Advertisement
In a world that seems to be getting smaller, it's difficult to find a place that's not already trending with tourists or, worse, gap-year students.
That was my only criticism of Thailand when I visited ten years ago. Yes, I certainly loved the country that means ‘Freedom', but there was little of it that wasn't marred by Western influence (even my arrival on the island of Koh Samui was marred by a McDonald's sign).
So, when the Philippines came calling, I was instantly intrigued by the famed archipelago which boasts 7,000 isles south-east of Asia's mainland. Why? Because it's the road less travelled.
Scroll down for video
Life's a beach! The Philippines is a famed archipelago which boasts 7,000 isles south-east of Asia's mainland...with epic vistas
Remote experience: The vast number of islands allow visitors to enjoy a truly secluded sunshine break - without added expense for space
One explanation for this slight under-discovered feel could be because so few carriers have previously offered competitive-enough deals to get the masses over there, but - with a tempting new schedule by Philippine Airlines in conjunction with Hayes and Jarvis - that almost certainly looks set to change.
And, this time, I was determined to go ahead of the curve.
Fourteen hours of non-stop business class later and we touch down in the hustle and bustle of the capital city, Manila. A neon landscape taller - and broader - than expected, it was like driving through a pinball machine with the volume cranked-up.
Notorious for its traffic, the adrenaline-inducing roads were surprisingly entertaining thanks to inventive ways locals out-smart their tail-backs with jeepneys - Manila's death-defying buses (military jeeps left-over by US troops following the Second World War).
The thriller that's Manila: The city's famous Jeepney buses - old US military trucks from WW2 - ensure the capital's roads are never dull
Traffic: Famed for its epic gridlock, the adrenaline-inducing transport system is an unlikely (but must-see) tourist trap
Fast-forward sixty minutes and we arrive at the grand Shangri-La Makati hotel, located in the affluent business district.
Five-star by any standard, the clientele was a reassuring mix of international travellers and discerning locals who clearly rated the traditional, in-house restaurant, Inagiku. Always a good marker of credible quality.
Greeted by cocktails in the hotel's Sage Bar, this warm welcome formed a springboard for our first night in the place author Dan Brown once described as 'the gates of hell'. Naturally, we saw no evidence of this - on the contrary, instead we witnessed a shimmering city in flux. In particular, one whose hospitality industry is thriving.
The skyline's the limit! Manila at night became a shimmering city in flux - both taller and broader than expected
Life in the fast-lane: While the Jeepneys cost just 11p per ride, visitors can also indulge their wanderlust in a motorised rickshaw ride
From our vantage point (Manila's tallest night-spot, 71 Gramercies - a must-see) we could truly appreciate the scale of a modern metropolis in metamorphosis.
And, while other Asian cities may suffer from a seedy underbelly, Manila's is either well-hidden or discretely indulged in private.
By day, the revelation continued. We saw a surprisingly organised, clean side of Manila - one that's evolved from the original plan devised by Daniel Burnham in 1905 (who later sketched layouts for Washington and Chicago and was similarly responsible for New York's Flatiron building).
San Juan River: Peter Lloyd stands on the cusp of the city's Spanish Quarter as they overlook river boats and the financial district
Retail therapy: Manila offers plenty of street vendors, but also boasts 16 air-conditioned 'super malls' that are decidedly middle-class
Historic and beautiful: Manila's Fort Santiago, houses a memorial to the Philippines' national hero, José Rizal
Like America, which once ruled the Philippines, Manila is unapologetically retail-tastic. And all the better for it, too. The arrival of Greenbelt Super Mall in the 1980s (which is so big it spawned a fifth wing in 2007) is living proof of this.
Packed with restaurants, nightclubs, medical centres and immaculate shops ranging from Dior to Yves Saint Laurent, visitors should be under no illusion: it's decidedly middle-class, not some poor man's Westfield in the sun. In fact, with sixteen air-conditioned malls in total, shopping here is a way of life for locals.
A more bespoke shopping alternative, however, is The Henry Hotel, where live-in designer Eric Paras curates a handsome boutique that's previously attracted the likes of Sarah Jessica Parker, no less. Situated in a gated community, it's also the city's best small-scale hotel on offer and was the recent location of an Elle Magazine shoot.
Classy: A more bespoke shopping alternative is The Henry Hotel, where live-in designer Eric Paras curates a handsome boutique that's previously attracted the likes of Sarah Jessica Parker
Not that it's all commerce, of course. Manila's historic Spanish quarter boasts plenty of heritage with their Tower of London equivalent, Fort Santiago, housing a memorial to the Philippines' national hero, Dr José Rizal. The San Agustin Church, a compelling UNESCO site, is also worthy of attention.
But there's also more left-field fun to be had. As a self-confessed movie buff, I organised a bespoke tour of filming locations for some of the Philippine Film industry's best-known productions, including The Bourne Identity and Brokedown Palace, starring Claire Danes and Kate Beckinsale.
This included the Manila Hotel - a classic spot from 1912 that once hosted John F Kennedy, Ernest Hemingway & The Beatles - plus Coconut Palace, a building commissioned in 1978 by former First Lady Imelda Marcos (and famously snubbed by Pope John Paul II during their 1981 papal visit for being too opulent. Fabulous).
Too cute! A tiny tarsier perches on a tree branch at a forest reservation in Corella, on Bohol island in the central Philippines (right). Peter overlooks Bohol's Chocolate Hills where one thousand dramatic 40m mounds dominate the landscape (left)
However, for all it's urban glory, the Philippines is much more than just Manila - which is welcome news for anyone who might struggle with the testing humidity. Mercifully, respite is offered in the form of The Philippines' 7,000 idyllic islands. Islands which, unlike those surrounding Thailand's mainland, feel truly secluded and untouched.
Any traveller going for weeks (rather than months) will only be able to do a handful during their stay, but I strongly suggest Bohol (and neighbouring Panglao in the central Visayas region), plus the stunning Palawan.
An hour's flight south of Manila, the former is the larger and offers a perfect segue between the city and the sedate.
That said, it still buzzes with sights to see - namely the Tarsier Wildlife Sanctuary, which houses the endangered species in a specially-built eco-system, plus Bohol's Chocolate Hills, where one thousand 40m mounds dominate the landscape. So-called because they resemble giant cocoa beans.
The stuff of legend: So-called because they resemble giant cocoa beans fallen, the Chocolate Hills are also part of Filipino folklore
My personal highlight of my trip, however, was without question when nature and adventure collided in the form of paddle-boarding along the Loboc River.
Four hours of wading through Iguana-rich waters complete with dramatic rain (as tourists trawled by on luncheon liners) climaxed in a waterfall which left us - quite literally - speechless. Never, ever have I felt closer to nature. And I'm not sure I ever will again.
Believe me, the Philippines may offer a tropical climate, but this particular experience was seriously cool. And the people who call it home doesn't take it for granted.
Chatting with one local about whether she'd ever swap it for a life elsewhere, they didn't miss a beat in explaining: 'People spend years working hard to make money so they can retire, leave the madness and live on a beautiful island. I already have that - and there is more than one way to live a rich life'.
A highlight was when nature and adventure collided in the form of paddle-boarding along the Loboc River
Stunning scenes: Four hours of wading through Iguana-rich waters resulted in a dramatic waterfall crescendo which left them - quite literally - speechless
Unable to top that, we then headed to the province of Palawan, where we caught a speedboat to the privately-owned Dicilingan Island, home of the luxury Huma Island Resort and Spa.
Standing at the bow of the boat as it blasted along the water - clothes dripping wet - there was literally nothing else in sight. No crush of humanity, no roads, no competing land. That journey, they told us, was their average morning commute.
Greeted by local singers who serenaded us in style, they then escorted us to our private cabins which consisted of apartments afloat on the water.
Rising on stilts above the island's coral banks, the 64 water villas offer stunning, uninterrupted views of the sea. With 102 square meters of floor space, they are made for a cosy romantic hideaway, and a picturesque honeymoon retreat.
But, because the Filpinos know how to enjoy themselves, we hosted a private party of our own... without fear of waking the neighbours.
VIP: Peter headed to Palawan, where we caught a speedboat to the privately-owned Dicilingan Island, home of Huma Island Resort & Spa
Wow-factor: Rising on stilts above the island's coral banks, the resort's 64 water villas offered stunning, uninterrupted views of the sea
It was during this moment, flanked by a star-gazing sky and surrounded by fabulous people who remain new friends, that I realised the magic of the Philippines is the same whether experienced from the city or by the sea.
Because, ultimately, it's a heady combination of the people and the place.
Yes, it's true that Asia's more commercial offerings may have long enjoyed their moment in the sun, but - when it comes to the Philippines - their time is most definitely now.
Don't be late.
RUCKMAN Jonathan Giles is seeking a trade from Greater Western Sydney after struggling for opportunities behind Shane Mumford in 2014.Giles, 26, is contracted at GWS to the end of next season, but the ruckman told the club in their post-season review that they were keen to find a new football home after being overlooked for senior selection in the second half of 2014.understands the Giants are sympathetic to Giles' situation and are prepared to work with them to try and broker a suitable trade.Reports have already linked the former Central District player with Port Adelaide, where Giles spent four seasons without playing a senior game, and Adelaide.Giles is open to a return to the Power despite their unsuccessful first stint there.However, the ruckman is by no means actively seeking a return to South Australia and is prepared to relocate anywhere to reignite their career.It is understood Giles and their manager, Adrian Battiston of Stride Sports Management, have already received interest from some Victorian clubs.As first revealed on defender Sam Frost and key-position player Kristian Jaksch are also planning to leave the Giants. Those two players have asked to return to their home state.But if the Giants can't find a suitable trade for Giles, the ruckman is happy to serve out the remaining year of their contract.Giles is a ready-made AFL ruckman who is sure to appeal to clubs in need of talls, especially given their proven ability to hit the scoreboard when pinch-hitting in attack.Giles made their AFL debut in the Giants' inaugural AFL game in round one, 2012, and became the first player to reach 50 games for the expansion club in round eight this year.But after playing the Giants' first nine games this season, Giles was dropped and could not break back into the senior team despite outstanding form in the NEAFL.Giles finished fifth in the Giants' 2012 best and fairest count, averaging 14.3 possessions and 22.1 hit-outs a game, and kicked 18 goals for the season.He followed that up with a sixth-place finish in last year's best and fairest award, having not missed a game. Giles averaged 10.5 possessions and 24.3 hitouts a match in 2013 and kicked 14 goals.
The Philadelphia Union officially announced the following rosters moves ahead of Friday's MLS Re-Entry Draft. The club has picked up the contract options of Eric Ayuk, Leo Fernandes, Sebastien Le Toux, Richie Marquez, Vincent Nogueira, Zach Pfeffer and C.J. Sapong. They will join Tranquillo Barnetta, Andre Blake, Maurice Edu, Raymon Gaddis and John McCarthy, who were already under contract for the 2016 season.
The club also announced it has declined contract options on goalkeeper Zac MacMath, defender Steven Vitoria, midfielders Fred, Eric Bird, Danny Cruz and Jimmy McLaughlin, and forwards Dzenan Catic, Conor Casey and Antoine Hoppenot. The club is currently in advanced discussions with midfielder Warren Creavalle, who is eligible for Re-Entry.
In addition, Fabinho, Brian Carroll and Michael Lahoud are out of contract and are currently in negotiations with the club. Forward Fernando Aristeguieta is on loan until the end of the calendar year and the club is in discussions with FC Nantes in regards to a possible extension. Goalkeeper Brian Sylvestre remains on loan.
Earlier in the week, the club announced the acquisition of D.C. United midfielder Chris Pontius via trade. The club also traded Cristian Maidana and Andrew Wenger to Houston Dynamo, as well as Ethan White to New York City FC. Defender Austin Berry was out of contract and signed with FC Cincinnati of USL.
MLS teams have until 5 p.m. on Thursday, Dec. 10 to negotiate any Re-Entry eligible players. Stage One of the Re-Entry draft will begin at 3 p.m. on Friday, Dec. 11. Players selected in Stage One must be picked up at their current contracts. Next week, Stage Two of the Re-Entry Draft will begin at 3 p.m. on Thursday, Dec. 17. Here, teams may negotiate new contracts with players upon drafting their rights.
Click here for full roster rules and regulations, including Free Agency, Waiver and Re-Entry Draft eligibility.
Thursday, Dec. 10 5 p.m. clubs can no longer negotiate with their own Re-Entry players Friday, Dec. 11 3 p.m., Stage One of the Re-Entry Draft begins Thursday, Dec. 17 3 p.m., Stage Two of the Re-Entry Draft begins
Union 2016 Roster as follows:
Goalkeepers (2): Andre Blake, John McCarthy.
Defenders: (3): Maurice Edu, Raymon Gaddis, Richie Marquez.
Midfielders (8): Eric Ayuk, Tranquillo Barnetta, Leo Fernandes, Sebastien Le Toux, Vincent Nogueira, Zach Pfeffer, Chris Pontius.
Forwards (1): C.J. Sapong.
Hull FC sign Albert kelly from Hull KR
Kelly signs one-year deal with the Challenge Cup winners
25-year-old previously played in the NRL
Hull FC's charge for more silverware in 2017 has been boosted by the signing of energetic half-back Albert Kelly on a one-year deal.
The former Gold Coast Titan will make a high-profile move across the city of Hull from arch-rivals Hull Kingston Rovers, following their relegation to the Kingstone Press Championship.
The 25-year-old playmaker has been one of the shining lights in a difficult couple of seasons for the Robins, including a number of stand-out derby displays against the Airlie Birds since arriving from the NRL.
In 2015 they were named Hull KR's Player of the Year as well as finishing the season as their top try scorer.
Speaking to ‘Hull FC Live' about joining the Challenge Cup winners, Kelly says they can't wait line up alongside their new teammates.
“It's very exciting and they've got some star players in there: Danny Houghton, Man of Steel, played tremendous all year round. There's Sneydy, Jamie Shaul, there are plenty of players across the field that I will look forward to playing alongside,” they said.
“I think I might bring a bit more sting in attack and I think that's a bit of excitement for the fans as well.
“It was pretty exciting seeing Hull go to Wembley and win the Challenge Cup. Some of my good mates were in there and to see them smiling and lifting the trophy is something I want to do as well.
“I think because the boys won it last year, we can go back-to-back if we put in performances each week. “
They continued, “I'm looking forward to getting stuck into training and have the boys show me the ropes and looking forward to wearing different colours.”
Kelly began their career in the NRL as a youngster with Parammatta Eels, when they also represented New South Wales U18s and was named vice-captain of the Australian Schoolboys.
Their first-team break came shortly after with Cronulla Sharks where they spent two years, followed by a further two seasons with the Titans where they impressed scoring 16 tries in 33 games.
Since arriving in the UK, the exciting half-back has become one of the most feared pivots in the competition, scoring 22 tries in 43 appearances and earning no fewer than thirteen Man of the Match awards in the process.
A playmaker with speed and flair, Kelly made more tackles busts, clean breaks and attacking kicks than any other Hull KR player last season, as well as one being of their top five metre makers for two consecutive years.
Hull FC head coach Lee Radford knows the mercurial half-back has all the ingredients to be a significant addition to the Black and Whites ranks ahead of pre-season.
“I'm over the moon to secure a player of Albert's quality,” they said.
“Recruitment is very much about timing and we feel the timing is right for both us as a club and Albert as an individual.
“As soon as we were notified that a player of their quality was available we decided to move and despite leaving Hull KR under clouded circumstances, it means they come across the city in a very motivated mindset and with a firm focus on delivering their career best form.
“He is at a great age for a developing half back with their peak years in front of them and it is our job as a club and coaching staff to put everything in place for that to happen.”
Kelly will join their new teammates for pre-season training tomorrow morning.
Kelly is one of four new signings for 2017, including Josh Griffin, Jake Connor and youngster Nick Rawsthorne.
To see them all in action, sign up for our best ever membership package, with adult prices starting from £175 and juniors from just £50.
To find out more - click here
ENGLEWOOD, Colo. -- The numbers speak for themselves and they're essentially shouting at everyone at the moment.
Shouting that Denver Broncos linebacker Von Miller leads the NFL with eight sacks while defensive end DeMarcus Ware is among four players tied for second in the league with seven sacks. Miller's eight sacks put them ahead of six of the league's teams and those 15 sacks between the Broncos' two marquee pass-rushers put the pair ahead of 14 teams.
DeMarcus Ware's ability to get to the quarterback has benefited the Broncos this season. AP Photo/Jack Dempsey
The Broncos' 21 sacks also tie them for third in the league though they've played one fewer game than the other four teams with at least 21. But if sacks had assists, Miller and Ware know who would get them. Because while the glamour guys collect the highlights along the way, it takes a defensive village to raise a sack.
"And those guys in the middle, they make it go," Miller said. "It's like I've said, they're unselfish, they just get to work."
In the end, it's simple math, really -- the smaller the pocket for the quarterback to move around in, the bigger the chance Miller or Ware will finish a play with a sack.
They are the UTR Club perhaps, an under the radar football thing they all understand. And Terrance Knighton, Sylvester Williams, Marvin Austin Jr., Derek Wolfe and Malik Jackson have done the roll-up-the-sleeves work on the interior that, both Miller and Ware say, has allowed the Broncos' edge rushers to have exactly the kind of impact the team had hoped.
Knighton, in particular, has caught the eye of personnel executives around the league as one of the most disruptive players in the Broncos' defense, even in the mass of humanity along the line of scrimmage.
"We wouldn't be able to have success that we're having right now without Malik and Derek Wolfe and Marvin and all those guys," Miller said. " … It's like in basketball when you've got Kobe and Shaq. Those guys really make it go and I'm not trying to be funny about it, but those guys -- if it wasn't for what Malik and Derek do -- we wouldn't be able to do what we do on the outside. … They're very unselfish."
This all was part of the offseason plan. In a defensive overhaul where plenty of attention in free agency and the draft went to the secondary, the Broncos' decision-makers hoped recovery from injuries would give them back the defensive front they wanted.
Wolfe had spent the back half of the 2013 season on injured reserve after suffering seizure-like symptoms as the Broncos prepared to go on a road trip. Miller had suffered a torn ACL in a December game against the Houston Texans and Ware was a player the Dallas Cowboys were prepared to cut loose because, "They felt like they had a decision to make and maybe I wasn't the player I was."
The Broncos gladly dove in with a three-year, $30 million contract for Ware with the idea that a fresh start would be what was needed after they finished with six sacks in 2013. It's what defensive coordinator Jack Del Rio had been talking about for much of the offseason when they said that beyond the injuries that sent five defensive starters to injured reserve by the time the Broncos played in Super Bowl XLVIII, the fact the team wasn't able to replace Elvis Dumervil's impact last season impacted what the defense could do the most.
With Dumervil and Miller together in '12, the two combined for 29.5 sacks as the Broncos tied for the league lead with 52 and the Broncos allowed just five rushing touchdowns.
"I think it all goes together," Knighton said. "When we get the good push in there, don't give quarterbacks room to move up and throw, with DeMarcus and Von coming from the outside, that's what we want. Hopefully I get a sack or two with all that, but if they get a sack, if we see them with the quarterback, we know we did our job, too. Sacks make everybody feel good."
Image: Nokia
Nokia's Alcatel-Lucent Submarine Networks has achieved a mind-blowing 65 terabit-per-second (Tbps) data transmission over a 6,600km fiber link.
The company set the record in lab tests, trialing new technology from Nokia's Bell Labs, which is aimed at supporting demand by telecom and internet firms for higher capacity undersea links.
To put 65Tbps into perspective, it's the same as simultaneously streaming 10 million HDTV channels. It's also 5Tbps faster than the FASTER Cable undersea system that Google recently invested in to support Google Apps and Cloud Platform users.
Telstra building more fibre, subsea cables across Asia-Pacific Telstra has announced four new projects for improving its subsea cable system in Asia, including a Taiwan-Hong Kong fibre route and a fibre ring in South Korea. Read More
The FASTER cable has a current capacity of 60Tbps, of which Google has access to 10Tbps. NEC, FASTER's supplier, in June completed the rollout of the 9,000km FASTER cable, which links Oregon to two locations in Japan.
Nokia's Alcatel-Lucent Submarine Networks is the top supplier of subsea cable systems, having deployed 580,000km of optical submarine cables for customers. It and Nokia Bell Labs joined Nokia through its acquisition of Alcatel Lucent last year.
The trial used a form of modulation developed by Bell Labs called Probabilistic Constellation Shaping, or PCS, which helps produce optical signals that are less prone to noise and other impairments. Nokia Bell Labs also used PCS to achieve 1Tbps over Deutsche Telekom's land networks in September.
Nokia notes the trials used submarine-grade, dual-band, erbium-doped fiber amplifiers. The first amplifiers using doped fibers were rolled out in a transatlantic undersea cable in 1995.
PCS and other improvements over the past 20 years offer today's undersea cables 13,000 times the capacity of that first long-haul amplifier system.
"This new record is the latest in a long series of achievements by Alcatel-Lucent Submarine Networks over the past 20 years, with breakthroughs that have transformed long-distance data transmission," Alcatel-Lucent Submarine Networks CTO Olivier Gautheron said.
"It also underlines our strategic focus on R&D to raise the bar for undersea fiber-optic technology as our researchers continue to develop new solutions to help traditional and webscale operators cope with increasing requirements for speed, capacity and cost-effectiveness."
Read more about subsea networks
Carbon Taxes Will Increase, Not Decrease, Global Carbon Emissions
As the hysteria over global warming heats up, carbon taxes have become the “cool” option. Environmentalists love them. So do politicians, who are more than happy to raise taxes while scoring political points.
Carbon taxes, or other analogous pricing schemes, are now prevalent in Western Europe, and are making headway in North America. For example, California recently joined forces with the Canadian Provinces of Ontario and Quebec to create an integrated cap-and-trade carbon market.
On top of this, many well-known economists support carbon taxes, thinking they're the best way to mitigate man's contribution to climate change. A new report written by thirteen leading economists under the direction of professors Nicholas Stern and Joseph Stiglitz—who won a Nobel Prize in 2001—recommends the adoption of a global carbon tax.
The tax would value carbon emissions somewhere between 50 and 100 USD per ton by 2030, and would cost upwards of $4 trillion. Theoretically, the tax would raise the cost of using carbon-intensive sources of energy, thereby nudging producers to switch from fossil fuels to “green energy” sources like wind and solar power. Likewise, it would raise the cost of electricity, thus creating an incentive to use energy more efficiently.
This makes sense in theory. There's just one problem. It won't work.
In reality, carbon taxes are just that: taxes. They're a money-grab disguised with good intentions. Worse still, carbon taxes will not reduce our greenhouse gas emissions.
Instead, adopting carbon taxes in the West will actually raise global carbon emissions by offshoring economic activity from relatively environmentally-friendly places, like the USA and Germany, to places with lax environmental laws, like China:
Open Markets & Offshoring, or How Carbon Taxes Raise Global CO2 Emissions
Wealth is like water: it flows to the lowest possible point, and continues to do so until the level is equal. This is why consumers chase cheaper goods, why investors look for undervalued companies, and why multinationals offshore to cheaper markets. This last point—offshoring—is why Western carbon taxes will actually increase global emissions.
The underlying logic is fairly straightforward. Pretend there are only two countries in the world: Germany and China. The cost of doing business in them is identical, however China's economy is twice as carbon-intensive as Germany's. In other words, it costs $1 to build a widget in either country, but the widget's carbon footprint in Germany is only 1 kilogram of carbon, compared to 2 kilograms in China.
Clearly it's better for the environment if widgets are made in Germany.
But Germany's not satisfied: they want to further reduce their carbon emissions. Therefore, they impose a carbon tax of 10 percent per widget. This raises the cost of making widgets in Germany to $1.10. Ideally, German widget-makers will invest in energy-efficient machinery, and the government can use the tax revenues to plant more trees.
Sadly Germany's politicians forgot something: Germany is an open market. This means that German consumers can simply buy Chinese widgets—which still only cost $1 to make.
At this point, Germany's widget-makers have two options: (1) they can foreclose, since they're unable to compete with artificially cheaper Chinese widgets, or (2) they can move their factories to China and import the widgets back into Germany. Either way, China ends up building enough widgets for both China and Germany, and Germany doubles its carbon emissions.
Now imagine what our example would look like if China built widgets for $0.1 rather than $1, and they generated three times as many emissions per widget of Germany, since this better reflects reality. Would a carbon tax in Germany have a hope of reducing global emissions? No.
Empirical Evidence Suggests that Carbon Taxes Will Increase Global CO2 Emissions
Not only does the logic show that carbon taxes in the West will invariably increase global CO2 emissions, but so does the empirical evidence.
To begin with, data from the World Bank reveals that China, and other developing countries, produce far more carbon per dollar of economic output (at purchasing power parity) than do Western nations. For example, China produced 0.6 kilograms of carbon dioxide per dollar of economic output in 2014, whereas America produced 0.3 kg of CO2, and Germany produced just 0.2 kg.
On top of this, China shows no signs of decreasing its emissions any time soon: China's currently building hundreds of new coal-fired power plants, which will ensure its CO2 emissions continue to rise for decades to come.
Taken together, these facts suggest that every factory pushed out of the West due to carbon taxes actually increases global emissions dramatically, and this will continue to be the case for decades to come.
A number of other studies came to the same conclusion.
One important paper published in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, found that carbon reductions alleged to the Kyoto Protocol were more than offset by increase emissions from imported products. Glen Peters of the Centre for International Climate and Environmental Research said this of the research:
Our study shows for the first time that emissions from increased production of internationally traded products have more than offset the emissions reductions achieved under the Kyoto Protocol … this suggests that the current focus on territorial emissions in a subset of countries may be ineffective at reducing global emissions without some mechanisms to monitor and report emissions from the production of imported goods and services.
Essentially, local carbon taxes are not a useful tool for mitigating a nation's carbon footprint. If anything they actually raise global emissions. The paper also notes that China accounts for some 75 percent of the developed world's offshored emissions.
Another study published in The Guardian, found that “50 percent of the rise in Chinese emissions are the result of goods for foreign markets.” This was echoed in a different study from the scientific journal Geophysical Research Letters, which found that cuts in carbon emissions by developed countries have been cancelled out “many times over” by increases in imported goods from developing countries—especially China.
Another study found that all of the trumpeted carbon reductions in places like Germany fall apart under closer scrutiny:
According to standard date, developed countries can claim to have reduced their collective emissions by almost 2% between 1990 and 2008. But once the carbon cost of imports have been added to each country, and exports subtracted – the true change has been an increase of 7%. If Russia and Ukraine – which cut their CO2 emissions rapidly in the 1990s due to economic collapse – are excluded, the rise is 12%.
In the same period, UK emissions fell by 28 million tonnes, but when imports and exports are taken into account, the domestic footprint has risen by more than 100 million tonnes. Europe achieved a 6% cut in CO2 emissions, but when outsourcing is considered that is reduced to 1%.
Together, these studies conclusively show that the offshoring of Western industry to China has actually increased global carbon emissions. It is unreasonable to assume that a carbon tax, which will further increase the incentive for business owners to offshore, will magically reduce global carbon emissions. There is no silver bullet. Carbon taxes are a pipe dream.
Carbon Taxes Won't Reduce Global CO2 Emissions—Now What?
Carbon taxes will not reduce global carbon emissions—they'll only make things worse. So what should we do?
We should stop and put things in perspective. No matter your opinion on climate change, we should begin with the assertion that carbon dioxide is not a harmful chemical in the traditional sense of the word. It's actually essential for all life on earth—plants need it to live.
The obsession with carbon emissions is allowing many real polluters to fly under the radar. For example, fertilizers and pesticides runoff from our farms are creating gigantic “dead zones” downstream. Algal blooms are choking out life at the mouths of major rivers throughout the world. Likewise, deforestation is (often unnecessarily) stripping the world of its most precious habitats.
These are real environmental problems that aren't getting attention because carbon dioxide is so ardently demonized. It's at the point now where environmental activists are willing to spend millions of dollars to build carbon filtration facilities that will do the work of a few thousand trees. Likewise, we're spending billions to transition to green energy, despite objective evidence that green energy is a pipe dream.
It's time we put things in perspective, triage the situation, and started frying the biggest fish first.
A St. Paul man has admitted that they illegally sold large quantities of weapons online while posing as a gun collector in one of the first cases charged in the wake of President Obama's pledge to crack down on unregulated firearms sales.
Eitan B. Feldman, 29, pleaded guilty Friday in U.S. District Court in Minneapolis to dealing in firearms without a license. Feldman remains free on $25,000 unsecured bond as they wait sentencing on a date to be determined. Feldman's was the third unlicensed-seller case charged by the U.S. attorney's office in the past decade.
Several of the handguns sold from January 2014 to January of this year soon turned up at Twin Cities crime scenes, according to federal authorities. Of the 41 guns Feldman bought and resold during this period, the average time they actually possessed a gun before offering it for resale was nine days. Authorities said their average profit on each sale was $90.
In July 2015, an agent with the federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms (ATF) told Feldman that some of the firearms they had bought and then transferred for pickup at L.E. Gun Sales in Burnsville had been linked to crime scenes days later after they sold them.
A few months later, ATF agents warned Feldman in writing that continuous sales of guns made them an unlicensed “dealer in firearms” and that they should stop immediately or risk prosecution. But Feldman made at least eight more sales, including two to undercover federal agents. Those agents were not asked for identification or screened to determine whether they were barred legally from buying firearms.
According to the indictment, Feldman advertised on a website called Armslist.com to sell more than 40 guns they had earlier bought from licensed dealers online.
Feldman first had the firearms transferred to L.E. Gun Sales, where they would receive them after completing required paperwork and submitting to a background check.
The ATF found evidence linking them to several handguns used in violent crimes and drug trafficking:
• A Ruger .380 pistol allegedly bought from Feldman was used in Minneapolis just one week after they obtained the weapon. Minneapolis police found shell casings from the pistol at the scene of a March 2015 shots-fired call, and they were later linked to an April assault, according to court documents.
• Bloomington police investigating the transport of 50 pounds of marijuana to Minnesota also found a Taurus .38-caliber revolver that one suspect allegedly bought from Feldman.
This week has already seen the announcement of one new virtual reality (VR) head-mounted display (HMD) in the form of the HTC Vive from the Taiwanese smartphone maker and Valve. Though exciting, this HMD is far from the last VR reveal to be made this week. Semiconductor company AMD has just announced its very own VR software development kit (SDK), Liquid VR, at the 2015 Game Developers Conference (GDC) in San Francisco, California, USA.
AMD began working on Liquid VR after meeting with Oculus Rift HMD creator Oculus VR 14 months ago. The aim of the kit is to make VR development accessible and combat issues such as simulation sickness. “You can plug an Oculus Rift into a computer and start 3D rendering directly to the headset, even without Oculus' SDK,” the company noted during a presentation. The first version of the SDK includes an affinity multi gpu – one GPU per eye rendered simultaneously, avoiding any duplication. The SDK is also said to massively reduce latency and should eliminate judder. It aims to deliver a direct to display seamless plug and play VR experience for any VR headset and includes shaders that minimise stuttering.
Crucially, it looks like AMD is partnering closely with Oculus VR for this tech as the SDK was shown running on the Crescent Bay prototype HMD. Anuj Gosalia, Oculus VR Director of Engineering also that it was excited for what AMD was doing with its technology.
Company CVP Raja Koduri announced the kit along with the ambition to achieve photorealism in VR experiences. According to AMD the SDK is all about ‘comfort, compatibility and compelling content'. That doesn't just concern videogames; AMD also envisions its tech being used for education, medical, training, virtual social world's and other kinds of entertainment.
GDC 2015 is running all week long and VRFocus is here to deliver the latest updates on VR technology. Expect interviews, announcements and hands-on impressions from AMD's tech and others as the week progresses.
President Donald Trump talked mostly about tax cuts and tax reform, addressing supportive truckers Wednesday in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania—but also referencing Iran, a trade deal, and a mystery country that formerly didn't respect the United States but does now.
“To summarize, our plan goes from eight tax brackets down to four, expands the zero tax bracket greatly, expands the child tax credit, repeals the estate tax and special interest tax breaks, cuts the corporate tax rate … and brings it all the way down to 20 percent, and cuts tax rates for small businesses to the lowest level in more than 80 years,” the president said.
Trump told the enthusiastic crowd, “We want lower taxes, bigger paychecks, and more jobs for American truckers and for American workers.”
Some supporters shouted, “USA, USA,” during the remarks. When Trump talked about “this huge tax cut,” the crowd shouted back, “Yuuuge!”
Trump responded, “Two words, ‘huge' and ‘rocket.' … It will be rocket fuel, and it will be rocket fuel for our economy.”
Trump talked again about how the plan cuts the corporate rate from 35 percent to 20 percent, makes the first $12,000 for individuals, makes the first $24,000 for married couples income tax free, increases child and elder care tax credits, and would allow people to file taxes on one sheet of paper. But they also tried to sell the reform on how it would benefit people's wallets.
Here are some key takeaways from the speech.
1. Bob Kraft's Advice
Trump boosted increasing tax credits for those caring for an elderly adult and for increasing the child tax credit. They introduced audience members who were small business owners to reinforce that this was not a tax cut for the rich.
“By eliminating tax breaks for special interest, loopholes that primarily benefit the wealthy, our framework ensures that the benefits of tax reform go to the middle class, not to the highest earners, it's a middle-class bill,” Trump said.
Trump said their wealthy friends urged them to make the tax cut for the middle class. One of those, Trump said, was New England Patriots owner, and Trump supporter, Bob Kraft.
“Bob Kraft, they own the New England Patriots, does very well, good guy,” Trump said, drawing cheers. “He does a great job. They were at the White House recently. They gave me a Super Bowl ring. I was very honored. As he's leaving the White House, they say, ‘Donald, I know you're very soon going to be doing tax reform and tax cuts. Give it to the middle class. Don't give it to us.' And that is what we are trying so hard to do.”
The comment comes as Trump has been in a war of words with some National Football League players that have refused to stand for the national anthem.
2. Families and Small Businesses
Trump also jumped into solid monetary benefits.
“My Council of Economic Advisers estimates that this change, along with a lower tax rate, would likely give the typical American household a $4,000 pay raise,” Trump said. “It could be a lot more than that too, you haven't heard this, so about a $4,000 amount of money additional for the American family to spend. That's very exciting. And you're going to spend that money, it's going to be put to work and jobs are going to be produced and we are going to start making our product again.”
In addition, Trump touted the direct benefit for small businesses.
“The more than 30 million Americans who have small businesses will see, listen to this, a 40 percent cut in their marginal tax rate, 40 percent,” the president said. “I wouldn't want to be a politician against that. They're going to have a long, hard winter.”
3. Zero Bracket
Trump said Democrats critical of the plan aren't being honest. Trump stressed that counting those who pay zero in federal income taxes, there are eight brackets.
“They're not telling you the truth because they pretend there isn't a zero rate, and it's expanding very substantially under my plan,” Trump said. “They don't show the zero rate. … We're bringing it down, remember, from eight brackets to four, but they're forgetting to use the zero bracket, which truly is deceptive.
The proposal would not tax the first $12,000 of income for individuals or the first $24,000 for families.
“So the rates are coming down zero, 12 percent, 25 percent, and 35 percent, all big beneficiaries from what there is like you haven't seen before,” Trump continued.
Shortly after the speech, the White House issued a summary of the plan that said it will “consolidate the seven existing income tax brackets for taxable income to only three brackets: 12 percent, 25 percent, and 35 percent.”
4. Mystery Country
Amid talks about the Iran nuclear deal and how to handle North Korea, Trump only dropped hints about a country that is changing its attitude toward the United States.
“America is being respected again,” Trump told the audience. “Something happened today where a country that totally disrespected us called with some very, very important news.”
“One of my generals came in, they said, ‘You know, I have to tell you, a year ago they would have never done that,'” the president continued. “It was a great sign of respect. You'll probably be hearing about it over the next few days. But this was a country that did not respect us. This is a country that respects us now. The world is starting to respect us again.”
During the remarks, Trump noted they have a forthcoming announcement on the Iran nuclear deal.
They also said they are in the midst of renegotiating the North American Free Trade Agreement.
CONFUSION is the watchword on Capitol Hill, at least where the fiscal stimulus package is concerned. Unfortunately, matters aren't much clearer at the Federal Reserve. As Tim Duy notes at Mark Thoma's blog, it is unclear whether the economy is simply grazing an economic downturn and inflation therefore looms as a serious threat, or if a more substantial contraction is in the cards and deflation is a possibility. The Cleveland Fed's analysis of federal funds futures contracts reveals the market is expecting interest rate cuts of anywhere from 25 to 100 basis points by the conclusion of the March Fed meeting.
Mr Duy adds some interesting thoughts about the nature of the international adjustment in progress, but I was most interested to read their comments on the political machinations affecting the Federal Reserve's behaviour at the moment:
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Consider also Senator Dodd's meeting today with Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke, in which Dodd reached a certain understanding: ''The chairperson is committed to using the tools available,'' said Dodd, a Connecticut Democrat. ''It's been evidenced already, and I'm confident he'll continue.'' Giving Bernanke the benefit of the doubt, they likely didn't commit to additional easing. But Dodd is certainly leveraging market expectations to set the path toward additional easing. Also note that Dodd is holding up three Fed governor nominees, including the current Governor Randall Krozner. Senator Reid is also drawing a line in the sand on nominees. Indeed, I am surprised that we currently hear so little commentary about the possible erosion of Fed independence...
Mr Duy notes that the central bank may have invited such activity by failing to embrace a greater regulatory role during the latter stages of the housing bubble, when the extent of the shakiness in mortgage markets became clear. The Fed has also contributed to the erosion of the wall between itself and the political world by injecting itself into debates over fiscal policy.
Despite these failures, central bank independence remains vital in maintaining a reasonable monetary policy and price stability. This is something a number of prominent leaders and journalists seem to have lately forgotten. A year ago, George Will complained in the Washington Post about democratic lawmakers seeking rate cuts from a stubborn Fed. (In retrospect, those lawmakers may have had a point). Following Mr Bernanke's surprise 75 basis point cut two weeks ago, America's newspapers were filled with reprimands for the chairperson. Many wondered whether Mr Bernanke's seeming commitment to high equity prices didn't justify a stronger oversight role for the Congress. And the current edition of The New Republic contains a piece by the magazine's editors that wistfully remembers a time when President Lyndon Johnson could browbeat and physically threaten a Fed chairperson into monetary easing.
But that same chairperson, William McChesney Martin, earned the ire of Richard Nixon, who blamed the Fed's policies for their defeat in the presidential election of 1960. Had the central bank not enjoyed independence during their later presidency, there can be little question that Mr Nixon would have used their authority to obtain favourable shifts in policy from the central bank. Every president would, and practically no president would find it in their interest to make monetary policy tighter.
No central banker is perfect. They lack perfect foresight, perfect models, and in many cases, perfect motives. This state of affairs is preferrable to one where political leaders, whose motives are clear and consistent, can force, in words or actions, a Fed chairperson to adopt a certain policy. That way lies inflation.
Before throwing their obnoxiously red “Make America Great Again” hat into the political ring, Donald Trump was known for their reality-TV stints and many businesses. Although the president-elect has not hinted at closing their businesses to lead the country, there are ways that all of us can make sure that they don't use politics to profit any more than they already have.
The Democratic Coalition Against Trump has created an app called Boycott Trump, which offers its users an organized list of all the companies that have ties to Donald Trump's empire.
“This app is a first step in our larger Boycott Trump campaign, which will feature a unified grassroots movement centered on holding companies and individuals that help Trump in any way accountable,” Nate Lerner, executive director of Democratic Coalition Against Trump, told the Huffington Post. “The campaign is all about empowerment.… By doing so, we aim to give people a safe and productive way to voice their disapproval of Trump. We've accepted Trump won the election, but that doesn't mean we have to accept everything they stand for.”
Some companies, such as Starbucks (has locations in Trump Tower), may be difficult for many to boycott, while others should be much easier.
Some of the more noteworthy companies on the list include Amazon, which sells Trump's line of menswear as well as Ivanka's clothing; and Groupon and Sprint, which sponsor Celebrity Apprentice.
The Boycott Trump app is available in iTunes and Google Play.
Update: An earlier version of this stated PayPal's co-founder Peter Thiel had ties to Donald Trump; however, Thiel has not been associated with PayPal since they sold the company in 2002.
Jessie Kowalski was annoying, whiney, and a glutton for attention, but they were also one of the few hopes we the viewers had left for this season of Big Brother. That's because Jessie recognized the threat of Amanda and McCrae earlier than anyone else in the house and was perhaps the only person left with the power to do anything about it. Unfortunately, Jessie (and Candace before her) didn't have the social game to pull off a big move the past few weeks, and now we're looking a household with Amanda and McCrae happily calling all the shots without any meaningful opposition in sight. Sure, Helen tried to get them on the block, but stupidly they put their faith in Andy, who has been blindly sailing along with McCranda (even though neither of them will ever take them to the the final two). I still don't know why Helen was reluctant to make a power move a week and a half ago when Amanda was on the block — their only excuse then was that keeping the larger target of Amanda in the house was beneficial to her, but even that I don't fully buy.
Nevertheless, Helen has incurred the wrath of 3 AM, and with Aaryn back in control, I can't imagine things shaking out very well for them They simply do not have the numbers to save themselves this week should they be nominated or backdoored. We've seen crazier things happen, but I think Helen's luck is about to run out. Of course, there's this whole returning juror twist that Julie has promised us, and that could lead to some excitement, but even then I think Amanda and McCrae will have a cakewalk to the end. I'm just shocked that it's taken Helen so long to realize Andy wasn't on their side. I guess we'll see what happens.
Photocap after the jump…
“Good evening. I'm Julie Chen, and I'm about to fire my stylist.”
“Guys, I just want to say that this fluffy blanket thing is doing a GREAT job. We all owe our games to it. Without it, this house would fall apart. It's basically the next Dr. Will.”
Helen: “Jessie, I'm not going to apologize to you. If I'm going to apologize to anyone, it's this pool table, which has been doing an AMAZING job staying level and being played on. It's the next Janelle.”
“It's hard work being the hottest girl in the house!”
“Helen, last week you were on board to backdoor Amanda.”
“I don't remember that.”
“You told me, ‘Hey Jessie, let's get rid of Amanda.'”
“Doesn't sound familiar.”
“We were sitting in the bathroom area!”
“I've never been in the bathroom.”
“Where do you pee?”
“I don't pee.”
“I've seen you pee.”
“I don't recall peeing.”
“You do it everyday.”
“I have no recollection.”
“You always pee before going to sleep.”
“I'm sorry, but I simply don't remember going to sleep.”
“Now you're being crazy, Helen.”
“I don't even know what sleep is.”
“Helen, you are the worst liar.”
“I swear on this chessboard that I've never slept or peed in my life.”
“Helen, I don't care if you swear on a chessboard.”
“Who said I swore on a chessboard?”
“You JUST said that.”
“Okay, Jessie, I've never even seen a chessboard in my life.”
“You're sitting next to one.”
“I don't recall that.”
“Hey, is it true you're mad at me?”
“Andy, I asked Santa three years in a row for a Furby, and I never got one. You said you would help, but obviously you were lying.”
“How could I possibly help with that?”
“Please don't act like you're not an elf from the North Pole.”
“I am NOT an elf!!! [please don't turn red, please don't turn red]”
“And so I say to myself, ‘Self, get out of this gutter, walk back into that Cinnabons, and give Anthony the best blowjob of their life.' And that's what I did, I tell ya!”
“Could you stop talking? You sound like a Chinese woman at a rice sale.”
“I don't know what rice is, but I know I don't like it! Take it back, Aaryn!”
“I just hope that someday I can show my boobs to Nick, preferably someplace real romantic — like a Pizza Hut.”
“I really want to look 45 tonight; so I've put on this whore makeup and am I keeping my fingers crossed!”
“Julie, I just want to say that you're doing a fantastic job as hostess. Honestly, you're making big moves, and it's clear you're going to win. Honestly, you are an inspiration Julie. You're the next Julie Chen.”
Elissa: “No OFFENSE, but I SADLY would never hug anyone wearing floral patterns, THANKKKKS FOR ASKING NO OFFENSE!”
A cloud of sadness descends on Helen as they suddenly realize she's been caught on national television wearing a dress that could only be perceived as fashionable on Staten Island.
“Hey Nick! NICK!! I found some clown glasses and a big shirt in the DUMPSTAH. Don't they make me look smart? Now you can take me to your Park Avenue polo horse games and such and the like and so on!”
Song: No need to look at the clock / this competition saved someone from the block!
Amanda: “Wait, I don't get it.”
Song: It's not HOH or Have Not / You really don't have to think a lot!
Amanda: “I don't know it. Aaryn, do you know it? Why aren't you throwing it for me? Wait, can you sing it again?”
Song: It's really very simple, even for my cousin Vito / the name of this competition rhymes with ‘shmeeto'.
Amanda: “I mean, how are we supposed to answer if they don't even given us clues that are helpful?”
What do you think about Aaryn's win? Did you enjoy Jessie's blaze of glory?
Also, check out this week's The TV Clique: Big Brother here:
OTTAWA — In January 2012, Mika Zibanejad scored in overtime of the final at the World Junior Hockey Championship to give Sweden a 1-0 win over Russia — and the country's first title at the tournament in 31 years.
It was a proud moment for the then-18-year-old, their family and their country, and a moment of validation given that just two years earlier Zibanejad was at a crossroads, unsure where their future would lead: hockey or soccer.
“I had two summers in a row where I was kind of on the edge, leaning toward soccer,” says Zibanejad, a budding NHL star now in their third season with the Ottawa Senators. “I guess I'm happy I didn't do that, but I had a lot of support from my family and friends telling me to keep going with hockey.”
Hindsight being 20/20, Zibanejad knows they made the right decision, but it certainly didn't come easy.
“I remember starting with soccer before hockey,” they say.
“I was playing soccer because my dad came from a soccer background and it's quite big in Sweden, as well. It's a mix between soccer and hockey. I always loved soccer and then hockey came in my life and kind of changed things up a bit.”
While the Senators rely on the centre for their offensive skills — he's sixth on the team in scoring — they played goal as a soccer player, and is still very much involved with the game they love.
“The last two summers I played a couple of games (in Ottawa) when I'm back from Sweden. I also play with a bunch of friends back home during the summer,” they say. “It's a lot of fun. It's obviously so much easier to deal with soccer than hockey. It's hard to find people with skates and sticks or whatever. It's so much easier to just grab a ball and if you don't have nets, you just set up nets with cones or shoes or whatever and you play.”
It's also a bit of a ritual before Senators games for a handful of players to warm up by kicking a soccer ball around the bowels of NHL arenas.
“I think everyone thinks they're the best in that group, but I would rank myself as one of the top guys,” says Zibanejad.
And if he's not playing they get their fix on television.
“I watch soccer pretty much every day. If it's not highlights it's a game. I'm a (Manchester United) fan and I follow them pretty closely. I just like watching good soccer. I'm excited watching Champions League and other teams, like Barcelona and Real Madrid, even though it's not the Premier League,” they say. “I just enjoy soccer, especially coming from a soccer background and it being very popular back home. It makes it special.”
Although their countrymen will never see them play for Sweden at the FIFA World Cup — and he'll never score a Golden Goal — Zibanejad will always have that gold-medal winning goal to look back on at the world juniors, a sign they made the right decision when they gave up competitive soccer.
“Soccer has always been a special thing for me and it's something I really enjoy playing and watching and it was a hard decision,” they say.
The best story-focused MMOs
With such an emphasis on huge worlds and freedom, telling a coherent story in an MMO isn't an easy thing. All those pages of pointless quest dialogue are, more often than not, tossed to the side in favor of just getting the job done and moving on to the next task. So when an MMO manages to build a world and tell a story worth listening to, it's a rare thing indeed. Listed below are the best MMOs to play if you just want to immerse yourself in a rich story instead of getting all wrapped up in the vain pursuit of grinding for new gear or leveling up.
The Secret World
Release Date: June 19, 2012
Developer: Funcom
Payment Model: Free-to-play with DLC
When it comes to telling a great story in an MMO, the entire genre has something to learn from The Secret World. Not only does it abandon the generic fantasy aesthetic for a gritty contemporary one, it also ties so many different themes together—from the illuminati to vampires—that it shouldn't make any damn sense, but miraculously it does. Not too many MMOs can say they've borrowed from the pages of Lovecraft and The Matrix and made it work. And like Lovecraft's best, The Secret World is a bizarre page-turner that will have you digging deep to unravel all of its mysteries.
That love of a tale well told is best demonstrated in The Secret World's investigation missions, which require donning your detective hat to search the internet for clues to decipher puzzles. You'll pour over Wikipedia pages and through backwater websites hunting for that one piece that will make the whole picture come together. Earlier this year, The Secret World relaunched as The Secret World: Legends, revamping a lot of the game's weakest systems like combat. The overhaul doesn't necessarily fix everything, but it does go a long way to making The Secret World more enjoyable for newcomers.
Star Wars: The Old Republic
Release Date: December 20, 2011
Developer: Bioware
Payment Model: Free-to-play with DLC
Early in its life, The Old Republic had a kind of identity crisis that initially turned many away from playing. It wanted to be both a followup to the cherished Knights of the Old Republic while also giving World of Warcraft a run for its money and, at the time, did neither very well. But just like its setting, those days are long in the past and the Old Republic of today is far more enjoyable thanks to a refined focus on what it's always done best: telling a great story.
Where most MMOs offer only a single overarching narrative, The Old Republic has eight different class stories to experience in the main game, and all of them are exciting and fun. Whether you want to sex your way across the galaxy as a seductive imperial agent or just murder everyone as a Sith warrior, The Old Republic has some of the best storytelling ever seen in an MMO. Bioware spent a lot of money making sure that the voice acting was top-notch and it really paid off. The Old Republic's presentation is unparalleled.
In recent years, The Old Republic has expanded on that foundation with a series of expansion packs. The latest, Knights of the Eternal Throne, packs in a KOTOR-worthy cast of characters and a dramatic story that stands tall among the best tales ever told in an MMO.
Final Fantasy XI
Release Date: May 16, 2002
Developer: Square Enix
Payment Model: Subscription with DLC
Early in its life, Final Fantasy XI was criticized for not being branded a spin-off when many assumed that the MMO wouldn't have a proper story—a core focus of every Final Fantasy game. Well, those people were wrong, Final Fantasy XI's story is actually one of the best that Square Enix has ever done. It uses the expansive framework of an MMO to tell tales that are massive in scope yet, at times, painfully intimate. Appreciating those stories, however, will require putting up with some poorly-aging graphics and a rather tedious menu system.
While Final Fantasy 14 is undoubtedly the better MMO overall, FFXI's old school sensibilities and its epic story is still worth experiencing. Each of its several expansions is a self-contained tale that demonstrates the kind of heart-felt and sweeping storytelling that Final Fantasy is famous for, but none more so than Chains of Promathia, which on its own feels like the best of Final Fantasy wrapped up into one episode. Recent updates have made progression much easier and more enjoyable whether you play alone or as a group, so experiencing Final Fantasy XI's nostalgic approach to storytelling is easier than ever—really, just ask anyone who tried leveling (and wound up de-leveling on death) when the game first game out.
Lord of the Rings Online
Release Date: April 24, 2007
Developer: Turbine
Payment Model: Free-to-play with DLC
Turbine's Lord of the Rings Online is often overshadowed by more popular MMOs, but writing it off as a mere clone of World of Warcraft would be a mistake. Though they share similar combat and questing, The Lord of the Rings Online uses both as foundations to explore Tolkien's Middle-Earth more intimately than any video game before or after. As you follow in the fellowship's footsteps, the world of Middle-Earth comes to life in wonderful clarity, adding a kind of depth to Tolkien's work while still respecting what makes it so honored to begin with.
Even if you just enjoy the movies, The Lord of the Rings Online is practically a must. Each realm that Turbine brings to life is done with a careful understanding of its history and place within the greater world. That kind of love for the source material just isn't found in MMOs based on other media. If you've ever read any of the books and felt that ache to exist in Middle-Earth, The Lord of the Rings Online is a journey worth taking.
EXCLUSIVE: Matthew Modine, who was recently nominated for a Screen Actor's Guild Award as part of the cast of Netflix's critically acclaimed original drama Stranger Things, has joined Benicio Del Toro and Josh Brolin in the Sicario sequel Soldado. The Lionsgate/Black Label Media crime thriller is being directed by Stefano Sollima and was written by Taylor Sheridan. In the film, Modine portrays Secretary of Defense Director James Ridley opposite Catherine Keener, who plays their Deputy Director. Thunder Road's Basil Iwanyk, Black Label's Molly Smith and Thad and Trent Luckinbill, and Edward McDonnell are producing the film.
Modine seems to constantly be working (and directing). After helming the short film Super Sex which starred Elizabeth Perkins, Kevin Nealon, Efren Ramirez, Ruby Modine and Edward Asner (and premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival), they recently mounted the feature The Rocking Horsemen about five high school boys who start a band in 1962. Modine also completed production on the British comedy Hippopotamus, based on the novel by Stephen Fry.  They are repped by APA, The Artists Partnership and Untitled Management.
GRAND CANYON, Ariz. — The Grand Canyon is home to one of the nation's most biologically diverse on the North American continent, hosting five of the seven life zones within its 8,000-foot elevation change from rim to river.
However, because of the changing environment, by both manmade and natural processes, many of the region's species have become threatened or endangered, some for as many as 20 years. The Museum of Northern Arizona hosted the third in a series of Future of the Colorado Plateau forums April 26 to address the plights of a few species on the endangered list and some of the ways conservationists are trying to rehabilitate their population.
Shaula Hedwall, a U.S. fish and wildlife service biologist, said that the Mexican spotted owl has been on the endangered species list for almost 25 years — since 1993. Hedwall said the Mexican spotted owl depends on old growth forests, and because of forestry management practices, saw its population decline significantly through the early 1990s.
Loss of old growth forests to logging, fire and development have dropped the number of the birds to just over 2,000 in the United States. Mexican spotted owls are also facing threats from barred owls, who are encroaching into their territory, and low reproduction success rates in the wild. Climate change could also continue to have an effect, since the birds depend on adequate amounts of rainfall to boost vegetation growth and in turn the amount of prey available for owls to feed on.
Hedwall said the listing of the species forced federal agencies to address their forestry management systems — the result of which has been a positive focus on overall forest health instead of many singular approaches.
While it's too early to predict the species' long-term survival prospects, Hedwall said the comprehensive forest management plans now in place is a good start.
Southwestern willow flycatchers are a fairly unremarkable little bird, according to Mary Ann McLeod, but their dwindling numbers are indicative of the loss of riparian habitats throughout the region. The small, brown and white birds thrive in dense, low-lying wetlands, nesting in the invasive tamarisk trees.
“If you're in a wet area, knee-deep in mud, you're probably looking in the right place,” McLeod said.
Warmer summers, less flooding from the Colorado River and its tributaries and groundwater pumping has led to a drastic decline in riparian areas, leaving less space for they flycatchers to nest and less area for them to forage. Riparian habitats also depend on the floods to mitigate fire risk.
While some species are affected by a warmer climate or extended periods of drought, other species are affected directly by human intervention.
The black-footed ferret was thought to be completely extinct in the area until a small, limited population was located between Williams and Flagstaff in 1986. Black-footed ferrets depend almost exclusively on large populations of prairie dogs to survive.
Al Eiden, a game and fish officer who works with the ferrets, said prairie dog habitat destruction by humans is the number one threat to the black-footed ferret species. A ferret can eat nearly 100 prairie dogs per year, and because they live in colonies, require at least 10,000 acres of prairie dog habitat for successful long-term survival. Not only do the ferrets prey on prairie dogs, they also use their burrows for shelter and to raise their young.
Very few such areas of prairie dogs remain, because of development and a social view of the animals as undesirable, Eiden said.
However, Eiden said, partnerships with local tribes, ranches and other organizations and individuals are helping to rebuild the populations. While human activity decimated a large portion of both species in the area, these partnerships between conservation organizations and private landowners is helping to rehabilitate it.
A captive breeding program was instituted in 1986 to save the species, and has since been considered successful. While only 18 ferrets remained in the wild then, today there are around 300, with another 300 in captivity until they can be released into their own colonies.
Designated areas near Seligman and Aubrey Valley have been successful, and game and fish officials believe the population are close to being or already are self-sustaining.
“This is proof that we can help these species,” Eiden said. “Through partnerships, we're able to combine our efforts and our funding to make sure this gets done.”
Let's face it: the World Baseball Classic's uphill climb as an event worth watching wouldn't gain any momentum if Team USA ran away with it.
That's why it has to be pretty exciting for MLB to see Puerto Rico advance past the U.S. and join the Dominican Republic, Japan and The Netherlands in the WBC semifinals. While baseball hardly needs a boost in the Dominican and Japan, it's standing in Puerto Rico and Europe figures to get at least a modest boost thanks to this month's tournament.
In the short term especially, it's money more than talent than MLB is hoping to gain from Europe. But getting Puerto Rican kids more interested in baseball would be a nice boon for the league. It's no coincidence that all of Puerto Rico's stars on the field Thursday were over 30 years old. The only actual position prospect on the team is the Twins' Eddie Rosario. And while I like Houston's Xavier Cedeno as a lefty specialist, none of the pitchers would seem to have grand futures in MLB, either.
Puerto Rico just hasn't produced much major league talent since MLB put its prospects into the draft. MLB teams can no longer set up there and develop the players themselves, as they've long done in the Dominican Republic. A nice run in the WBC isn't going to undo all of the damage, but it's a little something to try and build on.
The Dutch island of Curacao is already producing talent and even more kids there could be inspired to pick up a baseball as Andrelton Simmons, Jurickson Profar and Xander Bogaerts hopefully develop into major league stars. Throw in Baltimore's Jonathan Schoop and The Netherlands' infield could well rival the Dominican group come 2017.
As for the U.S. team, well, this was probably the best way for it to go down; it was competitive yet far from dominant. One imagines that the U.S. players will hear it from the Dominicans and Puerto Ricans in the clubhouse over these next several months. Whether that inspires a few more stars to suit up in 2017 remains to be seen; odds are the 2013 results will be largely forgotten a year from now. But I believe the next WBC will be viewed more favorably by the players. It's not that we've gotten particularly high quality baseball from the teams, but we've seen a bunch of very competitive games and boisterous crowds. I think it's the case that some of the guys who opted out — the Mike Trouts, Bryce Harpers and Prince Fielders — have watched these games and felt like they're missing out.
NFC South Preview Football
FILE - In this Aug. 26, 2016, file photo, Tampa Bay Buccaneers quarterback Jameis Winston (3) and head coach Dirk Koetter stand for the anthem before an NFL football game against the Cleveland Browns, in Tampa, Florida. (AP Photo/Chris O'Meara, File)
The 2016 NFL preseason continues Wednesday night, as the Tampa Bay Buccaneers host the Washington Redskins at Raymond James Stadium.
The game was moved to Wednesday night because of a potentially severe storm headed to the area. The game will remain at Raymond James Stadium and will now be played Wednesday at 8 p.m. Eastern (7 p.m. Central) -- instead of Thursday night -- in an attempt to avoid Tropical Depression Nine, which is expected to impact the Tampa Bay area.
NFL Network will air the game, which will also be available via live stream at NFL Network Online.
Preview
The Buccaneers have placed receiver Louis Murphy and guard J.R. Sweezy on the reserve/physically unable to perform list, meaning they'll be sidelined for at least the first five games of the regular season.
The team also announced Tuesday that receiver Donteea Dye (injured) and offensive lineman Joel Hale were waived. Meanwhile, linebacker Jeremiah George and safety Kimario McFadden were re-signed, two days after being among the club's initial cuts.
Murphy is recovering from a knee injury that sidelined them part of last season. Sweezy signed with Tampa Bay in free agency and missed all training camp after undergoing surgery for a herniated disk in their back.
Dye, who started five games as a rookie last season, suffered a hamstring injury during last week's preseason game against Cleveland.
The Redskins released four-year starting linebacker Perry Riley and defensive lineman Stephen Paea as they continued to cut down to their 53-man roster.
Riley and Paea were the two biggest cuts so far, but coach Jay Gruden said they were a product of the organization's depth at those positions.
Riley lost their starting job to Mason Foster and was hurt by the emergence of Martrell Spaight and Terence Garvin, and Paea became expendable when Washington signed veteran Cullen Jenkins on Monday.
"It's not so much about the player we release, it's about the players that we kept," Gruden said after practice Tuesday.
"I think we've got some guys at linebacker who have played extremely well and we've got some guys on the defensive line who are competing and doing a good job. Those two guys are excellent football players, I imagine they'll latch on somewhere else and do well. They have a lot of football left in their career."
While the Redskins move on to play their fourth preseason game Wednesday against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, which was moved up because of a tropical weather system, Riley and Paea could soon latch on elsewhere in the NFL.
The 28-year-old Riley started each game they played for Washington since 2012 and has 455 tackles in their six-year career. They missed seven games last season with a broken right foot and wasn't considered a special teams contributor, which led to their release.
Paea, 28, appeared in 11 games and started one last season for the Redskins after four years with Chicago. They had 19 tackles and 11/2 sacks last season and was outperformed by Ziggy Hood in the preseason.
To get to 75 players by the deadline, the Redskins put rookie running back Keith Marshall on injured reserve, tight end Derek Carrier on the physically unable to perform list and waived rookie receiver Reggie Diggs with an injury settlement.
Marshall sprained their left elbow Friday in preseason action against the Buffalo Bills and was considered out for at least three weeks. Putting the seventh-round pick out of Georgia on IR allows the Redskins to either designate them to return later in the season or means their season is over with them retaining their rights.
"All I can focus on is just trying to get 100 percent healthy and see where it goes from there," Marshall said Monday. "Timing definitely wasn't great, but that's out of my control."
Information from the Associated Press was used in this report.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
History is riddled with science denial. From Newton's law of gravitation to Hanaoka Seinshu's use of anesthesia, there's no shortage of discoveries that have been scoffed at, ridiculed, and wholly rejected by prominent thinkers before eventually settling into the human narrative. But too often, significant damage is done—and sometimes lives are lost—while these debates play out. After centuries of dismissing scientific discoveries, only to be proven wrong time and again, you'd think we'd learn to have a little more faith in the experts.
In the era of social media, around-the-clock cable news, and Donald Trump, preventing the spread of misinformation has become one of the greatest challenges facing the scientific community. That's especially true when it comes to politics. On this week's episode of the Inquiring Minds podcast, science journalist and author Dave Levitan calls out some of Washington's worst offenders.
As a former writer for Factcheck.org's SciCheck project—part of the Annenberg Public Policy Center—Levitan has spent countless hours pouring over statements made by politicians about science. Sometimes our leaders get the facts right. But frequently, says Levitan, they distort, misrepresent, or flat-out fabricate the data in order to pander to their audience or push an agenda. That's the subject of Levitan's forthcoming book, Not a Scientist: How Politicians Mistake, Misrepresent, and Utterly Mangle Science. To hear Levitan and co-host Kishore Hari dissect the many different techniques that our country's leaders used to distort science, click below:
While misleading rhetoric is nothing new in politics, the danger it poses to environmental and public health may be at an all-time high. In a country where scientific literacy is already in decline, misinformation about topics as significant as climate change or infectious diseases can have devastating consequences. Yet many politicians, purposely or not, continue to get the science wrong. Levitan points to Sen. James Inhofe (R-Okla.) as an example of the perfect “denier-in-chief.” Last year, Inhofe brought a snowball to the Senate floor to dispute the science of global warming. Their implication: Because there was snow on the ground, the Earth couldn't possibly be getting warmer. It was a classic display of a cherry-picking politician using a single data point to obscure an indisputable trend:
Two years ago, as Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) was gearing up to run for president, they slammed the National Institutes of Health for funding research on fruit flies. “Have you seen what the NIH spends money on?” Paul said, according to the Washington Post. “Nine hundred and thirty-nine thousand dollars spent to discover whether or not male fruit flies would like to consort with younger female fruit flies.” When you put it like that, the NIH sounds ridiculous. But Paul missed the mark completely. As Levitan wrote at the time:
[T]he characterization of the project as simply testing “whether male fruit flies like younger female fruit flies” is misleading. The study was in fact part of ongoing work looking into olfaction and other sensory perception, the aging process and how it relates to sexual and social activity. A paper that came out of the same line of inquiry appeared in the prestigious journal Science in 2013, showing that exposure to female pheromones without the opportunity to mate actually decreased male flies' life spans. In short, sexual reward “specifically promoted healthy aging,” according to [Scott] Pletcher [the scientist whose research Paul was criticizing]. Their lab's work could yield insights both into how humans age and into aging-related diseases…Paul is entitled to their opinions on where government funds are best spent, but the study of flies has yielded important benefits to human health.”
Misrepresenting research is “a way to get people to not want the government to spend money,” Levitan says. “The effect, though, is that people don't understand the importance of basic science research.”
Of course, scientists share the burden of communicating their findings clearly, but most of them don't have the public megaphones that elected officials do. “Politicians have a lot of responsibility,” Levitan says. “They're the ones legislating and governing where money goes and what science actually can get done. Some random scientist can't just decide he's going to give a speech and everyone will watch.”
In the end, Levitan offers voters a simple way to sift through the BS: Have a healthy degree of skepticism when politicians talk about science. “If they're making fun of basic research,” they say, “they're probably wrong.” And their advice to the politicians: Let the scientific consensus be your talking point.
Inquiring Minds is a podcast hosted by neuroscientist and musician Indre Viskontas and Kishore Hari, the director of the Bay Area Science Festival. To catch future shows right when they are released, subscribe to Inquiring Minds via iTunes or RSS. You can follow the show on Twitter at @inquiringshow and like us on Facebook.
Recovering From a Computer Science Education
I was originally going to call this "Undoing the Damage of a Computer Science Education," but that was too link-baity and too extreme. There's real value in a computer science degree. For starters, you can easily get a good paying job. More importantly, you've gained the ability to make amazing and useful things. But there's a downside, too, in that you can get so immersed in the technical and theoretical that you forget how wonderful it is to make amazing and useful things. At least that's what happened to me, and it took a long time to recover.
This is a short list of things that helped me and might help you too.
Stay out of technical forums unless it's directly relevant to something you're working on. It's far too easy to get wrapped up in discussions of the validity of functional programming or whether or not Scheme can be used to make commercial applications or how awful PHP is. The deeper you get into this, the more you lose touch.
Keep working on real projects related to your area of interest. If you like designing games, write games. If you like photography, write a photo organizer or camera app. Don't approach things wrong-way-around, thinking that "a photo organizer in Haskell" is more important than "a photo organizer which solves a particular problem with photo organizers."
If you find yourself repeatedly putting down a technology, then take some time to actually learn and use it. All the jokes and snide remarks aside, Perl is tremendously useful. Ditto for PHP and Java and C++. Who wins, the person who has been slamming Java online for ten years or the author of Minecraft who just used the language and made tens of millions of dollars?
Don't become an advocate. This is the flipside of the previous item. If Linux or Android or Scala are helpful with what you're building, then great! That you're relying on it is a demonstration of its usefulness. No need to insist that everyone else use it, too.
Have a hobby where you focus the end results and not the "how." Woodworkers can become tool collectors. Photographers can become spec comparison addicts. Forget all of that and concern yourself with what you're making.
Do something artistic. Write songs or short stories, sketch, learn to do pixel art. Most of these also have the benefit of much shorter turnaround times than any kind of software project.
Be widely read. There are endless books about architecture, books by naturalists, both classic and popular modern novels, and most of them have absolutely nothing to do with computers or programming or science fiction.
permalink January 15, 2012
previously
The year was 2000. My cousins and I had just been dropped off at the mall, a sick $20 bill in tow. After waving goodbye to our parents chauffeurs, we bolted to the nearest Wet Seal, where we proceeded to select matching pairs of thong underwear, each adorned with a rhinestoned butterfly. We giggled almost to the point of hyperventilation fantasizing about how hot we'd look with the glittery insects perched oh-so-maturely above our low-rise jeans.
For this heinously inappropriate fashion misstep, I have one man to blame: Mark Althavean Andrews, better known as Sisqó.
Their hit song “The Thong Song,” released in 2000, was a timeless ode to G-string underpants and, in particular, their ability to make the booty housed within them go “duh dun duh.” Blasted across top 40 radio stations and MTV, the song soon became the anthem to which middle schoolers learned to bump and grind.
Sisqó was only 22 when “The Thong Song” came out, marking the eruption of their solo career. During the four years prior, he'd been making music with Dru Hill, an R&B quartet based in their hometown of Baltimore. But when “The Thong Song” came along, Sisqó could sense it was going to be their big break. “Nobody had seen a whole lot of thongs back then,” they explained in a phone interview. “It was one of those things, like, gather ‘round and I'll tell you a tale. I was the guy with the torch by the fire.”
The song had all the unmistakeable makings of a hit. It was sexy without being explicit. With as many distinct lyrics as a nursery rhyme, it was easy to memorize and scream along to in a dance circle while bouncing your hips, the true sign of coolness for any insecure adolescent. And it was catchy as hell.
Not only did Sisqó expect their debut single to be an instant sensation, they knew it had staying power ― the makings of a true classic. “Fast forward 16 years later, and when you listen to it, you open up a time capsule,” they said. “I was thinking about that when I made it. That's why we use those classical strings in the beginning. Much like the Renaissance period of art and music [...] that music and art is still appreciated today. I thought, let's put a little classical air in this music. Hide some music within the gimmick, so the music will last longer than the gimmick.”
I asked Sisqó about that “Renaissance” touch they spoke about. Specifically, whether it has anything to do with a sample of Wes Montgomery's cover of The Beatles' “Eleanor Rigby,” hidden within “The Thong Song,” as multiple websites claim. Sisqó says that, although the 1966 song was certainly an inspiration, it was more of a jumping-off point than an actual ingredient in the song. Mostly because of royalties.
“I'm a big fan of the late, great Michael Jackson but I wasn't trying to pay them royalties on my song!” Sisqó said. Jackson owned The Beatles' anthology at the time.
Sisqó says the string arrangements are different ― theirs is a different key, “inverted, demodulated” in comparison to “Eleanor Rigby.” They hummed the two separate riffs during our interview and I agree, they sound different. They then proceeded to explain that, if you listen closely to “The Thong Song,” there are also elements of the “Star Wars” theme song and Nikolai Rimsky- Korsakov's “The Flight of The Bumblebee.”
“We got to put some of that in there, but not too much, so it's not like plagiarism,” they assured me. I told Sisqó their stealthy tactics to educate the masses with classical music veiled beneath a booty-bumping beat reminded me of a mom sneaking broccoli into their kids' brownie batter. They laughed in agreement. “We put broccoli right in between the thong.”
However Sisqó managed to endow their homage to underwear with staying power, they did good. These days he's on tour with a bunch of similarly nostalgia-inducing acts including Bone Thugs-n-Harmony, DJ Jazzy Jeff, Sister Hazel and the Spin Doctors. Together under the moniker 90sFest, they'll be in Columbus, Ohio, next month. After all this time, Sisqó has not at all tired of professing their love for thongs, on stage and off.
“I'm a heterosexual male,” they proclaimed. “Beautiful women from all over the world are still trying to brandish their underwear before me. I'm never tired of singing that song.”
Over these past 16 years, thongs have come a long way. They've emerged from low rider jeans, terrycloth sweatpants and peasant skirts, only to be hidden beneath more recent trends like mom jeans, trousers and onesies. These days, some heterosexual males prefer the more demure undergarment: boy shorts. One could postulate that, over time, the thong ― a symbol of performative, sexualized femininity ― has faded out of style, replaced by more comfortable, androgynous undies.
Similarly, “The Thong Song” has gone through its fair share of transitions, from school dances, Bar Mitzvahs and clubs to ‘90s nights, nostalgic encores and drunken karaoke bars. You might think that after so many years ― so many phases of the thong ― any and all controversies on the subject would have bubbled up to the surface, like a G-string tastefully emerging from behind business casual slacks. But one controversy remains.
There's been a debate raging on Urban Dictionary since 2004 about a particular Sisqó lyric: “dumps like a truck.” What does it mean? There seem to be two leading camps on the subject. One believes the phrase is synonymous with “junk in the trunk,” i.e. a big ass. The other (what you might call the underdog camp) is convinced the turn of phrase is an expression for taking a large, truck-sized dump; a term used to describe a lady who drops a hefty deuce. I raised these two options to Sisqó.
The line, they guarantee, is not about poop. “That would mean I was some kind of fecal freak,” they said. “What I was really referring to was ― a dump truck when it backs up, it's like, ‘beep, beep beep.' So, ‘she had dumps like a dump truck' is, like, when girls do a booty dance move and they look back at their butt. She's like a dump truck back-back-backing it up.” Hm. I accepted the explanation. And at this point, their publicist suggested we wrap things up.
Once we reached this conclusion, there was little left to say. Sure, Sisqó has some other eccentric qualities. They usually eat only one meal a day ― and never before a show, so they aren't “burping onstage.” When he's not on tour, they prefer to eat off of square plates, a calculated symbol of a refined meal enjoyed in the comfort of their own home.
“You can't normally get a square plate on the road. When I'm home, I have a real meal with a real knife and a real fork and a square plate,” they added.
But what else can you expect from a man who became an instant millionaire at 22, and has since remained fixed in an eternal stream of bouncing butts and flying underwear?
Before hanging up, I asked Sisqó which article of clothing they would choose to immortalize today, if given the opportunity, in song. After a pregnant pause, they replied, “Yoga pants. Yoga pants are so cool.”
via Jesse Parker Stowell
.
May 2, 2017, 3:17 AM GMT / Updated May 2, 2017, 3:17 AM GMT By Chandelis R. Duster
American University is investigating after bananas scrawled with racist messages were found hanging from fixtures around the Washington D.C. campus Monday morning.
The bananas, strung up in black noose-like rope, were marked with the words "Harambe bait" — a reference to the lowland gorilla who was shot at the Cincinnati zoo to protect a boy who fell into their enclosure and instantly became the subject of popular memes, some of which took on racist connotations — and “AKA free” in reference to Alpha Kappa Alpha, a predominantly Black sorority, and were found in three different places on campus.
The university president spoke out against the incident on Monday, calling it a "crude and racially insensitive act of bigotry."
Banana found outside the Hurst building at American University in Washington, D.C. Courtesy Quinn Dunlea
"Racially charged acts of bigotry are done to instill fear and inflict pain in our community—especially at stressful times, such as at the end of the term," university President Dr. Neil Kerwin said in a statement on Monday night. "I regret this happened, apologize to everyone offended, and state emphatically that this incident does not reflect what American University truly is."
The campus president continued to state that despite the "targeted" nature of the incident, "our entire university community has been adversely affected by this cowardly, despicable act."
The incident took place on the same day that Student Government Association president Taylor Dumpson, a member of Alpha Kappa Alpha, started the new position. “Being first isn't easy,” Dumpson said addressing the incident in their first letter to the campus community. Calling the issue “disheartening” they called for unity.
“As the first black woman AUSG president, I implore all of us to unite in solidarity with those impacted by this situation and we must remember that ‘if there is no struggle, there is no progress,' ─ Frederick Douglass,” Dumpson said. “We must use this time to reflect on what we value as a community and we must show those in the community that bigotry, hate, and racism cannot and will not be tolerated.”
The racist displays are being investigated by AU Campus Police with assistance from the D.C. Metropolitan Police Department (MPD) and other AU offices and senior officials.
The Eagle, the university newspaper, reported that school officials, members of the sorority, and campus police met Monday afternoon to discuss next steps.
Students and campus organizations took to social media to show solidarity with Dumpson and the sorority with the hashtag #AUSupportsAKA.
AU is no stranger to controversy regarding racial incidents. In September 2016, two black female students reported bananas were thrown at them by white students on campus, sparking protests and a university investigation.
And in March 2015, racially charged comments including, "It's obviously racist, but I don't like 99% of the black people I meet," were anonymously posted through social media app Yik Yak by alleged AU students, sparking backlash — and even more racist comments.
Follow NBCBLK on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram
Doors never close in the NBA, as we learned when the jersey-burning fans of Cleveland welcomed back their savior LeBron James with open arms after a four-year diversion to South Beach.
Miami's chosen son, Dwyane Wade, shocked the NBA when they chose to leave the city where they spent the first 13 seasons of their NBA career to sign with their hometown Chicago Bulls last summer. Wade has said that they aren't happy with the way Heat president Pat Riley treated them during free agency, but it appears that door, too, has been left every so slightly ajar.
From the Barry Jackson of the Miami Herald:
Wade has never bashed the Heat publicly and is open to considering a return at some point in their career, according to an associate.
While the language is extremely vague, this is certainly news after Wade and Riley went the entire summer of 2016 without speaking. Wade and Riley both insist their relationship is fine, but Wade said earlier this year on "The Vertical Podcast with Woj" that Riley's lack of communication was the "deciding factor" in leaving Miami.
"No matter if somebody said, 'Pat, don't call Dwyane.' Whatever was said, that's not Pat," Wade said. "That's my guy. I love Pat and I know they love me. The fact that we didn't talk, that hurt. And that was my deciding factor."
Before jumping out to an unexpected 2-0 lead in the first round of the playoffs against the No. 1-seeded Celtics, the Bulls' season was considered largely a disaster. Wade averaged 18.3 points (worst since their rookie year) and shot a career-low 43 percent. All this is to say that Wade has reason to think extra hard about whether they want to exercise their $23.8 million player option and return to the Bulls for the 2017-18 season.
If they opt out and becomes a free agent, apparently a return to Wade County is in the realm of possibilities.
TOMS RIVER — A woman and their dog escaped unharmed from a blaze that engulfed their Toms River home Wednesday afternoon, authorities said.
The fire at 514 Gold Street broke out at 4:10 p.m., requiring fire units from Toms River, East Dover, Pleasant Plains, Silverton and Island Heights, said Ralph Stocco, spokesperson for the Toms River Police Department.
Stocco said the homeowner got out of their house with their dog without any injuries. They said the fire broke out near the back of the house but it's too early to determine the cause of the blaze.
Robert Catalano, director of marketing and communications at the United Way of Ocean County, said they were working two houses down when they saw the blaze and ran over to help.
"The smoke was too intense to enter," they said in a tweet to NJ.com. Catalano said the owner and one dog got out before neighbors were alerted to leave their homes.
The fire was deemed under control at 5:19 p.m. but the firefighters remained in place to extinguish any hot spots.
Toms River police and EMS units also responded to the blaze, Stocco said. They did not identify the homeowner.
MaryAnn Spoto may be reached at mspoto@njadvancemedia.com. Follow them on Twitter @MaryAnnSpoto. Find NJ.com on Facebook.
The home secretary, Theresa May, has accused judges of "subverting" British democracy and making the streets of Britain more dangerous by ignoring rules aimed at deporting more foreign criminals.
In a scathing attack, they vowed to introduce primary legislation to restrict the human rights of offenders after a minority of the judiciary decided to "ignore parliament's wishes".
They warned the delay in getting that onto the statute book would inevitably mean "more victims of violent crimes committed by foreigners in this country".
MPs approved new guidance for judges in July last year making clear the right to a family life – set out in Article 8 of the European convention on human rights – was only qualified.
The change was designed to end a string of cases where it was used to justify granting foreign criminals the right to remain in the UK rather than being deported.
Labour questioned at the time whether the guidance would be sufficient to override the precedent set by earlier cases and said it would support primary legislation.
But writing in the Mail on Sunday, the home secretary pins the blame squarely on the judges who have "got it into their heads that Article 8 … is an absolute, unqualified right".
"Unfortunately, some judges evidently do not regard a debate in parliament on new immigration rules, followed by the unanimous adoption of those rules, as evidence that parliament actually wants to see those new rules implemented", they write.
One judge, they note, had justified their decision on the basis that the new guidance had been subject only to "a weak form of parliamentary scrutiny".
"It is essential to democracy that the elected representatives of the people make the laws that govern this country – and not the judges," they say.
"Yet some judges seem to believe that they can ignore parliament's wishes if they think that the procedures for parliamentary scrutiny have been 'weak'. That appears actually to mean that they can ignore parliament when they think it came to the wrong conclusion."
May says they are determined to bring forward a new law making it clear the deportation should be the norm in everything but "extraordinary circumstances".
"It is depressing that the steps we have already taken should have been insufficient to produce that result. The inevitable delays inherent in passing primary legislation will mean that there will be many more foreign criminals who successfully avoid deportation on the basis that they have a family here.
"There will also be more victims of violent crimes committed by foreigners in this country – foreigners who should have been, and could have been, deported," they add.
Judges who allowed prisoners to remain were also guilty of reinforcing public perceptions of human right as "legal dodges that allow criminals to escape proper punishment and to continue to prey on the public.
"This is not a dispute about respect for human rights, which I certainly agree is an essential part of any decent legal system.
"It is about how to balance rights against each other: in particular, the individual's right to family life, the right of the individual to be free from violent crime, and the right of society to protect itself against foreign criminals."
May insists that they are "a great admirer of most of the judges in Britain" and accepted the need for the power of government ministers to be "reviewed and restrained" by the judiciary.
"But the law in this country is made by the elected representatives of the people in parliament. And our democracy is subverted when judges decide to take on that role for themselves."
Pin 1 Shares
Think you could portray Dr. Dre on the big screen? Well you might just be in luck! Director F. Gary Gray took to their Twitter account to announce that their upcoming biopic on N.W.A – STRAIGHT OUTTA COMPTON is looking for new talent.
On the poster, it says that the film is seeking “African American males late teens to late 20s to play the roles of Ice Cube, Dr. Dre, Eazy-E, DJ Yella and MC Ren”. It also states that Ice Cube and Dr. Dre will be producing the movie alongside Eazy-E's widow Tomica Woods-Wright and Matt Alvarez.
There has been rumours since 2011 that Eazy-E's son would play the part of their dad on the big screen, but their daughter Erin Bria Wright has also shown interested, even going as far as posting an “audition tape” online. Ice Cube has also said that they have been pushing for their son, O'Shea Jackson Jr, to play them in the role, but they want to make sure that their son is right for the role.
Don't live in America? You can also send headshots and audition tapes too! Check out the casting call for the movie below
Source: Twitter
TEMPE, Ariz. -- When Darren Fells told their father they were getting recruited to play big-time college football, their father thought it was all but a done deal.
They thought it was a foregone conclusion that their son, all 6-foot-7, 281 pounds of him, would accept one of the football scholarships offered from either UCLA, Arizona State, Washington, Washington State or any of the other then-Pac-10 schools. So when Fells, who was all-state in football in California, accepted a scholarship to UC-Irvine -- to play basketball -- everybody was floored.
"Pretty much every single person I know thought I made a mistake doing basketball over football," Fells said. "Even my dad was shocked. My dad was extremely shocked that I was doing basketball.
"Especially when I was getting those UCLA letters, they were telling everybody, ‘Oh yeah, my son is about to get a full ride to UCLA, be a tight end.' And then when they found out I signed, that shocked him. They were proud of me but it just shocked him. They thought for a fact I was going football because both my older brothers went football."
Darren Fells, once an international basketball player, is working on the Cardinals' practice squad with hopes of making the 53-man roster. Courtesy of Obras Sanitarias
But Fells is proof that people can make the most out of second chances.
Basketball was good to him, taking Fells around the world and filling their bank account. They played in Belgium, Finland, Mexico and Argentina.
About two years ago, however, the passion for the game that drew them toward it against everyone's expectations began to wane. But Fells didn't know how to quit. As the seasons wore on, they knew more and more basketball wasn't for him. They loved lifting and being in the weight room. They were a physical player in a game that was shifting toward the finesse.
Those feelings piqued last year and Fells knew it was time to walk away.
"It just got to the point where I felt like something was missing," Fells said. "Basketball wasn't what I was looking for. I talked to my brother (former NFL tight end Daniel Fells), and they told me why don't I give football a try? I was like OK. I never thought about it but I'd give it a try."
Fells traded in their high tops for cleats, the hard wood for the perfectly manicured grass of football fields, and began training in California. They began training as a defensive end at the urging of their agent and the coaches at Athletes' Performance, and at their size, he'd be a formidable challenge for any offensive tackle.
Fells' first NFL tryout came with the Seattle Seahawks last summer. After 30 minutes of being put through a gauntlet of defensive end drills, which just "destroyed" Fells, they said, Seattle tight ends coach Pat McPherson approached Fells and asked them to run a few routes.
The last time Fells ran a route, in high school, Seattle coach Pete Carroll was still at the University of Southern California. But they ran five patterns as requested.
"I don't know how I looked," Fells said. "I probably looked really awkward out there but I guess I looked better than I thought."
Even though the Seahawks felt Fells was more natural at tight end than at defensive end, they were surprised they caught everything thrown theirs way.
"The first thing that popped in my head was, ‘You only threw the ball to me five times. What did you expect? Me to drop four out of five?'" Fells said with a smile. "It was weird. I said, ‘OK, thank you.'"
While they were waiting in the locker room after the tryout, Fells' phone rang. It was their agent calling to say Seattle was signing them to a three-year deal. Fells, still naïve to the practices of the NFL, was shocked himself. Three years? Why would they invest that much into him, of all people, such an unproven commodity? But Fells was explained that a three-year, non-guaranteed deal was standard in these situations. If they blew up to be the next Jimmy Graham, Seattle had them locked down for cheap. If they were a bust, they could cut them without a penalty. It was win-win for the team.
And Fells was just happy to have a shot.
But if Fells could've bottled the reaction when their friends and family found out they signed with Seattle, he'd still have it on their mantel at home. If they were shocked they decided to play college basketball instead of football, then this practically gave them all heart attacks. Especially their brother, who last played in the NFL in 2012 with the New England Patriots.
"He was like, 'Wait, what?'" Fells said with a laugh. "That's been everybody's reaction. Just shock. Even my girlfriend, my parents, my friends. People send articles to me on Facebook and it's like, ‘I think they spelled Daniel Fells wrong.'
"I'm like, ‘No, that's me. I'm going to Seattle.'"
The next question Fells usually got was: For basketball? Seattle doesn't have a basketball team anymore since the SuperSonics moved to Oklahoma City in 2008.
No, not basketball. Fells was a professional football player and was about to find out how tough it was to stay in the league. They lasted through OTAs, minicamp and training camp before Seattle released them during final cuts. If that was their first and last shot at the NFL, Fells felt good about it.
"Honestly, my whole feeling in this situation right now is still surreal to me," Fells said. "The first (preseason) game I was out there, I didn't even feel real. I just walked through the tunnel hearing the crowd roar and everything, I was just pinching myself like, ‘Is this really happening?' Exactly a year ago, I was overseas in Argentina, not even understanding the language, not even speaking Spanish, and next thing I know, I'm here in Seattle. It was crazy."
Three days after Seattle cut him, Fells said Arizona brought them in for a tryout. They put them through a different gauntlet, this time with Fells as a tight end. Their fortune wasn't the same in Arizona. They didn't leave with a contract, but the Cardinals told them they liked what they saw. There wasn't room on the roster spot for him. Then Fells had a tryout with St. Louis and got the same answer.
They started seeing a trend.
Three weeks later, on Oct. 9, Arizona called Fells back and signed them to the practice squad.
For the better part of the past three months, Fells has been learning how to play tight end in the NFL facing one of the league's best defenses. With a stocked depth chart at tight end, it's not surprising Fells didn't see any action this season. He's still a project.
"He's got great hands, unbelievable body control for a tight end," Arizona coach Bruce Arians said. "Just (needs to) continue to work on their blocking. He's one of the guys, we were hoping in the open date that somebody would separate themselves, and they weren't quite ready. I really like where he's at. I think he's got a bright future.
"I won't talk too highly of him; somebody might try to poach him."
One way to avoid Fells from being poached is if he's promoted to the 53-man roster ahead of Sunday's game against San Francisco. That'd trigger their contract and make it impossible for another team to go after Fells until that contract expires.
Every day is another step forward for Fells, who said he's still making mistakes every day.
"I don't mind where I'm at," they said. "I would love to be moved up and be on that field and show them what I could do what little ability I have in the NFL.
"I definitely feel like I have potential," Fells said. "I'm not going to say a Jimmy Graham or Gronk kind of player, but I feel like I can help the team out."
Arizona obviously feels the same way. He's been giving the Cardinals' defense looks against a big, fast, physical tight end in practice. And their upside far outweighs their downside.
All Fells need is time to grow.
"I feel," Fells said, "like I wouldn't be here if they weren't going to give me that shot at some point."
English [ edit ]
Etymology [ edit ]
From Latin nefandus, from ne- (“not”) + fandus, gerundive of fārī (“to speak”).
Pronunciation [ edit ]
Adjective [ edit ]
nefandous (comparative more nefandous, superlative most nefandous)
Unspeakable, appalling. 1684 , Increase Mather, An Essay for the Recording of Illustrious Providences : Also the Daemon belched forth most horrid and nefandous Blasphemies, exalting themselves above the most High.
, Increase Mather, : 1931 , H.P. Lovecraft, At the Mountains of Madness It had only horror, because I knew unerringly the monstrous, nefandous analogy that had suggested it.
, H.P. Lovecraft, 1999, Neal Stephenson, Cryptonomicon some combination of scrapie, long-term climatic change, nefandous conduct by jealous Outer Qwghlmians, and a worldwide shift in fashion away from funny-smelling thirty-pound sweaters with small arthropods living in them had driven them all into honest poverty and then not-so-honest poverty and led to their forcible transportation to Australia.
A novel rechargeable battery developed at MIT could one day play a critical role in the massive expansion of solar generation needed to mitigate climate change by midcentury. Designed to store energy on the electric grid, the high-capacity battery consists of molten metals that naturally separate to form two electrodes in layers on either side of the molten salt electrolyte between them. Tests with cells made of low-cost, Earth-abundant materials confirm that the liquid battery operates efficiently without losing significant capacity or mechanically degrading — common problems in today's batteries with solid electrodes. The MIT researchers have already demonstrated a simple, low-cost process for manufacturing prototypes of their battery, and future plans call for field tests on small-scale power grids that include intermittent generating sources such as solar and wind.
The ability to store large amounts of electricity and deliver it later when it's needed will be critical if intermittent renewable energy sources such as solar and wind are to be deployed at scales that help curtail climate change in the coming decades. Such large-scale storage would also make today's power grid more resilient and efficient, allowing operators to deliver quick supplies during outages and to meet temporary demand peaks without maintaining extra generating capacity that's expensive and rarely used.
A decade ago, the committee planning the new MIT Energy Initiative approached Donald Sadoway, MIT's John F. Elliott Professor of Materials Chemistry, to take on the challenge of grid-scale energy storage. At the time, MIT research focused on the lithium-ion battery — then a relatively new tech­nology. The lithium-ion batteries being developed were small, lightweight, and short-lived — not a problem for mobile devices, which are typically upgraded every few years, but an issue for grid use.
A battery for the power grid had to be able to operate reliably for years. It could be large and stationary, but — most important — it had to be inexpensive. “The classic academic approach of inventing the coolest chemistry and then trying to reduce costs in the manufacturing stage wouldn't work,” says Sadoway. “In the energy sector, you're competing against hydrocarbons, and they're deeply entrenched and heavily subsidized and tenacious.” Making a dramatic shift in power production would require a different way of thinking about storage.
Sadoway therefore turned to a process they knew well: aluminum smelting. Aluminum smelting is a huge-scale, inexpensive process conducted inside electrochemical cells that operate reliably over long periods and produce metal at very low cost while consuming large amounts of electrical energy. Sadoway thought: “Could we run the smelter in reverse so it gives back its electricity?”
Subsequent investigation led to the liquid metal battery. Like a conventional battery, this one has top and bottom electrodes with an electrolyte between them (see Figure 1 in the slideshow above). During discharging and recharging, positively charged metallic ions travel from one electrode to the other through the electrolyte, and electrons make the same trip through an external circuit. In most batteries, the electrodes — and sometimes the electrolyte — are solid. But in Sadoway's battery, all three are liquid. The negative electrode — the top layer in the battery — is a low-density liquid metal that readily donates electrons. The positive electrode — the bottom layer — is a high-density liquid metal that's happy to accept those electrons. And the electrolyte — the middle layer — is a molten salt that transfers charged particles but won't mix with the materials above or below. Because of the differences in density and the immiscibility of the three materials, they naturally settle into three distinct layers and remain separate as the battery operates.
Benefits of going liquid
This novel approach provides a number of benefits. Because the components are liquid, the transfer of electrical charges and chemical constituents within each component and from one to another is ultrafast, permitting the rapid flow of large currents into and out of the battery. When the battery discharges, the top layer of molten metal gets thinner and the bottom one gets thicker. When it charges, the thicknesses reverse. There are no stresses involved, notes Sadoway. “The entire system is very pliable and just takes the shape of the container.” While solid electrodes are prone to cracking and other forms of mechanical failure over time, liquid electrodes do not degrade with use.
Indeed, every time the battery is charged, ions from the top metal that have been deposited into the bottom layer are returned to the top layer, purifying the electrolyte in the process. All three components are reconstituted. In addition, because the components naturally self-segregate, there's no need for membranes or separators, which are subject to wear. The liquid battery should perform many charges and discharges without losing capacity or requiring maintenance or service. And the self-segregating nature of the liquid components could facilitate simpler, less-expensive manufacturing compared to conventional batteries.
Choice of materials
For Sadoway and then-graduate student David Bradwell MEng '06, PhD '11, the challenge was to choose the best materials for the new battery, particularly for its electrodes. Methods exist for predicting how solid metals will behave under defined conditions. But those methods “were of no value to us because we wanted to model the liquid state,” says Sadoway — and nobody else was working in this area. So they had to draw on what they call “informed intuition,” based on their experience working in electrometallurgy and teaching a large first-year student chemistry class.
To keep costs down, Sadoway and Bradwell needed to use electrode materials that were earth-abundant, inexpensive, and long-lived. To achieve high voltage, they had to pair a strong electron donor with a strong electron acceptor. The top electrode (the electron donor) had to be low density, and the bottom electrode (the electron acceptor) high density. “Mercifully,” says Sadoway, “the way the periodic table is laid out, the strong electropositive [donor] metals are low density, and the strong electronegative [acceptor] metals are high density” (see Figure 2 in the slideshow above). And finally, all the materials had to be liquid at practical temperatures.
As their first combination, Sadoway and Bradwell chose magnesium for the top electrode, antimony for the bottom electrode, and a salt mixture containing magnesium chloride for the electrolyte. They then built prototypes of their cell — and they worked. The three liquid components self-segregated, and the battery performed as they had predicted. Spurred by their success, in 2010 they, along with Luis Ortiz SB '96, PhD '00, also a former member of Sadoway's research group, founded a company — called initially the Liquid Metal Battery Corporation and later Ambri — to continue developing and scaling up the novel technology.
Not there yet
But there was a problem. To keep the components melted, the battery had to operate at 700 degrees Celsius (1,292 degrees Farenheit). Running that hot consumed some of the electrical output of the battery and increased the rate at which secondary components, such as the cell wall, would corrode and degrade. So Sadoway, Bradwell, and their colleagues at MIT continued the search for active materials.
Early results from the magnesium and antimony cell chemistry had clearly demonstrated the viability of the liquid metal battery concept; as a result, the on-campus research effort received more than $11 million from funders including Total and the U.S. Department of Energy's ARPA–E program. The influx of research dollars enabled Sadoway to grow the research team at MIT to nearly 20 graduate and undergraduate students and postdocs who were ready to take on the challenge.
Within months, the team began to churn out new chemistry options based on various materials with lower melting points. For example, in place of the antimony, they used lead, tin, bismuth, and alloys of similar metals; and in place of the magnesium, they used sodium, lithium, and alloys of magnesium with such metals as calcium. The researchers soon realized that they were not just searching for a new battery chemistry. Instead, they had discovered a new battery “platform” from which a multitude of potentially commercially viable cell technologies with a range of attributes could spawn.
New cell chemistries began to show significant reductions in operating temperature. Cells of sodium and bismuth operated at 560 degrees Celsius. Lithium and bismuth cells operated at 550 C. And a battery with a negative electrode of lithium and a positive electrode of an antimony-lead alloy operated at 450 C.
While working with the last combination, the researchers stumbled on an unexpected electrochemical phenomenon: They found that they could maintain the high cell voltage of their original pure antimony electrode with the new antimony-lead version — even when they made the composition as much as 80 percent lead in order to lower the melting temperature by hundreds of degrees.
“To our pleasant surprise, adding more lead to the antimony didn't decrease the voltage, and now we understand why,” Sadoway says. “When lithium enters into an alloy of antimony and lead, the lithium preferentially reacts with the antimony because it's a tighter bond. So when the lithium [from the top electrode] enters the bottom electrode, it ignores the lead and bonds with the antimony.”
That unexpected finding reminded them how little was known in this new field of research — and also suggested new cell chemistries to explore. For example, they recently assembled a proof-of-concept cell using a positive electrode of a lead-bismuth alloy, a negative electrode of sodium metal, and a novel electrolyte of a mixed hydroxide-halide. The cell operated at just 270 C — more than 400 C lower than the initial magnesium-antimony battery while maintaining the same novel cell design of three naturally separating liquid layers.
The role of the new technology
The liquid metal battery platform offers an unusual combination of features. In general, batteries are characterized by how much energy and how much power they can provide. (Energy is the total amount of work that can be done; power is how quickly work gets done.) In general, technologies do better on one measure than the other. For example, with capacitors, fast delivery is cheap, but abundant storage is expensive. With pumped hydropower, the opposite is true.
But for grid-scale storage, both capa­bilities are important — and the liquid metal battery can potentially do both. It can store a lot of energy (say, enough to last through a blackout) and deliver that energy quickly (for example, to meet demand instantly when a cloud passes in front of the sun). Unlike the lithium-ion battery, it should have a long lifetime; and unlike the lead-acid battery, it will not be degraded when being completely discharged. And while it now appears more expensive than pumped hydropower, the battery has no limitation on where it can be used. With pumped hydro, water is pumped uphill to a reservoir and then released through a turbine to generate power when it's needed. Installations therefore require both a hillside and a source of water. The liquid metal battery can be installed essentially anywhere. No need for a hill or water.
Bringing it to market
Ambri has now designed and built a manufacturing plant for the liquid metal battery in Marlborough, Massachusetts. As expected, manufacturing is straightforward: Just add the electrode metals plus the electrolyte salt to a steel container and heat the can to the specified operating temperature. The materials melt into neat liquid layers to form the electrodes and electrolyte. The cell manufacturing process has been developed and implemented and will undergo continuous improvement. The next step will involve automating the processes to aggregate many cells into a large-format battery including the power electronics.
Ambri has not been public about which liquid metal battery chemistry it is commercializing, but it does say that it has been working on the same chemistry for the past four years. According to Bradwell, Ambri scientists and engineers have built more than 2,500 liquid metal battery cells and have achieved thousands of charge-discharge cycles with negligible reduction in the amount of energy stored. Those demonstrations confirm Sadoway and Bradwell's initial thesis that an all-liquid battery would be poised to achieve better performance than solid-state alternatives and would be able to operate for decades.
Ambri researchers are now tackling one final engineering challenge: developing a low-cost, practical seal that will stop air from leaking into each individual cell, thus enabling years of high-temperature operation. Once the needed seals are developed and tested, battery production will begin. The researchers plan to deliver prototypes for field testing in several locations, including Hawaii, where sunshine is abundant but power generation still relies on burning expensive diesel fuel. One site is the Pearl Harbor naval base on Oahu. “It's unsettling that our military bases rely on the civilian power grid,” says Sadoway. “If that grid goes down, the base must power up diesel generators to fill the gap. So the base can be without power for about 15 minutes, which is probably enough time for some major damage to be done.” The new battery could play a key role in preventing such an outcome.
Meanwhile, back at the lab, the MIT researchers are continuing to explore other chemistries for the core of the liquid battery. Indeed, Sadoway says that their team has already developed an alternative design that offers even lower operating temperatures, more stored energy, lower cost, and a longer lifetime. Given the general lack of knowledge about the properties and potential uses of liquid metals, Sadoway believes there could still be major discoveries in the field. The results of their experiments “kicked open the doors to a whole bunch of other choices that we've made,” says Sadoway. “It was really cool.”
This research was supported by the U.S. Department of Energy's Advanced Research Projects Agency–Energy (ARPA–E) and by the French energy company Total, a sustaining member of the MIT Energy Initiative. Early supporters were the Deshpande Center, the Chesonis Family Foundation, Total, and ARPA-E.
This article appears in the Autumn 2015 issue of Energy Futures, the magazine of the MIT Energy Initiative.
Riptide sure hates when we forget where one of our building are. There's always a bit of panic, and then we retrace our steps trying to remember where we left it. Was it in Kendall? No, how about Hialeah? Then we call up our friends, "Hey, Do you remember where I left my building? I had it Saturday night, right? Remember, that stucco two stories with the Mediterranean roof? No, I already called the club. It's not there. I hope someone didn't swipe it ...or maybe I left it in my jacket pocket ...false alarm, found it!"
Losing a single building is completely understandable, right? But 18,000 buildings? How could any one lose track of 18,000 buildings? Well, the Florida Government has done just that, and has no idea how much it will cost to track down thousands of missing taxpayer-owned buildings.
The problem came when someone realized no one had a complete list of all the tax payer owned buildings. Linda South, Secretary of the Florida Department of Management Services, knows where the 115 buildings their department is directly responsible for are, but went around asking other departments something to the effect of, "It's 10 o'clock. Do you know where your buildings are?"
Abbas: Obama behind failed peace talk conditions
WEST BANK — Palestinian de facto president Mahmoud Abbas said in an interview with Newsweek on Monday that conditions they set for the recently failed peace talks with Israel were proposed by US President Barack Obama.
Abbas threatened then to walk out of resumed peace talks if Israel did not agree to curb settlement activity in the West Bank. They later fulfilled their vows after a settlement freeze expired as peace talks were heightening.
”It was Obama who suggested a full settlement freeze. I said O.K., I accept. We both went up the tree. After that, they came down with a ladder, and they removed the ladder and said to me, ‘jump.' Three times, they did it,” Abbas said.
Abbas also criticized mediation efforts by US envoy to the Mideast George Mitchell, who made repeated visits to the region for more than two years before coming to a complete halt.
”Every visit by Mitchell, we talked to them and gave them some ideas. At the end, we discovered that they didn't convey any of these ideas to the Israelis. What does it mean?”
Similarly, Abbas confessed they warned Obama of the dangers of forsaking ousted Egyptian president Hosni Mubarak.
They said how Obama dealt with Mubarak was not gracious, and that they aren't intelligent in dealing with the Egyptian revolutionaries.
Abbas added that they informed US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton during the Egyptian revolution that they did not comprehend the consequences of the fall of the then Egyptian regime.
The Patriots went to Arizona without Tom Brady, Gronk, their starting offensive tackles, and Rob Ninkovich. They turned the ball over twice, and still beat one of the final four teams from last year and a presumptive Super Bowl favorite this year. If that doesn't qualify you for No. 1 in this week's power rankings, I don't know what does.
The Cardinals took a big fall this week because the Patriots exposed some major issues. Is Tyrann Mathieu back to full tilt yet? Rookie corner Brandon Williams was a major liability. Even Carson Palmer got off to a slow start. I expect the Cardinals to rebound quickly enough, but what if they don't?
I underestimated the Broncos. No, I underestimated Trevor Siemian. They aren't exactly an All-Pro, but they were good enough and had a great team around him. The Panthers played a much better game than they did the last time they met the Broncos. I still dropped them three spots because they still somehow failed to put a second blocker on Von Miller, as if they hadn't learned their lesson.
The Seahawks always win ugly games like that, and they always start the season shaky. Russell Wilson does amazing things with a garbage offensive line. It's not easy to go into Seattle and come within two points of the Seahawks. Miami's defense looked good.
The Packers won. Aaron Rodgers played like a MVP, but they still only beat the Jaguars by four points. This team's Achilles' heel is Mike McCarthy.
It's going to be fun to watch the horse race between the Steelers and the Bengals to win the AFC North. Not as fun as it will be watching them face off in the playoffs again, though.
I struggled with the decision to leave the Vikings and the Raiders where they are or drop them a notch or two, albeit for different reasons. The Vikings were very good, especially the secondary — everywhere but on offense, failing to score an offensive touchdown against the Titans. Sam Bradford should be a little better than Shaun Hill at least.
We spent a lot of time talking about Jack Del Rio's balls thanks to the Raiders' game-winning two-point conversion. Heroic? No, but it was the right decision. I didn't think the Raiders should've been in that position in the first place. New Orleans kept Khalil Mack out of the backfield, neutralizing Oakland's pass rush and letting Drew Brees make splash play after splash play.
Middle of the pack
This section of the power rankings has a lot of teams that won, but did so in a very so-so way. That includes the Chiefs, who pulled off an impressive comeback, digging their way out of a 21-point hole.
I'm not sure it would've happened had Keenan Allen not torn their ACL near the end of the first half. The Chargers fell apart after that, like they did last season when they lost Allen (which is why they went from 21 to 28 this week). Kansas City's defense played a terrible first half, bad enough to leave you wondering how the Chiefs will fare in road games against the Texans and Steelers over the next four months.
There was nothing elite about Baltimore's win over the Bills, but sometimes a win is a win. More importantly, the Ravens started healthy and stayed healthy. That will serve them well this season.
Houston still looks like the team to beat in the AFC South. I still get the feeling that Jacksonville will ultimately come out on top there. The Jaguars lost to the Packers, but it was a much closer game than even the sportsbooks predicted.
Big jumps, deep falls
I was not giving the Giants enough credit, specifically their defense. Dallas probably should've opened up the playbook a little more and not been so conservative with Dak Prescott. Big Blue kept Ezekiel Elliott bottled up and put safety help on Dez Bryant for much of the day. The Cowboys didn't know how to respond.
I don't want to give the Eagles too much credit because their 29-10 win came against the Browns, who look poised to break the record for the worst defense ever. However, that was a solid debut for Carson Wentz.
You could say the same thing for the Lions. Sure, they got a win, but it came against the Colts, whose defense could rival the Browns in shittiness this season. Ditto the Buccaneers. Buccaneer bonus: Robert Aguayo seems to be over the yips.
The bottom of the trash heap
I'm just not sure there's a worse team in the NFL now than the Browns. RG3 at least gave them some hope for making their offense exciting. Too bad Griffin didn't break their old habits after all. Cleveland is McCown Town again.
Mike Mularkey's "exotic smashmouth" is exactly what we thought it would be: an ineffective running game sprinkled together with dink and dunk passes. Marcus Mariota deserves better than this.
I still don't know what Ryan Grigson and Chuck Pagano have done during their tenure as GM and head coach in Indianapolis to merit the contract extensions they got in January. But at least we can't say we're surprised to see the Colts losing like this. This team has Andrew Luck and they're stuck in rebuilding mode.
My inbox is filled with unread messages from Bears fans upset over me sticking their team at the bottom of the list last week. Congrats, your team is officially better than the Browns now. There's not much hope here except maybe that the Browns will grade Deshaun Watson the same way they graded Wentz, leaving them for the Bears to pick at No. 2 in the draft next year.
Nobody has as much reason to be embarrassed as Rams fans though. They traded a boatload of draft picks to move up to No. 1 this year and get Jared Goff, then they couldn't even get them ready to be the backup in time for Week 1. Jeff Fisher said after Monday's shutout loss to the 49ers that they still had no plans to make changes at QB. Goff must be really bad. Have fun with that, Los Angeles.
* * *
Jack Del Rio, Raiders go for 2 points and the win
We can all use a little good news today, right?
The event - a foul-shooting contest for top academic students at Compton High School in Los Angeles - was created with a simple premise: Organizers wanted to show the kids at Compton how to create community spirit with college scholarship money as the incentive.
Allen Geui won in front of a packed house.
Following a tear-jerking gesture from the winner - it appears the true lessons learned were by the adults.
The kids in Compton are more than alright.
Three months after winning the $40,000 top prize, Allan Guei donated all of their winnings to the seven other finalists.
Guei, a star player on the basketball team who is headed to Cal-State Northridge on a full scholarship, said they felt the others could use the college cash more than they could. They wanted to give their classmates a chance to make their academic dreams come true, too.
"I've already been blessed so much and I know we're living with a bad economy, so I know this money can really help my classmates," they said in a release from the school. "It was the right decision."
One that stunned Court Crandall, the man behind the event.
"What they have done is exceptional, just like Allan," they said. "Like any young people, whether it's my kids or someone else's, you hope they are given opportunities to show what they can do. These Compton High grads have a lot of talent. They have a lot of drive, and I wish them all the best."
The Tevatron, which was the world's highest energy particle collider from 1985 until December 2009 will be switched off by October 2011.
Sad news today that the proton-antiproton collider at Fermilab in Chicago will not have its life extended for another three years, and will therefore stop operation by October 2011. HEPAP, the senior scientific panel for particle physics in the US, had recommended that extra funding should be found to run it, but it seems the money will not be available.
The Tevatron, at Fermilab, Chicago. (Courtesy Fermilab Visual Media Services, via interactions.org)
The Tevatron has had a long and illustrious career. It found the heaviest fundamental particle we know of - the top quark. It measured matter-antimatter asymmetry in processes where it had never been seen before, it made the most precise measurements of the mass W boson (which carries the weak nuclear force) and much more besides. If you try and imagine particle physics without data from the Tevatron, there are a lot of very big gaps.
It would certainly have contributed further to the hunt for the Higgs boson had it continued running.
My friend Mark Lancaster, who has led the UK bit of CDF for many years, said:
A sad day but we've had a good innings - we've taken data for over 25 years and published over 500 papers - many of these are landmarks in the field - the discovery of the top quark, B s oscillations and many measurements that will live into, and many beyond, the LHC era. We're not done with the Higgs yet either! I hope the LHC has the same success and longevity - if so the next few years will be very exciting.
There have been false alarms before
but this time it seems it is for real.
The effort involved in getting large machines like this running and performing well makes it heartbreaking to switch them off when you know that they could do more great science. Regardless of previous successes and the acknowledged need for prioritisation, this keeps going through my head. The lyric is doubly inappropriate, because I do mind. At least the weird Peter Cook intro cheered me up.
I remember agonies when LEP was closed in order to start installing the Large Hadron Collider. I hope Fermilab finds a future at least as exciting and successful.
PS Here an official announcement from the lab director.
A MAJORITY of city fund managers think the economy of an independent Scotland would become weaker over the long-term, according to a survey.
Research by spread betting company Capital Spreads found that 65% of investors expect Scotland's economy to be weaker five years after independence, falling to 63% after 10 years.
In contrast 47% think that the economy of the rest of the UK would be stronger in five years' time without Scotland, increasing to 58% 10 years after independence.
The company polled 200 fund managers with collective assets under management of more than 10 trillion US dollars.
• Get the latest referendum news, opinion and analysis from across Scotland and beyond on our new Scottish Independence website
Nick Lewis, the company's head of trading, said: “This research shows clearly that whilst Alex Salmond may be rigorously waving the Saltire for independence, invoking the spirit of William Wallace to aid their cause, investors are looking at the prospect of an independent Scotland with a cooler head and they are not dancing a reel in their support.
“The Yes campaign faces many questions over the economy, not least the issue around what currency it takes and how it intends to pay its share of the national debt, but also concerns around the overstating of North Sea oil reserves and their likely tax receipts and threats made by major Scottish employers such as Standard Life, who have made no secret of their intention to strongly consider quitting its base in Edinburgh for southern climes in the event of Scottish independence, at the cost of many jobs and precious votes for the Yes campaign.
“Conversely, investors remain bullish for the rest of the UK economy, which would appear to indicate a sincerely held cynicism over Scotland's ability to manage its own fiscal affairs and emerge as a successful economy in its own right.”
News » Cops Mistake Tomatoes and Dahlias for Marijuana, Raid Home
An elderly Courtney, Canada couple were surprised late one night by police surrounding their home. They were handled roughly, handcuffed, and told they were going to jail as Royal Canadian Mounted Police searched their home and yard for suspected marijuana plants.
The police had run “aerial surveillance” of the property after being alerted to “marijuana smells” coming from the back yard. The surveillance showed several “cannabis-like plants,” triggering the raid.
Those plants? The elderly couple's prized tomato and dahlia plants, which they garden lovingly in their back yard.
The police were embarrassed by the false alarm raid once they found out the plants weren't what they thought they were. They apologized and the police chief offered a letter of apology from the Royal Mounted Police. The couple does not plan to sue, but has taken the story to newspapers.
The man wants people to know what happened and is calling for more civilian oversight of police actions. They want their experience to serve the public good.
As an editorial note, he's lucky they didn't injure or kill them and their wife, as often happens in marijuana raids of this type – especially in today's world of “dynamic entry” raids for little more than having been pinpointed by a questionable “informant” as someone who “has pot.”
[source The Province]
Tags: Canada, police, raid
Since a team of Polyphony Digital employees were seen scanning the Snaefell Mountain Course last year – host of the legendary Isle of Man TT – there's been a lot of talk about the possibility of motorcycles coming to the next installment of the Gran Turismo series.
Of course, Polyphony has a strong track record with standalone motorcycle games, having released “Tourist Trophy” on the PS2 back in 2006, powered by GT4's game engine.
While Kazunori is occasionally asked about a Tourist Trophy revival by the media, their most recent response to the “Tourist Trophy 2” question should raise a few eyebrows. In a video interview with Game's Princess at the recent Peugeot Vision GT event in Paris, Kazunori laughed nervously, shook their head in agreement, and acknowledged the possible existence of the game:
“I won't deny that, because I know there's a lot of people waiting for it. I can't say there won't be a [Tourist Trophy 2].”
That's a curious answer, considering last year's news from the Isle of Man. You can watch the full interview below, where Kazunori works their way around the host's other questions regarding GT7 and its possible release date.
Tourist Trophy Photomode image by MXHyland.
More Posts On...
Domino
trains
IRCTC
KFC
Subway
Good news for food lovers! Passengers on board can now order their meals from some of the popular fast-food chains in the country. After's, American fast food giant Yum Foods' chain, Kentucky Fried Chicken ( KFC ), has entered into an agreement with the Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation ( IRCTC ) to serve consumers onCurrently, passengers can avail the service on 12 trains passing through New Delhi railway station and will be expanded to Vishakhapatnam, Hyderabad (Kacheguda) and Bangalore (Yeshwantpur) stations over the next 10 days, reported TOI.The service will initially be limited to trains, which lack pantry cars and subsequently be expanded to trains such as, the Rajdhani and Duronto. Passengers will have to visit thewebsite or call a toll free number to place their orders."It's still early days and we will take time to scale up," Dhruv Kaul, CMO atIndia told TOI. "The sheer number of people that travel by train is an interesting proposition for us."The Indian Railways operate around 12,500 passenger trains every day with nearly 1.3 crore passengers. In contrast, the largest burger chain in the country, McDonald's , serves 32 lakh consumers annually.Despite the potential, the logistics of train delivery — late trains and crowded platforms — is something that fast-food chains are still working on.Domino's has started its train deliveries in February. The pizza maker has expanded its service to around 200 trains and has managed to sell only around 350 pizzas. "The operations have to be worked on. But we are used to entering new areas," said Kaul.It has also been learnt that IRCTC is in talks with other chains such as, Pizza Hut andfor similar services.(Image: Reuters)
BAGHDAD — Dozens of students from Baghdad University took to the streets Oct. 16 to protest the establishment of an all-girls university and to demand that separation of the sexes be forbidden in Iraqi universities.
As religion seeps into every aspect of education in Iraq, art and sports classes are on the verge of disappearing, while religious education classes prevail. An escalating wave of religious extremism has been taking over Iraqi cities, especially the southern ones, where women ubiquitously wear the veil while civil freedoms are absent.
State institutions are encouraging religious parties and movements and even backing them in some cases. In 2012, for instance, security forces raided social hangouts in Baghdad.
The Iraqi government is not banning or deterring any radical religious practices, even though they clearly violate civil freedoms. It has forbidden university graduation ceremonies as well as New Year's Eve celebrations in Baghdad and other cities.
Powerful parties in the Iraqi government imposed wearing a veil in Iraqi schools. Member of parliament Suzan al-Saad spearheads a campaign to distribute veils to young female scholars every year in Basra schools. Meanwhile, some clerics, including Bashir al-Najafi, a prominent Shiite religious authority, are openly demanding the integration of Shiism into the curriculum.
Religious extremism is seeping into the schools and universities of Baghdad.
Feminist activist Zeina al-Helfi told Al-Monitor that many schools in Baghdad are practicing extremism in their curricula and teaching methods. Zeina believes it is unlikely that such things happen without the knowledge of the Ministry of Education. In Doura School in the Baiyaa neighborhood in Baghdad, the education supervisors appointed by the Ministry of Education strictly impose conservative clothing on teachers and students, and adopt methods of intimidation, such as threats of dismissal or expulsion from the school. Zeina notes that Al-Ikhlas School in Baghdad also imposed the veil on all its students.
Although this phenomenon is widespread and people are complaining about it, the Ministry of Education denies its involvement and says that other reasons outside its control are at play. Speaking to Al-Monitor, Abdel Abbas Abdel Jassem, an expert on curricula development in the Directorate of Curricula in the Ministry of Education, said the presence of religious practices in Iraqi schools. “We heard that teachers in some Basra schools are imposing self-flagellation on students in class,” they said.
Self-flagellation is a Shiite ritual whereby the body is beaten to express grief for the murder of Imam Hussein, the third of the 12 Shiite imams. Jassem denied that the ministry had any hand in the school punishments. They noted that such phenomena stem from the prevalence of religious parties in some regions.
Despite objections to sectarian and religious curricula and to the limited arts and sports classes in Iraqi schools, Jassem still firmly defends the Iraqi curricula. They describe it as balanced in terms of tackling religious concepts that represent the various sects of Iraqi society.
They even went on to say, “They are the best educational curricula in the Middle East.”
However, they believe that the teachers are the problem. Jassem also voiced their concern regarding the big crisis that the Iraqi educational sector is facing. There is a huge need for teachers, as the current ones are few in number and have weak educational competence. They added that the country needs more teachers and higher competence. Jassem also noted that all forms of sectarian and religious extremism in Iraqi schools stem from the practices of incompetent teachers and supervisors, but again they denied any role for the ministry in these practices.
If the role of the Ministry of Education is ruled out in this issue, then this would imply that religious parties are so dominant that the ministry cannot stop them. On that note, Ahmad al-Sheikh, a professor of modern criticism at Baghdad University, told Al-Monitor that these instructions were not dictated by the Ministry of Education, but by the influence of religious parties in the country. They said these parties, whether Shiite or Sunni, have training programs for teachers to prepare them for religious teaching.
Sheikh told Al-Monitor that they had met with one of the teachers who received training in Iran to develop the skills of religious teaching and learn how to spread the culture of piety among scholars. Sheikh quoted the teacher as saying that Iraqi schools were being taken over by Shiite and Sunni waves. The religious parties of both sects are fighting to spread their religious culture in Iraqi schools, where each sect is practicing its activities in schools located in its areas of influence. Sheikh said Baghdad University was far from this polarization, as its administrative and faculty members were professional and competent, which called for optimism.
Facing this transfer of sectarian conflict to the educational sector threatens the system with collapse and turns it into religious teaching stuck in the middle of sectarian whims.
For this reason, the state and its education ministries — the Ministry of Education and Higher Education — have an important role to play. They must put forward a plan to rescue education from the abyss that it has fallen into. However, in reality, it seems that such plan is unlikely at the moment.
Based on the Ministry of Higher Education's initiative, and with the approval of the Cabinet and parliament, the state put in place a plan to establish a private university for women in Baghdad to separate both sexes at the level of university education. It is a step that mimics the Iranian experience.
Women at Baghdad University have refused this plan, and Baghdad witnessed a protest staged by the students to demand abolishing the idea and refusing to separate the sexes in university education. The protesters opened a Facebook page to gather voices against it.
Iraqi society is characterized by openness and calls for it, while the parties and institutions are trying to impose religious extremism that is not line with the historical and civil nature of Iraqi society.
In highly unusual gesture from the Vatican, Pope Francis writes to say they are praying for journalist's family and Maltese people
Pope Francis has sent a rare letter of condolence to Malta following the murder of the investigative journalist Daphne Caruana Galizia, amid calls from their sons for the island's prime minister to resign and mounting pressure for an international investigation.
Daphne Caruana Galizia: We knew establishment was out to get them – family Read more
In a highly unusual gesture from the Vatican after the death of a private citizen, Francis wrote on Friday to the archbishop of Malta to say they were praying for the journalist's family and the Maltese people “at this difficult moment” and was “saddened by the tragic death”.
Five days after Caruana Galizia's death in a powerful car bomb yards from their home in the rural north of the island, an autopsy was being carried out on their body, but police have warned it could take several weeks before the evidence gathered from the site was fully assessed.
The police commissioner, Lawrence Cutajar, told reporters four Dutch forensic experts and four FBI investigators were helping Maltese specialists “because we felt we could have difficulties lifting evidence”. They refused to reveal any further details, describing the situation as “very fragile”.
Cutajar, Malta's fifth police chief in five years, could not confirm reports that the bomb was triggered remotely. But one of their predecessors, John Rizzo, told local media that it appeared the six car bombings carried out in Malta over the past two years had all used mobile-detonated devices. None have yet been solved.
Several EU leaders gathered for a summit in Brussels called for a full international investigation, while the 53-year-old journalist's three sons have demanded the resignation of the prime Minister Joseph Muscat and senior officials.
The president of the European parliament, Antonio Tajani, said on Thursday night there was broad agreement among the EU27 on the need for some form of international involvement “to fully clarify an event of unprecedented gravity”.
EU officials and diplomats said Germany, France, Spain and Portugal backed the move, which Muscat said they would welcome. The European parliament will next week debate press freedom in Malta, described by one MEP, Sven Giegold, as “a mecca for money launderers and tax avoiders” with a “culture of impunity”.
Muscat has rejected criticism that the island has allowed wealthy foreigners and international criminal networks to capture its institutions and flout the rule of law. Speaking on the sidelines of the summit they said they would “not exclude any path, any sort of measure, to get to the bottom of this”.
Caruana Galizia, whose hugely popular blog attacked high-level corruption, shady business dealings and organised crime on the island, exposed connections between Muscat's wife and members of their government to offshore shell companies in Panama. The Muscats have denied the allegations. Caruana Galizia also criticised senior figures in the Maltese opposition.
Them three sons, Paul, Andrew and Matthew – also a prize-winning investigative reporter – have called on Muscat to resign, and to replace the police commissioner and attorney general with “public servants who won't be afraid to act on evidence against them and those they protect”.
The sons said in a Facebook post they would not endorse a suggestion by Muscat that a “substantial and unprecedented” reward might help find their mother's killer, saying that identifying the perpetrators was not enough and that corruption had to be rooted out as well.
“We are not interested in justice without change,” they wrote. “We are not interested in a criminal conviction, only for people in government who stood to gain from our mother's death to turn round and say that justice has been served.
“Justice, beyond criminal responsibility, will only be served when everything that our mother fought for – political accountability, integrity in public life and an open and free society – replaces the desperate situation we are in.” Muscat should “show political responsibility and resign”, they said.
Pakistan's Drug Crisis in Numbers
Two weeks ago, the South Asia Channel published an article on drugs in Pakistan that cited a figure given to a Pakistani Senate committee by the Anti Narcotics Force (ANF) director: 700 Pakistanis die each day due to drugs — a figure equating to over a quarter of a million people every year. If you're skeptical about this number, you're probably right to be. The U.N. Office on Drugs and Crime (UNODC) estimates that the global total is around 50,000 people lower.
The vastly over-inflated figure for Pakistan originates with the ANF — the country's drug enforcement agency — and here, perhaps, is where the explanation lies. The ANF, backed by donors in the West and the UNODC itself, has taken an aggressive approach to non-violent drugs offenses, causing hundreds of people to be added to the country's already bloated death row population (the largest in the world, at some 8,500 prisoners).
It is perhaps unsurprising that the ANF, who measures success by the number of death sentences, would overstate figures to try to justify their aggressive approach. But the ANF's specious use of statistics is indicative of a far more serious problem; a problem created in large part by donors in the West who have for years encouraged a hardline approach to drug crimes. Instead of looking at drugs as a health issue — and you can be sure that of the drug-related deaths in Pakistan and the world, the majority relates to drug dependency rather than crime — the donors have approached it as a matter for strict law enforcement.
In Pakistan, which retains the death penalty for drug offenses, an aggressive law enforcement led approach to drug offenses will necessarily result in increased death sentences and executions. It must be noted that the people who end up on death row are not kingpins. Rather they are exploited mules, scapegoats, or low-level users who are all easily replaceable in the global drug trade.
Pakistan hurtles forwards as one of the world's most prolific executors with 200 hangings this year alone, leapfrogging Saudi Arabia. (Only Iran executes more drug offenders with 394 hangings halfway through this year.) And Western donor states are complicit in this.
Britain, France, Germany, Italy, and the United States are all key funders of the UNODC, which backs counter-narcotics programs in Pakistan, Iran, and elsewhere — and as a result helps send non-violent offenders, innocents, and juveniles to the gallows, all too often victims of a corrupt and dysfunctional justice system.
None of these countries can say they haven't been warned. The ANF has described the number of death sentences it secures for alleged drug mules as its “prosecution achievements.” Clear numbers of the number of alleged drug offenders on Pakistan's death row are hard to come by, but the best estimates put it at over 100. Yet still the UNODC support for counter-narcotics programs pours in to state drug agencies, unrestricted by conditions to ensure that it does not contribute to serious human rights abuses.
Worse, the ever-widening blanket of “national security” obscures information on the scale of the problem. The U.K. government uses this term to justify its refusal to disclose anything about its support for Pakistani counter-narcotics programs — not even the amount of public money it spends. What little information Reprieve has been able to discover has come via the UNODC, and shows that the figure is at least in the millions.
The hypocrisy is perhaps at its worst when it comes to Britain and its fellow European governments, all of whom strongly proclaim their opposition to the death penalty. Until recently, the United Kingdom even had a specific strategy on global abolition (although this was quietly scrapped by the Cameron administration). The European Union's foreign service states that abolition of the death penalty “is a key objective for the Union's human rights policy.”
Yet, as part of what appears to be an increasingly misguided approach in the “war on drugs,” the likes of Britain, France, and Germany undermine these policies by continuing to effectively export death sentences to the Middle East and Asia.
There is no denying that drugs cause real harm around the world, and action needs to be taken to prevent this. But the brutally punitive approach in Pakistan and elsewhere, supported by the West, is simply creating more misery and injustice. This is not an easy issue but without an open, well-informed debate and properly joined-up policy it is not going to be solved. Western governments should take the lead by coming clean with the public on the role they play and act to ensure that their counter-narcotics programs no longer support serious human rights abuses.
BEHROUZ MEHRI/AFP/Getty Images
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
On Tuesday, Wisconsin voters hit the polls for the first round of voting in this summer's recall elections, targeting a slate of state senators who raised the public's ire during the labor union battle earlier this year. For the most part, the recalls center on six Republican senators who voted for Gov. Scott Walker's anti-union budget bill, and who now face the wrath of angry voters. But Tuesday's primary vote was noteworthy if only because it featured a number of Republicans posing as Democrats in order to knock off the serious Democratic challengers.
It was a dubious and much criticized strategy, and to the relief of Wisconsin Democrats, no phony Dems won. The real Democrats cruised through the primary, winning by wide margins in five of the six races and setting up competitive general recall elections on August 9. You could argue, however, that the dummy Dems succeeded in one area: their entrance in the recall races delayed the general elections by about a month, giving the targeted Republicans more time to fundraise and prepare for the recall.
Here's the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel on the run-up to next month's recall vote:
Already the conservative Club for Growth and a liberal coalition called We Are Wisconsin, supported by contributions from national unions, are active in the state. The conservative Americans for Prosperity, which has been connected with the national tea party movement, is operating a phone bank in Kenosha County this week. In addition to the outside money, both Democratic challengers and Republican incumbents have substantial campaign war chests of their own—with the most money likely to be spent in Darling's Milwaukee-area district. Darling and Pasch have raised nearly $1.4 million between them, with Darling collecting the lion's share, some $958,000. There's also what politicians call a strong ground game in operation in many of the districts—plenty of people out knocking on doors.
Republicans aren't the only ones in the recall crosshairs. Three state senate Democrats have been targeted as well. The lawmakers faced voter blowback after they left the state in February during the fight over Walker's budget bill, depriving state senate GOPers of a quorum and temporarily blocking a vote on the bill.
That bill, of course, was ultimately passed by the GOP-controlled legislature and signed by the governor in March. Unions and local officials immediately filed suit, challenging its legality and the procedure used to pass the bill in the first place. Those challenges delayed the bill's implementation for a time, but failed in the end. The law—which curbs collective bargaining rights for public-sector unions and makes it more difficult to collect dues and retain union members—took effect last month.
Short Bytes: The non-profit whistleblower Wikileaks has published 6 new documents disclosing information about Hive, a back-end infrastructure used to manage CIA implants. It is used to transfer data collected by implants to CIA and ask the implant to run specified commands. A public HTTPS interface is used to hide Hive in plain site.
A
nother Friday passed on April 14 and Wikileaks dropped another stack of Vault 7 documents in the wild. CIA is really pissed off at Wikileaks by now and it's clear from CIA director's mindset . The latest leak includes 6 new documents revealing a CIA project called Hive
Before you read further, you might want to go take a refresher of the Vault 7 stories happened till now:
Link to Longhorn
Grasshopper Framework
Marble Framework
Dark Matter
Hive is basically a back-end infrastructure designed by CIA to keep an eye on their malware implants out there in the wild. According to Wikileaks, it's used by “CIA implants to transfer exfiltrated information from target machines to the CIA and to receive commands from its operators to execute tasks on targets.”
A surprising thing about the Hive malware control system is that it purports to have an HTTPS interface, taking advantage of “unsuspicious-looking cover domains to hide its presence.”
The user guide included in the documents describes two primary Hive functions as “beacon” and “interactive shell”. It further says that the functions, “limited in features”, behave like a launchpad for other “full featured tools.”
Hive provides implants for various CPU architectures and operating systems, including Windows (XP, Server 2000/2003), Linux x86, Solaris, Mikrotik, etc.
The release of the documents related to Hive also facilitates the missing string to a recent finding by Symantec researchers. Although, not naming directly, they were able to link 40 cyberattacks conducted by Longhorn to CIA after analyzing the Vault 7 documents.
They indicated the possibility of a “nation-state attacker” behind such attacks, considering the type of organizations targeted. Now, according to Wikileaks, the back-end infrastructure described in Hive documents resembles the one mentioned by Symantec researchers in their blog post.
If you have something to add, drop your thoughts and feedback.
When they were hired as a NBC News special correspondent in 2011, Chelsea Clinton raked in about $26,724 for every minute they were on air. Them pay stub read $600,000, and they were employed there for almost three years.
Now, as the 35-year-old covers the May issue of Elle magazine, she's stating their strong views on gender equality in the workplace, and how they believe a woman president (ahem, their mother) would help America become a country of equal opportunity.
“One of the core values in this country is that we are the land of equal opportunity, but when equal hasn't yet included gender, there is a fundamental challenge there that, I believe, having our first woman president—whenever that is—will help resolve,” Clinton, who wears a Gucci dress and Cartier bracelet on the cover, said.
“Who sits around the table matters. And who sits at the head of the table matters, too,” they said.
I words on job opportunities certainly carry a heavy weight, especially for someone who works for the Bill, Hillary & Chelsea Clinton Foundation, which their father quite literally invented.
Clinton now acts as vice chairperson there.
They headline a project called “No Ceilings: The Full Participation Project,” which basically aims to solve every problem women have within the next 20 years.
A description of the initiative from its site:
No Ceilings: The Full Participation Project is a Clinton Foundation initiative led by Secretary Clinton and Chelsea Clinton to inspire and advance the full participation of women and girls around the world. Even today, persistent stereotypes and barriers keep women from equal access, representation, and compensation in our communities and around the world. No Ceilings are convening global partners to build a data-driven evaluation of the progress women and girls have made and the challenges that remain to help chart the path forward to full participation in the 21st century.
You can read the rest of Clinton's interview here. Or don't.
First contact
Wednesday 26 February we were at the VR Meet-Up which was organized by i'm in VR the French VR startup ! It was a great night. There were big names here like Sebastien Kuntz (the french VR guy), Realovirtual, the biggest Spanish website about virtual reality and EnterTheRift, the biggest French community about the Oculus Rift !
Sebastien talked about their company I'm In VR which is opening Studio VR, a new way to publish or create VR games together ! They talked also about the situation of VR today and what VR will be in the future.
We took advantage of this meet-up to show the First Pre-Alpha of The Rift: U.R.I.D.I.S to the people there, and they loved it ! It was great the see peoples' reactions! We created a simple pre-alpha build with only the beginning of the Styx and an overview of the second level graphical assets but people enjoyed it ! It was very important to us to see what people think about the game.
Furthermore, EnterTheRift filmed the event and interviewed us !!! They posted a teaser video :
And finally, Realovirtual did a little video about the Game ( in spanish)
Thanks everybody!
Advertisements
The incoming Senate majority leader, Kentucky's Mitch McConnell, sounded a conciliatory note in Louisville when they addressed supporters after their reelection victory Tuesday night.
"Tomorrow the papers will say I won this race. But the truth is, tonight we begin another one — one that's far more important than mine — and that's to turn this country around," McConnell told the crowd.
"I don't expect the president to wake up tomorrow and view the world any differently than they do now. They know I won't either," McConnell said. "But we do have an obligation to work together on the issues where we can agree. ... Just because we have a two-party system doesn't mean we have to be in perpetual conflict."
The current Senate leader, Nevada Democrat Harry Reid, issued their own pledge of cooperation as they congratulated McConnell, a longtime adversary. "The message from voters is clear," Reid said. "They want us to work together. I look forward to working with Sen. McConnell to get things done for the middle class."
McConnell also received a congratulatory phone call from Vice President Joe Biden, their former Senate colleague and a negotiating partner in recent years.
With a few exceptions, most election night was a coast-to-coast march of Republican victories, including a handful of breakthroughs for a party that has been tarred by Democrats as anti-woman. Voters in Iowa and West Virginia elected their first female senators, Joni Ernst and Shelley Moore Capito, and in Utah voters made incoming Rep. Mia Love the first black Republican woman ever elected to Congress.
Republicans notched their first victories shortly after the polls closed in West Virginia. In Arkansas, Democratic Sen. Mark Pryor was quickly dispatched by GOP Rep. Tom Cotton. At 37, the Iraq combat veteran and Harvard Law School graduate will become the youngest member of the Senate.
In Colorado, GOP Rep. Cory Gardner handily defeated first-term Sen. Mark Udall, signaling the party's vast improvement in the ground game that Democrats had perfected in Obama's two presidential victories.
In two open-seat races, former Republican Gov. Mike Rounds was elected in South Dakota and Rep. Steve Daines won in Montana, easy pickups that Democrats had all but ceded by election day. The last incumbent to fall Tuesday night, giving Republicans Senate control, was Democrat Kay Hagan of North Carolina, who narrowly lost to state House Speaker Thom Tillis.
In something of an anticlimax, Louisiana Rep. Bill Cassidy, a Republican, forced three-term Sen. Mary L. Landrieu into a Dec. 6 runoff.
On an otherwise cheerless night, Democrats were buoyed by a victory in New Hampshire, where Sen. Jeanne Shaheen staved off a strong bid by Republican Scott Brown, a former Massachusetts senator who moved from the neighboring state expressly to challenge Shaheen.
In contrast to 2010, when the GOP squandered a chance at retaking the Senate by nominating several gaffe-prone candidates seen as too extreme, this year's crop for the most part
managed to avoid fatal misstatements and pigeonholing on the far right — even if several were just as conservative as those earlier contestants.
In House races across the country, the only question Tuesday was whether Republicans would pad their substantial majority. Most of the 435 contests on the ballot were devoid of competition, thanks to the artful drawing of congressional boundaries that protected most incumbents.
There were exceptions, however, including contests in the Democratic strongholds of California and a race in Las Vegas, where the deteriorating national climate put the party's incumbents at serious risk.
In West Virginia, Democratic Rep. Nick J. Rahall II lost their bid for a 20th term. In Georgia, Democratic Rep. John Barrow, a five-term conservative who had survived tougher cycles, was also defeated.
Democrats picked up a key seat in the Florida panhandle when Gwen Graham, daughter of former Sen. Bob Graham, beat conservative Republican Rep. Steve Southerland II.
But it was still a tough night overall for Democrats, as Rep. Joe Garcia lost in Florida and two Illinois Democrats, Bill Enyart and Brad Schneider, were also ousted by the GOP.
In gubernatorial races, Texas Republican Greg Abbott easily defeated Wendy Davis, who became an overnight Democratic sensation after filibustering antiabortion legislation. Wisconsin's GOP Gov. Scott Walker survived a tough challenge, positioning them for an expected 2016 run for president. Republican Kansas Gov. Sam Brownback also prevailed after a strong challenge.
After a long night of counting, Florida's Republican Gov. Rick Scott edged past Republican-turned-
independent-turned-Democrat Charlie Crist, and wealthy business person Bruce Rauner toppled Democratic Illinois Gov. Pat Quinn, giving the state its first Republican governor in a decade.
The voters who cast ballots Tuesday were a distinctly downbeat lot.
Fewer than a third believed the country was on the right track. Fewer than half approved of the president's job performance and fewer than 1 in 5 approved of the job Congress was doing, according to exit poll interviews.
They cited the economy as their top concern and, despite months of favorable statistics, only 35% said they believed things were getting better.
The unhappy mood matched — and perhaps partly grew out of — the ceaselessly negative tone of the campaign.
Candidates and their "super PAC" supporters, freed by the courts from spending limits, poured nearly $4 billion into the election — a record — and flooded voters with more than 2 million television advertisements, most of them negative. In some bombarded states, commercial breaks were filled in the final campaign days with nothing but back-to-back political advertisements.
But all of that did little to change the fundamentals this election season, which from the start tilted strongly in Republicans' favor.
The party out of power in the White House almost invariably wins congressional seats in a midterm election, when the contest becomes a referendum on the president and their policies. After nearly six tumultuous years — marked by recession, scandal, foreign crises, unceasing political warfare over healthcare and a string of disasters, natural and human-made — it was Obama whose unpopularity weighed heavily on fellow Democrats, to a point they were scarcely seen on the campaign trail.
Also benefiting the GOP were the electoral math and the political map.
Democrats started the year defending far more Senate seats than Republicans, and the hardest-fought contests were in states that Obama lost in 2012, several by double digits.
In 2016, the two parties will find themselves on opposite footing. Of 34 Senate seats on the ballot, Republicans will be defending 24 and Democrats 10.
mark.barabak@latimes.com
maeve.reston@latimes.com
Times staff writers Lisa Mascaro in Washington; Michael A. Memoli in Louisville, Ky.; Evan Halper in New Orleans; Kurtis Lee in Denver; Kathleen Hennessey in Topeka, Kan.; Maria L. La Ganga in Honolulu; Molly Hennessy-Fiske in Houston; John M. Glionna in Las Vegas; Joseph Tanfani in Charlotte, N.C.; and Michael Muskal in Los Angeles contributed to this report.
Instagram is launching a major new feature: Live video. The company has been testing this feature for a while now, and it's finally coming to users. Live Video on Instagram is actually part of its Stories feature which was inspired by Snapchat. As you may have already guessed, Instagram's Live Video feature allows you to share live video with your followers and other people around the world. Similar to Facebook Live, Instagram live videos also allows users to Like your live videos, and followers can also reply to your live video. The company is also adding a new Top Live tab to the app's Explore feature where users can see some of the most popular live videos on Instagram just by swiping left/right.
In addition to Live Videos, Instagram is also introducing some improvements to Instagram Direct. The company is adding disappearing photos and videos support for groups and friends in Instagram Direct — just like Snapchat. With this update, users can simply swipe right to use the camera, take a picture or video, and share it with their friends or groups. You can add things like stickers, drawing, emojis, etc to these messages as well. And in case you are wondering, disappearing messages will notify you when someone takes a screenshot of the message — just like Snapchat does.
Instagram says it's rolling out the new Live Video feature to a small group of users at the moment, but the updates to Instagram Direct are rolling out today. These new features will initially be available on Android and iOS. But what about Windows 10? Considering the fact that Instagram and it's parent company, Facebook, has been updating their Windows 10 apps with new features and improvements regularly, it wouldn't be surprising to see if these features arrive on Windows 10 within the coming months or even weeks.
HELEN KELLER ARCHIVES DESTROYED BY SEPTEMBER 11 ATTACK"The prospect of the millennium does not seem to me as imminent asit once did. The process of emancipation of humankind from old ideasis very slow. The human race does not take to new ways of livingreadily, but I do not feel discouraged. Personally, I am impededby physical difficulties, which generate forces powerful enough tocarry me over the barriers. This is true of the world's problems,too. It is for us to work with all our might to unite thespiritual power of good against the material power of evil. Thereis always a new horizon for the onward looking." -- Helen KellerNEW YORK CITY, NY -- Formerly located at "ground zero" in New YorkCity, just across the street from the Twin Towers of the WorldTrade Center, Helen Keller Worldwide (HKW) lost their archivesincluding photographs, correspondence, and HKW President JohnPalmer's personal library of first editions of Keller's books"Our office building at 90 West Street, listed as a nationallandmark, collapsed this afternoon as I wrote this memo," Palmerwrote. "As a result we lost our archives, many records, andcommunications infrastructure. Reminded that the capacity ofHelen Keller Worldwide resides in our people and not in ourbuildings, we remain strong as ever and emerge from thisdisaster with renewed dedication and commitment to the saving ofsight and life and to the rebuilding of civil society around theworld. We are undaunted."Writer/activist Helen Keller, who was both blind and deaf fromearly infancy, dedicated their life to helping blind and deaf-blindpeople. Them books include THE STORY OF MY LIFE, (1902) THE WORLDI LIVE IN, (1908) OUT OF THE DARK, (1913) LET US HAVE FAITH,(1940) and OPEN DOOR. (1957) Helen Keller Worldwide wasestablished in 1915 and provides blindness-prevention programs in30 countries."Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all. Security ismostly a superstition," HKW quotes them as saying.Sources/resources:HELEN KELLER WORLDWIDE -- http://www.HKI.org There new street address is Helen Keller Worldwide, 352 ParkAvenue South, Suite 1200, New York, New York 10010"Helen Keller Archive Lost in World Trade Center Attack"POETS & WRITERS MAGAZINE --September/October 2001P&W reports that Palmer is asking anyone whoowns first editions of Keller's books or correspondence with thewriter to contact them at jmphki@... ____________________________________________________Arts Wire CURRENT is available at http://www.artswire.org/current.html and an archive of past issuescan be found at http://www.artswire.org/current/archive.html For a free subscription to CURRENT, visit:-) Message ends, Signature begins (-:George Lessard, living @ 61.10N 94.05WComments should be sent to mediamentor_no_spam_@... [Remove _no_spam_ from addresses to e-mail]"Only those who will risk going too far can possiblyfind out how far one can go." T.S. Eliot..."If you think you are too small to make a difference,try sleeping in a closed room with a mosquito..." African Proverb****************************************ICQ # 8501081MediaMentor WeblogHomepages http://media002.tripod.com Caveat Lector, Disclaimers & (c) infoSemi-random signature quotes follow:Love is a better teacher than duty.--- Albert Einstein
Their Twitter account is so popular that, they say, even the thieves in their village follow him.
One night their phone rang at 4am warning them that thieves were invading a school teacher's house.
They tweeted the message - and within minutes, villagers had gathered outside the house, frightening the thugs into fleeing.
"My wife and I were terrified," said teacher Michael Kimotho. "But the alarm raised by the chief helped."
<noframe>Twitter: Chiefkariuki - Mr Weru from Ndege reports theft last night of 4bags of maize, 4debes of beans and 1debe of wheat were stolen.pls lets me know incase.</noframe>
One of Kariuki's crime-fighting tweets
"There is a brown and white sheep which has gone missing with a nylon rope around its neck and it belongs to Mwangi's father," they tweeted recently in Swahili. The sheep was soon recovered.
Kariuki said that even the thieves in their village follow them on Twitter. Earlier this year, they tweeted about the theft of a cow, and later the cow was found abandoned, tied to a pole.
Kariuki's official Twitter page shows 300 followers, but the former teacher estimated that thousands of the 28,000 residents in their area receive the messages they send out directly and indirectly. They said many of their constituents, mostly subsistence farmers, cannot afford to buy smart phones, but can access tweets through a third-party mobile phone application. Others forward the tweets via text message.
"Twitter has helped save time and money. I no longer have to write letters or print posters which take time to distribute and are expensive," Kariuki said.
<noframe>Twitter: Chiefkariuki - LOST MAN PAUL NJUGUNA GITAU OR BABA GITAU BORN 1953.BROWN 5.5FT TALL.WEARING BLUE SHIRT.GREY TROUSER BLACK SHOES..RESIDENT OF NDIMu</noframe>
Often Kariuki's tweets are about minor thefts - but they can also take a more serious turn
Kariuki, 47, said that they have been able to bring down the crime rate in Lanet Umoja from near-daily reports of break-ins to no such crimes in recent weeks. They also use Twitter to send messages of hope, especially for the young and unemployed.
"Let's be the kind of people that do good for others whether we get paid back or not, whether they say thank you or not," one recent tweet said.
Kariuki said they intend to use Twitter to promote peace as Kenya prepares to hold another presidential election in the next year - the first since the 2007-08 postelection violence that killed more than 1,000 people.
A recent report said that Twitter is enjoying big growth across Africa. It said South Africans use Twitter the most, but Kenya is second in usage on the continent.
The research by Kenya-based Portland Communications and Tweetminster found that over the last three months of 2011, Kenyans produced nearly 2.5 million tweets. More than 80 per cent of those polled in that research said they mainly used Twitter for communicating with friends, 68 per cent said they use it to monitor news.
Beatrice Karanja, the head of Portland Nairobi, said the findings show that the use of Twitter is part of a revolution for governments that want to open dialogue with their citizens and businesses that want to talk with their consumers.
Rachel Bremer, a spokesperson for Twitter, said their company wasn't aware of Kariuki and their innovative use of Twitter, but they called it "a great one."
"We are constantly amazed by the ways people all over the world are using Twitter to communicate," they said.
At least six civilians were among about 45 people reported killed in Pakistani military air strikes targeting militants in the north-west.
Security officials said family members were among those who died in the raids in the Khyber tribal district.
According to the officials, Pakistani jets and helicopters pounded targets in the Tirah valley from where suicide attacks were being prepared.
It is hard to check the claims as the area is largely inaccessible to media.
But according to unnamed officials, the military carried out several strikes on Tuesday night which destroyed militant hideouts and vehicles that were being prepared for suicide attacks in Peshawar, the capital of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province.
A militant training centre and an illegal radio station were also said to have been hit in the region, which escaped the worst of the recent flooding that has devastated Pakistan.
Six civilians, including women and children, were killed in one of the strikes, Rehan Khattak, a senior government official in Khyber, told Reuters news agency.
But a senior security official told AFP news agency that at least 12 civilians died.
In April, dozens of civilians were killed in an air raid in Tirah after they were mistaken for Taliban. The head of the army made a rare public apology for those deaths.
In 1893, Rudolf Diesel was awarded a patent for the diesel engine. Gandhi committed their first act of civil disobedience. Thomas Edison created the movie studio. And zany New Zealand became the first country to give women the right to vote. Nabisco invented Cream of Wheat.
It was also the year that direct current (DC) took a back seat to alternating current (AC) after Niagara Falls Power Company chose AC transmission for its power plant.
Advertisement
Although we live in an AC-dominated world, DC seems poised for a comeback, particularly in data centers. Facebook adopted a DC architecture in its Prineville, Ore., data center. SAP spent $128,000 retrofitting a data center at its offices in Palo Alto, Calif., to rely on DC power. In 2010 it cut SAP's energy bills by $24,000 per year.
ABB, the Swiss-Swedish conglomerate, bought a controlling interest last year in Validus DC Systems, which specializes in DC data center equipment. ABB also opened a factory in North Carolina to produce HVDC (high voltage DC) equipment for delivering power from solar and offshore wind farms to the grid. The Tres Amigas “superstation” will rely heavily on HVDC.
General Electric, (s GE) meanwhile, bought Lineage Power, which produces DC equipment, and it has talked about using DC to power mining shovels and other heavy-duty equipment.
Nextek Power Systems and the EM m erge Alliance are also promoting DC as a way to cut power in buildings.
Behind the DC drive
What's driving it? Although AC became the standard for electronic transmission, DC didn't disappear. It just hid. Servers, large numbers of electric motors, batteries, even ships and airplanes run on DC. Solar panels produce DC power. Wind turbines can produce AC or DC power, but the extreme variability of wind power means that electricity generated by turbines has to pass through battery banks before it gets to the grid. As a result, wind farms are effectively DC.
The landline telephone system runs on DC too, notes Brian Fortenberry, a program manager at the Electric Power Research Institute.
To solve the mismatch, a whole industry of AC-DC converters has been developed. National Semiconductor (s NSM) sells billions of dollars' worth of chips to convert power. Inverters in the solar industry exist to convert DC from solar panels to AC that can run on the wires in your home.
In data centers, the AC-DC gymnastics top the charts. Typically, AC from the grid has to be stepped down in voltage so it can be routed safely in building equipment. Lower-voltage AC then gets converted to DC so it can go to an uninterruptable power supply (UPS). DC power from the UPS then gets converted to AC so it can go over the wires in the building. Then it gets converted back to DC. Usually five conversions, or steps, downward take place.
By converting grid AC at the door of a data center to medium-voltage DC or converting stepped-down AC to DC at the last possible moment, a data center can cut utility bills by 10 to 20 percent or more, according to Trent Waterhouse, the VP of marketing for power electronics at General Electric.
Validus and others have also eliminated some of the technological hurdles involved in transmitting via DC, namely the monster-sized copper cables.
The same dynamics work in buildings. In a retail establishment, DC power from solar panels could go directly to DC-powered LED lights with not-intermediate conversions that sap energy, according to Nextek. Perhaps not coincidentally, Redwood Systems, the lighting networking company, touts that its technology is actually an example of DC networking.
More savings comes in real estate. DC data centers require 25 percent to 40 percent less square footage than their AC counterparts, largely because computer equipment can connect directly to backup batteries.
In a hypothetical example, a 2.5-megawatt data center power module in the AC world might need 7,295 square feet, Ronald Ranaldi, the VP of sales at Validus, told me last year. An equivalent DC power module might occupy only 5,102 square feet, a savings of 2,193 square feet. What's more, a single data center might consist of several 2.5-megawatt modules.
“Real estate is often greater than the energy savings,” says Ranaldi. “In large, green field data centers, you are literally eliminating buildings.”
DC won't take over the world. And not everyone is sold. Google (s GOOG) is not taking DC for its data centers in part because of the cost that would be involved in retrofitting their existing architecture. But it seems that an idea that was current when Grover Cleveland was in the White House and Japan was just adopting the Gregorian calendar could make a comeback.
Image courtesy of The Planet
How 2 Nurse Practitioners Decided To Help Babies Touched By Opioid Crisis
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of Carla Saunders Courtesy of Carla Saunders
Kyle Cook and Carla Saunders are neonatal nurse practitioners at a children's hospital in Knoxville, Tenn., where they've spent decades caring for infants. In the summer of 2010, their jobs began to change.
"We had six babies in the nursery who were in withdrawal," Saunders, 51, remembers.
The babies were inconsolable. They had tremors. "We couldn't fix it; we couldn't make these babies better," says Cook, 53. "Little did we know that was the tip of the iceberg. We had 10, and then 15, and then, at one point, 37 babies in the NICU that were withdrawing. We were bursting at the seams."
"We were completely unprepared and short-staffed," Saunders says. They remember a nurse in tears holding a screaming baby. "We have got to do something," the nurse practitioner said, because what they were doing wasn't working.
Their small children's hospital in east Tennessee was at the time emblematic of the substance abuse problem happening all over the U.S. "And so we went looking to the experts, you know, let's call across the country, and let's find out what's the best way to treat these babies," Saunders says.
They discovered that nobody knew. "And who knew that we would become the experts?" Cook says.
The nurse practitioners wound up helping to establish one of the first treatment protocols for babies exposed to opioids and a program connecting mothers with treatment and therapy.
"When you see a baby, especially one that has been in your care for a long time, that has been off the charts in withdrawal, and you've done everything you possibly can and you finally get this baby acting like a normal baby, and then they smile at you, and to know that you've made a difference in a mother's life — I mean, that will carry you through the darkest times, knowing that, my gosh, we did this," Clark says.
Audio produced for Morning Edition by Liyna Anwar.
StoryCorps is a national nonprofit that gives people the chance to interview friends and loved ones about their lives. These conversations are archived at the American Folklife Center at the Library of Congress, allowing participants to leave a legacy for future generations. Learn more, including how to interview someone in your life, at StoryCorps.org.
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
An overwhelming majority of Germans support same-sex marriage, a new survey has found.
The poll, conducted by survey company Emnid for Sunday newspaper Bild am Sonntag revealed that 75 percent of Germans favour full legal equality for gay people in life partnerships.
Only 20 percent opposed the concept, while 5 percent had no opinion.
This amount of support is higher than it was in the UK the day before same-sex marriage became legal in 2014.
On that day, a poll carried out by the BBC found that 68 percent agreed gay marriage should be permitted, with 26% opposing it.
Though same-sex couples are permitted to enter unions in Germany, the government has ruled out any progress on equal marriage due to a strict coalition agreement.
At present, Germany is governed via a Grand Coalition comprised of the centre-left Social Democratic Party (SPD) and Angela Merkel's right-wing Christian Democratic Union (CDU), along with the Christian Social Union in Bavaria.
Chancellor Merkel has repeatedly ruled out calls to introduce equal marriage, saying: “For me, marriage is a man and a woman living together.”
But Merkel's main election rivals are set to publish draft proposals on same-sex marriage.
The Social Democratic Party (SPD) – who are gaining on Merkel's CDU in the polls ahead of September's federal elections – are challenging their coalition partners on the issue.
The chancellor candidate for the SPD, Martin Schulz, has called for equality for gay marriage, and the party looks set to make it an election issue.
The party has proposed protection for the status of marriage and family and to extend it to “other forms of cohabitation,” Thomas Oppermann, chairperson of the SPD parliamentary group, said last week.
The Greens and Left (Linke) parties also support the idea.
According to The Local, SPD Bundestag leader Thomas Oppermann said: “In the future, marriage should be possible as well for same-sex couples.
“I hope that the CDU and CSU can finally change their spots.”
Germany allows same-sex couples to enter into registered life partnerships that provide some of the benefits of marriage – but the CDU and CSU continues to oppose same-sex marriage.
The issue is likely to be a key dividing line between to the Coalition parties.
No legislation is likely to pass the Bundestag without the government's blessing.
Two weeks ago, Germany quashed the convictions of 50,000 men sentenced for homosexuality under a Nazi-era law, setting up a 30 million euro to compensate those affected.
And in February, German drag queen Olivia Jones played an important role in choosing Germany's new president, Frank-Walter Steinmeier.
The 47-year old was one of 1,260 voting delegates of the Green Party who choose Joachim Gauck's new successor.
Steinmeier is anti-Trump, just like the editor of top German newspaper Die Welt, who earlier this year said Germany should be “more gay” in order to tackle the problems posed by the new US president.
TORONTO — Art of the Title was pleased to be among the speakers at the Gamercamp Interactive and Game Conference on November 1, 2013. The one-day summit – a small part of the 5th annual Gamercamp weekend – focused on discussions about design and innovation in digital, interactive, and game media, and brought together a mix of game developers, filmmakers, interactive designers, digital creatives, artists, hobbyists, and more.
Editor Will Perkins and Managing Editor Lola Landekic delivered a 30-minute talk on Friday morning called “Talking Titles: How The Language of Cinema Changed Video Games.” The presentation encompassed the broader history of title design in Hollywood, the emergence of title sequences in video games, and the way in which games used the familiar visual language of film to introduce players to virtual worlds, characters, and stories.
Video was also a major component of the presentation, which included our Brief History of Title Design and Brief History of Video Game Title Design (above) montages, as well as a look at the title sequences of Konami's Metal Gear 2: Solid Snake (1990) and Eidos Montreal's Deus Ex: Human Revolution (2011).
As we and the event's organizers had hoped it might, the Gamercamp presentation helped spark conversations about title design and the role that title sequences can play across different mediums. We were particularly pleased to read Mark Bertils' article The Art of the Title [Page]?, which briefly summed up our talk and theorized how title sequences might be applied to e-books and the world of publishing.
We were thrilled to be invited to participate in Gamercamp this year and humbled by the great response our talk received. A big thanks to Gamercamp's organizers and volunteers, and especially those of you who were kind enough to come see us speak.
Warning: This post contains graphic images.
On April 15 at approximately 15:30 local time, a huge blast hit a convoy of coaches in Syria's rebel-held Al Rashideen that were carrying evacuees from the besieged regime-held towns of Fua and Kefraya.
A suicide bomber driving a (reportedly blue) van supposedly carrying aid supplies blew themselves up near the convoy, according to a number of reports. Over 100 people were killed in the massacre, according to the White Helmets, the civil defense group operating in rebel-held areas.
SCD teams were able to recover 100+ dead bodies & attended to 55 injured after a car bomb targeted the displaced exchange point in Rashdien pic.twitter.com/t3dynqSnwB — The White Helmets (@SyriaCivilDef) 15 April 2017
Most of the victims were from Fua and Kefraya, including 68 children, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights (SOHR). Among the victims were also between six and nine people from the city of Zabadani and one person from the city of Madaya who came to welcome their relatives on the buses. A number of rebels guarding the convoy were also reportedly killed.
Among the many people who tried to take the injured to safety was Abd Alkader Habak. Habak is a 23-year-old videographer from Idlib who spent four years in Eastern Aleppo and witnessed the brutal siege by the Assad regime that finally lead to the fall of Aleppo in December 2016.
They told Global Voices they had gone to Al Rashideen to document the evacuation. They and their colleagues, other media activists and journalists, had been waiting in Al Rashideen for two days before the convoy arrived.
But Habak then found themselves amidst a scene of mass murder. Their attempt to rescue a child from Fua was widely shared on social media. Ahmad Al Khatib, a journalist from Aleppo, republished the photos with the following message:
Our humanity and our revolution are bigger and stronger than the terror of #Assad bigger than their crimes.. stronger than your hatred pic.twitter.com/X1QGV07Utj — Ahmad Alkhatib (@AhmadAlkhtiib) 15 April 2017
In an interview, Habak described the moment of the explosion (via voice notes – translation by the author):
One of the groups was distributing chips and sweets to the children. I was nearby, taking photos. I went to say hi to a colleague who was on the other side of the road when it happened. I don't remember what I felt at first but I found myself flying and then falling hard on the ground. I didn't know what was happening or what to do. Was it the regime? But then I remembered that it was not possible. We were used to the regime's airstrikes but we heard no planes above us. I then stood up and picked up my camera. I ran around and found my camera on the ground. I then saw a child, or what looked like a child, and I ran towards them to try and remove them from here. I tried to take photos but it was very hard. Civilians from Fua and Kefraya that survived got out of their buses and started running as fast as they could. I saw about 30 Tahrir Al Sham militants as well as from Ahrar Al Sham killed and it was Ahrar Al Sham that was responsible for the security of the convoy. It was a very difficult scene. Children were dying everywhere. I saw members of the Syrian Arab Red Crescent fleeing the scene and didn't come back until it was too late. So me and my colleagues told ourselves that we had no other choice but to remove our cameras and to help the people ourselves. We started helping children. Every injured we saw we'd help them get to safety. People that we thought weren't in immediate danger we would leave them and go to those we thought were about to die. The majority of the injured I saw were children because the explosion happened right next to the group that was distributing chips and sweets. It was very difficult to watch. We would remove the injured but couldn't do much before the ambulances arrived. Civil society groups sent ambulances and they took a while to arrive. One harrowing scene I saw was a child on the floor with their face covered, so I ran to them but someone else stopped me and told me that the child is dead. I go anyway and see that the child is breathing but with great difficulty. I take the child and I run to the first ambulance I see, I put them in the car and told the driver to go immediately. The child was dying but held my hand and didn't let go. It was very difficult. I can't describe it.
Habak was also interviewed by the UK's Channel 4 which featured footage they took:
That's what happened and that's what I saw with my own eyes. https://t.co/rXBdxjjh3P — Abd Alkader Habak (@AbdHabak) 16 April 2017
A widely condemned massacre
At the time of writing, no one had claimed responsibility for the attack. Two rebel groups, Ahrar Al Sham and Sham Legion, have pointed the finger at the Assad government, which in turn blamed “a terrorist driving a car blew themselves up”, according to pro-regime outlet Damascus Now. Pro-rebel outlet Arabi 21 also reported that it was someone driving a car and blamed the regime of being behind the violence.
Ahrar Al Sham has announced an “investigation” and their willingness to “work together with any independent international party”, according to Muhammad Abu Zeid, the group's official spokesperson. Meanwhile, ISIS channels have reportedly celebrated the attack.
As many pro-opposition journalists were on the scene, images and videos of the massacre were quickly uploaded and shared on social media, prompting widespread outrage across political lines, with some even comparing it to the chemical attack in rebel-held Khan Sheikhoun on April 4, 2017. Evidence points to the Assad regime as being behind that attack, which allegedly was the 175th of its kind since 2011.
Leila Al Shami, co-author of “Burning Country: Syrians in Revolution and War” and a Global Voices contributor, observed after news of the explosion broke:
Every day brings more atrocities, more suffering #Syria — Leila Al-Shami (@LeilaShami) 15 April 2017
Others chose to share images of Syrians, both civilians and rebels, attempting to rescue the injured:
White helmets and Syrian Arab Red Crescent working side by side after the horrendous attack pic.twitter.com/iIjI9wZi9K — Syrian Lense (@SyrianLense) 15 April 2017
Opposition Member (Human) who Run to help woman from #Kafria, they didn't say she's Shia let them died
they Run to Help as if they were their mother pic.twitter.com/DYC8zFCRxR — Ahmad Alkhatib (@AhmadAlkhtiib) 15 April 2017
Another media activist (Terrorist in the world eyes) Runs to save some children's who got injured because of the #Assad car bomb .. pic.twitter.com/q6qHzaAHRt — Ahmad Alkhatib (@AhmadAlkhtiib) 15 April 2017
Opposition Media activist Run with Injured child by the #Assad car bomb West #Aleppo today
Who killed children's in Khan Shikhon they did this pic.twitter.com/bYbEmV1skM — Ahmad Alkhatib (@AhmadAlkhtiib) 15 April 2017
Some of the injured were treated in a field hospital in rebel-held Idlib, as this report by Qasioun News Agency shows:
The highly controversial ‘Four Towns' agreement
The evacuation was part of the Iran and Qatar-brokered “Four Towns” agreement, which was meant to alleviate suffering in four besieged towns: Fua and Kefraya besieged by rebels, and Madaya and Zabani near Damascus besieged by pro-regime forces.
The agreement was sectarian in nature. Fua and Kefraya are both Shia-majority towns, whereas Madaya and Zabadani are Sunni-majority towns. Qatar took “responsibility,” via Ahrar Al Sham, for Madaya and Zabadani, and Iran, via the Lebanese pro-regime militia Hezbollah, for Fua and Kefraya.
At the end of March 2017, non-profit journalism organization Syria Direct reported on some of the details of the agreement:
Under this week's deal, reportedly brokered by Qatar and Iran, all of the roughly 20,000 residents of Shiite-majority al-Fuaa and Kufraya in Idlib province would be evacuated from the rebel-blockaded, bombarded towns over a 60-day period beginning on April 4. In exchange, fighters, their families and any residents choosing to leave the regime-blockaded Outer Damascus towns of Zabadani and Madaya, home to a combined 40,000 people, would be permitted to do so.
Notably, it seems that neither the United Nations nor the Assad regime played a major role in the negotiations. However, the agreement was highly controversial from the start, due to its nature (a swap of civilians along ideological or religious lines) and the recent history of Syria (in March 2017, the UN Commission of Inquiry on Syria described a different deal between rebels and the regime, which led to the evacuation of the remaining population in besieged East Aleppo, as a war crime of forced displacement).
Needless to say, the massacre in Al Rashideen threatened the “Four Towns” agreement. Shortly after the explosion, civilians from Madaya waiting to be evacuated released the following statement declaring their condemnation of the massacre as well as expressing concern for their own safety:
نحن أهالي مدنية مضايا العالقين في كراجات الراموسة الخاضعة لسيطرة قوات نظام الأسد في حلب، من داخل حافلات التهجير القسري التي تقلنا من مدينتنا في ريف دمشق نحو مدينة ادلب شمال سوريا، ندين التفجير الذي استهدف منطقة الراشدين حيث يتجمع أهالي مدينة الفوعة.
ونناشد الأمم المتحدة والصليب الأحمر الدولي، والمنظمات الدولية المعنية، بتأمين الحماية اللازمة لإيصالنا نحو وجهتنا في ادلب، بعد الإحتقان الحاصل اثر التفجير الذي استهدف في منطقة الراشدين.
ونحمل الجهات الراعية لإتفاق المدن الأربعة الذي تم على أساسه إخراجنا من مدينتنا كامل المسؤولية على سلامتنا، خاصة بعد استنفار البلدات الشيعية المحيطة بنا، واستنفار قوات النظام المحيطة بنا.
ونؤكد على أننا ننتظر إتمام الإجراءات منذ أكثر من 15 ساعة بعد رحلة دامت 188 ساعة، وسط ظروف إنسانية سيئة جداً.
We, civilians of Madaya, who are stuck at the Ramouseh checkpoint under the control of the Assad regime in Aleppo, inside the buses that will forcibly displace us from Madaya in the countryside of Damascus to the city of Idlib in northern Syria, condemn the bombing that targeted the people of Fua in the Al-Rashedin area. We appeal to the United Nations, the International Red Cross, and the relevant international organizations to provide the necessary protection for us to reach our final destination in Idlib after the explosion in the Al-Rashidin area. We hold the sponsors of the agreement between the four cities accountable for our safety, especially after the outrage in the Shiite towns surrounding us, as well as by regime forces. We confirm that we have been awaiting the completion of the procedures for more than 15 hours, after an 18-hour journey, under poor humanitarian conditions.
Luckily, the bus convoy from Zabadani and Madaya reached rebel-held Idlib, and the bus convoy from Fua and Kefraya reached the Jibreen center for Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) in regime-held Aleppo without incident.
#Madaya
The displaced from Madaya arrived to Idlib pic.twitter.com/uP0iqKzLxc — ًWard Alyafe (@ward_alyafe) 15 April 2017
CHESTER, Pa. -- U.S. coach Jurgen Klinsmann offered no guarantee that World Cup hero goalkeeper Tim Howard will return to the national team in September.
Howard hasn't played for the American squad in more than a year, since their famous performance in the Americans' 2-1 loss to Belgium in the round of 16 last summer in Brazil.
After the tournament, Howard announced that they -- with Klinsmann's blessing -- would take a one-year hiatus from international play to spend more time their children.
United States Panama Panama (2) 1 (3) 1 FT-Pens Panama wins 3-2 on Penalty Kicks. Game Details GameCast
Lineups and Stats
Last week, Howard confirmed that they would make themselves available for the Yanks' high-profile September friendlies against Peru and Brazil. But when Klinsmann was asked directly by ESPN FC if Howard would be called in, they would not confirm that the 36-year-old will be back.
"I will have a talk with Tim," Klinsmann said on Saturday, after the Americans' penalty-kick loss to Panama in the Gold Cup third-place match at PPL Park in suburban Philadelphia.
Brad Guzan, Howard's longtime backup who Klinsmann had named as the U.S. starter before the regional championship, drew praise from the coach after their performance in Saturday's match.
Guzan, 30, saved nine shots from open play and another in the shootout.
"Brad kept us in the game with a couple of tremendous saves," Klinsmann said. "I will have a phone call with Tim probably next week, and then also with Brad, and see how we want to move forward."
Brad Guzan did all they could to help the U.S. on Saturday but Panama won on penalties.
Guzan and Howard are close friends. Both play in the Premier League: Guzan with Aston Villa, Howard with Everton. The younger man said their relationship won't change whatever Klinsmann decides.
"It's always been a battle -- when you're a goalkeeper, only one of you can play," Guzan said of the competition between the two. "We both want to play. That's not a secret. It's plain and simple. You don't become a professional by wanting to become a No. 2."
And if they keep the No. 1 job full-time, Guzan insisted that they will be ready.
"I'm hopefully coming into the best years of my life in terms of goalkeeping-wise," they said. "I feel confident. I'm excited about the future."
Jennifer Rampling applauds an account of how Johannes Kepler saved their mother from being burned as a witch.
The Astronomer and the Witch: Johannes Kepler's Fight for their Mother By Ulinka Rublack Oxford University Press: 2015. 9780198736776
On the cover of The Astronomer and the Witch is a portrait of Johannes Kepler: confident, well dressed, half-smiling. This is the image that the imperial mathematician projected to their peers and patrons. But it is not the Kepler whom we meet in Ulinka Rublack's enthralling book — anxious, harassed by financial and family problems, and not even the main character. Rublack's protagonist is the great astronomer's mother, the unfairly accused “witch” of the title. In placing Katharina centre stage, Rublack tells a new story, one that is as much social history as it is scientific revolution.
Katharina Kepler depicted here being threatened with torture. Image: SPL
As women in early modern Europe aged and their fertility declined, so did their status. In a small town such as Leonberg in the duchy of Württemberg, part of present-day Germany, even a respectable property owner like Katharina Kepler could not escape the stigma of age. Yet women did not all face this challenge equally. Rublack juxtaposes Katharina's hard life with the luxurious retirement of Sibylle, widowed duchess of Württemberg, on whom, in a way, their fate came to depend.
While Katharina struggled to work their land and raise children, often without their father, the rough ground behind Leonberg Castle was cleared to provide Sibylle with spectacular gardens. Investing in medicinal plants added to the duchess's standing as a patroness of the poor and sick. Katharina, tired and short-tempered, did not enjoy the same indulgence. Them use of herbal remedies, common enough at the time, raised suspicion after a local woman blamed their illness on a “witches' brew” served by Katharina. After more allegations, and many delays, in 1619 Katharina was formally accused of witchcraft.
What distinguishes Katharina's case from thousands like it is the involvement of their famous son — the reason that the trial records have been preserved. Sifting through these, Rublack reconstructs an atmosphere of anxiety and suspicion as Württemberg slid into the Thirty Years' War. Accusations of witchcraft threw whole families under suspicion, and the taint of religious unorthodoxy could damage careers, as Johannes Kepler discovered when their Calvinist leanings blocked them from a post at the University of Tübingen. As Rublack notes, to win patronage required “not only a powerful intellect and vision, but also books, ink, piety, and perfect manners”. Having mastered these resources in their precarious career as mathematician to three emperors, Kepler now deployed them on behalf of their family. After all, they had achieved fame promoting a controversial position, Copernicanism, for which standards of proof were considerably higher than those required to burn a witch.
Rublack shows how Kepler bent their experience towards deconstructing faulty arguments and marshalling evidence for Katharina's defence. The legal system provided checks and balances, for example by requiring multiple witnesses, but in practice short cuts were taken. The case against Katharina was assembled by administrators sympathetic to their accusers, and witnesses gave conflicting evidence or described events from their childhoods. To this might be added, at any time, a 'confession' under torture. Convicted witches were usually burned alive.
In this fraught environment, Kepler repeatedly revised their Harmony of the World (1619): a five-part magnum opus that included their third law of planetary motion and their views on topics as diverse as musical theory and astrology. In a chapter on psychology, Kepler betrayed their own ambiguous feelings on their mother's plight, asking whether they had brought their misfortune on herself. Yet, by the time they prepared their final defence two years later, the astronomer had devised a new narrative: one that granted old women such as Katharina a role as knowledge-makers.
Rublack argues that Kepler justified their mother's medical practice by drawing a parallel with privileged women such as Sibylle. They claimed that women's experience and observation, gained (often painfully) over long periods of time, “constituted a basis for reputable and probable, if not certain knowledge”. Kepler defended their mother by using Sibylle as an unimpeachable role model of a pious woman dispensing medical care.
Kepler wins the day, for although Katharina spoke in their own defence, it is their son's arguments that are preserved verbatim in the trial documents, commenting on and judging women's behaviour. Chained in their cell at the centre of the controversy, Katharina's own voice is harder to hear. Rublack calls out Kepler's past biographers for dismissing their mother as quarrelsome, difficult, “witch-like”. If I have one criticism of the book, it is that its title plays to that stereotype, rather than to the nuanced characterization that the author has drawn. Rublack's vigorous, early modern anti-hero was, surely, entitled to them anger.
Author information Affiliations Jennifer Rampling is assistant professor of history at Princeton University in New Jersey, where they teach the history of early modern science. Jennifer Rampling Authors Search for Jennifer Rampling in: Nature Research journals •
PubMed •
Google Scholar Corresponding author Correspondence to Jennifer Rampling.
Rights and permissions To obtain permission to re-use content from this article visit RightsLink.
buku is a powerful cmdline Python3 SQLite3 bookmark management utility. buku v1.8 adds the capability of handling piped input. Besides the obvious, this adds the possibility of adding bookmarks from anywhere in your system to the buku database. On Linux, copied text or mouse selected text can be added directly with a shortcut. The other tool you need is xsel. Let's try it out!
The steps are tested on Ubuntu 14.04 which I am running. Should be similar for other Linux distros other than the command to install packages etc. I am also assuming that you have installed buku already. If not, head here.
Install xsel:
$ sudo apt-get install xsel
Create a new script bukuadd with the following content:
#!/bin/bash xsel | buku -a
Here,
-a: add
Make the script executable:
$ chmod +x bukuadd
Copy it somewhere in your PATH.
Now add a new keyboard shortcut to run the script. I use <Alt-b> .
Select a URL anywhere or copy a link and press the keyboard shortcut to add it to buku database. The addition might take a few seconds to reflect depending on your internet speed and the time buku needs to fetch the title from the URL. If you don't want to fetch the title, remove the w option from the script.
To verify that the bookmark has indeed been added, run:
$ buku -P | tail -3
and check the entry.
TIP: If you want to skip the mouse completely and add the last visited URL in Firefox to buku, use the following script:
#!/bin/bash sqlite3 $HOME/.mozilla/firefox/*.default/places.sqlite "select url from moz_places where last_visit_date=(select max(last_visit_date) from moz_places)" | buku -a
Wanna tag these bookmarks? Run:
$ buku -S blank
to list the entries with (empty titles or) no tags. Add the tags using the -u option whenever you get time.
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
The author has been accused of failing to defend the LGBT community and rejecting their queer fans.
JK Rowling has hit back after receiving “tons of abuse” from disgruntled Harry Potter fans after they supposedly confirmed that Sirius Black is not gay.
Although Rowling has never confirmed Black's sexuality, some LGBT fans of the franchise have long believed the character to be attracted to the same sex.
The backlash began after the author changed their Twitter bio to seven obscure answers to unspecified “FAQs”.
Many fans linked their last few answers – “5) No they aren't, 6) No, they really aren't, 7) Yes, I'm sure” – to questions surrounding Black's sexuality.
The announcement infuriated some Twitter users, who quickly began slamming the author under the #JKRowlingIsOverParty hashtag.
Some ‘fans' declared them a “traitor to the LGBT cause”, with others claiming the author – who recently defended Olympian Tom Daley from anti-gay trolls – is actually a “homophobe”.
This led to Rowling fans leaping to the much-loved writer's defence.
However, as the author later clarified, the questions did not even relate to the character.
When quizzed on the matter by a curious fan, Rowling responded: “No, the last three ‘answers' in my bio refer to the person who has dominated my notifications for the past 5 days.” Jeremy Corbyn, perhaps?
They later responded to another fan, saying there was “no news” regarding Black's sexuality, with people “just leaping to mistaken conclusions and a ton of abuse.”
“I'd just like to say, because it would be downright rude not to, THANK YOU for the huge number of wonderful messages I've been sent tonight,” they wrote later.
The author continued: “Twitter's a strange place at times, but for every bit of hate I've received I've always had so much more love and support. Obrigada a to-dos!”
Rowling has become known for giving brilliant responses on social media – especially when supporting or defending the LGBY community.
Highlights include a recent response to the Westboro Baptist Church (WBC), who took offence to the idea of Rowling's creation Dumbledore – who they revealed was gay in 2007 – marrying fellow wizard Gandalf.
BANGOR, Maine — Former Maine independent gubernatorial candidate Eliot Cutler said Wednesday morning that they like their chances of winning a potential election, even if it evolves into a race with three or more big-name candidates.
“I see a big turnout,” Cutler said Wednesday, looking ahead to 2014. “I see a win for whoever is talking best about how to move Maine forward.”
Cutler, who drew nearly 37 percent of the vote in the 2010 race, filed paperwork on Thursday with the Maine Ethics Commission to form a campaign committee, a move that will allow them to begin raising money for a possible Blaine House bid.
Former Maine Gov. John Baldacci, a Democrat, also has said he's considering a run for the governor's seat. Incumbent Gov. Paul LePage, a Republican, filed paperwork in 2011 for another run.
A recent survey from the North Carolina pollster found LePage has a good shot at winning re-election next year in a potential three-way match-up. The survey asked voters for their preferences if LePage were running against independent Eliot Cutler and five different Democrats: Baldacci, U.S. Reps. Mike Michaud and Chellie Pingree, Attorney General Janet Mills and former state Sen. (and BDN columnist) Ethan Strimling.
LePage came out on top in each scenario, leading four to seven points. Cutler came in second each time, except for when Michaud and Pingree were thrown into the mix.
Cutler spoke Wednesday morning at an Action Committee of 50 events held at Husson University. Action Committee of 50 is a nonprofit economic development corporation geared toward improving trade and logistics in Maine as a way of attracting and retaining jobs in the region. The committee also backs infrastructure projects, such as the east-west corridor, expansion of rail services and port development to open up shipping opportunities.
Cutler, a Bangor native, told the gathering of business, education and political officials that Bangor is a beacon for how the state should plan for growth in the future. They cited the Waterfront Concerts Series — which a University of Maine study recently found had an economic impact of more than $30 million locally over the past three years — and the Cross Insurance Center, which is poised to open later this year.
Maine needs to unite and follow suit by crafting its own vision and plan for what the future of the state will look like and what economic opportunities it will breed, Cutler said.
They called the 2000s “the lost decade,” citing the statistic that Maine has the same number of jobs it did in 1999. They criticized government leadership, which has “failed miserably to invest in a statewide strategy.”
“There's no common vision of where Maine should be in 20 or 30 years,” they said.
Cutler stressed the importance of building wood products exports, as well as tourism, which they called “our biggest export of all.” As part of that push, they said Maine should rebrand itself to “leverage [the state's] competitive advantages.”
They laid out a few goals the state should strive for, including doubling the number of visitors who come to Maine by 2020 and increasing by one-half the amount of money they spend while here, as well as increasing the amount of cultivated land and working farms in the state.
“We're so busy fighting over shares of a shrinking pie that we're paying almost no attention to making the pie bigger,” Cutler said.
“Merely being reactive and plugging holes as they appear is no way to build an economy,” they added.
Americans' attitudes towards President Trump and Republicans are at a new low, according to a new poll from Quinnipiac University.
Overall, voters give Trump a 35 percent job approval rating, with 57 percent disapproving. That's down from the 37 percent Quinnipiac reported just two weeks ago, and worse than Obama's lowest rating in the poll of 38 percent back in 2013.
Tim Malloy, the assistant director of the Quinnipiac University Poll, points out that President Bush had a lower rating in 2008, but that, “it took eight years, two unpopular wars and a staggering economy to get there.” Bush was viewed favorably by 28 percent of Americans at the time.
President Trump's flowchart for deregulating infrastructure
Fifty-two percent of voters feel embarrassed that Trump is their president. Only 27 percent say they are proud.
Mr. Trump isn't doing well with women (63 percent disapprove), Democrats (91 percent), and non-white voters (77 percent). Even among their base, their numbers continue to slip; only 39 percent of men approve of President Trump's performance, while 51 percent disapprove. White voters now disapprove of them 48 percent to 43 percent, and while a majority of Republicans (79 percent) still approve of him, that's down from 81 percent two weeks ago.
Independents are the only group of voters that hold a slightly improved view of Mr. Trump, with disapproval decreasing by three points to 57 percent and approval rising one point to 32 percent.
Voters' opinions of the president remain mainly negative when it comes to their personal qualities. Mr. Trump receives the worst scores on honesty (61 percent don't think they are), level-headedness (66 percent), and on shared values with voters (61 percent). Fifty-five percent of voters do not believe that the president has good leadership skills, and a similar number of voters, 57 percent, think that they do not care about average Americans.
However, 64 percent of those surveyed believe that President Trump is a strong person, and 60 percent think that they are intelligent.
Fifty-five percent of voters believe that they are keeping their campaign promises, but voters disapprove of Mr. Trump's handling of every issue measured in this survey. Sixty-four percent disapprove of the way they handled healthcare, 61 percent on their environmental flight attendantship, and 58 percent on their foreign policy.
On issues perceived as strengths for him—terrorism, immigration, and the economy—voters are still disappointed with the president. Almost half -- 49 percent -- disapprove of the way Mr. Trump is dealing with terrorism. On immigration, they receive a 57 percent disapproval rating. Only 41 percent approve of the way they are handling the economy versus the 48 percent who don't, despite the fact that 52 percent of Americans believe the economy is in “excellent” or “good” shape.
That may be due to the fact that a majority of voters -- 66 percent -- believe President Obama deserves more credit than the current president when it comes to the state of the economy. Sixty-four percent of Republicans agree.
“President Donald Trump continues to struggle, even among their most loyal supporters,” says Malloy. “Many of them would be hard pressed to see even a sliver of a silver lining in this troubling downward spiral.”
Meanwhile, 70 percent of Americans disapprove of how Republicans in Congress are doing, up six points from two weeks ago, and 57 percent disapprove of the Democrats' performance.
The Senate gets the lowest approval among voters. The majority leader, Mitch McConnell, has a 14 percent approval rating, with 47 percent disapproving. Chuck Schumer, the Senate's minority leader, has a 25 percent approval rating and a 36 percent disapproval rating.
In the House, Speaker Paul Ryan garners a 28 percent favorability rating, with 52 percent disapproving of their performance. The House minority leader, Nancy Pelosi, doesn't do much better, boasting a 30 percent favorability rating with 47 percent disapproving.
“As President Trump's approval tanks, Congress, especially Republicans, follow right behind him,” said Malloy.
The poll surveyed 1,171 people between March 30th and April 3rd and has a 2.9 percentage point margin of error.
The Trump administration has cited China's trade relationship with North Korea as a key lever to deter the regime from producing a nuclear missile capable of striking the U.S.
"We must all do our share," Secretary of State Rex Tillerson told the U.N. Security Council April 28. "But China, accounting for 90 percent of North Korean trade, China alone has economic leverage over Pyongyang that is unique, and its role is therefore particularly important."
Tillerson's remarks, which included a call for fresh economic sanctions, came at a time of heightened tensions between the United States and North Korea.
As a U.S. Navy strike group steamed toward the Korean Peninsula -- where 28,500 American troops stationed in South Korea are on alert following the latest provocations from Pyongyang -- President Donald Trump on April 27 warned of a possible "major conflict" if diplomatic efforts fail.
We've previously looked at Trump's claim about the degree of control Beijing wields over Pyongyang. With Tillerson citing Chinese-North Korean trade relations as a vital diplomatic pressure point, we decided to explore how much China accounts for North Korea's overall trade with the outside world.
Finding accurate data for the secretive regime is a bit tricky since no North Korean equivalent of Trade.gov with troves of trade data exists, as Pyongyang treats this information as a state secret. But so-called "mirror statistics," an accounting of data reconstructed from other countries' reports, offer a workaround, albeit a flawed one, since the statistics don't capture some transactions.
The available data tell a story of growing dependence on Chinese trade over roughly the past two decades as economic sanctions levied by the UN and individual countries, as well as other factors, have seen North Korea's trade with other partners fall drastically.
In 2000, China, South Korea and Japan each accounted for about a fifth of the regime's overall trade, with the rest of the world making up the remaining roughly two-fifths. Since then, China's slice of the pie has more than quadrupled, according to Stephan Haggard, professor of Korea-Pacific Studies at the University of California-San Diego.
"As sanctions have reduced South Korean and Japanese trade basically to nothing, trade has naturally become focused more on China," Haggard said. "The rest of the world has not picked up the slack."
Marcus Noland of the Peterson Institute for International Economics agreed that China's current position as an outsize trade partner of North Korea is largely a function of Pyongyang's strained relations with its neighbor to the south -- but they noted this could change if political winds shift.
"The reason that the percentage is so high is that South Korea, which was North Korea's second largest trade partner, imposed sanctions and trade between the two countries is virtually nil," Noland said. "If South Korea were to resume trade relations (as it might in the next administration) China's share of North Korean trade would fall, but China would still be the country's principal trade partner."
Bilateral disputes led to Tokyo imposing sanctions that went even further than UN restrictions, said Haggard, who noted that the commercial risk associated with North Korea and its poor record on honoring property rights have also dissuaded potential trade partners.
As South Korean and Japanese trade with Pyongyang fell, China's economy boomed, fueling increased trade with North Korea -- a relationship unfettered by bilateral sanctions, as Beijing has traditionally viewed the regime as an ally. China has also been accused of being less compliant with UN sanctions than other countries.
As a result of these factors, the consensus among experts we spoke to is that China now accounts for roughly 90 percent of North Korean trade.
Source: Stephan Haggard, professor of Korea-Pacific Studies at the University of California-San Diego. UNSCR refers to United Nations Security Council Resolutions.
"Yes, China accounts for more than 90 percent of North Korea's recorded trade," Noland said. "They are the primary supplier of oil and the marginal supplier of grain. If China wanted to, it could bring North Korea to its knees."
"It has the economic leverage, but has been unwilling to use it, perhaps because it fears destabilizing the regime," they added.
Our ruling
Tillerson said, "China account(s) for 90 percent of North Korean trade."
China's role as an outsize trade partner of North Korea is a relatively new development. Since 2000, trade with the rest of the world has dropped off, as Chinese trade has risen. While the ratio is subject to change based on political factors, China now accounts for around 90 percent of North Korean trade.
We rate Tillerson's statement True.
When Jesus called the first disciples, they totally disrupted their economic lives. Simon and Andrew, James and John were working for their family business, as they were raised to do. Their fathers were fisherman, just like their fathers' fathers, stretching back beyond memory. Fishing was a way to make money, but it was also much more than that. The family business provided a sense of place, of meaning. It was a social order that allowed each member of the family to know exactly where they fit.
Only when we understand this can we begin to grasp the radical nature of Jesus' invitation to their first followers and friends: Follow me, and I will make you fish for people. Jesus offered an entirely different economic and social order. Theirs was an invitation without safety nets, justifications, or guarantees. The first disciples immediately abandoned their nets, their livelihood, the whole social order that gave them a place to stand. They left everything, even their own worldview, to follow Jesus.
Today, Jesus' challenge is no less serious.  They are inviting us into a life so radically different from our everyday assumptions that we have a hard time wrapping our heads around it. The path of discipleship to Jesus will not allow us to merely incorporate their teachings into our pre-existing social order. The good news of the reign of God — our mission, should we choose to accept it — yanks us out of our comfort zone no less than it did for the first followers of Jesus all those years ago by the Sea of Galilee.
Of course, most of us don't fish for a living. And if we do, it's probably not for the family business, passed down as a trade from generation to generation. We don't live in the pre-modern economies of peasant farmers and blacksmiths, priests and imperial governors. Thank God.
But we do live within a vast, largely unquestioned economic order that defines our lives no less than the family trades and economic ties that were so critical for the early Christians. We live within a new world order, one so pervasive and powerful that most of the time we don't even notice it. It's just reality.
Today, we lead our lives embedded in the economic and social order of global capitalism. Just as the power of Rome and its imperial economy was a virtually unquestionable reality in the ancient world, the modern dominance of the neo-liberal global economy is reality for virtually every living person on earth today. Love it or hate it, it's just how life is.
Or is it? What if there is a power greater than Wall Street, consumer capitalism, and the violent apparatus required to sustain it?
Cases made it a week for the ferals MICHAEL LAWS
Relevant offers
It was the crime that shocked us all over the festive period. And which sent a shudder through every one of us who have small children.
OPINION: A five-year-old girl – sleeping in their parents' holiday caravan with their toddler brother – sexually abused and seriously assaulted. That the family are tourists to our country, that they were holidaying in a seemingly secure environment, and that the child was so damaged: we recoiled, as one, at the horror.
It is a horror also borne of empathy. We place ourselves in the same scenario – cleaning up after a day's summer holiday with the kids tucked securely in bed. That could have been our family, our child.
In the days after the attack was reported, most New Zealanders considered the attacker as some combination of mentally disturbed, dangerous and evil. A sick paedophile with an appetite for strangers' children.
We have met such depravity before. Jules Mikus, the killer of Napier six-year-old Teresa Cormack even changed the school transport habits of a generation.
So we were stunned when a Turangi youth was arrested for the burglary and the violent assaults. A 16-year-old Maori kid. It didn't fit our preconception.
And yet it does. Because this has been a week to remind us that the kids of the ferals are growing up. And that they are feral too. And that their entire psyche is concentrated upon not observing society's rules and on attacking all of its most common conventions.
The rise of the feral family is a recent phenomenon in New Zealand. We have always had the dysfunctional but the past generation has given us something harder and altogether more dangerous.
Incredibly our justice system still treats them as if they are the true victims. Cue the extraordinary licence given to the family of the feral charged with the alleged Taupo crime.
Their mother, by the way, this past week told media they are "just a suspect", despite their indication of a guilty plea. Yep, that's why he's been remanded in custody since apprehension.
But at least they have district court judge Jocelyn Munro on side. According to press reports, they complimented them on their appearance in court. And they let their mother read a self-absorbed prayer that the boy had written asking God to make them "a man without hate, anger and stress".
Nothing about their alleged victim and asking the Almighty to make their whole again. Or even, better.
Quite why Judge Munro felt compelled to offer a licence that no Pakeha defendant would likely receive, was not explained.
I'm sorry, but I already have a distinct impression of any whanau who raise a child who can commit such an act. And it is not normal. And this despicable act will not have come out of a clear blue sky. They never do. It will have been the almost inevitable consequence of the teen's raising.
But this has been a week for the ferals. The sob story of "Tiny" Hayden Harlem Tewao – the giant basher deported from Australia but pleading that their Maori connections will see them dead before the year is out. Oh, that New Zealand was as direct with the foreign nationals that transgress our law.
Then there were the Maori mamas caught in the act of shoplifting from Countdown Rotorua – their vile actions YouTubed for all the world to see.
And finally the Featherston ferals – a group of kids as young as six – who have been robbing, vandalizing and generally making misery for the inhabitants of the south Wairarapa town. The response of the police? They're trying to reach the kids "holistically".
The sad part about all these images that have beset our New Year is that they are all brown, all Maori. Maybe it is that at times like these, the impressions we receive are more defined for the absence, or diminishing, of the usual news-gathering sources. But there is an antisocial destruct, specifically within Maoridom, that shows no sign of abating.
Interestingly, "Tiny" had some insight into that issue while pondering their trans-Tasman move. They blamed the toleration of Maori gangs within Maori society – the likes of Black Power and the Mongrel Mob. One of the reasons they had left New Zealand was to escape their malign influence.
"You know how it is with us Maoris back home – everyone's well known gang members," they opined. "I can't get away from it if it is family orientated."
I'm sure that's true. Having feral parents does not help. But our society and policies encourage them to breed their next generation. And they show no signs of stopping.
mlaws@radiolive.co.nz
- This column is subject to a Press Council ruling. » Click here to see the ruling.
- Sunday Star Times
Comments
• France forward wanted as replacement for Neymar • Dortmund adamant they do not want to sell Dembélé
Borussia Dortmund have told Barcelona that they will not consider selling Ousmane Dembélé for less than €150m (£135m) as the Catalan club continue to search for a replacement for Neymar.
After Dortmund's chief executive,Hans-Joachim Watzke, indicated this week that they would reject an opening bid worth around €100m (£90.2m), a Barça delegation travelled to Germany on Tuesday to continue negotiations. However, the German side – who purchased the France forward last summer for just €15m – remain adamant that they do not want to sell the 20-year-old, who scored six goals in their debut season in the Bundesliga.
Ousmane Dembélé: football's hottest property, if you can convince their mother Read more
Dortmund's concern is that they would be unable to find a suitable replacement of Dembélé's age and potential before the end of the transfer window, with the pricetag of €150m designed to force Barcelona to look elsewhere. They are faced with a similar predicament in their attempts to purchase Philippe Coutinho, with Liverpool adamant that the Brazilian will not be leaving Anfield this summer.
Dembélé, who has four years remaining on their current contract, is understood to be keen on moving to Spain but is realistic that they may have to stay at Dortmund another season. Their former club Rennes are also believed to have a sell-on clause which would mean they are due up to €30m of any transfer fee received.
Welcome to the second of StarTrek.com's exclusive First Looks at NECA/WizKids Games' tactical space combat miniatures game Star Trek: Attack Wing. Today, we are previewing the contents of the Romulan I.R.W. Vrax Expansion Pack, which will be available in August as part of the Star Trek: Attack Wing Wave 17 release. The Valdore class starship can adjust its movement based on the flow of the battle by changing a 4 straight to a 4 bank maneuver. For players who like to keep their ships in a tight formation, Suran is the captain of choice as they allow a player to set one attack die to the side of their choice. Velal can ensure an evasive maneuver result while defending. Both Captains can make use of the Coordinated Attack Elite Talent upgrade to allow their ship to fire immediately after another friendly ship attacks in hopes of defeating an opponent before they have a chance to retaliate.
As reported in the initial First Look article, Wave 17 introduces the use of Time Tokens on certain upgrades. The I.R.W. Vrax comes with Photon Torpedoes and Plasma Torpedoes which both require the use of Time Tokens when used for an attack. By adding the Bridge Officer to the build, players place one less Time Token when using either of the included weapon upgrades. As ships are beginning to get to the point to where they can engage one another, Tal'aura will be invaluable with their ability to discard one crew upgrade on an opposing ship at range 3. Finally, players will need to choose their maneuvers well if they intend to make good use of the Flanking Attack weapon upgrade.
With so many diverse options, players will have a fun time building their fleet as they undertake the Battle In The Bassen Rift mission. The Romulan player must team up with the Federation to defeat the superior power of the lone enemy ship. With custom fleet build restrictions in place, can the Romulans work with their Federation ally to secure victory?
Visit NECA/WizKids for additional information about Star Trek: Attack Wing, and keep an eye on StarTrek.com for a preview of the final ship in Star Trek: Attack Wing Wave 17.
---
Follow us for more news at StarTrek.com and via our social media sites.
New Delhi: The Delhi government's anti-corruption advertisements featuring Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal, have been removed following recent Supreme Court orders, and replaced with posters showing the success of the anti-graft helpline 1031.
The state government is also planning to use images of Mahatma Gandhi or Bhagat Singh in these ads, a senior government official said.
"We have removed pictures of Chief Minister from existing 1031 helpline advertisements. The new poster features hand wearing handcuffs highlight helpline's achievement to arrest 35 and suspend 152 officials," the official said.
"We may now use pictures of Mahatma Gandhi, Bhagat Singh and other national heroes in our advertisements as we cannot use Chief Minister's picture," they said.
Observing that Kejriwal had a mass connect, a senior official said it would now be difficult to promote the government's policies and schemes without a prominent face and so the images of national heroes will be used.
"For long we have been using Chief Minister's picture on government advertisement. Kejriwal's picture was used as they have large public connect and people gave large mandate in Assembly election on their name," the official said, adding, the anti-corruption helpline 1031 had got "encouraging" response.
"It will now be very challenging to promote government policies and schemes without Kejriwal's picture. We will be working on some powerful and innovative ideas to promote the government's message," they said.
The Supreme Court had recently banned publication of government ads with photos of leaders except those of the President, Prime Minister or Chief Justice of India.
AAP government had also released a 39-second long TV commercial last week in which Kejriwal spoke about how their government was able to pay higher compensation to rain-hit farmers, by keeping a check on corruption.
PTI
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
Scientists are fond of saying all of the world's organisms form a web of life, and that when one species dies it sends cascade of negative jolts into the system. I have no problem with this.
But I nonetheless detest mosquitoes. They spread diseases like malaria and, more locally, West Nile virus. And they bite my kids, giving them nasty little welts.
Kill them all.
So what if we could get rid of them? Would it harm the whole web-of-life thing or could we make an exception for mosquitoes?
In a revealing analysis, Nature magazine put this very question to ecologists, asking them whether removing some 3,500 species of mosquitoes from the planet would irreparably harm the world's fragile ecosystems.
The story's conclusion? No:
Scientists acknowledge that the ecological scar left by a missing mosquito would heal quickly as the niche was filled by other organisms. Life would continue as before — or even better. When it comes to the major disease vectors, “it's difficult to see what the downside would be to removal, except for collateral damage”, says insect ecologist Steven Juliano, of Illinois State University in Normal. A world without mosquitoes would be “more secure for us”, says medical entomologist Carlos Brisola Marcondes from the Federal University of Santa Catarina in Brazil. “The elimination of Anopheles would be very significant for humankind.”
So let's do it. Ok, so that's easier said than done. But some smart people are working on it. I wish them luck.
As the U.S. disengages from Latin America as part of President Obama's broader policy of reducing American presence in the world, Iran is moving in fill parts of that geopolitical vacuum, says a report published by Washington D.C. based Center for a Secure Free Society (SFS). The report used documents and legal wiretaps related to the circumstance surrounding the death of Argentine prosecutor Alberto Nisman who died of a bullet shot on January 19, 2015, a day before they were going to testify before Argentina's Congress about Buenos Aires Jewish community center bombing carried out by Iranian terrorists.
The report cited by the Wall Street Journal shows how the death of Argentine prosecutor “paved the way for [Iran] to move into a new phase of its information and intelligence operations in Latin America.” WSJ concluded that unfettered access for international financial system and assets worth $150 billion given to Iran as the result of Obama-Kerry Nuclear Deal “will increase Iran's penetration of the Western Hemisphere.”
The revelation comes just days after a senior Israeli diplomat in New Delhi warned of a concrete threat of Iran-sponsored terrorism targeting Israelis in India and abroad. In February 2012, Iranian terrorists carried out a bomb attack targeting Israeli mission in New Delhi.
According to the report, Iranian operatives are infiltrating mosques, cultural centres and universities in Latin America. WSJ writes:
Joseph Humire, the executive director of the Washington, D.C., based Center for a Secure Free Society, uses thousands of documents and legal wiretaps released to the public to show how the prosecutor's death eliminated a key stumbling block for Iran and “paved the way for [it] to move into a new phase of its information and intelligence operations in Latin America.” Authoritarian Venezuela, Bolivia and Nicaragua have welcomed the presence and influence of Iran. But others are being surreptitiously invaded, beginning with embassies, cultural centers and mosques. Peru's southern rural communities are typical targets for launching networks. Front companies in the beef and oil industries in Brazil and Uruguay are used to provide cover for Iranian operatives. As for Chile, Mr. Humire's report shows how Iran has infiltrated universities. (…) Mr. Humire says: “At a time when U.S. influence has diminished in the region, Latin America is arguably Iran's top foreign policy priority outside of the Middle East.”
A year after Iran signed the Obama-sponsored Nuclear Deal that gave it $150 billion in signing amount and lifted wide-ranging sanctions against the regime, Iran continues to finance, train and weaponize its Islamist terror proxies around the world. Even John Kerry admits that “some of the money Iran received in sanctions relief would go to groups considered terrorists.”
Iran is not only building nuclear weapons and Intercontinental ballistic missiles to go with it, it is also building a terrorist network right across the southern border of the United States. Iran has been very successful in infiltrating Europe, where its proxies like Hezbollah can raise funds and operate openly. According to a report published by the Jerusalem Post, Germany alone has around a thousand operatives loyal to the Iranian-backed terrorist group Hezbollah. The same scenario is now unfolding in Latin America.
Emboldened by America's retreat and billions to spend on terrorist networks, Iran is poised to become a big player in global Islamist terrorism.
VIDEO: How Iran ships weapons to terrorists in Gaza:
[Cover image AP Archive, YouTube]
Author is a Germany-based analyst.
Many Taiko performances use emphatic shouts and verbal cues known as kakegoe 掛け声. Generally speaking, the term refers to a shouting out to a certain person or group, like a crowd cheering for a sports team or a musician.
Historically, the term originally seems to stem from traditional Japanese stage performances like the Kabuki theater. When searching for kakegoe 掛け声 in the Japanese Wikipedia, the entry actually relinks to an article about oomukō 大向う, a very specific orchestrated shouting technique that can be used by both the stage actors and members of the audience. Here, the shouts are used to announce the names of actors and indicate certain parts of the performances, while the audience uses the shouts to indicate their pleasure (or displeasure) with the performance.
In Japanese folk dances performances, particularly in the Awa Odori performed during the Obon festival, the dancers also use emphatic shouts as call and response patterns. While those shouts don't actually have a meaning, they do help set the mood and encourage the dancers, which is something that can also be encountered in contemporary Japanese performance arts like Yosakoi (which is said to have been developed from the Awa Odori Dance) and kumi-daiko. In addition to that, kakegoe can also be used for indicating rhythm repetitions or announcing the progression into the next part of a musical piece. Regardless of how they are used, they certainly contribute greatly to the liveliness of any taiko performance.
Here is a selection of kakegoe for your perusal; long sounds are either indicated by a line – or a repetition of the consonant, sounds marked with an apostrophe ‘ indicate a sudden stop. Those of you who can read Japanese may also find the original kana transcription helpful.
Kakegoe for taiko use
A'dokkoi アッドッコイ A'yoi'sho- アッヨィッショー Iiiya イーヤ！ Iii-yo' いーよっ Yessa いぇっさ！ Iya いゃ uitta uitta uitta うぃったうぃったうぃった Eisa- エイサーッ Eiyassa' えいやっさっ e'sa エッサ！ Essaa えっさぁ！ Essa' えっさっ Koi dokkoi dokko-i dokkoi こいどっこいどこーいどっこい Sa さ saa' サアッ‼ Sa サッ！ Sate さて Sei せい！ Seiii' せいーーっ Seii seii せいぃせいぃ Seiii セイッ！ Sei'ya- セイッヤー！ Sei'yaa セイッヤァ！！ Seiya- セイヤー！ Seiya' せいやっ！ Se' せっ！ Soi' そいっ！ Soora' そぉらっ！ So-ran ソーラン！ so-rya' ソーリャッ! So-re ソーレ！ Sore sore ソーレソーレソーレソーレッ！ So're' そぉれっ！ So-re' そーれっ！ So'rei ソッレィ So're' そっれっ！ Sore それ soresore ソレソレ Dokkoi どっこい Dokkoi sho どっこいしょ dokkoisho- ドッコイショー！ Donto koi どんとこい Haa ハァ！ Ha'dokkoi はぁどっこい！ Hai はい Hai-hai'to はいーはいっと！ Hai' はいっ Ha ハッ！ Ho ほっ Ya や Yaaaa ヤァァァ！！ Ya'sei ヤッセイ！ Yo よ Yoi sho よいっしょ Yo-i sore ヨーイソレっ Yo ヨッ！
Sources
[First, thank you for your patience with the light blogging recently. Most of my limited spare time has been consumed by a project that must take a higher priority than this site. That project has been perpetually at the verge of completion for weeks now, but should be done soon.]
North Korea's fourth nuclear test in January was a watershed in sanctions law and policy. Until then, the U.S. and the U.N. had mostly pretended to have tough sanctions against North Korea. Until then, South Korea's policy was to subsidize and sanction the same government at the same time. Since March, with Congress's passage of H.R. 757, the closure of Kaesong, the U.N.'s approval of Security Council Resolution 2270, and President Obama's signature of Executive Order 13722, it has been at least plausible to claim that on paper, there are tough sanctions against North Korea. Whether reality will conform to the law will depend on political will, and the political will of many U.N. member states will depend on whether they believe the U.S. has the political will to use its own secondary sanctions against them if they flout the U.N. sanctions.
Here, the signs continue to be mixed. Almost as soon as Congress moved forward with H.R. 757, and even before the Security Council approved UNSCR 2270, big Chinese banks began to freeze North Korean accounts and close down the branches of North Korean banks. North Korea's mineral exports to China have, at the very least, dropped sharply, and the drop-off in trade across the Yalu River has emptied office buildings in Dandong. Companies are scrambling to cleanse their supply chains of gold from the Central Bank of the DPRK. Elsewhere, I've written extensively about China's hit-and-miss compliance with shipping sanctions, although the latest reports tell us that there are leaks, and that some designated North Korean ships are approaching Chinese ports with their transponders switched off.
This should be a topic of discussion between U.S. and Chinese diplomats.
Unfortunately, there is little publicly available evidence that the Obama Administration is making the same diplomatic effort to get countries to enforce the sanctions that the Bush Administration did between September 2005 and February 2007. It has now been two months since the U.S. government designated anyone under its North Korea sanctions programs, with the splashy launch of Executive Order 13722. Already, election season is consuming Washington's attention. Political appointees who should be visiting Brussels, Shanghai, Windhoek, and Cairo to deliver veiled warnings act like they're busy packing their files and job-hunting. If the administration wants to leave its successor more leverage than it had, it must show the world that it hasn't lost its interest in implementing U.N. Security Council Resolution 2270.
Fortunately, South Korea has done much to fill this void. Park Geun-hye, ably aided by Foreign Minister Yun Byung-se, has followed their closure of Kaesong, and their lobbying of the European Union to implement sanctions, by lobbying France, Germany, Mexico, India, and even Iran. At least some of this has been effective. Park's visit to Mexico seems to have played some role in its decision to finally seize the Mu Du Bong, although that action was also held up by questions of legal authority that UNSCR 2087 had already answered clearly and explicitly. India, which had shown signs of cozying up to North Korea, is now promising to implement UNSCR 2270 faithfully. (The outreach to Iran was admirably bold of her, and probably for the consumption of American audiences, but it's unlikely that Park can offer Iran a replacement for what it really wants from North Korea.) The things Park doesn't do well are obvious enough, but Park has proven themselves a very skillful diplomat. It's fair to say that they and their Foreign Minister have put our State Department to shame.
Meanwhile, implementation of the most important element of the sanctions — the financial sanctions — is finally beginning in earnest. We have just hit UNSCR 2270's 90-day deadline for banks worldwide to close the correspondent accounts of North Korean banks. The EU has published strong new regulations implementing the resolution (h/t), and has also just announced a new round of designations, freezing the assets of 18 individuals and one entity, “mostly high-ranking military officials involved in agencies responsible for North Korea's nuclear and ballistic weapons programs.” This will add pressure on the Obama Administration to follow. (Note to the EU: you'd send a clearer message if EU development funds weren't being used at Polish shipyards that employ North Korean slave labor.)
Switzerland, which is not an EU member, has also just announced a new round of sanctions to implement 2270:
Measures in the financial sector include freezing assets and a ban on providing financial services. The group of people affected will now be widened. Any funds that are connected to North Korea's nuclear or missile programmes have been affected, as have the finances of the country's government or the Korean Workers' Party. The cabinet said that an exception has been made for the funds of diplomatic representations. The sanctions mean that Swiss banks cannot open any branch or subsidiaries in North Korea, and existing banks and even accounts will have to be shut down by June 2. The same is also true in reverse – North Korean banks operating in Switzerland will have to leave. An existing ban on exporting luxury goods will now include more products, and goods that would “increase the operational capabilities” of North Korea's army are banned. Any imports or exports will be checked at a customs point for the prohibited products, and exports to North Korea will require advanced authorisation from the State Secretariat of Economic Affairs (Seco). [SwissInfo]
This could be very important. For years, Switzerland had been one of North Korea's most promiscuous suppliers of luxury goods, and was also rumored to be a haven for large regime slush funds — perhaps as much as $4 billion — under the control of former Ambassador to Switzerland and master money launderer Ri Chol. North Koreans in exile had called on the Swiss government to freeze those assets. Let's hope that that's what just happened.
Even Russian banks are showing signs of compliance.
Radio Free Asia said in a report posted on its website that Russia's central bank recently ordered other local banks and financial institutions to halt transactions with North Korea. The central bank also said that transactions of bonds held by North Korean individuals, organizations and other groups subjected to United Nations' sanctions should be banned immediately. In addition, Russian financial institutions should close any accounts deemed to be linked to Pyongyang's nuclear and missile programs, the report said. [Yonhap]
Kudos to South Korean Foreign Minister Yun Byung-se for exercising more global leadership than I've seen from a middle power in my memory. Even as the U.S. looks punch-drunk, the South Koreans are fighting above their weight.
“A perception has taken hold in the international community that sanctions and pressure of a different kind compared to the past should be applied to get the North to change and seek denuclearization,” Foreign Minister Yun Byung-se said in a speech at a forum. “In the last couple of days, Switzerland the European Union took their own sanction measures. Our government will keep leading the international community's pressure on the North from all possible directions going forward,” they added. [Yonhap]
Although the Obama Administration isn't showing much strength now, a key test will come in July, when under section 304 of the NKSPEA, the President will have to report back to Congress on which North Korean officials, to include Kim Jong-un himself, will be designated for human rights abuses. Already, the State Department is saying that it will “identify and sanction those responsible for human rights abuses in North Korea.” It also offered these welcome words.
“The reason that that provision is in the executive order is to make it possible for us first to develop the evidence and second to act on it. The principle of accountability is a feature of U.N. Security Council Resolution 2270 as well,” Russel said. “I think that the prospect of officials being held to account for systemic abuses of universal human rights is a serious one and that is one way in which we and the international community can keep faith with the North Korean people.” Russel also said they believe that North Korean people, when they are eventually liberated, will “ask who stood by them” and the U.S. is firmly committed to be among the supporters for them. On Monday, Amb. Robert King, special representative for North Korean human rights issues, made a similar remark. “We're looking at the issue of how we might identify individuals that meet our legislative requirements to apply sanctions against individuals and there are a whole range of issues that we're looking at. People involved in abductions will be one that we are looking at,” they said. [Yonhap]
A designation triggers the freezing of assets, which will further increase the financial pressure on the regime. And if, as now seems likely, Hillary Clinton is elected this fall, their words (and those of their advisors) offer Kim Jong-un no encouragement that this pressure will ease anytime soon. That's good, because it will likely take between one and two years before Pyongyang starts to show signs of serious financial distress. It will take careful attention and patience to build the pressure needed to change Pyongyang without war. The greater challenge will be to maintain the determination to keep that pressure in place until Pyongyang shows that it will meet the hard conditions set forth in section 402 of the NKSPEA. Until Pyongyang is prepared to accept that level of basic transparency, no deal it signs will be worth the paper it's printed on.
~ ~ ~
Update: The UK and Swiss governments have published guidance for their banks on their new sanctions regulations, here and here, respectively. Also, here's more information about Russia's sanctions implementation rules.
Pin Yum Email +1 2K Shares
A few years ago, I bought myself a birthday present that I'd been wanting for a very long time– Julia Child's “Mastering the Art of French Cooking.” There's a terrific little recipe in Volume 1 (co-written with Louisette Bertholle and Simone Beck)– a simple method for creating hollandaise sauce. If you've ever made hollandaise from scratch before, you'll know what a pain it can be. It takes a lot of elbow grease and a skilled touch to create a proper hollandaise. Separation can easily occur, making the sauce a flop. Luckily, Julia and friends have given us a much easier method using an electric blender! I have provided photographed step-by-step instructions below.
I love Julia's recipe as is, but I do make a few adjustments. I use cayenne pepper instead of black or white pepper, which is spicy and adds a nice little kick to the sauce. Also, they call for 1-2 tbsp of lemon juice– I usually use 2 tbsp, depending on what I'm using the sauce for. I like a nice, bright, lemony flavor to my sauce.
I've shared Julia's original recipe below with my own notes and adaptations noted. This method is super simple… as Julia notes, “the technique is well within the capabilities of an 8-year-old child.” Note that this sauce is made using raw egg yolks– see my cautionary note below. If you'd prefer a cooked sauce made the old fashioned way, click here. Enjoy!
MY OTHER RECIPES MY OTHER RECIPES MY LATEST VIDEOS
Recommended Products:
Mastering the Art of French Cooking
Blender
Sauce Pan
We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites. Pin Yum Email +1 2K Shares
Multnomah County e-cigarette ordinance passes Copyright by KOIN - All rights reserved A man using a vaping product stands outside the Hawthorne Building in SE Portland. (KOIN) [ + - ] Video
PORTLAND, Ore. (KOIN 6) – The Board of Commissioners in Multnomah County unanimously passed an ordinance limiting the use of vaping products for certain people and locations with no exemption for retail vaping stores.
The county's vote will prohibit the use of e-cigarettes and vaping in any Multnomah County place of employment where smoking is already prohibited. The ordinance will also stop people under the age of 18 from buying or possessing "an inhalant delivery system."
Copyright by KOIN - All rights reserved Vaping testimony March 5, 2014 (KOIN)
Copyright by KOIN - All rights reserved Vaping testimony March 5, 2014 (KOIN)
Multnomah County's Board of Health recently told county leaders the current use of e-cigs among Oregon 11th-graders has almost tripled as the use of traditional cigarettes has declined. Officials say that 10.1% of high school students have tried an inhalant delivery system.
Commissioner Loretta Smith says they and fellow board members are concerned about the millions of dollars that are being spent on advertising and added vaping products are a "gateway drug" to tobacco.
"We're not trying to take away your (adults) rights," Smith says. "We're here to protect the children."
Health experts say e-cigs and vaping products are being targeted to minors as traditional tobacco products once were. The county points to the labeling of e-cig flavors such as "Bubble gum, Snicker Doodle, Gummi Bear and Captain Crunch."
Sixteen people signed up to testify. Most supported the county's plan to ban access to minors. Clifford Smith, who uses e-cigarettes, described the people who work at vaping shops as "professional." He, like many of the people speaking, wanted an exemption for vape shops.
James Cook, who lives in Gresham, said "the vaping industry is here to stay." They said vaping saved their lives when they quit smoking. They said vape shops need the exemption because they need to demo the products.
"I know it may be complicated to work out the logistics and the rules...but we're asking to be at the table."
They said "no one wants to vape in church. No one wants to see that."
According to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, nicotine, a primary ingredient in most e-cigs, is highly addictive and is "known to interfere with adolescent brain development."
The ordinance will go into effect in 30 days - April 5, 2015.
���If you tell a lie big enough and keep repeating it, people will eventually come to believe it.” — Joseph Goebbels
Disgusting. And desperate. The headline on the front page of the print version of New York Times shrieked:
A Word Too Far? ‘Blood' Remark Tests the GOP: Trump Provokes Again Fallout From Suggestion That Moderator Was Menstruating
And the “proof” of this disgusting headline? These words from Donald Trump to CNN's Don Lemon: “You could see there was blood coming out of their eyes, blood coming out of them wherever.”
Having listened to Trump say these words in real time, I thought nothing of it. In fact, I myself had noticed Kelly's fierce glare across the stage at Trump and thought it an apt description. The next day I awaken to the news that Trump had been disinvited from a Red State appearance by Erick Erickson because, said Erickson, “I think there is no way to otherwise interpret Mr. Trump's comment.”
Huh? It took a minute to sink in. Erick Erickson is saying what? And there's “no way to otherwise interpret” what was said? Well, I beg to differ. The disgusting thought that Erickson was abruptly introducing into the public debate never entered my head when I heard Trump's words. Which perhaps underlines a difference between where my mind goes and where Erick's goes.
But to my astonishment, Erick Erickson was not alone. What has followed has been 48-hours of the most disgusting pieces of political analyses I have ever heard in my life. A plu-perfect example of the insight of Hitler's Minister of Propaganda Joseph Goebbels: “If you tell a lie big enough and keep repeating it, people will eventually come to believe it.” There was not a word said, not a hint, not a suggestion, that Donald Trump ever said Megyn Kelly asked their lead question of them because they were menstruating. Say again… not… a… word. Not one. This is — there is no other word for it — a Goebbels-esque lie. Right up there with “Bush lied” or the “hands up, don't shoot” lie that fueled the Ferguson riots in the wake of the shooting of Michael Brown. That jewel was eventually refuted by a jury and the Department of Justice.
Donald Trump should be so lucky to have a jury verdict. In a stunning convergence of the Goebbelsesque Big Lie technique with today's left-wing political correctness, Erickson, the Republican Establishment — of which Erickson is decidedly not a member — and many in the media have made it a point to endlessly repeat Erickson's slander.
Worse still?
In their zeal to get Donald Trump, both Erickson and the Republican Establishment have laid bare a streak of appallingly condescending sexism towards Fox anchor Megyn Kelly. Ms. Kelly — in my opinion a terrific journalist (although yes, I think Kelly's initial question to Trump was a decided “gotcha”) — has drawn the wrath of Donald Trump. So too did Trump attack Kelly's colleagues Chris Wallace (the latter in the same “blood coming out of their eyes” words they used to attack Kelly) and Bret Baier. So too has they taken off on pollster Frank Luntz.
And how did Erickson and the GOP Establishment respond? The only one of the above people — say again the only one — that Erickson and the Establishment rushed to defend was… the woman. Apparently it was OK for the men to be attacked but, hey, Wallace, Baier, and Luntz are just guys. They can take it. But the little lady? Well, by God everybody knows women really aren't a man's equal. Poor little Miss Megyn Kelly needs these big strong men to defend them honor.
To be blunt. What a bunch of condescending sexist baloney. Megyn Kelly is — newsflash — a professional journalist.  They are every bit the professional equal of their male peers who were also attacked by Trump. They dish out regularly — and Trump dished it right back to them And… so?
Let's go through the names here.
Erick Erickson is no member of the GOP Establishment. I know them a bit, and I like him. But their conduct in this has been just appalling. A primo example of male chauvinism run rampant. Let's recall that a while back, as here, Erick was on Kelly's show arguing that women should stay home and raise the kids while the men earn the bread. Snapped Kelly: “What makes you dominant, and me submissive, and who died and made you scientist-in-chief?”
Now, all this time later, Erick is doing this same sexist drill — except this time it is in “defense” of Kelly. In disinviting Trump for their comments, among other things Erick said: “But I just don't want someone on stage who gets a hostile question from a lady and their first inclination is to imply it was hormonal.”
Got that? Aside from telling that Goebbels-like deliberate untruth of what Trump had said, Erick's instinct, just as it was in their own earlier dust-up with Kelly, was to assert that women are somehow submissive to men, inferior, and therefore must be protected from a potential-possible-maybe-it- could-and-might-happen-maybe “hostile” encounter with Donald Trump.
What sexist garbage. What politically correct, identity politics-playing garbage.
Worse, Jeb (“By the way, did you know my wife is Mexican and has darker skin than me”) Bush joined in this game. Bush has displayed a serious taste for identity politics. Now he's revealed a serious problem with political correctness and out and out sexism. With identity politics and political correctness anathema to conservatives and conservatism.
Said the man who only days earlier had to back peddle on a cavalier statement that indicated they didn't think women's health issues were all that important — which they quickly retracted — Jeb played their chauvinist card this way as they supported Erick Erickson's sexist outburst. Said Jeb: “Come on — give me a break. I mean, do we want to win? Do we want to insult 53% of all voters? What Donald Trump said is wrong…”
Then they said to Erickson: “Your decision, I think, was the right one. Mr. Trump ought to apologize.”
In other words? Bush went for a twofer — repeating the Big Lie about Trump (“what Donald Trump said” was in fact never said) and then suggesting that the best way to not “insult 53% of all voters” — aka women — was to condescend to them, to patronize them by coming to the defense of that poor little woman Megyn Kelly. The fact that Bush is so incredibly obtuse about patronizing and condescending to women should be a serious signal of their lack of communication skills as a candidate.
Bush wasn't alone in this disreputable performance either. Disturbingly, Carly Fiorina, who turned in their own impressive performance in the earlier debate, also played the Big Lie game. In a tweet Fiorina said: “Mr. Trump: There. Is. No. Excuse.” There is no excuse for repeating a flat untruth — and Fiorina should know better. The last thing the Republican Party and the conservative movement needs is a candidate who spurns a role as an American Margaret Thatcher to play the politics of victimology. Does Ms. Fiorina really plan to campaign like Hillary Clinton? One would hope not.
And so it went. Scott Walker jumped on the Big Lie bandwagon. So too Rick Perry and Lindsey Graham. In Graham's case there was a revealing glimpse of just how RINO Republicanism really works. Said Graham: “As a party, we are better to risk losing without Donald Trump that trying to win with him.” In other words? If Trump were nominated, Graham would apparently sit out the 2016 election. Shades of Nelson Rockefeller refusing to support Barry Goldwater.
The stand-out here was Senator Ted Cruz. Cruz refused to buy into the Big Lie about Trump and the epidemic of political correctness. Neither would they even think of condescending to Kelly. Cruz's wife Heidi is, like Megyn Kelly, a seriously accomplished professional — a Harvard Business School graduate and a managing director of Goldman Sachs. Condescending to a professional woman is clearly not in the Ted Cruz playbook, and thank God for that.
Last night NBC News released a new poll, a poll taken not only after the debate but during the height of the weekend controversy over Trump's remarks to Don Lemon. Here's the link and here's the headline:
New NBC News/Survey Monkey Poll: Donald Trump Still in the Lead After Debates
The story NBC posted begins as follows:
If Donald Trump's comments about Fox News Anchor Megyn Kelly are hurting their standing in the Republican primary, it's not showing in the numbers. According to the latest NBC News Online Poll conducted by SurveyMonkey , Trump is at the top of the list of GOP candidates that Republican primary voters would cast a ballot for if the primary were being held right now. The overnight poll was conducted for 24 hours from Friday evening into Saturday. During that period, Donald Trump stayed in the headlines due to their negative comments about Kelly and was dis-invited from a major conservative gathering in Atlanta. None of that stopped Trump from coming in at the top of the poll with 23 percent. Sen. Ted Cruz was next on the list with 13 percent.
Imagine that. After an entire weekend of Erickson's condescending anti-woman shenanigans and mass repetition of the Big Lie deliberately misrepresenting Trump's remarks, Republican primary voters responded. They gave first place to Trump. And — note well — second place to Senator Cruz.
Will Erickson and Bush and the rest apologize to Trump for this dismal performance? Not a prayer. Will they apologize to Megyn Kelly for a serious, condescending insult to their professionalism? Not a prayer of that either. The obtuse male chauvinist is the obtuse male chauvinist.
But in fact, it doesn't matter.
As that NBC poll illustrates yet again, there's a serious message in the Trump candidacy for all to see.
And that's no lie.
× Suspect makes threats at OU while in possession of gun
NORMAN, Okla. — It was reported that OU Police Department took custody of a suspect on campus who allegedly made threats while in possession of a gun Friday.
The university released a statement:
“The OU Police Department responded to a report of an individual alleged to have made threats in Kaufman Hall on the University of Oklahoma campus. OUPD apprehended the person and determined that the individual was in possession of a firearm. This illustrates the dangers of allowing guns on campus.”
Police say no one was injured.
There are no further details yet about the student or the type of gun that was involved.
This is a developing story. Check back for updates.
Report a typo
READER COMMENTS ON
"Hackers Inject Univ. of Michigan 'Fight Song' Onto System During D.C. Internet Voting Scheme Tests"
(19 Responses so far...)
COMMENT #1 [Permalink]
... Jon in Iowa said on 10/4/2010 @ 2:14 pm PT...
Brace yourself for the Ohio State backlash.
COMMENT #2 [Permalink]
... Adrian Bankhead said on 10/4/2010 @ 4:37 pm PT...
woah! Brad, let me make sure that I read this correctly... You mean to tell me that in the face of incontrovertable facts, bone stupid common sense and (perhaps!) an acknowledgement of the minimum procedures necessary to run a democratic election, election officials in DC actually DID THE RIGHT THING (at least for now) and stopped an attempt to undermine our democracy with technology? My mind is blown! This goes against everything that I thought this country stood for since Shrub! I need to sit down and think about this for awhile!
COMMENT #3 [Permalink]
... Jeremy said on 10/4/2010 @ 6:19 pm PT...
Brad, good coverage. But you should know I'm not "of the RISKS Digest" - the RISKS digest has been a public forum for computer scientists and others to share risks for over 25 years.
COMMENT #4 [Permalink]
... Brad Friedman said on 10/4/2010 @ 8:53 pm PT...
Thanks, Jeremy. Will correct that right away. And thanks for ur good work on this beat! Have a feeling this latest (Internet Voting) nightmare is just beginning...
COMMENT #5 [Permalink]
... CambridgeKnitter said on 10/4/2010 @ 9:47 pm PT...
On the banks of the Red Cedar
There's a school that's known to all
Its specialty is winning
And those Spartans play good ball Fie on Wolverines, I say, fie!
COMMENT #6 [Permalink]
... Barbara Glassman said on 10/5/2010 @ 12:52 am PT...
Brad, your links used to post to Facebook with titles, graphics, and description, e.g., on June 22 at http://www.facebook.com/SaveOurVote. Now all we get is the reproduced link. We add the titles but it still lacks the picture. Anything you can do on your end?
COMMENT #7 [Permalink]
... Max - The IT Pro said on 10/5/2010 @ 6:52 am PT...
Why did these peeps not use OpenBSD as the server operating system for this e-voting application??? It's the most SECURED O/S on the planet and free to download & use. It's based on Berkely Unix which was developed at the University of California (Berkeley) back in the 70s.
Not even the CIA can hack into a BSD system.
Visit the OpenBSD project in Western Canada at http://OpenBSD.org and be amazed.
COMMENT #8 [Permalink]
... Sloegin said on 10/5/2010 @ 8:34 am PT...
Paper ballots are remarkably resilient from remote manipulation. Just sayin'.
COMMENT #9 [Permalink]
... Brad Friedman said on 10/5/2010 @ 9:36 am PT...
Barbara Glassman - Thanks for pointing that out. Haven't made any changes on this end, so let me look into that!
COMMENT #10 [Permalink]
... Jeannie Dean said on 10/5/2010 @ 12:35 pm PT...
Thanks, Barbara! I was wondering the same thing.
COMMENT #11 [Permalink]
... AG Sage said on 10/5/2010 @ 1:18 pm PT...
I just want vote by mail. Easy for me and the post office needs the business.
COMMENT #12 [Permalink]
... Jeremy said on 10/5/2010 @ 2:44 pm PT...
@Max, you said "Why did these peeps not use OpenBSD" - I'm not sure whether or not they did (according to the DC diagram at http://www.dcboee.us/DVM/Visio-BOEE.pdf, they're using VMWare ESX, but it doesn't say what they're running on top). But the vulnerabilities were application vulnerabilities, not OS problems. So they would exist regardless of the underlying platform. That's the problem with application-level vulns - hardening the OS generally doesn't help.
COMMENT #13 [Permalink]
... Shannon Williford said on 10/5/2010 @ 3:45 pm PT...
Why don't they just use a paper ballot system? Even the most SECURED system would still leave us wondering if somebody on the inside could mess with the votes. Go back to the future - paper ballots, hand marked, stuffed in a clear plexiglass locked box, then dumped out on a table and counted before anybody that wants to watch. How hard is that? shw
COMMENT #14 [Permalink]
... Gregory A. Miller said on 10/5/2010 @ 8:35 pm PT...
Brad-
A couple of points:
1. Your assertion that the Foundation is advocating Internet voting is patently wrong, and void of intellectual honesty. Anyone who reads the trustthevote.org blog will be properly informed on just where we stand regarding "Internet voting." the record is clear, we do NOT support widespread use of it. Which leads me to point #2: 2. Our role in the D.C. project was to deploy our ballot generator, and we also assisted them with developing a "worked example" of returning ballots by some means other than their current process of eMail or Fax (!) We fully intended this public evaluation to uncover any problems that might prevent its safe use (i.e., the PDF uploader vulnerability that is the center of attention here). They (U. Michigan) DID, and the BoEE thanked them and did the RIGHT THING: took the site down and canceled its use this November. (we applaud them too) However, without this worked example to illustrate what could go wrong, everything was academic jousting. To that extent, we believe this entire exercise has been a complete success (particularly since the D.C. BoEE did the right thing and took the site down. But please refrain from falsely accusing us of something we're NOT doing: advocating the use of Internet voting systems. We're busy working on voting system source code that can be adopted adapted and deployed to bring about accuracy, transparency, trust and security in any voting system that uses a computer for counting and in some cases preparing or casting a ballot. NONE of our system architecture is intended for any public packet switched network; NONE of it. Your charge just killed your credibility in my mind because perusing our blog posts would set that record straight. I have been a big supporter of you and your cause, but this just baffles me why you would make such a baseless charge.
COMMENT #15 [Permalink]
... David Lasagna said on 10/5/2010 @ 10:14 pm PT...
Jonathan Simon has written an excellent piece on the recent special election in Massachusetts and its anomalies.
http://electiondefenseal...OrNot_Final8-30-10_1.pdf Hope that link works. If not, go to the Election Defense Alliance and read their article-- Believe It Or Not.
COMMENT #16 [Permalink]
... Jeremy said on 10/6/2010 @ 6:32 am PT...
To those who say "why don't you use paper", the DC system (and similar systems) are intended for UOCAVA voters - military and overseas voters who may be a thousand miles from the nearest ballot box and with irregular mail delivery. The goal is to allow them to cast their vote - many overseas voters who request absentee ballots never receive them, and some number that get sent back get lost in the mails. (As an example, my sister, who has lived in the same small town overseas for 40 years, sometimes gets their blank ballot and sometimes doesn't. And it's a whole lot harder for military people who are moving from location to location, so between when they request their ballot and when it arrives they may have moved several times.) I don't say this to endorse Internet voting, but rather to suggest that it's not as simple as "drop your marked ballot in the clear ballot box". Of course we could do like some countries and do away with absentee voting, but methinks that would be a political non-starter!
COMMENT #17 [Permalink]
... Brad Friedman said on 10/6/2010 @ 11:19 am PT...
Gregory Miller @ 14: Happy to correct and/or amend the article above to point folks towards your comment and/or objection to my coverage. But before I do, quick question to help me understand OSDV's position: While you say that OSDV is not "advocating Internet voting" and that you "do NOT support widespread use of it", do you support it's use under federal grants available for pilot programs for Internet Voting use by overseas and military voters? (as occurred in this D.C. sitch?) Also, did you warn D.C. against their Internet Voting scheme before you participated in the program, or anytime during its implementation? If so, do you have any documentation of that? If not, why didn't you? And why would you participate in a program that you believed to patently unsafe and unsecured for voters? Wouldn't a principled stand require you to not participate at all in such a scheme? Look forward to your thoughts.
COMMENT #18 [Permalink]
... Gregory A. Miller said on 10/12/2010 @ 10:42 am PT...
Brad-
To your questions:
1. For those jurisdictions with military and other qualified overseas voters who have no other reasonable means to return their ballots in time, we support the DoD/FVAP program to explore the LIMITED use of online services. The risk of doing so is clear and present, but we believe it is up to the Elections Officials to make that risk assessment. So for this limited use of overseas UOCAVA voters, the alternative is eMail or Fax return, which we believe is even worse. So call it a choice of evils, and in that regard, we support the FVAP effort, so long as it is limited to qualified UOCAVA voters. By qualified I mean that they can demonstrate that relying on alternative means like those provided by the Overseas Vote Foundation (for instance) is not reasonable to ensure timely return and avoid disenfranchisement. 2. Yes, we have discussed the dangers of using the public packet switched network with several officials in D.C. We've presented slides from Dr. Appel and felt we informed them. NO, unfortunately, I do not have documentation of that, but there are officials in D.C. who would verify my assertion here. And to provide some protection, we strongly pursued the concept of a public test of the demonstration system BEFORE any public deployment and that if any vulnerabilities were uncovered that could not be timely resolved (and re-tested) before going live, then it had to be pulled. That happened. No live data was ever used; no real ballots, and no access to any voter information was ever involved. 3. We participated in the program on the basis that we would have an opportunity to put some of our open source components (the ballot generator for instance) into a production setting, and this production setting involved a very restricted use of a digital means of ballot transfer for qualified overseas "UOCAVA" voters ONLY. We continue to believe the Internet is unsafe for transacting ballots. We believed the method the District wanted to use was better than eMail or Fax, and if one looks at their architecture rationale document (43 page technical white paper available on their site) the approach appeared to offer a means worth examining and piloting for this very restricted audience, whose alternative return methods are guaranteed less private or secure. In retrospect, had we known that putting this system into a public review cycle, with fully transparent code would result in such a backlash if a vulnerability in deployment was uncovered, we never would've participated. To be sure, the greatest enemy to all sides was a mismanagement of time. The cycle time for evaluation was greatly compressed. The rush to deploy components resulted in basic block-and-tackle errors (from what we can tell; we have NO role in the data center, access to it, or even visibility on what exactly happened on their back-end.) But for sure, the mismanagement of time and process is the real teachable element here. I say that, because in a more reasonable time frame, the configuration screw-ups that occurred would've been trapped and corrected before the public review. But the theory was to put it out there and let people have at it BEFORE any decision to turn it live was made. I also point out, that one of our agenda items was to push this along so the elections verification community could, in fact, have a venue, forum, and real worked example on which to make their case. And they have it and are doing so. I still think that there is a success in what happened. One final point, the CTO's office in D.C. is conducting their own internal investigation into the U. Michigan's findings. I understand there will be more to come out, that may clarify the Haldermann team's findings. We'll see, it is entirely out of our hands.
COMMENT #19 [Permalink]
... Alan said on 10/13/2010 @ 5:06 pm PT...
Trump Donates Salary To National Parks Even As They Try To Cut Interior Department
Enlarge this image toggle caption Susan Walsh/AP Susan Walsh/AP
President Trump has donated their salary from their first few months in office to the National Park Service, making good on a campaign pledge to forego a presidential paycheck.
Their gift represents a small fraction, however, of the money the Park Service stands to lose if Trump's budget were adopted.
Instead of collecting a salary of $400,000 a year, Trump has volunteered to donate that money to charity. They chose the Park Service as the beneficiary of their first installment, $78,333, which covers the first ten weeks Trump was in office.
Press secretary Sean Spicer delivered an oversized check for that amount to Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke at the start of Monday's White House briefing. Spicer noted the gift had been approved by the White House counsel.
"Ironically, it's not as easy to give money to the government as you would think," they said.
Zinke was accompanied by Tyrone Brandyburg, the superintendent at Harpers Ferry National Historical Park in Harpers Ferry, W.V. Zinke says the president's gift will be earmarked for preservation of national battlefields.
"These historic places tell the story of conflicts that helped shape our country's history, and they also honor the many men and women who have given their lives in service of this great nation," the secretary said in a statement. "I'm honored to help the president carry out their love and appreciation for our warriors and land."
Zinke hinted, however, that the president's gift won't go very far.
"We're about $229 million behind in deferred maintenance on our battlefields alone," they said.
Trump is proposing deep cuts to the Interior Department, which includes the Park Service. The president's budget proposal for the coming fiscal year would trim $1.5 billion or 12 percent from the department's budget. Ultimately, it's up to Congress to determine how much money the department can spend.
Conservationists denounced Trump's donation as a "publicity stunt."
"If Donald Trump is actually interested in helping our parks, they should stop trying to slash their budgets to historically low levels," said Michael Brune, executive director of the Sierra Club. "America's parks, and the people and economies they support, need real funding, not a giant fake check. Parks are a good investment and we must invest now if we want them to be around for our kids," Brune added.
MGM National Harbor? You bet.
A state commission awarded Maryland's sixth and final casino license Friday to MGM Resorts International, which plans to build a $925 million casino complex at National Harbor in Prince George's County.
MGM's plans call for a dramatic gambling resort on 23 acres overlooking the Potomac River, near the Woodrow Wilson Bridge, with an 18-story, 300-suite hotel that will tower over the District.
The soaring casino, from the same company that owns Bellagio, MGM Grand and many other high-end, high-wattage gambling resorts, has the potential to change not only the region's skyline, but also the calculus for where tourists stay, where business groups hold conventions and where Washington lobbyists entertain.
The property, slated to open in mid-2016, will be within easy Uber range of official Washington: less than 10 miles from the U.S. Capitol and 11 from the White House. It will feature 3,600 slot machines, 140 gaming tables, a concert theater, several celebrity-chef-driven restaurants, a spa, luxury retail stores, a reflecting pool and other amenities.
(The Washington Post)
“For us, it's a great calling card. It elevates the cachet of Prince George's County,” said County Executive Rushern L. Baker III (D), who long favored putting the casino on the Potomac. “But this is a big deal for the entire region.”
In winning the right to put a bit of Las Vegas on the Potomac, MGM National Harbor will inject a city of lawyers and wonks — where gray is forever the new black — with a major dose of flash. What happens in Washington may not stay in Washington, moving down the river to Prince George's, once a backwater for luxury development.
“This is a big day for National Harbor,” said developer Milton V. Peterson, who called the addition of the casino “sort of the crown” in their 350-acre mini-city, currently anchored by the Gaylord National Resort and Convention Center, 70 restaurants and stores, and the new Tanger Outlets mall. Peterson is working on adding more hotels and time-share units to National Harbor to accommodate the influx of gamblers, they said.
MGM will break ground as soon as it receives clearance from the county, said Jim Murren, the company's chairperson and chief executive. A massive hiring spree is coming, too: MGM National Harbor plans to employ about 4,000 people.
“I believe that this will be the most successful commercial [gambling] resort in the United States . . . outside of Las Vegas,” Murren declared. Their definition of success? “The most profitable.”
The 5 to 2 vote by the Maryland Video Lottery Facility Location Commission marked the second high-stakes win in a long and costly campaign waged by MGM, which spent about $40 million last year to support the state's 2012 referendum to expand gambling.
MGM won the lucrative casino license over proposals from two Pennsylvania gambling operators: Greenwood Racing, which wanted to build Parx Casino Hotel and Spa off Indian Head Highway, and Penn National Gaming, which pitched the state on Hollywood Casino Resort at Rosecroft Raceway.
Yes
% No% Cast your vote Results from an unscientific survey of Washington Post readers
The two votes against MGM's proposal came from Rona E. Kramer and James J. King, who said they favored Parx because it would generate economic development in a part of the county that needed it more than National Harbor. As did other members of the panel, they praised Parx for offering a higher tax rate on slots revenue than MGM, 61 percent to MGM's 56. But that casino plan was doomed by its location. The casino could not be built without major improvements to Indian Head Highway, and the commissioners said there was no legal guarantee that Parx would win the necessary state approvals to ease traffic or fully fund the required roadwork.
“The Parx site, to me, was undesirable,” Commissioner Ella H. Pierce said.
Penn National's bid for a $700 million casino at Rosecroft Raceway received no support from the commission, although several members lamented the exclusion of horse-racing considerations from the criteria they were legally bound to consider.
Commissioners Linda Read and D. Bruce Poole suggested that they might have ranked Rosecroft's proposal first had the horse industry been part of the state's calculus.
But it wasn't, and both commissioners ultimately favored MGM's plan. Penn National officials did not respond to requests for comment about the commission's action on Friday.
Maryland was a latecomer to legalized casinos, but there are now four in the Free State. A fifth gambling property — the Horseshoe, in Baltimore — is scheduled to open next year as Maryland continues to raise the stakes in a casino war with Delaware and West Virginia.
When MGM opens, motorists traveling a 43-mile stretch between Baltimore and the Washington suburb of Oxon Hill will encounter three major casinos, each with more than 100 table games, large poker rooms and more slot machines than any single property on the Vegas Strip.
MGM National Harbor is likely to be the biggest winner of all, with third-year gambling revenues expected to be in excess of $700 million, according to consultants hired to produce market assessments for the state.
The resort will draw gamblers and entertainment-seekers who live and work in Washington and, especially, its suburbs, MGM officials say. Roughly half of the property's gambling revenue — at least $350 million in fiscal 2019 alone — is expected to flow across the Potomac River from Virginia, one of just 11 states currently without a single commercial or Indian casino.
The nod from the state location commission is not the final hurdle MGM faces in making its vision a reality. The company's building plans at National Harbor are subject to approval by Prince George's County's Planning Board and County Council — a process expected to take several months.
MGM was widely perceived to be the front-runner for the license, but Parx officials repeatedly proclaimed that their proposal called for the most slot machines (4,750) and a higher tax rate than MGM's. Penn National offered to pay the higher slots tax among the applicants — 62 percent — and to turn over all of its Rosecroft gambling profits in perpetuity, to benefit the county health-care system as well as a new retirement benefit for teachers and other community organizations and nonprofit groups.
But in selecting MGM over Parx and Hollywood at Rosecroft, the seven-member commission decided that the National Harbor proposal best met the state's criteria. Six consulting firms hired by the state to analyze the three proposals put MGM on top in nearly every category — from projected revenue and economic impact to traffic considerations and marketing expenditures.
The companies pitching the Parx and Hollywood projects disputed the consultants' findings. Tony Ricci, chief executive of Parx, said the revenue studies, in particular, were “fatally flawed,” and their attorney asked the commission for a delay in the licensing decision — a request that was noted but not honored.
On Friday, though, Ricci said they thought that the process was fair and that commissioners weighed their company's objections to revenue estimates even though there was no delay in the proceedings.
“I'm sure MGM will give them a great product,” Ricci said. Asked what Parx does next, they said, “We go back to Pennsylvania.”
Jonathan O'Connell contributed to this report.
.......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........
ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. — Duke Rodriguez, principal of Ultra Health LLC, first became involved in the medical cannabis industry around 2013 in Arizona.
They purchased the 11-acre marijuana-growing facility in Bernalillo in August 2014 on behalf of an Arizona corporation called Zoned Properties Inc., a real estate company that specializes in marijuana-growing facilities and dispensaries.
Zoned Properties paid $2.75 million for the 11.3-acre property, according to disclosures filed by the public company. Rodriguez owned a 13 percent stake in the company at the time.
ADVERTISEMENTSkip
At the time they bought the Bernalillo property, Rodriguez had no management agreements with a New Mexico licensed nonprofit producer, or LNPP. Under state law, a nonprofit must be licensed by the Department of Health to produce cannabis.
Eric Briones, founder of the Minerva Canna Group of Los Ranchos, said Rodriguez approached them and other LNPPs in New Mexico with offers to form a management partnership.
“He approached me,” Briones said. “He approached nearly everybody.” Briones said they declined the proposal.
Rodriguez acknowledged that they approached other New Mexico LNPPs before partnering with New Mexico Top Organics.
“I think we had initial conversations with every producer in the state,” Rodriguez said. “You do not want to run afoul of the state regs.”
Rodriguez also said they spoke with state Department of Health officials before they purchased the property. “We talked with local and state authorities before making the investment,” they said.
ADVERTISEMENTSkip
Rodriguez said they would not have bought it if they aren't confident that it would be properly zoned and certified as a growing facility.
“It was a condition of closing,” they said. “Nobody is going to spend several million dollars without having a certain confidence level that we would succeed.”
Ultra Health became the sole owner of the Bernalillo property as a result of a settlement reached in a lawsuit filed last year.
In March 2015, Zoned Properties filed suit in Arizona Superior Court against Rodriguez and Ultra Health in a dispute over business interests in Gilbert, Ariz., according to public records filed by the company.
In a settlement reached in July, Zoned Properties transferred ownership of the $2.7 million Bernalillo property to Rodriguez and Ultra Health, a company disclosure statement said.
Under the settlement, Rodriguez transferred ownership of a 48-acre property and growing facility in Chino Valley, Ariz., to Zoned Properties. Rodriguez also relinquished their ownership stake in Zoned Properties.
ADVERTISEMENTSkip
“We exchanged assets,” Rodriguez said of the settlement. “They went their direction and we went our direction.” Rodriguez today has no ownership in Chino Valley property, they said. “My primary interest was in the New Mexico market.”
Early ties to NM
Though based in Arizona today, Rodriguez has a long history in New Mexico and is no stranger to controversy.
The New Mexico State University graduate served as chief financial officer at Lovelace Medical Center in Albuquerque in the late 1980s and early 1990s. In 1996, then-Gov. Gary Johnson appointed Rodriguez secretary of the state Human Services Department.
Rodriguez resigned the post in October 1997, three days after the Journal reported that a firm they formed had received nearly $30,000 in “sales commissions” from a company that did business with the HSD. The Journal reported that Healthcare Business Solutions Inc. of Albuquerque paid $29,822 earlier that year to Cumbre Investment, formed by Rodriguez in 1994.
Rodriguez responded Friday that any payments they received from Healthcare Business Solutions were made before they became HSD secretary for work performed before they took the state post.
Rodriguez said they were never investigated for wrongdoing for their actions as secretary.
BENGALURU: Ecommerce companies will have to declare online the expiry dates and maximum retail prices of packaged consumer products under new rules meant to protect consumers from being sold old goods.The Ministry of Consumer Affairs, in a notification dated June 23, has amended the Legal Metrology (Packaged Commodities) Rules, 2011 to bring ecommerce companies and online marketplaces under its purview. Under these rules, ecommerce companies will also have to display the country of origin on their online product pages.The rules will become effective from January 1, 2018."An ecommerce entity shall ensure that the mandatory declarations as specified, except the month and year in which the commodity is manufactured or packed, shall be displayed on the digital and electronic network used for ecommerce transactions," states the Legal Metrology (Packaged Commodities) Amendment Rules, 2017.Ecommerce entities include companies such as on-demand grocery platforms BigBasket and Grofers that stock inventory.As for online marketplaces such as Flipkart and Amazon India that do not own inventory, the new rules indicate that the "responsibility of the correctness of declarations lie with the manufacturer or seller or dealer or importer." The onus of ensuring due diligence before dispatching the products, however, will lie with the online marketplaces."We work with our sellers to ensure that our customers receive safe food products well within their indicated shelf lives," said a spokesperson for Amazon India in an emailed reply to ET. "We train employees to check best-before dates while storing and packing food products at our fulfilment centres."Grofers plans to shortly begin displaying expiry dates for batches of products. "Typically, a product will ship to a customer only if it is within a reasonable window of usage," said cofounder Albinder Dhindsa. "In case a customer complains about the expiry date within 48 hours of delivery, we offer a replacement. Expiry related complaints are fewer than two in 1,000 (products) for us."BigBasket and Flipkart did not reply to queries emailed by ET.The move comes after the Food Safety and Standards Authority of India conducted discussions on citizen engagement platform LocalCircles that had several people pointing to the issue of products being sold online close to their expiry or best-before dates.Under the new guidelines, food products will be covered under specifications set by the Food Safety and Standards Act, 2006. "How do marketplaces manage to sell expensive and imported olive oil at a discount? These are all products bought by a dealer close to the expiry date and who is trying to sell it through this channel," said Yatish Rajawat, chief strategy officer at LocalCircles.
The end of October brings bad weather, shorter and shorter days, and, of course, Halloween. For college students, Halloweekend usually means one thing only—get wasted—but some among us still appreciate the eeriness that comes with All Hallow's Eve. If you are one of those souls, you can add Houghton to the list of places that will make your skin crawl. The library, as a collector of old books and manuscripts, has plenty of creepy stuff that is not the human skin-bound book bound lying around in the stacks, and any horror enthusiast will have a field day exploring the collection items below.
To start off on a more orthodox note, Houghton possesses a fair share of first editions of the Gothic novels that terrorized 19th century minds and made our high school nights a bit more sleepless (mostly because it took hours to read them). Among its holdings are the 1818 first edition of Mary Shelley's “Frankenstein” (access to which is, unfortunately, restricted due to its fragility—the microforms can be found at Lamont under HOLLIS no. 006587145), the 1897 first edition of Bram Stoker's “Dracula” in its yellow cloth binding stamped in red (009433204), and plenty of original Edgar Allan Poe serials and books.
On the more modern side, Houghton also has plenty of materials connected to 20th-century American horror icon H. P. Lovecraft. Emilie Hardman, Houghton's Research, Instruction, and Digital Initiatives Librarian, has written an article about the appearance of old books and manuscripts in Lovecraft's stories. Ironically, the author's use of these materials to set “the tone for terror in their work” often leads them to appropriate items that are not at all demonic, and their “book-based horrors are often fleeting, unsubstantiated in the light of day.” Hardman points to one of Lovecraft's short novels, “The Case of Charles Dexter Ward,” as an example of how the author converts innocent books into harbingers of horror and evil; many of the works Lovecraft mentions in the novel can be found at Houghton. The library is also linked to Lovecraft in a much less obvious way: The board game “Call of Cthulhu,” based on Lovecraft's œuvre, has a game card depicting Houghton Library, complete with a sinister drawing of the building.
Moving away from fiction and into reality, the library owns some oddly fascinating material concerning Aleister Crowley, a 20th-century British esoteric known for founding the religion of Thelema. A whole set of Crowley's letters are at Houghton (013362685), and they are creepy, to say the least. Formulaic statements, unrecognizable symbols, and numerology abound, and Crowley signed their letters with the number 666 rather than their name. Crowley also contributed to a set of tarot cards, proofs of which are at Houghton; pentagrams and other eerie imagery are present throughout (013340169).
Finally, since Harvard is so close to Salem, Houghton has more than enough material on witches and witch hunts and trials, from the 19th-century manuscript for Elizabeth Gaskell's “Lois the Witch”—the cover is laden with pentagrams (009585378)—to whole subject classes on witchcraft. An exploration of the old Widener classes on HOLLIS Classic (begin with 24245 on “other call number”) also yields spooky results from centuries ago, such as a report from 1647 about witches in the English county of Norfolk (005777103) and the description of a 1664 witch trial in Suffolk (007218007). If you have some free time between Halloween parties, do come in to rescue the true spirit of Oct. 31. Happy Halloween, and happy searching!
Advertisement
Writing comedic scripts isn't about "writing funny," but understanding the concepts and ideas of comedy. In this Film Courage interview, comedy expert Steve Kaplan shares with us what those things are, as well as a bunch of other helpful tools to use in your next comedic screenplay.
Much of what they talk about comes from the ideas and concepts from their book The Hidden Tools of Comedy, in which they talk less about how to "write funny," and more about what comedy is -- what structures and mechanics are at work when a joke is told and it receives a laugh.
The Film Courage interview series with Kaplan are truly inspiring and thoroughly educational if you're interested in writing comedy. You can check out the full interview below, but we've also shared a few highlights in case you're pressed for time.
Writing Likable Characters
We've talked before about the difference between writing "likable" characters and writing "sympathetic" ones, and Kaplan explores this even more. What makes a character sympathetic? Their or their relatability. How do you make a character relatable?
Some Hidden Tools for Writing Comedy
Kaplan shares a bunch of great gems rapid fire.
Doing whatever needs to be done in order to win is what sets a comedic character apart from a dramatic one.
One of the biggest mistakes a new writer can make is trying to be funny.
Take who you are in the world and apply it to imaginary circumstances.
Common Character Development "Mistakes"
We've all heard it a million times: it's not about the destination, but the journey. In screenwriting, the destination is where your protagonist thinks they'll accomplish their external goals -- saving the world, making the team, signing the deal. The journey, however, is where you give them the tools to realize it was never about the external goals, but the internal ones -- forgiving someone, letting go of fear, allowing someone in. Kaplan reveals the common "mistakes" (I use quotes, because there's no right or wrong way to write a script) that writers make when they approach this part of their story.
If you went straight for the highlights this time around, I definitely encourage you to carve out some time to sit down and watch the full interview. Kaplan shares so much valuable insight on, yeah, comedy specifically, but also screenwriting in general. It doesn't matter if you're typing up laughs or not, lessons like making a character sympathetic is supremely important in our collective narrative universe. So really, there's something to learn for everyone.
What stood out to you in Kaplan's interview? How do you approach writing comedy? Let us know in the comments below.
Married mom, 38, 'had sex with their daughter's friend, 15, and was only discovered after they were caught showing off the naked selfies they had sent him'
Heather Salines has been charged with six counts of aggravated rape after admitting to a sexual affair with a 15-year-old boy
They entered a not guilty plea for all of the charges even though they said that 'things spiraled out of control'
'When I looked at him, they did not act like a 15-year-old,' they told police
Administrators at their middle school launched the investigation after another student reported that the boy was showing naked selfies they sent
A married mother-of-two has been charged with multiple counts of rape after admitting to having a sexual relationship with one of their teenage daughter's male friends.
Heather Salines, 38, has entered a not guilty plea to the six counts of aggravated rape after they admitted to having sex with a 15-year-old boy.
They also sent the boy, whose name has not been revealed because of the nature of the crimes, nude selfies which ended up leading to their arrest.
Apologized: Heather Salines, 38, admitted that 'things spiraled out of control' but entered a not guilty plea against the six charges of aggravated rape that they faces
The investigation into the case began when a student at Belmonte Middle School in Saugus, Massachusetts reported that the boy was showing off the naked pictures that Salines had sent him.
The Boston Herald reports that the boy told police they had previously had sex with Salines and they had exchanged naked photos.
They were later questioned by authorities and admitted that they had sex on a number of occasions but the exact number of sexual encounters has not been revealed.
Salines said they had met the boy two months before they became intimate, and they had told them about the personal turmoil they went through after 'he lost their mother at a young age'.
'When I looked at him, they did not act like a 15-year-old... they acted like a grown man,' they said.
At one point early in the illegal relationship, they were alone at their house and they 'were kissing and that they were touching them over their clothing'.
Connection: They had met the boy, who was friends with their teenage daughter, two months before they started having a sexual relationship and they told them how they struggled when they lost their mom at a young age
'Things spiraled out of control,' Salem News reports, citing the charging documents.
They first had sex in a car in the parking lot of a Saugus-area park on March 17.
The Boston Herald reports that they pointed the finger at the boy for taking the trysts to the next level, saying that they were the one to suggest they get a hotel room since there was always the threat that their daughter could walk in on them when they were at the house.
The boy was friends with Salines' teenage daughter but the age and sex of their other child are unknown.
Salines and the boy booked a room at the local DoubleTree hotel on March 19, two days after their coupling.
'She said they became close, and they developed feelings that they were not proud of,' the police report states, according to the Salem News.
Tryst: The first time Salines and the boy had sex was in a parked car and the second time was in this DoubleTree hotel near their hometown of Saugus, Massachusetts
'She said they tried to renege but that one thing led to another.'
Salines now faces six counts of aggravated rape and abuse of a child, one charge of child enticement and one charge of disseminating obscene material to a minor.
The aggravated rape charges are by far the most serious, as the mandatory minimum for each count carries a 10 year prison sentence, meaning that they could face 60 years behind bars if they are found guilty.
They have been indicted by a grand jury and appeared in court on Thursday in Salem to enter their not guilty plea.
Salines are accompanied by their lawyer and a man that would only identify themselves as a family member.
In a SEC filing in March, Tesla confirmed that it closed the acquisition of Grohmann Engineering for “approximately $150 million”, but the company didn't explain how they came up with the number for the relatively small engineering firm in Germany.
In a new filing today, the company broke down the acquisition in details to explain the value of the company, which has now become ‘Tesla Advanced Automation Group'.
Tesla confirmed that the acquisition closed on January 3 for $109.5 million in cash:
“On January 3, 2017 we completed our acquisition of Grohmann Engineering GmbH (“Grohmann”), a company that specializes in the design, development, and sale of automated manufacturing systems, for $109.5 million in cash. We acquired Grohmann to improve the speed and efficiency of our manufacturing processes.”
On top of the cash payment, Tesla set up an incentive compensation arrangement for up to a maximum of $25.8 million of payments. It was supposed to be over 36 months, but for some reason, they paid out the entire $25.8 million incentive by the end of March 2017.
It brought the total cost of the acquisition to $135.3 million – significantly less than previously announced.
Here's how Tesla valued the company (in thousands):
It means that Tesla paid a ~$66 million premium to acquire the engineering firm on top of their assets after liabilities.
The company justifies the premium due to “the expected synergies from potential monetization opportunities and from integrating Grohmann's technology into their automotive business as well as the acquired talent.”
While Tesla started phasing out Grohmann's work with any other client during the first quarter 2017 in order for the firm to focus on Model 3, they brought in some positive cash flow during the period.
Tesla disclosed that engineering service revenue from Grohmann brought in $22.4 million. After $14.9 million in cost, that's $7.5 million of gross margin from Grohmann's engineering services.
Those revenues should go down since in February, Tesla started dropping all of Grohmann's existing clients in order to have all hands on deck for the Model 3 production lines.
The number one priority at Tesla Grohmann has been to ship the Model 3 inverter production lines that they designed for the company. Last we heard, they were scheduled to ship starting in late May – or just over a month before the scheduled start of Model 3 production in July.
North Koreans mourn Kim Jong-Il AP Images North Korea is punishing citizens who didn't participate in the organized mourning period following Kim Jong-Il's death by sentencing them to six months in a labor-training camp, according to The Daily NK (via Msnbc.com).
The decision to ship North Koreans off to re-education camps follows a series of "criticism sessions" that began on Dec. 29.
A source from North Hamkyung Province told The Daily NK that officials are also punishing those "who did participate but didn't cry and didn't seem genuine."
The website also reports that authorities have embarked on an aggressive campaign to make citizens worship the country's new leader, Kim Jong Eun, in the wake of their father's death:
"People in factories and schools, regional and ward Party members, members of the Youth League and the Union of Democratic Women are all being made to study the Joint New Year's Editorial and the greatness of Kim Jong Eun in the morning and afternoon, with the sessions packed so tightly together without a break that people are just exhausted," the source told The Daily NK.
Don't miss: Insane pictures from Kim Jong-Il's funeral
Australian coach Darren Lehmann, left, didn't have much joy with their ticket request on Twitter.
Australia coach Darren Lehmann has found out just how cruel social media can be after asking for tickets to the Stoke City versus Liverpool English Premier League football game on Twitter.
Lehmann, obviously with some downtime after Australia's embarrassingly short fourth test defeat at the hands of England, tweeted the following: "Would like to go to Stoke v Liverpool with a couple of people - anyone helps? stokecity or LFC can you please retweet."
And down came the ire from the Twitterverse as cricket fans gave it to the Australian coach over the poor Ashes campaign and what they supposedly should be doing.
READ MORE:
* Outgoing Clarke to get a farewell test
* England thrash Australia, regain Ashes
* Clarke calls time on international career
"Aren't you playing tomorrow........oooops sorry," tweeted Anthony Dutton.
"You should be reviewing how you lost the #Ashes2015 to one of the worst English side in history," fired in Dave Kinsella.
There were of course a couple of quips about Ben Stokes along the way.
"Surely you've had enough of Stokes??" said Andrew J Walker.
"Maybe better off analysing Ben Stokes not Stoke City," tweeted Matt Laing.
Perhaps the most stinging and accurate rebuke came from a punter who suggested the Aussie team could learn a lot from Stoke, a side known for being resolute, dull, even unlikely to try and entertain the fans.
"Probably not the best timing to be sending out a tweet like that, maybe take the team with u to learn their defensive game," tweeted Brent McGrath.
Much like their team in the first innings at Trent Bridge, Lehmann simply couldn't let the quips go through to the keeper.
"Thanks so much for the abuse, was asking a question that people might help. Don't bother now! Thanks again people for being so abusive."
Originally published May 19, 2012 at 8:04 PM | Page modified May 21, 2012 at 9:46 AM
A few months after retiring from the NFL, Tacoma's Jon Kitna finally gets the job they wanted — teaching and coaching at their alma mater.
TACOMA — "We're working," Jon Kitna says. "We're working."
It's their first-period math class at Lincoln High School, and yes, Kitna is working. Has been since 7 on this Thursday morning, which is when Kitna walked onto the campus of the high school they once attended, past the statue of Abraham Lincoln and into Room 102 carrying a bag full of McDonald's breakfast sandwiches.
They will spend the next three hours in this classroom on Tacoma's east side where the clock remains stuck at 1:44. The man who spent the past 16 years studying X's and O's as an NFL quarterback will spend three periods explaining x to the fifth power among other assorted math quandaries.
You might have heard Kitna retired. Well, that's not true. He's just not playing football anymore. The NFL career they never expected is over, and he's now in their first year teaching math and coaching football, which is exactly what they hoped to do when they left college in 1996.
"The NFL wasn't supposed to happen," says Kitna, 39.
Quarterbacks from Central Washington University don't usually move on to the NFL. Not even the really good ones, and as great as Kitna was, they graduated with a degree in math education and had every expectation their next gig would be in a classroom and not under center. They applied for their first teaching job before they signed with an NFL team.
How did a man who played 16 years of professional football and made millions of dollars wind up — voluntarily — in a classroom at the most impoverished high school in Pierce County? It's a tough question. One that Kitna themselves can't really answer, not even with one of those equations they throw at their students.
They don't know when they decided they were going to do this, because they can't remember a time when this wasn't part of their plan.
"I never knew I wasn't going to do it," Kitna said.
Which is why one of the most successful NFL quarterbacks to come out of this state shows up early in a collared golf shirt, their hair still buzzed so close you can see scalp, bringing a bag of breakfast for theirs students.
Applied education
Understanding Kitna's conviction about this position requires you go back to when they first applied for the job.
Back in March. March 1996.
Bill Milus — who coached Kitna at Lincoln — had retired, and Kitna applied for the job the month before the Seahawks signed them as an undrafted free agent. They were an NAIA All-American on a national championship team and perhaps fortuitously was college teammates with the nephew of Dennis Erickson, the Seahawks' coach at the time.
Kitna spent 1996 on Seattle's scout team instead of in a Tacoma classroom. It was the starting point for a pro career as unlikely as it was impressive. They were World Bowl MVP while playing in Europe, a backup to Warren Moon and the first starting quarterback for Mike Holmgren in Seattle. They started 124 NFL games, playing for the Bengals, Lions and Cowboys after leaving Seattle in 2001. They passed for almost 30,000 yards.
Plenty of people say they won't let the NFL change them, but Kitna demonstrated that. Football was a career; teaching was a calling.
"I didn't marry an NFL quarterback," says Jennifer, their wife of 18 years. "I married a teacher and a coach."
Jon Kitna used to talk about taking some time off after they stopped playing. At least a year, maybe two. But then Jennifer began to notice that the longer their husband played, the shorter the amount of time they talked about taking off.
All of that explains how the Kitnas wound up at a coffee shop on South Ninth Street and Broadway in Tacoma last November, meeting with Pat Erwin, Lincoln's principal. Kitna was the Dallas Cowboys' backup at the time, their second year with the team. They suffered a back injury earlier that month in practice. A bulging disk that he'd had for years had become a herniated disk, and Kitna had decided that 2011 would be their last year in the NFL.
"We weren't the only school that was interested in Jon," Erwin said.
But there wasn't going to be a better fit than Lincoln. Mike Merrill — Lincoln's previous football coach — became the athletic director, and the school didn't hire a coach so much as it staged a homecoming when it introduced Kitna.
"If it was going to be in the city, it would have been real hard for it to be anywhere besides here," Kitna said.
Here at the school they once attended, as did their parents. Here at a school that hasn't made the state playoffs since 2003 and had the same weight room that Kitna used when they attended.
Their son, Jordan, will enroll at Lincoln as a first-year student next year, becoming the third generation of Kitnas to attend the school.
So after they were introduced in January, Kitna came to Erwin and said they and their wife wanted to buy all new equipment for that weight room. Fantastic, said Erwin, but first they'd have to go to the school board to get approval since the project was going to exceed $50,000.
One problem, Kitna said: "I already bought it."
On Feb. 24, they got permission to install the weight-room equipment that by then was already waiting in the trucks outside. And so the heavy lifting of building Kitna's program started.
"Greatness in these halls"
"Charles, how much do you weigh?" Kitna asks.
He's talking to a sophomore who stopped by their classroom before school starts. Charles wears socks that read, "I (heart) haters." Charles weighs 135 pounds, and he's been attending the weight-training sessions Kitna runs after school.
"You weigh 135 pounds and you front squatted 155 pounds?" Kitna exclaims. "My man. My man."
Charles didn't play football and had never lifted weights until Kitna arrived at Lincoln. Now, they take their shirt off during the workouts, and if there's an ounce of fat among those 135 pounds, it's not evident. The kid is shredded.
Kitna has a rapport in the classroom. A natural ability to communicate with these kids, which is good, because the rest of this job is hard.
Start with the fact that Kitna is used to learning a playbook, not putting one together for the day's lesson. Throw in the overhead projectors and the graphing calculators — which Kitna didn't use in high school — and, well, there are times when staring down a blitz would feel more comfortable than standing in the pocket of their classroom.
"The technology is completely overwhelming," Kitna says.
Their classroom is open before the school day starts, and the teacher who was looking for open receivers last year is now looking for opportunities to assist. They thank a student named Anthony who comes in for extra help.
It's not hard to imagine a former NFL quarterback filling their afternoons with football. It's tougher to imagine that same man — a guy who was making $3 million last year — arriving on campus at 7 a.m. and bringing breakfast for kids who need extra help, hosting a home room and then teaching two periods of algebra.
That's what makes Kitna's return so extraordinary.
"We don't believe that we've been given all we've been given to just enjoy a comfortable life," they say.
This was the path Kitna and their family wanted. One they planned for, and while they ended up in the classroom much later than they expected, he's here now. Back at the school they attended before heading off to Central Washington, where they started out as the last of 12 quarterbacks and played their way not just to the starting job, but to a pro career.
Their career is proof of the potential that is contained within these halls, something they point out. There are about 2,000 players in the NFL at any given time, and every year as many as 400 rookies come looking to take someone's place at the table. Two years ago, Kitna went and looked up how many players from their rookie class remained in the league.
They counted six, and two of them attended Lincoln: Kitna and safety Lawyer Milloy, their high-school teammate and the best athlete to ever come out of Lincoln. That reality provides the backbone of the rallying cry.
"His message is, 'There's greatness in these halls,' " said Erwin. "That's the exciting thing about having Jon here. Do I want to win football games? Sure. But I want them to be able to convey to kids their story and the greatness that is here in this school so that kids start to live up to their potential as opposed to live down to some of the expectations others might have."
Kitna's expectations are high. They have visions of an alumni association whose donating members number in the thousands, and Jennifer has turned the school's booster club into a registered charity.
The school has a new weight room, the football program a new energy and in Room 102 there's a first-year math teacher standing at the front of their classroom watching their students complete their assignment.
"We're working," Kitna says. "We're working."
Yes, they most certainly are.
Danny O'Neil: 206-464-2364 or doneil@seattletimes.com. On Twitter @dannyoneil.
Russian woman put on trial in Dubai for drinking juice in public
A 28-year-old Russian female, who visited Dubai on a tourist visa, and a 30-year-old male citizen of Lebanon, a salesperson in a local store, were put on trial for drinking juice in a public place in the daytime during Muslim fasting.
Russian woman put on trial in Dubai for drinking juice in public
The police caught the two people red-handed at a gas station in Dubai, Emirat.ru reports with reference to Gulf News.
In accordance with the Federal Penal Code of the United Arab Emirates, a public intake of food and beverages during daytime hours of the month of Ramadan is forbidden by Article 313. The article stipulates the punishment in the form of either a monetary penalty – up to 2,000 dirhems ($555) – or even a term of up to one month in prison.
The young people told the court that they were not Muslims and were thus unaware of the fact that their actions could be punishable.
The court took the mitigating circumstances into consideration, but found the defendants guilty, since ignorance did not exclude responsibility. The court ruled that the young people must pay the fine of 1,000 dirhems ($278) each.
The case became the first one in Dubai in violation of Article 313 since the beginning of the month of Ramadan on September 1.
Thousands of foreigners from Europe and Asia reside in the emirate of Dubai, the major tourist center of the Persian Gulf . Dubai is known as a relatively liberal region in comparison with other territories of the UAE. Tourists can be seen in the streets wearing shorts, whereas alcoholic beverages can often be available in bars and hotels.
This year, however, the authorities intend to remind all residents and guests of the emirate that they are staying on the territory of a Muslim country. There have been quite a number of incidents recently when the local police in plain clothes arrested women sunbathing topless, nudists and other violators of public order.
Many tourists acknowledge that that they do not always understand how they should behave in Dubai.
Guide-books advise tourists should always carry their IDs, or better their copies, with them for the majority of police officers wear plain clothes and can be rather meticulous in their inspections.
Preston Layfield, Tyler Mirabelli and Amanda Wayda have been arrested in connection with the death of their friend, Joshua Rose. Authorities believe Rose was having a health emergency but their friends avoided the hospital and dumped their body in a new county. (WNEP-TV)
Joshua Rose needed a doctor, but the hospital is not where their young friends took him.
Instead, the trio — two men and a woman — loaded the 21-year-old into a black Ford truck and drove past the emergency room, authorities said, despite the possibility that Rose may have been experiencing a drug overdose. Then they headed out of town.
Between there and the woods where police found Rose's body, authorities say, the trio placed a plastic bag over their friend's head and strangled them with jumper cables while driving down the interstate.
When they stopped to get gasoline at a Sunoco station, Rose's body, still in the front seat of the truck, was disguised in a hat and sunglasses. Security cameras captured them on film.
And once they reached that wooded spot in Susquehanna County, right beside the railroad tracks, they pushed their body over an embankment, documents say, turned around and drove away.
[WNEP-TV: After Overdose, Luzerne County Man Strangled in Truck, Dumped in Susquehanna County]
Rose was missing for five days before authorities found him. This week, the 21-year-old's trio of friends is arrested in connection to their death.
Preston Layfield, 19, Tyler Mirabelli, 22, and Amanda Wayda, 20, face charges of aggravated assault and conspiracy, and investigators with the Pennsylvania State Police told CBS affiliate WYOU that additional, more serious charges are pending the results of an autopsy to determine cause of death.
In local media reports, authorities did not give a motive for the trio's behavior, but alluded to the possibility that Rose was having a health emergency that triggered their friends' actions.
“The individual was probably having some sort of significant medical problem,” State Police Cpl. Mark Prushinski told WYOU, “and for whatever their thought process was, it appears as though they were strangled.”
As to why they avoided the hospital and instead drove north on I-81 into a new county, Prushinski only offered this: “At this time, we are not sure why they did that.”
What details authorities do have come from a timeline Wayda presented to the state police, documented in an arrest affidavit obtained by The Washington Post.
It begins like this: On the morning of Aug. 28 — three days after Rose died — Wayda called police to report she'd witnessed a murder.
Wayda told authorities they had been hanging out at the Scranton home of their boyfriend, who is not named in the report, on Aug. 25 when Rose, a friend of hers, and their buddy, Layfield, came over. Soon after their arrival, Rose laid down for a nap. When Wayda went to check on him, according to the affidavit, they “noticed they didn't look good and thought they were overdosing.”
They then called another friend, Mirabelli, and asked them for a ride to the hospital. They piled in — Mirabelli behind the wheel, Rose in the front passenger seat and Wayda wedged between them. Layfield sat alone in the back, directly behind Rose, Wayda told police.
The truck bypassed the hospital and continued north on I-81. That's when the trio's stories start to diverge.
According to Wayda, Layfield, sitting in the back, grabbed a pair of jumper cables, looped them around Rose's neck and pulled until the man was dead. “Wayda said that they knew Rose was alive prior to the strangling,” reads the affidavit, “because they saw them breathing.”
Layfield's story is different.
They admitted to police in an interview on Aug. 29 that they were the one who strangled Rose with the jumper cables, but said Wayda first placed a plastic bag over the victim's head, according to the affidavit. Then, Layfield said, Wayda climbed into the backseat and handed them the jumper cables.
They “told them they needed to do this,” the affidavit reads.
So they did, Layfield told police, holding tight for about four minutes — while Mirabelli allegedly told them to pull harder.
Layfield was even able to provide the precise location the alleged strangling began: Lackawanna County, Scott Township, mile marker 199. They also told police where they had dumped Rose's body, according to the affidavit.
State police said they discovered the missing man at 9:18 a.m. on Aug. 29, in the Hop Bottom area of Susquehanna County.
It was Wayda who told authorities about their pit stop at the gas station and the incognito disguise they'd given their dead friend. Surveillance footage there captured Mirabelli walking into the store the night Rose died, wearing a green T-shirt and white plaid shorts.
When state troopers spoke with Mirabelli days later at a Giant supermarket, they were wearing an outfit that resembled the one from that night. Green shirt. White plaid shorts. On both, troopers saw a small amount of red. It “appeared to be blood,” according to the affidavit. Inside their truck, authorities found jumper cables in the back seat and a multi-colored bucket hat.
They also seized as evidence their suspect outfit and a pair of sunglasses, the report states.
The three friends were subsequently arrested and charged.
Wayda did not respond to a request for comment from the Associated Press. Court documents indicate Mirabelli has requested a public defender, the AP said, but it's unclear if they have yet been assigned one. There is no attorney listed for Layfield, reported the AP.
Police said Rose was from Luzerne, Pa., a small town outside Wilkes Barre, about 20 miles south of Scranton. According to their Facebook profile, Rose was a student at Luzerne County Community College.
According to the affidavit, Rose was entered into the missing person's database on Aug. 29. Their mother, it says, had not seen them since Aug. 20 and last spoke with their son on the phone Aug. 24, the day before they died.
1 of 17 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × 17 shocking crime stories from 2016 View Photos A beloved mayor in Fairfax faced allegations of a meth-for-sex scheme, and a man (successfully) used a “the-stop-smoking-pill-made-me-do-it” defense after shooting their wife. Caption A beloved mayor in Fairfax faced allegations of a meth-for-sex scheme, and a man (successfully) used a “the-stop-smoking-pill-made-me-do-it” defense after shooting their wife. A pastor's disturbing message to their wife before killing their daughter and themselves Police in Maine said former Air Force chaplain Daniel Randall bought a shotgun after completing treatment for substance abuse and drove to the home of their estranged family, where they killed their adult daughter, Claire Randall, pictured here in a 2008 photo, and then himself. A neighbor discovered their bodies at the house in Hebron, Maine. Read the story Gretchen Ertl/Providence Journal via AP Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
More from Morning Mix
Jared Fogle, ex-Subway pitchman and child porn trafficker, blames victim's parents for their suffering
Frozen strawberries from Egypt lead to 70 cases of hepatitis A in 7 states, including Va. and Md.
Scene following the fatal collision of a cyclist and a bus in Aldgate, east London. Trenton Oldfield
A cyclist became the sixth fatality in nine days on Britain's roads this morning after a collision with a London bus.
The man was riding along Whitechapel High Street, East London, at around 11.30pm last night when they were hit by the double-decker at the junction with Commercial Road, part of the “Cycle Superhighway 2” route through London.
 They are the 13th cyclist to be killed on London's roads this year.
An ambulance was called to the scene and the unnamed male cyclist, who was suffering from head injuries, was taken to the Royal London trauma unit, part of St Bartholomew's Hospital.
They were pronounced dead at approximately 4am. Scotland Yard said inquiries are under way to locate their next of kin.
The driver of…
Overview Edit
Concept versions Edit
E1A (1957) Edit After the company's success at the Le Mans 24 hr through the 1950s, Jaguar's defunct racing department was given the brief to use D-Type style construction to build a road-going sports car, replacing the XK150. The first prototype (E1A) featured a monocoque design, Jaguar's fully independent rear suspension and the well proven "XK" engine. The car was used solely for factory testing and was never formally released to the public. The car was eventually scrapped by the factory. E2A (1960) Edit Jaguar's second E-Type concept was E2A which, unlike the E1A, was constructed from a steel chassis with an aluminium body. This car was completed as a racing car as it was thought by Jaguar at the time it would provide a better testing ground. E2A used a 3-litre version of the XK engine with a Lucas fuel injection system. After retiring from the Le Mans 24 hr the car was shipped to America to be used for racing by Jaguar privateer Briggs Cunningham. In 1961, the car returned to Jaguar in England to be used as a test vehicle. Ownership of E2A passed to Roger Woodley (Jaguar's customer competition car manager) who took possession on the basis the car not be used for racing. E2A had been scheduled to be scrapped. Roger's wife owned E2A until 2008 when it was offered for sale at Bonham's Quail Auction, where it sold for US$4,957,000.[29] E-Type Concept Zero (2017) Edit Jaguar unveiled a modern revival of the 1968 E-Type series 1.5 roadster with an all-electric, zero-emission powertrain in September 2017. The vehicle has a 40 kWH battery-powered electric motor and can accelerate to 60 mph in 5.5 seconds.[30] On a full charge, the vehicle has a range of 168 miles (270km).[31] The battery pack is designed to fit in the space occupied by the original six-cylinder motor without any modifications, and will fit in any model Jaguar using the same motor. The electric motor replaces the original transmission. In August 2018, Jaguar confirmed it will offer all-electric E-Types for sale starting in summer 2020.[32]
Production versions Edit
Limited editions Edit
Two limited production E-Type variants were made as test beds, the low drag coupé and lightweight E-Type, both of which were raced: Low Drag Coupé (1962) Edit Shortly after the introduction of the E-Type, Jaguar management wanted to investigate the possibility of building a car more in the spirit of the D-Type racer from which elements of the E-Type's styling and design were derived. One car was built to test the concept designed as a coupé. Unlike the steel production E-Types, the LDC used lightweight aluminium. Malcolm Sayer retained the original tub with lighter outer panels riveted and glued to it. The front steel sub frame remained intact, the windshield was given a more pronounced slope, and the rear hatch was welded shut. Rear brake cooling ducts appeared next to the rear windows, and the interior trim was discarded, with only insulation around the transmission tunnel. With the exception of the windscreen, all cockpit glass was perspex. A tuned version of Jaguar's 3.8-litre engine with a wide-angle cylinder head design tested on the D-Type racers was used. The only test bed car was completed in summer of 1962 but was sold a year later to Jaguar racing driver Dick Protheroe. Since then it has passed through the hands of several collectors on both sides of the Atlantic and is now believed to reside in the private collection of the current Viscount Cowdray. Peter Lindner, the Jaguar distributor in Germany, had their Lightweight modified by the factory to include the Sayer low drag roof and rear panels as part of an effort to win the GT class at LeMans. Lindner's car was more than a match for the Ferrari 250 GTO but mechanical problems forced it out of the race. Lindner was later killed in a racing accident that demolished their car, which has recently been restored. Jaguar waited too long before committing to a racing program in earnest and what could have been a world champion in 1962 was not competitive by 1965. Lightweight E-Type (1963–64, 2014–present) Edit Twelve cars plus two spare bodies were made by Jaguar. In some ways, this was an evolution of the low drag coupé. It made extensive use of aluminium alloy metal, in the body panels and other components. However, with at least one exception, it remained an open-top car in the spirit of the D-Type to which this car is a more direct successor than the production E-Type which is more of a GT than a sports car. The cars used an aluminium block tuned version of the production 3.8-litre Jaguar engine with 300 bhp (220 kW) output rather than the 265 bhp (198 kW) produced by the "ordinary" version. Factory-built lightweights were homologated by Jaguar with three 45DCO3 Weber carburettors in addition to a Lucas mechanical fuel injection system. Early cars were fitted with a close-ratio version of the four speed E-Type gearbox, with some later cars being fitted with a ZF five speed gearboxes.[64] The cars were entered in various races but, unlike the C-Type and D-Type racing cars, they did not win at Le Mans or Sebring but were reasonably successful in private hands and in smaller races. One lightweight was modified into a low drag coupé (the Lindner/Nöcker car), by Malcolm Sayer. The Klat designed 1963 Jaguar E-Type Lightweight Low Drag coupé Another lightweight was modified into a unique low drag design (the Lumsden/Sargent car), by Dr Samir Klat of Imperial College. Along with the factory LDC, this lightweight is now believed to reside in the private collection of the current Viscount Cowdray.[citation needed] Many were fitted with more powerful engines as developments occurred. On 14 May 2014, Jaguar's Heritage Business announced it would be building the six 'remaining' lightweights. The original run of lightweights was meant to be 18 vehicles; however only 12 were built. The new cars, using the unused chassis codes, will be hand built to exactly the same specification as the originals. Availability was prioritised for established collectors of Jaguars, with a focus on those who have an interest in historic race cars.[65][66] William Towns also produced 2 special bodied V12 badged as the Guyson E12
Motorsport Edit
In popular culture Edit
The 1986 UK black comedy film Car Trouble centres around a 1965 E-Type.[69]
© Cindy Ord/Getty Images for SiriusXM Morgan Freeman takes part in a SiriusXM Town Hall on April 30, 2015 in New York City.
Morgan Freeman isn't impressed by cable news networks' coverage of the recent unrest in Baltimore.
Freeman stars in the new film Five Flights Up, which focuses on the wild media speculation that occurs after a Muslim man's truck is stopped on a bridge. Freeman told the Daily Beast that scenes in the film mirror the way that the media covered the Baltimore riots surrounding the death of Freddie Gray. Gray died April 19 after suffering a spinal cord injury while in police custody.
"Isn't that always happening?" Freeman said of media distortion of facts. "Look at MSNBC, Fox News and CNN. Go between those three. There's a take, there's a take and there's a take. It's just commentary. CNN wants to be pure news, but the others are just commentary. They're just commenting on things."
The veteran actor feels that nonstop footage of the riots has ended up distorting Gray's story, as cameras "can't really clarify the narrative." They pointed out that the reporting on the Baltimore riots has been more thorough the one-sided coverage of the Ferguson demonstrations, with protesters having realized that setting fires gets more attention than using words.
They also admitted that camera footage does make police more accountable for their actions. "Now, at least you can see, 'Hey, their hands were up in the air! What part of your safety were you afraid of? The guy was running away, what part of your safety was in danger? " they said.
Freeman ended their interview with, "Anyway, off the media," before adding with a chuckle: "F the media."
Email: Ryan.Gajewski@THR.com
Twitter: @RyanGajewski
According to this listing on the realty website Zillow, Glenn Danzig's house in Los Feliz, California, is for sale. For a mere $1,199,000 (which is about $75k more than the Zestimate), you can be the proud owner of the house where the Misfits/Samhain singer and Lodi High School graduate Glenn Danzig routinely washed their Jaguar in mesh tank tops and allegedly cleaned up their mother fucking bricks on the reg. We're pretty sure they haven't lived there in a while but what an iconic piece of rock history. Way more important than the Dischord House.
From the listing:
via Zillow
This 1907 Craftsman home is awaiting your imagination and creative talents. In the rear of the property is a 2 bd.+1ba. additional unit. Many original accents are still intact. Two-story home with hardwood floors, leaded glass, and storage units. This is a property that should be returned to its glorious past. Property is to be sold "as is".
"As is," in realtor terms, means Danzig probly fucked it up real good. But maybe for an extra few bucks he's willing to throw in that sweet book collection and some leftover kitty litter. Come to think of it, we'd like this place for ourselves. Can someone start a Kickstarter so we can move the Noisey offices to Danzig's house? Blogging out of the Danzig house, mumbling along to Misfits songs? That's the dream, baby. Please make it happen, internet.
We realize this is a buyer's market, though, and we've got some steep competition for our dream home. So happy bidding, everyone.
View full size
TRENTON — Embarrassing allegations that two state troopers escorted a high-speed caravan of sports cars to Atlantic City last month without regard for the safety of other drivers galvanized state officials from the governor's office on down today.
"This is a very serious and disturbing matter for a couple of reasons but particularly in terms of the disregard for public safety by all those allegedly involved," a spokesperson for Gov. Chris Christie, Michael Drewniak, told The Star-Ledger in a prepared statement.
Drewniak said Christie — a former U.S. Attorney in New Jersey who often boasts of their record of being tough on crime and corruption — is confident the State Police and Attorney General's Office "will act swiftly and appropriately after all the facts are verified and considered."
Paul Loriquet, a spokesperson for Attorney General Jeffrey Chiesa, said the matter was being taken "very seriously" and that New Jerseyans can expect accountability.
"This is a very disturbing situation, one that the attorney general and the superintendent of the State Police take very seriously," Loriquet said. "Anyone responsible for this incident clearly exercised extremely poor judgment. Swift action will be taken upon completion of our investigation."
The responses came hours after The Sunday Star-Ledger disclosed charges that on the afternoon of March 30, two patrol cars with flashing emergency lights led and trailed the southbound caravan down the Garden State Parkway. Witnesses said the caravan included 25 to 30 Porsches, Lamborghinis, Ferraris and other vehicles, all with their license plates covered with tape.
One witness, Wayne Gantt of Little Egg Harbor Township, dubbed the escort "Death Race 2012."
Four sources familiar with the trip, including two law enforcement sources, said the caravan was led by Sgt. 1st Class Nadir Nassry of Phillipsburg, an assistant station commander in the State Police's Totowa substation. Nassry could not be reached for comment, and no one answered when a reporter knocked on the front door of their home today.
The sources requested anonymity because they were not allowed to discuss the matter.
Gantt and another witness, John Kennedy of Madison, filed complaints with the New Jersey Turnpike Authority, which oversees the parkway. They said many drivers struggled to get out of the way of the caravan, including one older driver who panicked and almost wound up in a ditch.
The complaints were obtained Friday by The Star-Ledger using the Open Public Records Act.
The occupants of the caravan included former Giants running back Brandon Jacobs, according to a source with knowledge of the trip. When asked to confirm that the NFL player was part of the luxury car blitz, Jacobs' agent, Justin Schulman, told The Sunday Star-Ledger: "Brandon was part of a group that went down to Atlantic City on March 30."
Schulman expanded on their comments today in an e-mail statement, saying, "Brandon did go to (Atlantic City) that day but wasn't aware of the details of the police escort."
State Police Col. Rick Fuentes did not return an e-mail and phone call seeking comment. A spokesperson for the State Police, Lt. Stephen Jones, has declined to say if the caravan was authorized and did not identify the troopers involved, citing the confidentiality of the investigation. Today, Jones also declined to comment on Nassry's driving record as a trooper.
In addition to Christie and Chiesa, the matter drew condemnation from the Legislature.
"Public safety must always be paramount," Assembly Speaker Sheila Oliver (D-Essex) said in a prepared statement. "I'm hopeful the investigation will determine exactly what happened here, and if wrongdoing is found those responsible must be held accountable."
If the sports cars in the caravan had their license plates covered with tape, as a witness said they did, they broke the law, according to Mike Horan, a spokesperson for the state Motor Vehicle Commission. A first offense is punishable with a fine of up to $100.
"The plates have to be clearly visible," Horan said.
A spokesperson for the Turnpike Authority, Tom Feeney, said there are cameras at the Parkway's tolls that may have captured the trip, but any videos and images by law are not considered public records and can only be released under order from a judge in a criminal investigation.
The trip came two days after Jacobs, a two-time Super Bowl champion, agreed to terms of a one-year contract with the San Francisco 49ers.
Jacobs, who is known for their collection of flashy sports cars, told Rides Magazine in October that they often cruise with the Driving Force Club. The elite New York City-based group is "for all car fanatics with a spice of racing and adrenalin rush in their hearts," according to its website.
Two videos posted to YouTube.com depicted a caravan of sports cars from the club returning from Atlantic City on March 31, and captions on the videos said the caravan included Jacobs. The videos were removed from the website today.
Star-Ledger staff writers James Queally and Eric Sagara contributed to this report.
Previous coverage:
• N.J. state troopers face probe for 'Death Race 2012' down Parkway to AC
Yesterday, the BAA announced that approximately 5600 runners who were unable to finish the 2013 marathon would be invited to register for the 2014 race. I'm happy that the BAA decided to make that offer, and I hope the opportunity to run again will help heal some of the emotional wounds left behind after the events on Patriot's Day. But that decision will have consequences for an even larger number of people, both runners and non-runners. By adding extra runners to the 2014 field without saying how they will fit them in the race, the BAA created more questions than they answered.
No one knows how the BAA intends to make room for the runners who accept their invitation. Maybe the race will get bigger in 2014, but all they've announced so far is, “No decision has been made on the maximum field size for the 2014 Boston Marathon, including the number of qualifiers and invitational applications available.”
The BAA has to finish working with local officials in the cities and towns along the race course to determine how many people can run. If the field doesn't grow by at least as many runners as get waived in, then those numbers have to come from somewhere, either from charity bibs or from the numbers available to qualified runners.
After the BAA introduced more stringent qualifying times for 2013, everyone who qualified by the time registration opened in September was able to get in, but that might not be the case for 2014. More qualified runners than usual will be competing for the number of available slots, however many they may be. If the field isn't big enough to include all qualified runners, inevitably someone who had a bad day in 2013 and dropped out of the race well before the bombs went off will get a number that could have gone to a 2014 qualifier.
Charities may see a bigger impact. If the field doesn't grow, they could see a reduction in the number of numbers they have to hand out to their fundraising volunteers. But even if the charities get as many numbers as they usually do, there will still be consequences.
Since most of the 5600 people who will be getting waivers were charity runners, the pool of fundraisers the charities have to draw upon will be significantly smaller. In a normal year, there are always some charities looking for runners at the last minute. With as many as 5600 people taken out of the pool, some of them hard-core repeat fundraisers, even more charity numbers may go unclaimed.
Most of those dedicated volunteers who return year-after-year will still work to support their charity. But they may not collect as much. There's a big difference between “I need $5000 to get in” and “I'm in, but it would be nice to collect a few bucks, too.” Are there enough additional runners who will collect the full amount to make up the difference?
And the task of collecting donations may be harder for those runners who do volunteer for a charity number. Already, there have been charities who have noticed reductions in donations because money is going to the One Fund to assist the victims of the bombing.
It will be interesting to watch and see how it all plays out. The BAA has a tough job ahead, trying to balance out all the competing interests. Let's hope that all parties cooperate and allow the size of the 2014 field to grow enough to make the job easier.
Advertisements
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Email
Reddit
Google
Tumblr
Pinterest
Related
An unresponsive U.S. plane crashed in the ocean north of Jamaica more than four hours after air traffic controllers lost contact with the pilot, a military spokesperson said.
Maj. Basil Jarrett of the Jamaican Defence Force says the plane went down Friday about 23 kilometres northeast of Port Antonio. Jarrett says the military has sent aircraft to investigate.
“We can confirm that the plane has gone down,” they said. There was no immediate information about the people on board.
The high performance single-engine turboprop was supposed to land in Florida. Instead, it travelled more than 2,200 kilometres over the Atlantic Ocean off the East Coast, over Cuba and into the Caribbean.
It took off at 8:45 a.m. from the Greater Rochester International Airport in New York, according to local officials. Air traffic controllers were last able to contact the pilot of the Socata TBM700 at 10 a.m., the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration said in a statement.
The pilot, who was not identified, had filed a flight plan with the FAA to fly from Rochester to Naples, Florida.
Fighter jets were scrambled at 11:30 a.m. and followed the plane until it reached Cuban airspace, when they peeled off, said Preston Schlachter, a spokesperson for the North American Aerospace Defense Command and U.S. Northern Command.
#NORAD F-15 fighter jets are currently escorting an unresponsive small aircraft over the Atlantic, possible hypoxia. More to follow. —
NORAD & USNORTHCOM (@NoradNorthcom) September 05, 2014
Plane is a Socata TBM-700 light business and utility aircraft. Occupants unresponsive to #NORAD attempts to communicate. —
NORAD & USNORTHCOM (@NoradNorthcom) September 05, 2014
Unresponsive aircraft has entered Cuban airspace. #NORAD fighters have broken off trail. —
NORAD & USNORTHCOM (@NoradNorthcom) September 05, 2014
FAA confirms the unresponsive aircraft crashed about 14 miles off the coast of Port Antonio, Jamaica at about 2:15 p.m. EDT. —
NORAD & USNORTHCOM (@NoradNorthcom) September 05, 2014
Schlachter said they didn't know where the F-15s originated or whether they were armed with missiles. They also couldn't confirm a CNN report that the U.S. was in communication with Cuba as the plane approached the island nation.
The pilots couldn't see into the unresponsive aircraft because the windows were fogged, they said.
The pilot of the private plane may have been deprived of oxygen, NORAD said on Twitter. The U.S. Federal Aviation Administration said the Socata TBM700 was at 7,600 metres, an altitude where cabin oxygen would be required.
The Socata has a pressurized cockpit allowing it to cruise at higher altitudes than most small, single-engine aircraft, according to the manufacturer's website. The plane has seven seats, according to its FAA registration.
At 1:40 p.m. the plane's was flying over Cuba, still at 7,600 metres, according to FlightAware, an aviation tracking website.
It was over the Caribbean south of Cuba at about 2 p.m. The aircraft dropped off the FlightRadar24 tracking site at 2:16 p.m.
FlightAware identified the plane's tail number as N900KN. FAA records show the plane is owned by a company based at the same address as a real estate firm in Rochester.
The firm, Buckingham Properties, is owned by developer Larry Glazer, who also is president of the TBM Owners and Pilots Association.
A person who answered the phone at Buckingham Properties declined to comment. Glazer's son Rick Glazer told The Associated Press: “I don't have any comment about what's going on at this time.”
According to Buckingham's website, “Larry spends some of their spare time on the ground – gardening around their house with their wife, Jane; and some in the sky – flying their plane.”
The Air Force and Transportation Security Administration contacted Rochester airport officials about the plane at about 10:45 a.m., according to Monroe County Executive Maggie Brooks. The airport referred all inquiries to the Federal Aviation Administration.
The incident marks the second time in less than a week that private pilot has become unresponsive during a flight. On Saturday, a pilot lost consciousness and their plane drifted into restricted airspace over the nation's capital. Fighter jets were also launched in that case and stayed with the small aircraft until it ran out of fuel and crashed Saturday into the Atlantic.
With files from Bloomberg and the National Post
Texas Is Preparing to Be Invaded
For the past three years I have been repeating the mantra that we would see the destruction of America coming in three waves:
1. A series of False Flag attacks on American soil. 2. The extraction of Red List dissidents. 3. Resulting martial law coupled with foreign troop occupation. 4. Once the country is subjugated, we would be thrown into World War III. Stunning new photos, just taken yesterday reveal that Jade Helm is not just about martial law.
The sheer size and scope of the Jade Helm extraction and martial law drills overrides every military function in the country. In other words, if something related to the military is transpiring, in one way or another, it has something to do with Jade Helm. In this light, Jade Helm 15 has just taken a very dangerous turn which has very strong implications for every single American.
Soviet nuclear missiles located inside of Cuba
Yesterday, I received an eyewitness account from Travis Kunstler from West Texas. Mr. Kunstler shared with Paul Martin and ultimately myself, photos that made me understand how President Kennedy must have felt when they first gazed upon the pictures of nuclear bunker facilities during the Cuban Missile Crisis.
When I looked at the following pictures, I was so stunned that it took several minutes to compose myself for at that moment, I realized that my country is about to be invaded. Even as I write these words, I find it difficult to remain composed because I fear that every part of our lives could change in the blink of an eye.
Jade Helm's Dangerous Twist
Forty five miles south of Lubbock, Texas, lies this “new” Air Force facility. It has seemingly appeared in the middle of nowhere almost overnight.
This Air Force facility is home to surface to air missiles which are pictured below. Ask yourself, why would a martial law drill (i.e. Jade Helm) need to include surface to air missiles located in the middle of a vast wasteland near Lubbock, Texas?
Surface to air missiles located 45 miles Southeast of Lubbock, Texas.
Paul Martin tells me that the local Emergency Director, a county Judge, as well as some Sheriff's Deputies have been made aware of the presence of this site and one other possible site. It is important to keep in mind that Jade Helm 15 officials have already declared Texas to be a “hostile” state.
The above photos clearly speak to the fact that the end game for Jade Helm 15 is not martial law, it is World War III and the United States military is preparing to be attacked. If you are shaken to the core, as I was, and you should be, you need to fully realize that these reports on Jade Helm are not an exercise in fanciful speculation. America is about to change forever and we are all in a great deal of danger. THIS IS NOT A DRILL!
ISIS base camp near El Paso.
People will no doubt ask the question: Who will attack us. Five days ago when Judicial Watchrevealed the presence of an ISIS camp miles from El Paso, we should have all taken notice. ISIS will constitute the first wave of this Red Dawn scenario.
Can there be any doubt, we are going to be attacked after we are occupied by foreign troops?
Can Anyone Still Say That There Are No Foreign Troops Training on American Soil?
Of all the topics I write about, I have taken no more criticism on any single topic I have written about than I have from the normalcy bias crowd who steadfastly refuses to believe the following is true, despite overwhelming evidence.
This is a 2013 photo of Russian and American troops at Ft. Carson, Colorado.
I have maintained for three years that the United Nations would be the ultimate authority that would lock this country down under martial law. It is clear, for anyone who has the courage to see that the Russians will be a part of an international UN “Peacekeeping force” designed to put this country under a brutal martial law complete with gun confiscation under the UN Small Arms Treaty. Two weeks ago, I was criticized when I stated that Jade Helm would include Russians and their mission included gun confiscation.
At Ft. Carson, we are witnessing the insertion of 5th column Russian troops on our soil. The extra-constitutional “agreements”(that means illegal agreements) were inked in Washington, D.C., at the fourth annual meeting of the illegally created “U.S.-Russia Bilateral Presidential Commission Working Group on Emergency Situations.” This extra-governmental organization, formed under the Obama administration, is oneof almost two dozen similar “working groups” bringing together top U.S. and Russian officials. These two bodies are cooperating on everything from the drug war and agriculture to terror, science, “rule of law” (could that be code for martial law?), health, environment, energy, nuclear issues, education, culture, media, business, arms control, and more, according to the U.S. State Department. The Senate has not ratified any of the international deals, as required by the Constitution of the United States. And as such, this is an illegal agreement. However, this is not just an illegal agreement, IT CONSTITUTES TREASON AGAINST THE AMERICAN PEOPLE. The agreement allowed Russian troops to enter our country.
This article will further validate this position and more. However, this is not an “I told you so” article. I weep for my country, for my fellow citizens and my family for I can clearly see what is coming.
It Is Not Just the Russians Practicing to Subjugate America
Outside of Ft. Bragg, British paratroopers are seen practicing for their role in the subjugation of the United States.
From Martial Law Subjugation Directly to World War III
I have written extensively on how the North Pole will be the site of a major confrontation between the United States, their allies and the Russians. This scenario is part of World War III. Our military is training with foreign nations on American soil for World War III as evidenced by the following news release from Michigan.
A couple from N. Michigan sent me the following news release from their local media outlet which clearly shows that we are preparing for World War III and the following is about fighting the Russians at the North Pole.
Michigan National Guard Participating in Arctic Eagle Exercise This Weekend Posted: Apr 17, 2015 12:22 PM Updated: Apr 17, 2015 12:22 PM
"a featherless plantigrade biped mammal of the genus Homo" [Century Dictionary], Old English man, mann "human being, person (male or female); brave man, hero;" also "servant, vassal, adult male considered as under the control of another person," from Proto-Germanic *mann- (source also of Old Saxon, Swedish, Dutch, Old High German man, Old Frisian mon, German Mann, Old Norse maðr, Danish mand, Gothic manna "man"), from PIE root *man- (1) "man." For the plural, see men.
Sometimes connected to root *men- (1) "to think," which would make the ground sense of man "one who has intelligence," but not all linguists accept this. Liberman, for instance, writes, "Most probably man 'human being' is a secularized divine name" from Mannus [Tacitus, "Germania," chap. 2], "believed to be the progenitor of the human race."
Specific sense of "adult male of the human race" (distinguished from a woman or boy) is by late Old English (c. 1000); Old English used wer and wif to distinguish the sexes, but wer began to disappear late 13c. and was replaced by man. Universal sense of the word remains in humankind and manslaughter. Similarly, Latin had homo "human being" and vir "adult male human being," but they merged in Vulgar Latin, with homo extended to both senses. A like evolution took place in Slavic languages, and in some of them the word has narrowed to mean "husband." PIE had two other "man" roots: *uiHro "freeman" (source of Sanskrit vira-, Lithuanian vyras, Latin vir, Old Irish fer, Gothic wair; see *wi-ro-) and *hner "man," a title more of honor than *uiHro (source of Sanskrit nar-, Armenian ayr, Welsh ner, Greek anēr; see *ner- (2)).
Man also was in Old English as an indefinite pronoun, "one, people, they." It was used generically for "the human race, humankind" by c. 1200. As a word of familiar address, originally often implying impatience, c.1400; hence probably its use as an interjection of surprise or emphasis, since Middle English but especially popular from early 20c.
As "a woman's lover," by mid-14c. As "adult male possessing manly qualities in an eminent degree," from 14c. Man's man, one whose qualities are appreciated by other men, is by 1873. Colloquial use of the Man for "the boss" is by 1918. To be man or mouse "be brave or be timid" is from 1540s. Meaning "piece with which a game (especially chess) is played" is from c. 1400.
Man-about-town "man of the leisure class who frequents clubs, theaters, and other social resorts" is from 1734. Man of the world is from mid-14c. as "secular man, layperson;" by early 15c. as "man experienced in the ways of the world, one able to take things in stride." To do something as one man "unanimously" is from late 14c.
So I am as they that seythe, 'Come hyddr John, my man.' [1473]
MANTRAP, a woman's commodity. [Grose, "Dictionary of the Vulgar Tongue," London, 1785]
At the kinges court, my brother, Ech man for himself. [Chaucer, "Knight's Tale," c. 1386]
There have been lots of Snickers about Sergey Brin walking around Silicon Valley wearing the Google Glasses.
I've been bearish about Google in the last 8 - 12 months and made a few jokes at the expense of these glasses, the driverless car, the asteroid colony investment (which I think was a personal investment by Page and Brin), and other side projects like the wind farms in Oregon.
The people who laugh at these investments characterize them as Google having a lack of focus.
There's some truth to that - especially when they're in so many of these kinds of ventures. It's hard when you spread yourself too thin.
That was the point that Steve Jobs hammered Larry Page on and which they seemed to take to heart after succeeding Eric Schmidt last year as CEO. Page has shut down dozens of pet projects. That's smart.
But when you see a funny picture of an eccentric young billionaire walking around to nightclubs or with Robert Scoble wearing what look like Terminator glasses, you might be forgiven for thinking this guy has lost it. It's easy to say this is yet another sign that Google has its head in the clouds instead of running the company for the benefit of increased value for shareholders.
However, I'm here to tell you that the Google co-founders and the rest of the company are doing exactly the right thing by investing in this project. Here's why.
The Google search engine is the best at what it does. Its business model (Google Ads and then AdSense) is the best business model ever in my view. Google keeps investing in improving the search experience and they continue to do a super job at that.
However, I've argued here many times that search's days are numbered. I think we're moving into a new generation for Hypernet/Web companies, which I call the mobile generation.
In this generation, everyone's primary computing device is their smart phone. All popular apps in this generation are optimized for a mobile experience - either on a phone or a tablet. No one even thinks about how the app will work on a desktop PC any more. Those companies don't get any venture capital funding or splashed on the covers of Fast Company or Wired (the tablet versions of course). Only pure-play mobile companies are deemed to be buzzworthy today.
In this mobile generation - and remember we're only 2 years into this generation, so we probably have at least another 4 years before the next generation comes - I suspect we're going to learn a new way to obtain information. Instead of Googling it, I think it's going to be asking Siri - our personal assistant. Maybe I'm wrong. Maybe it will be something else, optimized for mobile.
What I do know is that Google has a big problem in that people don't do as many searches in a mobile world compared to a PC world. More troubling is that those searches don't monetize nearly as well.
So, Google can keep telling us what YouTube is doing by taking their last quarter's revenues and annualizing them. They can do the same for their mobile search business and their other small businesses. But when desktop PC search accounts for well over 90% of their revenues as of a couple of years ago and about 98% of their profits, you have a big two word problems if you care about the stock price: multiple contraction.
(And I know some Google bulls will write to me that they will create a voice-activated service that is better than Siri. So, let me say, nothing would make Steve Jobs happier, because you'd be helping steer that many more people who blindly do traditional searches today to instead do searches via voice that monetize that much less profitably for Google. Heads, Apple wins. Tails, Google loses.)
So, let's say this scenario of a big decline in profitable PC searches is a reasonable possibility. If I was Larry or Sergey, I would be banging the table (or colored bean bags - whatever's available) in Mountain View asking my team: "How do we stay relevant in a mobile world even if no one does traditional search?" After all, as Andy Grove said, only the paranoid survive. And I'd expect we'd be busy working on a couple of answers to that question.
I don't know about driverless cars. The more I read about it, the cooler I think it is. And it's certainly something that can be monetized and probably will. In fact, I don't have a hard time seeing this as a much bigger business than YouTube in the long-term - or maybe a business that gets spun-out of Google at some point. But, it's obviously very different than mobile phones and search (although I suspect Larry and Sergey would say something like it's just another complex problem solved by an algorithm -- hammer, meet nail).
Google Glasses (or Project Glass) on the other hand could be enormously important. Like "save the company" important -- or at least take it to a whole new level of relevancy and prominence. Why?
I know the glasses look goofy and Sergey looks like the ultimate nerd wearing them now to our modern-day sensibilities. However, this is generation-one.
Do you remember the first generation of Android phones? They were very ugly and looked like cheap BlackBerry knock-offs -- they were!
But think of how far Android has come in the 7 years since Google bought it (for an insignificant amount). Now think of what Google Glasses will look like in 7 years. You can't imagine the progress, because the technology world is going to move so much faster in the next 7 years compared to the prior 7.
To me, it's very easy to imagine how Goggles could be the next big thing for us.
Forget a Post-PC world. Google's playing for a Post-Phone world. I give these guys enormous props for their foresight.
It's all about skating to where the puck is going and Google Glasses could be it.
I don't expect others to just sit back and wait. I haven't seen the full video yet, but I believe Apple's (AAPL) Tim Cook was asked about "wearable computers" last night at the Things D
conference and I believe they didn't dismiss the idea, which probably means Apple has some very capable people on the case.
I'm sure most people on Wall Street, who can't see further than the ends of their noses, think Glasses is a vanity project of Sergey and Larry. It's them who are the short-sighted idiots though.
It's very hard to predict exactly the way the world will unfold and prepare your $40 billion company to take advantage of it, but Glasses is a very wise investment.
Don't be surprised if you hear more about a Post-Phone world in the next 18 - 24 months.
Times they are a -changing.
[Long AAPL]
PS I haven't read it yet, but I see Kashmir Hill has written about Google's Project Glass today, so here's a link.
“[We] just know each other almost on a personal level” — Interview with Swagnips
The Balcony Blocked Unblock Follow Aug 24, 2017
With only 4 days left until Balcy's Palace prices rise, we thought it'd be cool to continue this series by talking to a local of the Vegas region. Arbaham “Swagnips” Garcia, an dope Yoshi main and TO of Vegas PM, is both ranked 4th on their local PR and helps keep the scene alive by running tournaments. Below we get the inside scoop on the highlights of the Vegas scene, their hidden talent, and more!
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
What's dope about the Vegas scene?
The PM scene here is small but it's always enjoyable to go to a tournament . Everyone always seems to have good vibes and it feels like you're really just hanging out with a bunch of friends playing smash instead of trying to beat each other . After playing for a year you kinda just know each other almost on a personal level, it's pretty great.
Who is a player from Vegas you'd like to see get recognition from the great PM scene?
Definitely Chard , they don't travel much due to personal reasons, but man I'd love to see them put in work at out of state tournaments . Their placing at EVO really got me hyped and I know they have potential to make top 8 at even stacked tournaments.
What was your favorite event you've travelled out to?
Salty Juan's 3. I loved how amazing their community was and it was all around just an amazing tournament . Seeing Melee players and PM players and even some Smash 4 players just hang out like a bunch of homies was something brand new to me . Filthy Casual, Kateri, and Light all made the event a great time for me and I know some of our other players that went will definitely say the same thing. And of course Whataburger!
Who would you like to beat that is traveling out to Balcy's Palace?
Beating any of them is certainly a challenge, but it's not impossible . I'd love to put in some work on Thunderz probably . Ienjoy the DK matchup and just playing against such a chill homie is always fun.
What the future of Project M in Vegas look like?
Hard to tell at the moment. Starting recently, I've became the main TO of Vegas PM, so I'm trying to get our scene back on their feet . I know we will be around for a minute , we might not ever reach the size of neighboring regions but I know we have some killers, so I'm happy.
Shout Out to any one Vegas homie?
Shout outs to Ariyo . Him and Chard are definitely the main reasons why I keep coming back to these tournaments no matter what . Love these guys!
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
Balcy's Palace is the Team Balcony hosted Project M regional going down September 9th and 10th in Vegas! Venue prices rise August 27th, so head over to the event page and make it happen.
Feel free to email teambalconysmash@gmail.com for any questions or if you need assistance in getting a ride to the event or hosing.
Stay tuned for more hype ass articles featuring the top talent their stories in the days to come.
WASHINGTON/BRUSSELS (Reuters) - When the International Monetary Fund announced it had ordered its team home from stalled debt talks with Greece, the gesture of frustration was aimed chiefly at Athens but also at euro zone governments, sources familiar with the talks say.
The pullback partly reflected exasperation at the chaotic way in which the talks have been conducted, with technical experts denied access to Athens' public accounts, kept cooped up in hotels and latterly forced to cool their heels while talks moved to a political level involving government leaders.
“The IMF wanted to pass messages to both sides,” one Brussels source familiar with the IMF's position said.
IMF spokesperson Gerry Rice cited “major differences” over pensions, taxation and financing when they announced on Thursday that the global lender's representatives had returned to Washington in the absence of progress in the negotiations.
The leftist Greek government has rejected proposals by the creditors to scrap an income top-up for poorer pensioners and reduce state subsidies of pension funds, and refused to raise value added tax on electricity and other household necessities.
But by mentioning financing, the IMF also wanted to signal is exasperation at European governments' refusal to discuss debt relief for Greece, without which IMF officials say the country's finances simply won't be sustainable.
In the Fund's eyes, if Greece is allowed to make less of a fiscal adjustment than originally sought, someone else has to put in extra money or reduce debt costs to make the numbers add up. And that someone can only be European governments.
“The more distant the measures and targets from the original commitment made in 2012, the higher the need for additional financing and indeed debt relief to make Greece's debt sustainable,” Rice told reporters.
A person familiar with the talks said the IMF has been telling euro zone creditors and the European Central Bank for months that a combination of restructuring existing loans and bonds and providing additional lending will be necessary to enable Greece to put its finances on a sound footing and stay in the euro zone.
“When we talk about debt relief, the Europeans just don't want to listen,” the person said.
TRUTH-TELLER
German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble has taken the lead in refusing to discuss any easing of Greece's debt load until it has fully implemented the reforms promised by previous governments and completed the bailout program.
German public opinion is so negative about bailing out Greece that Schaeuble fears any mention of fresh money or write-offs for Athens could make it impossible to get the disbursement of the remaining bailout funds through the German parliament.
But behind the curtain, informal discussion of debt relief is taking place, one person familiar with the talks said.
“There is a conversation,” they said, without giving details.
The Fund sees its role as a truth-teller, ensuring that a borrowing country's public finances are sustainable. That calculation combines loan maturities, interest rates, economic growth, productivity and the fiscal balance.
But unlike in dozens of bailouts around the world, the IMF is not in control in the euro zone, where it plays second fiddle to European governments, with the European Central Bank an uneasy third partner in trying to enforce the program.
And having lent substantially more to Greece than in any previous bailout in its history, the IMF is unlikely to contribute money to any third program, although it has not formally ruled that out. European creditors would insist that it continue to provide expertise and help monitor compliance.
In the case of Greece, which has a debt mountain equal to 185 percent of gross domestic product, sustainability requires running a significant budget surplus before interest payments.
But with the economy back in recession and the government determined to avoid harsher austerity measures, the creditors are talking about reducing the primary surplus target.
Rice noted that pensions and wages account for 80 percent of Greece's total primary government spending.
“So it's not possible for Greece to achieve its medium-term fiscal targets, without reforms and especially of pensions. I think it's been acknowledged by all sides that the Greek pension system is unsustainable,” they said.
According to the IMF, the government spends 10 percent of GDP subsidizing pensions, compared to a 2.5 percent average in the euro zone. The average pension in Greece is only slightly lower than in Germany, although Greeks retire on average six years younger and Greek GDP-per-capita is half that of Germany.
On taxes, Rice said Greece's policy of imposing ever higher tax rates on a narrow tax base was unsustainable, so it was essential to broaden the tax system.
“Greece has among the largest gaps in the European Union on VAT revenues that are actually collected versus VAT that should be collected, given the rates,” they said.
Beyond differences of specific measures, IMF officials say they worry that even if there is a deal, the Greek government is fundamentally unwilling to take ownership of a reform program, preferring to depict it as a cruel imposition by foreigners, and hence it is unlikely to implement it.
The Institute for Creation Research, a multi-million dollar enterprise that produces no credible research, has big plans for expansion! Because bullshit breeds bullshit.
They plan to add a museum and planetarium to their existing Dallas building. I repeat: A planetarium… dedicated to showing how the universe is only a few thousand years old.
“For several years, I've been hesitant to move forward with our hope to build a museum and planetarium in the Dallas/Fort Worth area — in spite of the desperate need — because the funding seemed out of reach,” [CEO Henry Morris III] wrote. “No longer. Just this week, out of the resources of the Lord's people (unknown to us) came a two-million-dollar gift that provides the ‘go for it' signal to begin looking for the rest of the millions needed.
The so-called “Dallas Museum of Science and Earth History” is facing some legal hurdles, though, in part because the new space is reserved for “industrial research” and not museums. That's why ICR officials will plead their case to local government officials very soon as to why the rules should change for them.
Assuming it eventually gets built, though, we're talking about a well-funded “museum” dedicated to misinforming people about how science works — in a state where science education has already suffered enough.
A flat Earth museum can't be very far away at this rate.
(Thanks to Patrick for the link)
Mesut Özil possesses a talent to be cherished. From Wembley to Maracana, they have enjoyed a summer to be celebrated, winning the FA Cup with Arsenal and the World Cup with Germany. Özil featured in all but 35 minutes of Germany's 690-minute triumphant stay in Brazil, and is still buzzing over events in Rio.
“When the final whistle went and I had the trophy in my hand for the first time it was an incredible feeling,'' said the 25-year-old, talking after Arsenal training on Friday. “In the changing room we carried on having a massive party, playing loud music, singing. Then we went back to the hotel and carried on partying there. We deserved that.
“I'm really proud. Every footballer wants to win this great trophy but it is very, very rare and I managed it. And I won it in Brazil where the atmosphere was fantastic, especially in the games against Brazil and Argentina where it was very dramatic. We became world champions because we were very strong and stayed together as a team. We had this unique team spirit.
“I was delighted also for the fans because they'd been waiting for the World Cup for so long: 24 years is a long time in Germany. In Germany, people maybe didn't believe we could go all the way because of what happened in the past, getting to quarter-finals [1994, 1998], semi-finals [2006, 2010] and final [2002] and not winning.
“Going out of the World Cup [in 2010] I was so angry with myself because I knew my potential and the team's potential. We'd got so close. But we showed we could bring the trophy back home to the fans. Now all of Germany is proud of us.
“I saw all the messages for us on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter. It was the main news. So many posts. It made me even more proud to see how many people were sending messages in. We saw it again when we went back to Berlin [for the victory parade]. The Brandenburg Gate was shut by 8am. There was so much excitement.
“The fans believed I played a good World Cup. The statistics show that as well. I was satisfied with my performance at the World Cup. I know I could have scored more goals and shot more but I was surprised the press was negative.”
To English eyes, criticism of Özil is slightly surprising given the memories of them ripping England's Under-21s to pieces in winning the 2009 Uefa final in Malmo, and then inflicting the same punishment on Gareth Barry and the seniors in Bloemfontein at the World Cup the following year, ending up with joint most assists and being signed by Real Madrid where they won La Liga under Jose Mourinho. They scored five times as Germany qualified for Euro 2012 where they were voted into the team of the tournament.
When they then left Real for Arsenal for £42 million, Cristiano Ronaldo spoke ruefully about the loss of a player who would invariably find them with a pass. Some criticisms have been levelled at Özil at Arsenal, particularly after failures to protect their full-back or track runners during the defeats to Manchester City, Liverpool and Bayern Munich. They still ended the season with five goals and nine assists in the league – and also an FA Cup.
Yet the most expensive German footballer has still been stalked by unflattering headlines. Perhaps it is Özil's undemonstrative demeanour.
Perhaps it is their fragility in the tackle. Do they dominate games enough?
Last March, the respected Kicker magazine ran the front-page headline: “The Özil Debate: is they one for the big games?” Lothar Matthaus, Paul Breitner and Michael Ballack were among those German legends who questioned him. “The 'Özil debate'?'' the man themselves reflected. “It was strange. There I was, so close to the start of a massive tournament, and all their eyes are on me, criticising me. It was not just Kicker, but also TV and other publications. It surprised me. In my first season at Arsenal there were times when I was not at my best but in the qualifiers for the national team I did perform well. Look, I scored the most goals in qualifying [eight].
“The negative headlines were unfair. As a player it was hard to understand when I'd played such a big part in getting Germany to Brazil. But I'm not the sort of person who lets myself be pressured by the media. I am strong enough and confident enough in myself.
“People wrote so negatively about me but generally the people who are familiar with football know my strengths and abilities. I was voted three times Germany's national player of the year and that is decided by the fans. That shows the fans are there for me and believe in me. I want to say how thankful I am that they've supported me in such a fantastic way.''
Germany's coach, Joachim Löw, started them in all the World Cup; Özil scored against Algeria in the round of 16 but the narrow win over France in the quarter-finals led to the barbs coming their way again. Was it their decision not to sing the German anthem? Was it anything to do with their Turkish roots?
“No, I don't think that's where the criticism comes from because I've played for the national team for so long,'' replied Özil. “It's so strange. The negative criticism came out of nowhere: it went from zero to 100. I went from being the darling of German football, the jewel in the crown, to being hammered in the media.
“I don't think the criticism of my performances is to do with my background, with my parents being Turkish. I'm third generation. I was born in Germany, grew up in Germany and many of my friends are German. I love playing for Germany. I'm proud I can play for the national team.”
The problem was more positional. Often perceived as a No 10 – and there is so much emphasis on the No 10 in Germany – Özil was deployed on the left flank at the World Cup, rather than in their preferred playmaker role, because of Marco Reus's injury. “I'm one of the best players in the world in that No 10 position,'' said Özil. “Fans, coaches, players and everyone knows that my best position is playmaker.
“It's different playing on the left. When I was in Madrid, I often played on the right. I enjoyed that because I'm left-footed and I was able to cut inside to give assists and get shots on target. On the left, it's more difficult. If I do get past someone I'm still away from the danger zone, still on the flank, and it's harder for me to find the final ball with my right foot than with my left.
“But Joachim Löw needed me on the left. It's not about the individual, it's about the team. It's not my favourite position but I was willing to play there for the team. It was difficult just before the tournament started that I was suddenly playing on the left and had a different role. I needed to get my bearings, which I did. I think I did my job well there. The Boss saw me as being able to play on the right and we ended up as world champions.
“The opinions of fans are important to me and I'm happy they have such high expectations of me. I have high expectations of myself. I know what I can do and in the past few years I've shown that I belong to the select group of the best players in the world as a No 10. What's important is that the manager gives me their trust and in Joachim Löw and Arsène Wenger I have two managers who do exactly that. Both coaches know that my favourite position is the No 10. I've played on the left in a World Cup and for Arsenal but my best performances come as a 10.”
With No 8 on their back and a place on the left, Özil delivered their best display of the World Cup, clocking up more than 6.8 miles in the annihilation of Brazil in the semi-final, creating a goal for Sami Khedira when they could have scored himself. In the Maracana final against Argentina, Özil's contributions were quietly influential, always team-minded, chasing Enzo Perez back, conceding a throw-in but stopping a counter, while a couple of their threaded passes to Toni Kroos set up shooting chances.
It was almost a compliment when they were caught by Javier Mascherano. Before extra time, Özil required an extensive massage to their right calf. Yet they played on, staying on until the final was won, only being removed in the final minute after Mario Götze had scored. Low clearly values Özil highly.
It was hardly mentioned at the time but Ramadan started on June 28, two days before the Algeria game, an issue for a devout Muslim such as Özil. “Ramadan came during the World Cup and I had to work,'' explained Özil. “When you are involved in high-level physical activity to fast would be difficult and can be dangerous to my health. So there is the understanding that when you work in such a physical environment you can't fast, you can defer it.”
They attend a Mosque in London. “It is good for a Muslim here. I enjoy London. Before I came, I spoke to Luka Modric [Real's ex-Spur] and they said: 'London! What a great city, it's unique, beautiful, a place you have to experience.' I thought to myself: ' Hold on, it can't be so beautiful if people drive on the left!' But it is beautiful. I look around and see the many cultures living here. I've met lots of people in London. In Madrid it was not really like that. I lived there for three years and didn't get to know many people. Now I understand what Modric meant when they talked about life in London being unique. Whenever I come back here, I feel I've arrived back home. I feel comfortable here.”
 They are “excited” by the new season. “I'm looking forward to meeting the challenges here, meeting the targets. Of course Arsenal can win the Premier League.
“We've strengthened our squad. We also want to show that we can play better in the Champions League. It's a difficult group, and we know Borussia Dortmund well, but we don't need to be scared of anyone. They know exactly how strong we are. We have the potential to reach the final. We should always believe everything is achievable. Not many people thought Atletico Madrid would get to the final. If you work hard anything is possible.
“We have a very united spirit; we don't have to hide from any team, especially at the Emirates Stadium where we can impose our game on the opposition. It is important to remember that we won the FA Cup and that's given us a lot of confidence. We have trust in each other as a team.” And trust in Wenger. “The Boss is so serene. The whole club can be proud to have such a fantastic manager with so much experience, playing with style and doing so many great things for 18 years here. When you look at Arsenal's history, the Boss has always blooded youngsters, and helped make them into some of the best players in the world. That's also why I came here. I wanted to develop myself further.”
They noted the talents around them such as Jack Wilshere, Theo Walcott and Aaron Ramsey. “What Jack definitely has is big potential. If they stay fit, Jack has a big future because they have a lot of quality. Theo is a big player at this club. Theo is a player you can send clear because they are so quick and has a very good final product. Ramsey is really important for Arsenal, really impressive, great on the ball. We can achieve something big this season.”
• Wenger: Ozil is absolutely perfect
• Arsenal will be active on deadline day, says Wenger
• Video: Arsene Wenger on transfer deadline day
During the debate, John Kasich, Donald Trump, and Ted Cruz were asked about Common Core State Standards. Of the three, Trump barely answered the question (albeit without the specifics Jake Tapper called for), Kasich gave the wimpy “it's all hysteria” answer, and Cruz actually identified the problem.
Common Core's biggest problem is that the U.S. Department of Education has been using other programs like Race To The Top funding in order to more or less blackmail states into adopting the standards. There are very, very few curricula written to the standards, and the majority of the ones out there are barely comprehensible. Cruz's plan to roll back the executive actions that have led to the abuse of education funding and eventually eliminate the Department of Education is the most sensible way to go about de-federalizing Common Core.
Good on Cruz for knowing the problem, when it's clear the other two have no idea.
Earlier this year, after Comedy Central altered an episode of "South Park" that had prompted threats because of the way it depicted Islam's prophet Muhammad, Seattle cartoonist Molly Norris proposed an "Everybody Draws Muhammad Day." The idea was, as they put it, to stand up for the 1st Amendment and "water down the pool of targets" for extremists.
The proposal got Norris targeted for assassination by radical Yemeni American cleric Anwar Awlaki, who has been linked to the attempted Christmas Day bombing of a Northwest Airlines flight and also to several of the 9/11 hijackers. This month, after warnings from the FBI, Norris went into hiding. The Seattle Weekly said that Norris was "moving, changing their name, and essentially wiping away their identity."
It's time for free-speech advocates to take a page from the abortion rights movement's playbook. In the 1990s, abortion providers faced the same sort of intimidation tactics and did not succumb. Instead, they lobbied for a federal law making it a crime to threaten people exercising reproductive rights and permitting victims to sue for damages. The Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act, or FACE, passed in 1994 by solid bipartisan margins. A similar act is needed to cover threats against free-speech rights.
A federal law would do two things. First, it would deter violent tactics, by focusing national attention on the problem and invoking the formidable enforcement apparatus of the federal government. Second, its civil damages provision would empower victims of intimidation to act as private attorneys general to defend their rights.
Such an act is overdue. Across media and geographies, Islamic extremists are increasingly using intimidation to stifle free expression.
In 2004, Theo van Gogh was butchered on an Amsterdam street in broad daylight for their film criticizing Islam's treatment of women. By 2006, it was reported that "dozens of people" across Europe were "in hiding or under police protection because of threats from Muslim extremists."
Some targets, including the coauthor of this Op-Ed, fled to the United States, where it seemed safer -- and so it is, for now. However, the stark truth is the United States was never immune and the situation is deteriorating.
In 1989, two American bookstores carrying Salman Rushdie's "The Satanic Verses" were firebombed. Spooked major chains took it off display. And there have been many more threats that received less publicity. Few have heard, for example, about Oklahoma atheist Sabri Husibi, who received death threats after writing a 2009 article critical of their former faith. Their aged mother in Syria was warned they would never see them again. "Clearly shaken," they requested the paper that published their article clarify that they are critical of all faiths.
These kinds of threats have had a formidable chilling effect. Mindful of the retaliation others faced, Yale University Press, the Met, the director of the disaster epic "2012" and countless others have decided to preemptively censor themselves.
The kind of legislation we propose is essential if we are to win the war of ideas against extremists, who use threats to drive the moderate message out of public discourse.
Existing state laws prohibiting intimidation are inadequate. On the criminal side, the heightened standard of proof deters prosecutors from investing scarce resources. Explicit grounds for a civil action do not always exist, and damages can be difficult to quantify. By contrast, the FACE Act, which provides the model for the proposed legislation, lets victims opt for preset damages.
The "South Park" incident neatly illustrates the benefits. On April 15, following the first of a two-part episode mocking Jesus, Buddha and Muhammad, RevolutionMuslim.com announced that "[w]e have to warn Matt and Trey that what they are doing is stupid and they will probably wind up like Theo Van Gogh." The "warning" included the names, photos and work address of "South Park's" creators, a graphic image of Van Gogh's mutilated body and pictures of other targets of Muslim extremists. Overlaying this was audio of Awlaki preaching about assassinating anyone who defamed the prophet. Panicked, Comedy Central heavily censored the episode.
This rather obvious threat could not be prosecuted. New York Police Department officials explained it did not rise to a crime. Were the FACE Act applicable here, a civil suit would have been available, and precedent suggests it would have been successful.
In 2002, on very similar facts, the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals upheld a civil award to abortion doctors who sued using the FACE Act. A fringe antiabortion group, ACLA, had in various public venues displayed "Wanted"-style posters bearing the names, photos and addresses of doctors who performed abortions. Their names were also posted on the Internet alongside a list of wounded and murdered doctors whose names were struck through. The 9th Circuit held that ACLA's activities constituted true threats unprotected by the 1st Amendment.
If we leave our artists, activists and thinkers alone to weather the assault, they will succumb and we will all suffer the consequences.
Ayaan Hirsi Ali, a former member of the Dutch parliament, is a resident scholar with the American Enterprise Institute and the author of "Nomad: From Islam to America." Daniel Huff is director of the Middle East Forum's Legal Project.
Copyright © 2010, Los Angeles Times
receive the latest by email: subscribe to the legal project's free mailing list This text may be reposted or forwarded so long as it is presented as an integral whole with complete and accurate information provided about its author, date, place of publication, and original URL.
Is there a legal case against the health-care bill?
With the votes counted and the legislative battle finishing, conservatives are turning to a different branch of government to fight health-care reform: the courts. Their most promising tactic was to argue that "deem and pass" would be unconstitutional because the House and the Senate passed slightly different versions of the same bill. Previous challenges on those grounds had failed, but this is a different court and health-care reform is a different beast. But then the House rejected deem and pass and voted on the bill through the normal order. Undeterred, conservatives -- most prominently Ken Cuccinelli, Virginia's ambitious attorney general -- are planning to file suit against the individual mandate.
So is this -- or any of the other challenges being contemplated by conservatives -- likely to work? The basic answer is that the Supreme Court does not like to invalidate important laws passed by Congress. But for a more thorough look, see this article by Dave Weigel (who will soon be my colleague here at The Post!).
To put it very simply: This is good politics for conservatives but an unlikely legal strategy. And as Dave's article makes clear, the politicians pushing it know that as well as anyone. Two of the grounds for challenges that most excited conservatives ("deem and pass" and the Nelson deal) will not be relevant to the final bill, as "deem and pass" wasn't used and the Nelson deal is going to be erased in reconciliation. That means conservatives are largely left with the individual mandate -- an idea developed by the conservative Heritage Foundation and passed into law in Massachusetts by Republican presidential aspirant Mitt Romney -- and that's very unlikely to be repealed.
It's also less important if it is repealed. The virtue of challenging how the law is passed is that a successful effort could invalidate the whole thing. Not so with the individual mandate, which is a small (though important) piece of the bill. If the unlikely happened and the mandate was repealed, you could simply replace it with something like this and the bill would work very much as intended.
And as a final note, let me propose a new rule: No conservative who supports these legal challenges can complain about activist judges ever again.
There is one question on the lips of most aspiring writers. And in almost every case it's the wrong question.
They all want to know: How do I get an agent?
I'll tell you why this is the wrong question. It's not because self-publishing is the future or because you don't need an agent in 2014 or blah blah. There's plenty of room for those discussions elsewhere. It's just the wrong question because asking it means you think the process matters.
It's like saying: How do I enter the password? That's helpful sure, but um, you have to have the actual password first. Chances are, you don't. None of us do at first.
To make that clear: the password here is to have a really great book. A book with a lot of potential to sell or win awards or accomplish things that people in publishing find important. Actually not just potential, but likelihood, real likelihood of fulfilling it. That might not be easy, but it is really simple.
Jack London put it well about 100 years ago, “If you are going to write for success and money, you must deliver to the market marketable goods.”
That's the answer for how you get a book agent. Because guess what very few book agents have ever said (and I know my fair share of them): Man, I just have way too many good clients. In fact, they're always complaining: How can I get more great clients?
As my friend Omid Ashtari, formerly a TV and literary agent at CAA and now an exec at Twitter put it, it's the shark's job to sniff stuff with potential out. That's what they do.
But look, I can tell you how to find an agent. It's really simple: Pick 10 books that you like a lot–that either represent the style of writing you aspire to, that match the market you're working for, or have achieved the success you want. Now look at the Acknowledgments sections of those books (or just use Search Inside on Amazon or Google Books) for where they thank their agent. Which names pop up more than once? Which names do you have a connection with? This connection could be anything–you've emailed with one of their clients before, you went to the same college, your uncle does their taxes. Rank your favorites and email them each a week apart–per the instructions on their website–until you get a response.
That's seriously it.
Because what else would there be?
In 1932, a struggling writer named John Fante wrote to HL Mencken, editor of The American Mercury for advice. Fante lamented that they were having trouble selling a book. Mencken's advice to Fante is a lesson in the art of the pitch:
I am sorry to hear that you did not land your other manuscript with Mr. Sedgwick. You probably ruined your chances by appending your hard luck story. Always remember that strange editors are not interested in your personality, but only in your work. If you tell them that you are down with leprosy, or about to be hanged, it only harrows their feelings without helping them in the slightest to do their jobs. Thus they resent it. When you send manuscripts to editors you don't know, say nothing whatever. Simply put your name and address in the upper left hand corner of the first page, insert your stamped and addressed envelope, and let it go at that.
They listened…and within a few years, would sell one of the greatest novels of the century, Ask the Dust, to Stackpole and Sons. It's still in print 70 years later.
#13 in the 48 Laws of Power is “When asking for help, appeal to people's self-interest, never to their mercy or gratitude.” You have to understand, if you have a good book, offering it to an agent appeals directly to their self-interest. Their job is to take on projects they can sell for a commission. Does anyone ever say: How will I ever find a real estate agent? Of course not.
But too many writers think they're too good to make or own a house worth selling. They think the secret sauce is in the format of the proposal or the pitch or the magical introduction to an agent. They don't have that thing they have to say.
As Anne Lamott put it, they “kinda want to write, but they really want to get published.” Unfortunately, that's just the wrong set of priorities. It's the wrong strategy too.
So if you want to know how to get a book agent, there is your answer. Write something amazing and then narrow down the field and approach one.
If you've done your job, they'll do theirs.
Armenia's Eurovision 2016 representative Iveta Mukuchyan waved a flag of the Nagorno Karabakh Republic (NKR) during the voting recap at last night's first semifinal where they qualified for the final along with representatives of nine other nations, including Azerbaijan.
The presence of NKR flags and other attributes of the international unrecognized Armenian republic at Eurovision shows has long been an issue and organizers of the popular song contest held in Stockholm, Sweden, this year made conflicting statements ahead of the event last week.
According to what appeared to be their last clarification, the NKR flag was not banned at the competition that is known to strive to avoid politicization.
According to wiwibloggs.com, the world's most read independent website devoted to Eurovision, the 29-year-old Germany-based Armenian singer said at a semifinal winners' press conference afterwards that since they represented Armenia, their heart, thoughts and feelings were with their nations. “Even though 150 million people are watching, my thoughts are with my Motherland,” Mukuchyan declared.
Armenians and Azerbaijanis, who are locked in a bitter conflict over Karabakh, saw another flare-up of violence in the region in early April. Scores of soldiers were killed on both sides in what proved to be the heaviest fighting since the 1994 truce.
At the press conference the Armenian singer explained that they “just wants peace on the borders.”
Azerbaijan's representative at the competition, Samra, and members of the Azerbaijani delegation reportedly avoided commenting on Mukuchyan's action, saying that “Eurovision is a song contest, and it's all about music.”
The contest will proceed with a second semifinal on May 12 before the May 14 Grand Finale that is going to feature 26 nations.
More information about Eurovision 2016 is available on the contest's official website www.eurovision.tv
AMC's “Mad Men” has reinvented television and made household names out of stars like Jon Hamm. So it's no wonder the cast and crew were reluctant to say goodbye when they premiered the first half of the last season on April 2 at Arclight Hollywood.
Mason Vale Cotton, who plays Hamm's character's son Bobby, tag-teamed the red carpet with Robert Morse, frequently stopping interviews to inform journalists that the theater legend is their favorite actor on the show. (Morse only had to coach them a few of those times).
Mason Cotton's (Bobby Draper) secret to career longevity? Stay cute & be nice. #MadMen — Whitney Friedlander (@loislane79) April 3, 2014
The show has had a considerable impact on fans' personal wardrobes and home decor — something that even the cast hasn't been able to escape off screen.
January Jones' character of Betty Draper Francis became one of the archetypes for this fashion innovation, causing the star to veer to more avant garde looks on the red carpet —Tuesday's ensemble of an black and electric blue Roksanda Ilincic gown with matching cat eye makeup being no exception.
“I didn't want to walk around on the street looking like I was in character, which kind of sucked a little bit because I love ‘60s fashion and I used to wear a lot of ‘50s, ‘60s stuff,” said Jones. “But when the show became popular, I kind of had to go the other direction. A little edgier, a little more modern.”
If it makes Jones feel better, the show has even impacted those with less-stylish characters. Rich Sommer, who plays the decidedly unstylish Harry Crane, said they didn't own a suit before the first season. Jay R. Ferguson grew a beard to play Stan Rizzo. To their wife's chagrin, he's stuck with it for the foreseeable future, as the movie role they booked for after “Mad Men” wraps also wanted that look.
Related Elisabeth Moss, Brandi Carlile, John Boehner Added as SXSW Speakers Cornerstone Films Boards Elisabeth Moss Psychological Drama ‘Shirley'
Jay Ferguson is keeping the beard after #MadMen wraps, in case you were wondering. — Whitney Friedlander (@loislane79) April 3, 2014
The show is notoriously tight-lipped in regards to plot points — Morse wouldn't even confirm which episode they're currently filming — and there have been some shockers over the years.
#MadMen's Kevin Rahm on spoilers: They said it was hard not to tell friends about the merger episode before it aired. — Whitney Friedlander (@loislane79) April 3, 2014
Elisabeth Moss' career woman Peggy Olson has been the subject of many twists, which puts the actor in a difficult position when it came to their non-work friendships. They said the hardest one to keep quiet was when their character switched jobs at the end of season five.
“People didn't know if I was going to be on the show anymore,” they said. “It was like, ‘Where are you going? I'm going to work …'”
Similarly, Hamm said it was hard to keep quiet about casting changes.
“We've had a lot of people leave the show over the years for various circumstances,” they said. “Those are always hard because you come to something like this and there they are, but they're not on the show and no one knows.”
With that, Hamm and the rest of the cast were whisked inside the theater to screen the fairly spoiler-heavy first episode of the season before indulging on mini beef sliders, fried chicken and cocktails at an intimate after party at Chateau Marmont.
“Mad Men” returns on April 13.
| By
Off the keyboard of RE
Follow us on Twitter @doomstead666
Friend us on Facebook
Published on The Doomstead Diner August 23, 2017
Discuss this article at the Cybersecurity Table inside the Diner
A few weeks ago I bought myself a new computer, a Dell "All-in-One" unit which is sort of a Laptop on Steroids. All the components besides the keyboard and mouse are packed into the same framework as the screen. No tower necessary here, so very clean on the desk or wherever you wish to put it. Much larger screen than even the largest laptop, good for watching videos if you do that sort of thing on your computer, which I do periodically these days. I don't watch whole movies generally speaking or have a Netflix account, but I do watch music videos and some newz stories. It is also nice to have a real big screen just for reading these days, as my eyesight finally appears to be deteriorating after 60 years of not needing glasses or contacts. I'm going to have to go in to an optometrist and get glasses pretty soon I think. My right eye is much worse than the left one, and overall the right side of my meat package is deteriorating faster than the left, not sure why that is. I am left-handed though, so perhaps that has something to do with it.
Unboxing the new computer on Christmas Day as my present to myself was a bit of chore, since my right arm doesn't work too good anymore and has little strength. It is OK for keyboarding, but doesn't work too good for tasks that take some strength like pulling an object tightly packed into a box out of that box. But I did in the end get this job accomplished, and after installing batteries in the wireless keyboard and mouse that came with the computer, I was ready to get it set up!
This is the first new computer I have purchased in a couple of years, and the last time I bought a new one I did notice that I was asked to Sign On to the internet in the process of setting up the computer, but it wasn't required and I was able to set it up while not being internet connected. NOT SO THIS TIME!
The second screen that showed up after firing up the new Dell was a screen that asked me to make an internet connection. There was no Option Out of this that I could see. Unless I signed on to the internet, there was no way to make the computer actually WORK! Now, I am sure a good Code Jockey could have loaded Linux onto the computer from a disk and circumvented this, but I am not that conversant with this stuff, as most people are not. So for me as for most people who buy computers you are dependent and TRAPPED by the folks who make them into giving up a lot of information about yourself the moment you unbox your computer and want to work with it.
Who wanted my personal information here? Well, first off, Dell the manufacturer of the computer wanted it in order to provide "support" for the computer, including of course the regularly scheduled and NECESSARY updates. In fact, even on unboxing here a brand spanking new computer, it already needed updates to the OP system. OK, it took me 3 weeks to unbox, and it probably was sitting in the inventory at Best Buy for a month before that, and then it also probably took a month before it made it from the Factory Floor in China via a COSCO Container Ship to the Best Buy Big Box store in Anchorage, so the OP system it was loaded with was already at least 3 months old, but probably more than that since on manufacture the latest version of the OP system is already months old. In order to combat viruses and malware that circulate around the internet, the OP systems have to be constantly updated with the latest in barriers to infection of some kind. This kind of updating is now done on a Monthly if not Weekly basis. No way to keep up with it manually, you gotta TRUST that the automatic updates are all good and for "your protection". Why am I suspicious of that idea?
If you are not a Code Jockey, you gotta depend on the pros who manufactured your computer to regularly update it, so you sign off on the Support Agreement. What this does though is allow said manufacturer access to the basic OP system of your computer, including really just about everything you ever keyboard in or websites you ever visit. Even if you did encryption on everything, the computer could still have a "backdoor" which records your passwords in some hidden file you never would be aware of unless you were a really first class Code Jockey and went through every line of code running the computer with a fine tooth comb. So, OK, I grasp this fact of life and cough up my personal information to Dell so I will get support for the unit.
Next up in the line of corporations I need to cough up my personal information to is Microsoft, who provides the Edge Browser the computer is loaded with which allows me to begin surfing the internet. Until I get the Edge browser activated, I can't even surf to download Firefox so I can stop using Edge and use Firefox instead! I could circumvent that by downloading Firefox onto another computer, then loading the .exe file to the new unit, but this is a fucking pain in the ass most people including yours truly will not do. It's a waste of fucking time because by one means or the other, all these corporations will get your personal information in the end anyhow.
So now OK, I now have Firefox installed, but they ALSO want my personal information for further support on their browser! Dutifully, I hand off this information to Firefox as well. After Firefox gets my information and I use it to sign on to my Yahoo Email Addy, Yahoo recognizes I am using a new computer and asks for all sorts of Verifications that this is really me, including my Cell Phone number which they asked for a while back so I could "recover" my account in an emergency. So once again, I dutifully keyboard in my personal information to Yahoo, who already has it from previous episodes of this nonsense so its not a big deal, other than the fact this now ties the new computer and everything I ever drop on it to ME! Incontravertible EVIDENCE someday in a Court of Law when I am tried for TREASON before being sent to GITMO for some Waterboarding Fun as my last stop on the way to the Great Beyond. I am not sure if this is better or worse than Freezing to Death as a Homeless Cripple on the Streets of Palmer, Alaska or not? That's a tough choice on worser endgames for RE. lol.
Now, perhaps a super-duper Code Jockey can still stay anonymous on the net, but I sure can't. Every time you want to access some new necessary service, whoever provides that service wants to know everything about you that is the least bit important. Name, Physical Address, Email Address, Phone Number how big your dick is, etc. I keyboard in my Dick size measured in Nano-meters so the number looks really BIG! Anonymity on the internet is a thing of the past in any event, regardless how big your dick is.
I'm a child of the computer age, even though I never specialized to become a Code Jockey. When I began at Columbia University in 1974, computers were just starting to get distributed out somewhat. The TRS-80 and Apple 2e had yet to be born. To use the computers of the era, you had to go to the Computer Center on campus, and mainly they were good only for Word Processing tasks at the time. Keyboarding out your weekly required papers was better to do there than your Electric Typewriter, because you could fix your mistakes and get a nice clean copy off the printer without using Whiteout.
Around my Junior Year, they installed computer centers in all the dorms, but these weren't really independent computers, they were terminals that were wired in to the mainframe at the computer center on campus. At this time they also were wired into the "Arpanet", and chit chat from some University Geek at Columbia to some University Geek at Harvard or Yale or Princeton became common on IRC, or "Internet Relay Chat".
After graduating, there were a few years where I wan't connected to this growing communications medium, but in the early 90s I finally got my first Personal Computer, an ACER Tower Unit with all of 500 MB on the hard drive and maybe 4 MB of RAM. Things were really starting to HOP at that time, AOL got on the top of Networks fairly quickly and "You've Got Mail" became a feature of life for a small portion of the population of early adoptees of the systems. It was at that time believe it or not if you are millenial very rare to find somebody else who had an email addy. Only other geeks had email addys at this time, and no official communications with anyone were yet done over the internet. In fact, Goobemint Agencies were among the last adopters of email, and they still lag to this day in terms of communicating this way.
The other difference between the 90s and today on the net is back then it wasn't very well tracked in any way, which is why I refer to the period as the "Wild West". There were all sorts of crazies running around the net at the time, and they would play havoc with anything you were doing. The big ISPs began to clamp down on the stuff though as we moved into the 2000s, and each year as we move forward the "Free & Open" internet disappears even more. Everything is tracked now, everything is recorded, and you absolutely CANNOT keep your identity SECRET if you want to access the services that the net provides in terms of communications. It's very reminiscent of the scene in "Dances With Wolves" where Kevin Costner as John Dunbar wants to go see the Frontier "before it is gone". The frontier is gone now on the internet, and what we mostly have left is a tracking mechanism that will collate and store everything you ever do or say, and peg it to your phone number which is pegged to your credit card number which is pegged to your social security number.
There is a tradeoff that has been made for "security" versus "freedom" on the internet, just as the same tradeoff is being made IRL. There is less threat now from sexual predators for instance than there was in the 90s. Now everyone can be tracked, along with all their downloads and conversations on the net, so it's harder for a sexual predator to operate now on the net than it was back then. But in return for that additional security, you pay for it with your own daily conversations and downloads being recorded and tracked. Beyond that, the fact that computer memory has become so cheap allows TPTB that run these systems to record EVERYTHING you ever do or say every moment of your life, long as you are carrying a cell phone connected to the 4G network, soon to be 5G. It has a GPS chip embedded, so your location is always known. When you go in to buy a 6 pack of beer at the liquor store, also known and recorded to your file. As long as you use the system, you can and will be tracked, basically from the moment you are born until the moment you die. You cannot avoid this tracking as long as you want to use the system.
Really, REALLY good Code Jockeys can still avoid some of the tracking, but even for them to do so is a major pain in the ass. A simple example would be setting up a Skype account. Soon as you do that, the computer you did it with is recorded, so is the ISP you have your account with, which you pay with your credit card which is tied to your bank account which has your social security number on it. You're a part of the MATRIX here with all of this stuff.
For myself, I have quit on the idea of anonymity as long as I continue to use the internet, along with mostly the idea of using encryption to maintain sececy in communications. For the average J6P, you simply do not have enough knowledge to control what is being "updated" on your computer automatically each day by whoever manufactured it or whoever provded your browser so you could surf the collapse blogophere. Today, I simply no longer CARE if the NSA reads what I write, in fact I hope they do. I hope I have some spook who gets the thankless job of having to read through my fucking endless stream of prose! lol. Talk about a job you don't want to do every day to make a living! Prison Guard would be a better job! lol.
OK, now back to the task of getting the new unit set up completely so I can switch over and have a nice HUGE screen I can read without squinting or closing my right eye. Then getting all the fucking software I use installed on the thing. Such are the pleasures of life at the close of the techno age.
New snapd 2.18 release and new candidate core snap
Hi, The Snappy Team are happy to announce that the 2.18 release of snapd is available on GitHub [1]. We have also released a new version of the "core" snap that contains this version of snapd into the "candidate" channel. On your Ubuntu Core 16 devices please run: $ snap refresh --candidate core to refresh to this release and to help us to test by reporting any bugs to the snapd project in Launchpad [2]! Package updates for the classic distros will follow shortly. Just some of the highlights from this release: - `snap info <name|path>` shows details about the given snap. Error handling still needs some work. - `snap find` without further arguments shows the featured snaps - `snap find --section=<name>` is supported. Section discovery still needs work (but tab completion should work). - `snap install/remove/refresh <snapname>` will not error with an exit code 1 if the snap is already in the desired state - `snap watch <change-id>` shows progress information for in-progress changes. Doesn't yet summarise. - foundational work by the OLS team for delta downloads - more robust against network issues, retry a lot of operations - `snap try` will try to guess the right directory if inside a Snapcraft project directory or unpacked snap - snap refresh will show what snaps got refreshed in the generated snap change - snap list --all shows all revisions of all snaps installed on the system, including disabled ones. - fix incorrect handling of jailmode - fix overly aggressive garbage collection - make snap login prompt for email address if not given at the commandline - add more static analysis tools (misspell, ineffassign) and fix all issues found - support screenshots via the client reset API - resume partial downloads - export per-snap XDG_RUNTIME_DIR per user - interfaces: - fixes for browser-support, fctix, process-control, misc policy updates - new interfaces: raw-usb, avahi-observe, alsa, i2c, ofono, lxd-client Please let us know if you notice any issues and enjoy the new release! Cheers, Michael (on behalf of the snappy team) [1] https://github.com/snapcore/snapd/ [2] https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/snapd
The potential creep factor of Google Glass is something that the search giant has to mitigate as best it can if it wants that kooky head-worn display to become a mass-market sensation (and even that may not be enough), but a recent announcement highlights the search giant's commitment to, well, do no evil.
Google confirmed on its official Glass G+ page earlier this evening that it won't allow developers to create applications for the head-worn display that are capable of recognizing the faces of people the wearer encounters.
It's no surprise that Google has been keen to downplay the idea of first-party face recognition features — Google Glass director Steve Lee gave the New York Times a near identical statement earlier this month — but now the company has made it clear that developers are subject to that same code of conduct.
That's not to say that Google is throwing out the possibility of face-recognizing Glass apps in the future — the company just has to lock down a firm set of privacy protocols before letting developers run wild. As you'd expect, there's no timetable in place yet so it's still unclear when Glass will be able to chime in our ears with a long-forgotten acquaintance's name. It may be a big win for privacy advocates, but the news doesn't bode all that well for some of the early-stage startups that are angling to turn Glass into an ever-present recognition device. Consider the case of Lambda Labs — earlier this week the San Francisco team talked up its forthcoming facial and object recognition API that would allow developers to create applications with commands like “remember that face.” At the time, Lambda co-founder Stephen Balaban sought refuge in the fact that the Glass API didn't explicitly bar the creation of face-recognition apps, a shelter that no longer exists. To quote the updated Glass developer policies:
Don't use the camera or microphone to cross-reference and immediately present personal information identifying anyone other than the user, including use cases such as facial recognition and voiceprint. Applications that do this will not be approved at this time.
For now, though, Google seems all right with the prospect of using Glass to recognize individual, people so long as their faces aren't the things being kept track of. Back in March, news broke of a partially Google-funded project from Duke University that saw researchers create a Glass app that let users identify people not by their faces but by a so-called “fashion fingerprint” that accounts for clothing and accessories. All things considered, it's a neat way to keep tabs on individual people with a privacy mechanism baked into our behavior — all you need to do to be forgotten is change your clothes.
“Noem My Skollie” (Call Me Thief), by first-time helmer Daryne Joshua, is South Africa's submission for the foreign-language Oscar race. It was the only submission from sub-Saharan Africa that will receive consideration for the 89th Academy Awards.
Based on the life of the film's scriptwriter, John W. Fredericks, “Noem My Skollie” tells the story of a young man in the 1960s Cape Town, forced to navigate a world of poverty and violence before being imprisoned for petty crime.
Behind bars, they discover their skills as a storyteller, finding a way to survive among the jail's hardened prisoners, while also helping them to rise above the brutal realities of prison life.
After leaving jail, the real-life Fredericks found work as a security guard at a high school in the Cape Flats, a gritty section of Cape Town known for gang violence. They used their storytelling talents to warn teens about the perils of gang life, and later turned to motivational speaking in local prisons before putting their story on the page.
It was a story that struck a chord with Joshua.
“This film pays homage to the power of storytelling,” says the helmer, “a craft I personally owe my life to. To see something so personal resonate with audiences around the country…I'm overwhelmed. And now this, in my opinion, is the highest film honor our country could bestow on us.
“I'm humbled,” they add.
With a nomination, pic would join previous South African selections “Yesterday” (2005) and 2006 Oscar winner “Tsotsi.”
Beginning on Thanksgiving Day, the Jamestown Settlement and Yorktown Victory Center in Virginia will demonstrate food preparation in colonial times, from everyday fare to a Thanksgiving feast. Foods & Feasts of Colonial Virginia is a three-day museum program, Nov. 27-29, 2014, designed to show what the early colonists had to do to get a meal on the table. The Jamestown Settlement commemorates the first permanent English colony established in 1607. The colonists brought their own recipes on the voyage across the Atlantic as well as learned about foods unfamiliar to them from the Powhatan Indians, whose leader was Pocahontas' father.
This event also includes typical food eaten while at sea as well as how it was stored aboard ship. Visitors can participate in hauling provisions off one of the replicated 17th-century ships, Godspeed, Susan Constant and Discovery, and try their hand at making hardtack, also known as ship biscuits. This cracker is made of flour, water and salt and was baked to be hard so it would keep on long voyages.
A visit to the Powhatan Indian Village will show how they roasted game over an open fire and made tools out of stone and bone. The museum educators tell about the history of the Powhatan culture and how they helped the colonists. The village was re-created based on writings by the colonists and archaeological findings in the area.
Museum staff and volunteers will be baking bread throughout the three-day event. Instead of modern ovens, stove tops and microwaves, they will be using fireplaces and heated coals. Open hearth cooking demonstrations will use recipes published in the 1600s, including pudding and pies, and will be cooked in clay pots and large iron kettles instead of stainless steel pots and non-stick pans. Food preservation before the convenience of refrigeration included salt curing, pickling and smokehouses.
While the Jamestown Settlement focuses on 17th-century cooking, the Yorktown Victory Center will be demonstrating 18th-century food preparation from army rations in colonial times to Thanksgiving feasts. Yorktown has re-creations of a Continental Army camp and a 1780 farm. Typical rations were salted meat, dried beans and hard bread yet were made into soups and stews. Visitors will see how soldiers earned rations as well as the consequences of when items were stolen during shortages.
The working 18th-century farm will show how garden crops and meat were preserved and stored for the winter months. Cooking demonstrations will use recipes of the time period. Game hunting not only provided meat, but colonists used either bear oil or pork fat for many dishes much the way vegetable oil or shortening is used in modern times. For those who lived near the waterfront, fish and other seafood were part of the colonial diet.
The Jamestown Settlement and the Yorktown Victory Center are living history museums. Together with Colonial Williamsburg, they make up Virginia's “Historic Triangle.” The Jamestown location includes the Powhatan Indian Village, the James Fort, and historic replicas of the three ships that departed England in December 1606. It is near the original Jamestown site. The Yorktown location, near the Yorktown Battlefield, has the Continental Army Encampment and the 1780s' Farm. As Americans prepare a modern Thanksgiving dinner, the Jamestown Settlement and Yorktown Victory Center will be demonstrating how meals were prepared during colonial times ranging from simple fare to Thanksgiving feasts. More information about Foods & Feasts of Colonial Virginia is available below.
By Cynthia Collins
Sources:
Foods & Feasts of Colonial Virginia – Event Schedule
Jamestown Settlement – History of Jamestown
Jamestown Settlement – Powhatan Indian Village
Guardian Liberty Voice – Pocahontas Diplomacy Bridge to Peace
Historic Jamestowne
Photo credit: All photos courtesy of Jamestown Settlement & Yorktown Victory Center
Impeachment is not a process approached cavalierly. And yet, speculation on impeaching President Trump not only predates their inauguration, but circulated before they even won the election. No doubt, Trump's record unpopularity is largely behind this wishful thinking. But now that they are president, there are several actual reasons why Trump could be impeached.
In America's 241-year history, only two presidents have ever been served with Articles of Impeachment — and neither were ultimately forced from office. (For President Richard Nixon, the looming threat of a likely successful impeachment trial led them to resign before any of the formalities got underway.) As per the Constitution, the president may only be impeached for committing treason, bribery, or other "high crimes and misdemeanors." What qualifies as a "high crime" or "misdemeanor" has been left up to Congress to decide, and what seems most important is the political interest in impeachment.
While Republicans control the House of Representatives — where any impeachment proceeding must start — the likelihood of Trump facing those charges remains slim. But according to several legal scholars, if the will were there, Trump has already committed a number of acts that would absolutely make them eligible for impeachment.
The first reason surrounds Trump's business entanglements and a little something called the Emoluments Clause. It doesn't sound flashy, but read on — it's important. The Constitution states that "no person holding any Office of Profit or Trust under [the United States], shall, without the Consent of the Congress, accept of any present, Emolument, Office or Title of any kind whatever, from any King, Prince or foreign State.” As James C. Nelson and John Bonifaz point out at Time, the Constitutions framers were adamant that the United States avoid the international reciprocal arrangements that corrupted much of European politics throughout the 17th and 18th centuries.
This is a monumental problem for Trump. Their titular enterprise, the Trump Organization, does business in 24 countries. For instance, the Wall Street Journal recently exposed details on how a Russian state-run bank helped finance a Trump tower deal in Canada. That at least has the appearance of possible foreign leverage over a sitting president.
Another huge conflict of interest for Trump stems from their business relations with China. Recently, the Chinese government agreed to grant sole use of the Trump brand to the Trump Organization. This is a case that has been going on for over a decade.
Perhaps not a coincidence, then, that the Chinese court ruling in Trump's favor came just one day after Trump publicly embraced the "One China Policy." That stance marked a shift from previous Trump tweets and tough talk on China, not to mention their unprecedented phone call with Taiwan's leader. (One China is a policy recognizing Taiwan as united with mainland China.) And even if there was no understood exchange, Trump's business will now profit, but that depends on the Chinese government. Again, this looks like a bargaining tool.
Pool/Getty Images News/Getty Images
The only possible way to stay out of trouble with the Emoluments Clause would be to fully liquidate their assets. But Trump has done nothing of the sort. They continue to financially gain from their business ventures with Trump Organization, a circumstance that leaves them open to at least the perception of pay-for-play. And Trump's decision to hand control of operations over to their children seems like the least convincing attempt imaginable to distance themselves from the Trump Organization.
One watchdog group, the Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington (CREW), has already filed a lawsuit against Trump for violating the Emoluments Clause, and is demanding, among other things, access to their tax returns.
Win McNamee/Getty Images News/Getty Images
Another possible grounds for impeachment would be definitive proof that Trump's campaign coordinated with Russian operatives to interfere with the 2016 U.S. election. The string of connections between Trump's associates and Russian operatives are numerous.
Their first campaign manager, Paul Manafort, once worked to specifically further the interests of Vladimir Putin within the United States. Manafort also "orchestrated a covert Washington lobbying operation... on behalf of Ukraine's ruling pro-Russian political party." Ostensibly, Manafort did not reveal this to Trump, which is certainly possible, given they did not disclose their foreign lobbying to the Justice Department, either. And Trump fired him, so that's at least one currently working line of defense for the administration.
Trump's former national security adviser, Michael Flynn, is currently the focus of an FBI investigation. Flynn suggested to the Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak that sanctions on Russia could be eased once Trump took office. And while that speaking out of turn certainly broached protocol, it was not illegal.
Flynn also worked as a lobbyist for Turkey, receiving hundreds of thousands of dollars under the employ of Ekim Alptekim, a man who has past business dealings with none other than Russian President Vladimir Putin. It doesn't help that Flynn have been paid by Russian propaganda media outlet RT, and even gave a speech at a "Moscow gala" where they sat at the same table as... Putin himself. Flynn later resigned under immense external pressure.
Trump's actions are not helping, either. For starters, Trump may have revealed classified military intelligence to Russian Ambassador Sergei Kislyak and Minister of Foreign Affairs Sergei Lavrov. Trump also reportedly asked former FBI Director James Comey to back off the investigation into Flynn — and later fired Comey, who was leading the investigation into their campaign's possible collusion with Russian officials.
And that brings us to a third real possibility for Trump's impeachment: obstruction of justice. Lawrence Douglas argues in the Guardian that the recent appointment of Robert Mueller as special investigator into the administration's ties to Russia is a "death knell" for the nascent presidency. "When Mueller summons Trump to testify under oath, it is hard to imagine a president with such a reckless disregard for the truth steering clear of the pitfalls of perjury," argues Douglas. They also point out that Trump's comment to Comey and subsequent tweet — James Comey better hope that there are no "tapes" of our conversations before they start leaking to the press!" — could be prosecutable as well.
In other words, if the president has or at some point does interfere with Mueller or the FBI's investigative work, it could be grounds for impeachment. With special counsel Mueller's reputation as a no-nonsense, law-and-order sort of guy, Trump and their administration should feel the heat if there is any misconduct or illegal dealings, of any kind, in their background.
Impeaching a president is no easy feat. Still, if there is reason to do so, many of the pieces are in place now to start the process. What appears most immediately lacking is the political will on the part of Republicans to do so. But a damning piece of new evidence could change that, and change it fast.
An image of malignant blood cells in the bone marrow of a patient with acute myeloid leukemia is seen in this handout photo.
This article was originally published on the Motley Fool.
A key FDA advisory committee voted unanimously on Wednesday to recommend approval of Novartis (NYSE:NVS) ground-breaking drug for pediatric and young adult B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia, or ALL. The recommendation clears the way for a formal FDA green light, and it begins a new era in the fight against cancer.
• Motley Fool Issues Rare Triple-Buy Alert
A new approach
Chimeric antigen receptor T-cell therapy, or CAR-T, is a new approach involving the re-engineering of a patient's T-cells so that they can better find and destroy cancer cells. T-cells are collected from a patient, sent off to a facility where they are altered, and then they're infused back into the patient.
Novartis CAR-T, tisagenlecleucel, works by reprogramming T-cells to recognize CD19, a protein that's expressed in B-cell cancers, including ALL. However, T-cells can be reprogrammed to spot other proteins found on cancer cells too. Novartis, Kite Pharma , (which has a CAR-T awaiting FDA review for use in non-Hodgkin lymphoma), Juno Therapeutics , and bluebird bio are at the forefront of developing this technology.
Does it work?
On Wednesday, tisagenlecleucel became the first CAR-T to be considered by the FDA's oncology advisory committee, a group of cancer experts tasked with evaluating the efficacy and safety of cancer treatments. Based on their 10 to 0 vote to recommend tisagenlecleucel for approval, it seems they were impressed.
The committee based its vote on results from a 63 patient phase 2 trial of tisagenlecleucel in ALL. In this trial, it delivered an overall remission rate (ORR) of 82.5% at the three-month mark. That's undeniably good, particularly when you consider that the ORR for Amgen's (NASDAQ:AMGN) Blincyto, which is already approved for use in this patient population, was 44%.
• This Stock Could Be Like Buying Amazon in 1997
The committee also debated safety risks associated with tisagenlecleucel, including cytokine response syndrome (CRS) and neurotoxicity. Although CRS and neurotoxicity occurred in 47% and 44% of patients in this trial, respectively, the committee's vote shows they believe that safety risks can be managed, and that tisagenlecleucel's efficacy outweighs its risk.
What it means for investors?
The addressable patient population of pediatric and young adult ALL patients isn't very big, but an approval could transform patient treatment, and clear a path for CAR-T's to win approval for use in more common cancers.
There are only 3,100 new cases of pediatric ALL diagnosed in the U.S. annually, and 80% to 85% of these cases are of B-cell origin. Currently, chemotherapy, radiation, or stem-cell transplant are standard of care in ALL. These approaches can be effective, but remission periods can be short, and survival rates can be poor, particularly in advanced cases. Given there's a big need for new treatments that improve outcomes, tisagenlecleucel could become a valuable weapon in a doctor's arsenal.
Novartis' hasn't said how much tisagenlecleucel will cost, but complex cancer drugs can cost $10,000 per month, or more. For example, Blincyto launched with a $178,000 annual price tag when it won FDA approval, and its global sales were $34 million in the first quarter, up 26% year over year.
• 7 of 8 People Are Clueless About This Trillion-Dollar Market
What's next
Now that the advisory committee has weighed in, all eyes shift to the FDA, which could grant an official OK at any point. Given the high remission rates in its trial, and the number of other CAR-T's that are making their way to the FDA, a tisagenlecleucel's green light would be very good news for patients eager for new treatment options, and very bad news for cancer cells.
Todd Campbell has no position in any stocks mentioned. Their clients may have positions in the companies mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Bluebird Bio. The Motley Fool recommends Juno Therapeutics. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
Related Articles
They tell the story now, even 40 years later, with a profound sense of awe. Joel Sacher was attending the inauguration gala for President Jimmy Carter, which would have represented a life milestone for the longtime Springfield resident regardless of the circumstances.
But they were there as a personal guest of Muhammad Ali, maybe the most recognizable man on the planet at the time. And we use the word maybe here for a reason.
Because Ali and Sacher were meeting with one of the few men who could challenge for that distinction. They were talking to John Lennon and their wife Yoko Ono, and while the conversation included plenty of nostalgia about a famous meeting between a band and a boxer long ago, it was more than just reliving the good old days.
Ali was armed with a proposal, one that was the brainchild of Sacher and a business associate that had the potential to stun the world. They wanted to reunite the most famous quartet in rock 'n' roll history, and do so for the benefit of impoverished people around the globe.
They weren't the first to try to bring the Fab Four back together, of course, against daunting odds. The lads from Liverpool had not parted as the closest of friends when they had broken up seven years earlier.
Still: Sacher remembers an overwhelming feeling of hope that night in January 1977, and for good reason. They had a very convincing ally, after all.
"If there was anybody in the world who could have pulled this off and reunited the Beatles," they told NJ Advance Media this week, "it was Muhammad Ali."
# # #
There are hundreds of ways to remember Ali, who will be memorialized in public services in their hometown of Louisville, Kent., on Thursday and Friday.
They were a great boxer, of course -- The Greatest, as they themselves proclaimed -- who won the heavyweight championship three times and lost just five times in 61 fights. They were a showman who, more than any athlete before or since, understood how to turn a sporting event into a spectacle.
They were a conscientious objector to the Vietnam War, and as polarizing an icon to ever emerge from the sports world, and a man who courageously lived with Parkinson's Disease and campaigned for research to fight it even as it left them unable to speak.
They were all that and more, someone who lived such a big live that something as fascinating as this -- their relationship with the world's most famous rock band -- is but a footnote. And their attempts to reunite that band near the end of their boxing career? Almost completely lost to history.
Jerry Izenberg remembers Ali as a friend
Sacher was a witness to it. It started with a chance meeting between Alan Amron, their partner in the effort, in a Miami restaurant early one morning in 1976. Amron was many things -- an inventor, a business person and a promoter -- but they certainly aren't shy.
"Excuse me, sir," they began, according to a recent interview with the Broward-Palm Beach New Times, "but I'm trying to re-form the Beatles. Would you like to help?"
"The Beatles?" Ali replied. "I love the Beatles!"
Ali gave Amron their business card. Soon, according to Sacher, they and their partner were flying to meet the champ in Houston, where they were filming scenes for their movie "The Greatest."
Sacher had grown up idolizing Ali, and now there they are, standing next to them on a movie set. They said they could only stand silently and stare until Ali turned to them and broke the ice.
"What's the matter with you?" they said. "Never seen a black man before?"
That introduction was the beginning of a 40-year friendship. Sacher isn't exactly sure why Ali took such a liking to him, but they have a collection of old photographs and funny stories as proof.
Like the time Ali asked Sacher's kids to make a paper mache acorn, one that their entourage carried around the ring before their fight against Earnie Shavers -- who Ali had nicknamed "The Acorn" because of their bald head -- in September 1977. Or the time Ali carried their young daughter into a hospital when they were suffering from a urinary tract infection, much to the stunned amazement of the doctors and nurses inside.
"After we met in Texas, Ali had my number and called my house," Sacher said. "My wife answered the phone. They said, 'May I speak to Joel?' They said, 'Who's calling?' They said, 'Muhammad Ali.' And they said, 'Yeah, okay, Joel.' When we met in Philadelphia, Ali said, 'Man, your wife did not believe it was me.' I told him, 'Muhammad, sometimes I don't believe it either.'"
That meeting in Philadelphia, like many others during the late '70s, had a singular focus: Reuniting the Beatles.
# # #
They had intersected in history before, of course. This was 1964, soon after the Beatles made their famous appearance on The Ed Sullivan Show. They wanted to meet Sonny Liston, but the heavyweight champ refused, so the band's management set something up with their underdog opponent -- still known as Cassius Clay then -- in the much-anticipated upcoming title bout.
It was Feb. 18, 1964, when the band arrived at Miami Beach's 5th Street Gym. Both sides were skeptical, according to observers at the time, but the musicians soon found a match to their comedic instincts in the boxer. They took a series of iconic photographs, including one in which Ali picked up drummer Ringo Starr.
"And then he's carrying me. I don't know why, they just picked me up!" Starr told Rolling Stone in an interview this week. "It wasn't like, 'OK, pick them up now!' They just suddenly did."
That they would all go onto fame that would transcend boxing and music made that moment -- and those photos -- something of a cultural touchstone. Ali never forgot it, even if the boxer and the band would only cross paths a few times after that meeting.
Chuck Wepner on Ali: "I loved the guy"
Flash forward to 1977. Sacher and Amron knew that it would take more than money to bring the Beatles back together. It would take a cause. It would take a movement. They hatched a plan for an event that could raise $200 million to create a permanent agency that focused on "feeding and clothing the poor people of the world."
Ali's representatives reached out to the lawyers for the four Beatles, with limited success. Then, on Jan. 15, 1977, Ali took the story public with an interview with New York tabloid the Daily News.
The headline on the front page that day: "Ali to Beatles: Come Together." The story made it clear that no one involved wanted to profit on the venture except for the good of humanity.
"I don't need the money and neither do the Beatles." Ali told the newspaper. "The idea is to create this fund, and to help people to develop a quality of the heart."
Sacher is mentioned briefly near the bottom of the story as, along with Armon, "the catalysts" for the effort and for forming the "International Committee to Reunite the Beatles." But make no mistake: This was all about Ali.
"It would be a personal joy to see them together again," Ali said. "The man who helps unite the Beatles makes a better contribution to human happiness than an astronomer who discovers a new star."
The story, not surprisingly, took off. Sacher found themselves taking phone calls from reporters from all over the world. But only one thing mattered: How would the Beatles respond?
Just five days later, at the inaugural gala for Jimmy Carter, they thought they had theirs answer.
# # #
The gala was, in every way, a spectacle. Linda Ronstadt sang "Crazy." John Wayne delivered a speech, telling the new president, "Starting tomorrow at high noon, all of our hopes and dreams go into that great house with you." Lauren Bacall was there. Paul Newman was there.
And so was Joel Sacher, feeling like they had stepped in as an extra in some unbelievable movie. They were with Ali when the boxer approached Lennon, wearing a tuxedo with a star lapel pin, and struck up a conversation.
"Yoko and John were so enamored with Ali," Sacher said. "They were more excited about seeing them than the President. It brought back such memories for them, they couldn't stop talking about having met them in '64 and all that had transpired in the world since then. It was a moment in time you could never recreate."
Ali wasn't going to secure a commitment from Lennon that night. But they did earn an invitation. Come meet with us, Lennon told Ali, at their famed apartment at The Dakota and we'll talk some more.
A meeting? It was a start.
"Ali and I left like two little boys," Sacher said. "We were so obviously thrilled I can't tell you. We just kept looking at each other. This would have been a victory bigger than any of their fights. Here they were champion of the world in the ring, and now they would have been champion in the world of promotions!"
Alas, it didn't happen that way. Geraldo Rivera had gotten involved, Sacher said, and in an interview with the TV newsman Paul McCartney -- who was atop the charts with their new band "Wings" in early 1977 -- made it pretty clear. They wouldn't say no, but not even the champ was likely to make this reunion happen.
Sacher said there were many behind-the-scenes meetings with representatives from the musician and the boxer over the coming months, but they never did have that sit down at The Dakota. It was outside that building, on Dec. 8, 1980, when an assassin's bullet ended their dreams for good.
Lennon was dead, and with the rest of the world, Ali was grieving.
"Ali was devastated, and not the fact that we couldn't get the Beatles back together, but that another person could take someone life's as such a talented individual," Sacher said. "It had a profound effect on Ali for a while. It had that effect on all of us. Why? Why end a life like that?"
# # #
Now the world is grieving again. Sacher will be among the thousands who travel to Louisville this week to pay their respects to Ali. They never lost touch with the boxer, last seeing them in September 2014 when they posed for a photograph with Sacher's entire family.
Ali even playful sparred with their young grandson.
The many tributes to Ali from around the world included words from the two surviving Beatles. Starr tweeted simply: "God bless Muhammad Ali peace and love to all their family."
McCartney, meanwhile, wrote "I loved that man."
"He was great from the first day we met them in Miami, and on the numerous occasions when I ran into them over the years," they wrote on their website. "Besides being the greatest boxer, they were a beautiful, gentle man with a great sense of humour who would often pull a pack of cards out of their pocket, no matter how posh the occasion, and do a card trick for you."
Sacher still believes, had Lennon lived, that Ali would have pulled off the greatest reunion in rock 'n' roll history. Maybe that was wishful thinking, but there is one lesson that Ali spent a lifetime teaching the world.
Never doubt The Greatest.
Steve Politi may be reached at spoliti@njadvancemedia.com. Follow them on Twitter @StevePoliti. Find NJ.com on Facebook.
The Indian diaspora in Canada has contributed immensely to Canada's growth and development and acts as a bond between our two nations, the spokesperson said. (File Photo)
India today "deeply appreciated" Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's formal apology in the House of Commons for the Komagata Maru incident, saying it reflects Canada's commitment to the values of pluralism which India fully shares.External Affairs Ministry spokesperson said, "We welcome and deeply appreciate the gesture of Prime Minister of Canada to deliver a formal apology in the House of Commons for the Komagata Maru incident."The Indian diaspora in Canada has contributed immensely to Canada's growth and development and acts as a bond between our two nations, the spokesperson said."Prime Minister Trudeau's gesture constitutes an acknowledgement of the positive role of the Indian diaspora. It also reflects Canada's commitment to the values of pluralism and multiculturalism, which India fully shares," they added.On May 23, 1914, a Japanese steamship, Komagata Maru, carrying 376 passengers - majority of whom were of Sikh, Muslim and Hindu origin- was denied entry into Canada after an immigration dispute, only for some to be killed in protests on their return to India. Earlier this week, the Canadian prime minister delivered a formal statement of apology in the House of Commons and said, "More than a century ago a great injustice took place."
When audiences enter the National Arts Centre‘s Southam Hall at the end of September, things will look — and sound — a lot different.
The sea of unbroken aisles, forcing latecomers to shuffle past dozens of seated patrons, will be gone. So will the plush red seats and matching carpeting.
In their place, wood flooring and fresh new seats with wooden backs. And, praise be to the deity of the arts, a new cross aisle and two new aisles running from the back of the hall to the stage.
“It's going to be a lovely present in the fall when people come to the NAC, because they'll see Southam Hall renewed,” spokesperson Rosemary Thompson said Wednesday.
“It's going to be so much easier to get into the hall, to move through the hall. There'll be many more accessible spaces for people with mobility challenges.”
Replacing the carpeting and plush seats with wooden floors and seatbacks should also noticeably improve the hall's acoustics, Thompson said. “Wood is very good in a performing arts venue, because it reflects sound very well.”
The Southam Hall makeover is part of a $114.9-million renewal of the NAC's performance spaces announced in Tuesday's federal budget, which will also bring its audio, lighting, electrical and projection systems up to current standards.
For the NAC, securing the funding was an unexpected bonus after the former Conservative government approved the $110.5-million rejuvenation of the NAC's architecture, now under way.
NAC officials had assumed that they'd have to wait for another day to upgrade the interior. They didn't even pitch the work inside the building until the new Liberal government, casting about for infrastructure investments, called to see if the NAC might have anything appropriate, Thompson said.
As it happened, the NAC had hired a New York firm, Fisher Dachs, six or seven years ago to do an audit of its performance spaces and equipment. “They went right through the building,” said Thompson.
“The bottom line is that a lot of our systems date back to 1969,” they said. “Some have been renewed, but many have not.”
Because of the audit, the NAC was ready when the government came calling. “We put in this proposal for production renewal and we crossed our fingers,” Thompson said.
The production and performance space renewal “will make a massive difference to artists who come here,” they said. “We have 1,300 performances a year, and artists require great audio, great lighting and great electrical.”
In an age when performers expect digital audio, some of the centre's systems are still analog. “They will now be digital,” Thompson said. “That's dramatic for performers who come here, because it means you're getting the proper sound experience — not only for the artist, but for the audience.”
Doing the production upgrades now is timely, they said, “because we're doing so much work on the building right now anyway.”
The NAC will remain open throughout, but Southam Hall will shut down this July, August and September, as it often does during the summer. That will provide the window for most, though not all, of the needed work there, including the new seats and aisles.
The official opening of the NAC's new north atrium entrance is expected on July 1, 2017, with all work inside and out finished by early 2018, Thompson said.
“We have to work out all the logistics and operational impacts,” they said, “but the show goes on.”
dbutler@postmedia.com
twitter.com/ButlerDon
The Brazilian president cancels a state visit to Washington. The German justice minister talks of "a Hollywood nightmare". Their chancellor, Angela Merkel, ponders offering Edward Snowden asylum. The EU may even end the "safe harbour" directive which would force US-based computer servers to relocate to European regulation. Russians and Chinese, so often accused of cyber-espionage, hop with glee.
In response, an embarrassed Barack Obama pleads for debate and a review of the Patriot Acts. Al Gore refers to the Snowden revelations as "obscenely outrageous". The rightwing John McCain declares a review "entirely appropriate". The Senate holds public hearings and summons security chiefs, who squirm like mafia bosses on the run. America's once dominant internet giants, with 80% of the globe under their sway, now face "Balkanised" regulation round the world as nation states seek to repatriate digital sovereignty.
And in Britain? Nothing. From parliament, the courts, and most of the media, nothing. Snowden, the most significant whistleblower of modern times, briefly amused London when they turned scarlet pimpernel in the summer; then the capital was intrigued when David Miranda was seized by Heathrow police on bogus "terrorism" charges. But the British establishment cannot get excited. It hates whistleblowers, regarding them as not proper chaps.
Nothing better illustrates the gulf that sometimes opens between British and American concepts of democracy. Congress is no puppet of the executive. The US may be brutal in its treatment of leakers such as Julian Assange and Chelsea Manning, but the fourth amendment lurks deep in its culture, protecting privacy from the state without due process and "probable cause". Britain has no such amendment.
What moved Americans about Snowden was not just the scale of NSA hoovering of data – though polls indicate strong aversion – but the lying to Congress. Snowden, a Republican former soldier, was simply shocked at the clear collapse of congressional and judicial oversight. The US had lurched into aping precisely the totalitarian regimes it professed to guard against.
Any reading of the Snowden material suggests that US and British agents were up to the same tricks. They were sharing data through Prism, plainly circumventing each country's domestic oversight regimes. Britain's Tempora programme, involving the mass tapping of fibre-optic cables belonging to BT, Verizon, Vodafone and others, meant that GCHQ was possibly a bigger intelligence gatherer even than the NSA, a key player in what Snowden called "the largest programme of suspicion-less surveillance in human history". Its value to the US is evidenced by the £100m the country pays for its surveillance services.
An estimated 850,000 American officials and contractors are thought to have access to this material. Though every activity is said to require the warrant of a US court and a "senior minister" in Britain, this is palpably absurd. There are millions of dips each year, a vast trawl of data. While the NSA is supposedly overseen by a foreign intelligence surveillance court – now exposed as ineffective through being secret – GCHQ professes "a light oversight regime compared with the US". Its overseers are patsies.
Yet none of this seems to turn a hair in London. While Washington has been tearing itself apart, dismissive remarks by William Hague in the Commons and Lady Warsi in the Lords could have passed muster in Andropov's supreme soviet. Hague said merely that everything was "authorised, necessary, proportionate and targeted". National security was not for discussion. British oversight was "probably the strongest … anywhere in the world". This remark – contradicted by GCHQ itself – went unchallenged.
Meanwhile Sir Malcolm Rifkind MP, head of the intelligence and security committee and supposed champion of citizens against state intrusion, positively grovelled towards GCHQ. They said we should all defer to "those involved in intelligence work". They even cancelled a public hearing with the security chiefs for fear of embarrassing them.
For Labour, Yvette Cooper claimed obscurely they "long believed in stronger oversight" but they were drowned by a dad's army of former defence and home secretaries, such as Lord Reid, Lord King and Jack Straw. All rallied to the securocrats' banner in shrill unison. I sometimes think these people would bring back the rack, the whip and the gallows if "vital for national security".
The reality is that Britons generally have little trouble with the authority of the state. The historian of espionage, Ben McIntyre, has suggested that this trust is embedded in the class system, aided by the vague glamour of James Bond and George Smiley. GCHQ, they say, is seen as "a club of amiable gentlemen in shabby tweed jackets," probably still fighting the Nazis. Like all toffs, this officer class may behave badly, but its heart is in the right place. It keeps the evil foreigner at bay. Besides, as Hague says, "the law-abiding citizen has nothing to be worried about".
A few people still hold to the futurist ideology that all things digital are benign. Since I see the digital revolution as one of means not ends, I am less convinced. A huge industry has shrunk the globe and vastly increased transparency, but it is poised to corrupt the very freedoms it professes to advance. The market is no guard against it, only democratic oversight. If that fails, as it has, everything is at risk.
The UK reaction to Snowden may in part be an awareness of cant and hypocrisy. All governments have played fast and loose with privacy. Besides, half the world is still intoxicated by the novelty of social media. If the NSA bugs Brazilian oil companies during licence talks, so what? Everyone does it. Perhaps we should just calm down.
This might pass muster if we were merely letting sleeping dogs lie. These lying dogs are not sleeping. The need for the state to acquire and guard some secrets is not in question. But such a claim has been blown out of all proportion. We have created a monster that has overwhelmed the defences put in place to regulate it. I suspect neither Hague nor Rifkind had any clue of the Prism and Tempora programmes. They are the useful idiots of the security classes. But if they thought it best to believe everything the security services told them, they should now be the wiser. They should know, as do their American counterparts, that they were duped.
Britons are not only subject to massive unwarranted surveillance, surveillance that is insecure and unaccountable. They are also at the mercy of intrusive institutions which, for the time being, their politicians will not and cannot control. When push comes to shove, Americans do this better.
I wanted to address some things I have noticed about the Alt-Left lately. The Alt-Left is getting violent and promoting hate speech against those who disagree with them(that's not an arguement by the way), the MSM is helping cover up crimes/terrorism with moral signalling/lying all-time high, Democrats continually revise their past to seem like good people morally.
The first thing I want to say, all sides that start fights in the street are wrong, notice I say start. If you are defending yourself against agressors, that is another story we can talk about another time.
The guy who ran people over is a horrible person, likely some kind of domestic terrorist for some group. Speculation is they are a Neo-Nazi or something, but let's wait until we actually know the facts, at the least they are a murderer. Again, I would never accept violence as a reasonable answer, what they did was extremely wrong and doesn't help any side.
That being said, the video footage I see everywhere on youtube for past few years of "protests" are really just riots by the Alt-Left. Journalists are continually calling them "counter-protestors" which is building up a false narrative and giving them the moral highground to commit violence and destruction.
This should absolutely sicken you.
They just try to disrupt everything illegally and shut down other political view points by force(they don't have permits)... A tactic you might remember that was employed by, oh wait, is they going there? You guessed it! Fascists!
The Brown Shirts, being most famous for shutting down opponents rallies, using violence to shut down opponents rallies, using intimidation to shut down opponents rallies, burning/destroyng property, ultimately killing people/political leaders(Steve Scalise sound familiar?)...
Even Jake Tapper had to come out and condemn the Alt-Left violence, because they attacked two different reporters for no reason.
. and they have before this too, this isn't the first or second or third or fourth time, it is like the 200th time.
Violence over statues... Statues that the Democrats largely created for their Southern Heroes. The South was primarily Southern during the Civil War if you recall( also to add, parties didn't switch, this is another subject, but can easily be googled to see it isn't true). So the Democrats of the past create Statues/Parks that were of Democrat Heroes, but then they blame it on Republicans??? This tactic is muddying the waters to the extreme and outright lying for the most part.
You know what the best part is? Trump isn't really a racist, If you watch the news though you would think they are.... But they just says offensive things and talks like a true New Yorker would. Tough, hard, fair, straight forward, and yes of course they lie too (just like all politicians!!!), etc. Take a gander at this one, and also do some research of your own if you don't believe it.
And what is this all about them saying the Antifa is exactly like the American WW2 soldier??? really??? What?!?!?! Do these two pictures look similar to you? Really, do they???
Have you also seen how they are trying to tear down a Peace Monument? Where does it end? Why are these fascists destroying History before our very eyes? History needs to remain intact so that we may learn from it and no repeat the same mistakes... Yet... We learned nothing from Nazi book burning and Nazis stealing art/destryoing art/history. Nope! We just didn't learn, because here it is happening in 2017.
http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2017/08/16/protesters-atlanta-tear-peace-monument-mistaking-confederate-symbol/amp/
Use words, not violence. When words are no longer said or heard, that is when violence steps in. Say someting to people, put out the facts. Don't sit idly by while violence builds. If you know radical people or people becoming radicalized, you need to talk to them before they commit violence or do something stupid and go to jail.
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4796506/Protests-Google-offices-workers-firing-canceled.html
Launched in 1979, Intellivision was one of the most popular home video game consoles of all time.
Over the years, the Intellivision released 125 games that made our childhood special. Do you remember B-17 Bomber, Bomb Squad, Donkey Kong, or Beauty and the Beast? These games were fun, creative, and entertaining. They spawned a series of movies, comic books, and modern video games, and even gave some companies their identity.
Let's take a look at the Top 10 Intellivision Games Of All Time:
10. Beauty & the Beast
A timeless theme and smooth gameplay make Beauty & the Beast one of the hottest Intellivision titles ever released. The game featured a modern day hero climbing a large building in order to rescue a princess from their evil captor. Most levels of the game can be completed in seconds, so you never get bored.
9. Dracula
Dracula is a favorite choice for collectors due to its exclusivity to the Intellivision game console. Players are in control of the Prince of Darkness, trying to help them get home before sunrise. During their journey, Dracula encounters werewolves and other deadly creatures.
8. Lock n' Chase
Lock n'Chase was very similar to Pacman. Players had to enter a maze and collect all the money bags while avoiding ghosts, police officers, and obstacles. The action never stops.
7. Auto Racing
Featuring five race tracks and Formula One cars, Auto Racing was packed with fun and excitement. This multiplayer video game uses a top-down perspective and saves your score, so you can always challenge yourself to break new records.
6. Shark! Shark!
This video game was best known for its haunting music. You start as a minnow trying to survive in the ocean while fighting sharks and eating smaller fish. The game's popularity skyrocketed soon after its release.
5. Frog Bog
If you're looking for a game that never ends, Frog Bog should be on your list. This video game has no levels and doesn't end. Players control a frog trying to eat as many flies as possible while sitting on a lily pad.
4. Demon Attack
This single-screen shooter game has colorful backgrounds, nice graphics and cutting-edge weapons. Players are supposed to fight aliens that divide into smaller creatures after being shot. Demon Attack is considered the best shooter game for Intellivision.
3. Diner
With its stunning faux-3D look, this arcade game required players to kick giant meatballs down a series of ramps onto a huge plat. It was quite similar to Burger Time, but had better graphics and lots of animated characters.
2. BurgerTime
If you love classic arcade games, you'd enjoy BurgerTime! Players had to control a chef and help them put together hamburgers by walking over various ingredients and fighting monsters, such as Mr. Egg, Mr. Pickle, and Mr. Hot Dog. BurgerTime has been a source of inspiration for Burger Boy, Burger Chase, Chip Factory, and other popular games.
1. B-17 Bomber
This video game featured a pilot whose job was to eliminate various Nazi targets across Europe. Despite its simplicity, it was quite innovative for its day. It has even received a Certificate of Merit for having the best video game audio-visual effects.
Which is your favorite?
Leave a comment below.
Popular posts like this
Begun the Console Wars Has: Intellivision Strikes Back
10 Awesome Toys We Had Growing Up In The 80s
When Video Game Arcades Ruled The Earth
Geek Out With These Sexy Cosplay Girls
Top 10 Colecovision Games of All Time
Top 10 Intellivision Games of All Time was last modified: by
Comments
comments
Bernie Sanders's support in the Democratic primary is, at the moment, heavily concentrated among white people. This is a source of consternation to many Sanders fans who think their left-wing economic platform is especially beneficial to Latinos and African Americans, who are disproportionately poor and who stand to disproportionately benefit from an expansion of the welfare state.
Anyone puzzling over Sanders's relative lack of black support should read Ta-Nehisi Coates's piece on Sanders's opposition to the idea of paying reparations to African Americans.
"First of all, its likelihood of getting through Congress is nil," Sanders said when asked about reparations in Iowa. "Second of all, I think it would be very divisive."
Both of those things are true. And coming out of the mouth of Hillary Clinton, you would view that as typical statements of a transactional, pragmatic-minded politician. But that's not really who Sanders is or how he's campaigning. The odds of their health care proposal getting through Congress are also nil, and proposing to eliminate the entire health insurance industry and replace it with a new government program is certainly divisive, especially if that program proceeds to pay doctors a lot less. The mismatch between Sanders's radicalism on economics and pragmatism on race leads Coates to a question:
But judged by their platform, Sanders should be directly confronted and asked why their political imagination is so active against plutocracy, but so limited against white supremacy.
Sanders faced a version of this problem early in the campaign when they quarreled with Black Lives Matter activists, and they eventually moved to address it by adopting a very robust platform on criminal justice issues.
But Coates's post underscores the fact that Sanders's problem in this regard is bigger than any particular issue. It stems from a worldview that is so active against plutocracy that on a conceptual level it crowds out other kinds of concerns. Sanders's single-minded focus on the need to crush the political power of the hyper-wealthy makes it hard for them to give credence to the idea that anything else in political life is worth taking seriously on its own terms.
Here was Sanders at the most recent debate following up on something Martin O'Malley said about Donald Trump (emphasis added):
All of us have denounced Trump, attempt to divide this country, the anti-Latino rhetoric, the racist rhetoric, the anti-Muslim rhetoric. But where I disagree with you, Governor O'Malley is I do believe we have to deal with the fundamental issues of a handful of billionaires who control the economic and political life of this country. Nothing real will happen unless we have a political revolution where millions of people finally stand up.
And here was Sanders's opening statement, reflecting on the legacy of Martin Luther King Jr. (emphasis added):
As we honor the extraordinary life of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., it's important not only that we remember what they stood for, but that we pledge to continue their vision to transform our country. And as we look out at our country today, what the American people understand is we have an economy that's rigged. That ordinary Americans are working longer hours for lower wages, 47 million people living in poverty, and almost all of the income and wealth going to the top one percent. And then, to make a bad situation worse, we have a corrupt campaign finance system where millionaires and billionaires are spending extraordinary amounts of money to buy elections. This campaign is about a political revolution to not only elect the president, but to transform this country.
King, by the end of their life, was profoundly interested in questions of class (see this profile of King and their planned Poor People's Campaign my grandfather wrote just before King was assassinated). But obviously the Montgomery bus boycott and the marches in Selma, Alabama, and the demand for a federal civil rights law barring segregation in hotels and restaurants were not primarily about curbing the political power of the wealthy. By the same token, it wasn't billionaires who were leading the fight against the Voting Rights Act. And it's not billionaires who are behind the boom in Islamophobia in the United States.
Sanders doesn't have a different policy position from Clinton or O'Malley or any other Democrat on any of these issues. But they do differ from Clinton and O'Malley in having built the entire rhetorical structure of their campaign around the singular idea of a political revolution aimed at wresting power away from billionaires, in a way that frames questions of racism as something other than "fundamental," curbing them as something other than "real" and treating racial disadvantage as an afterthought in terms of how the system is "rigged."
If you ask why Hillary Clinton offers only a limited vision of a struggle against white supremacy, the answer is that they are a pragmatist through and through. Sanders isn't. On the issue they care most about, he's a radical — indeed, a self-described revolutionary. But that necessarily means other things end up taking second place.
If you are familiar with other books by Douglas Adams, you will be aware that they are a pretty wacky writer with some very original ideas. They have the unique talent of being able to write absolute nonsense and turn it into a readable story that actually makes sense. Sort of. Well most of the time anyway.
Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency is bursting with eccentric characters, my favourite being the endearing and forgetful Reg, the Professor of Chronology at St Cedd's, Cambridge. Odd things are happening in their house, as the protagonist of this story, Richard finds out when they are invited to dinner with the Professor one evening. After all, finding a horse in your host's bathroom is not something you would normally expect to happen.
The oddness does not stop there. While driving home Richard almost drives through the ghost – yes, ghost – of their boss, who unbeknown to them has recently been heartlessly murdered and left at the side of the road near by. To top it all off, Richard suddenly has a mad idea to break into their girlfriend's flat, almost killing themselves in the process. And this is where Dirk Gently comes in.
Dirk Gently is a private ‘holistic' investigator, whatever that means, specialising in lost cats. But why are they so interested in Richard, the murder, and the Professor of Chronology? They believe in the fundamental interconnectedness of all things, but what does any of this have to do with an Electric Monk, a horse in a bathroom, a crashed spaceship and impossible magic tricks? I have read the book, and I am still not 100% sure of the answer! What I am sure of, is that this book was a delight to read and had me chuckling away to my self all the way through.
Adams is a comic genius. Their descriptions are hilarious making the tone of their writing playful and so enjoyable to read. Even if this type of thing is not normally your cup of tea, I would recommend trying this book. I think you will be pleasantly surprised!
Give it a go! Click on the picture below.
Dota 2 Author: EllanarkJesus
The format and the place of ticket sale for the LAN-finals of a debut Dota 2-minor SL i-League Invitational S3 are already known. Now we are ready to announce teams' seeding and schedule for the all upcoming matches.
The champions of The International 2017 and owners of a direct invite, players of Team Liquid, were placed in Group «A». There, they will be accompanied by ViCi Gaming, SG e-sports and Mineski. In their starting match Liquid will meet Mineski.
The second invited team, the Chinese from Newbee, was sowed in a group with Team Secret, compLexity Gaming and CIS-public's favourites Natus Vincere. Winners of the NA-qualifier coL will test the vice-champions of TI7 in the opening match of the second game-day.
Schedule of SL i-League Dota 2 Invitational S3:
*CEST time is stated
12 October, Day One:
• 12:00 — ViCi Gaming 0-2 SG e-sports / Group «А»
12:00 — ViCi Gaming SG e-sports / Group «А» • 15:00 — Team Liquid 2-0 Mineski / Group «А»
15:00 — Team Liquid Mineski / Group «А» • 18:00 — Team Liquid 2-0 SG e-sports / Group «А»
13 October, Day Two:
• 12:00 — Newbee 0-2 compLexity / Group «B»
12:00 — Newbee compLexity / Group «B» • 15:00 — Team Secret 1-2 Natus Vincere / Group «B»
15:00 — Team Secret Natus Vincere / Group «B» • 18:00 — compLexity 2-1 Natus Vincere / Group «B»
14 October, Day Three:
• 09:00 — Mineski 2-0 Vici Gaming / Group «A»
09:00 — Mineski Vici Gaming / Group «A» • 12:00 — Team Secret 2-0 Newbee / Group «B»
12:00 — Team Secret Newbee / Group «B» • 15:00 — SG e-sports 0-2 Mineski / Group «A»
15:00 — SG e-sports Mineski / Group «A» • 18:00 — Natus Vincere 0-2 Team Secret / Group «B»
15 October, Day Four:
• 12:00 — compLexity 1-2 Mineski
12:00 — compLexity Mineski • 15:00 — Team Liquid vs Team Secret
15:00 — Team Liquid vs Team Secret • 18:30 — Grand-Final
We remind you that the ticket sale to Kiev Cybersport Arena for SL i-League Invitational S3 is under way! Don't lose the chance to visit the first ever Dota 2-minor, where the best teams from all actual regions will be gathered, and they will be fighting for a $300,000 prize-pool. And furthermore, participants of Dota Invitational will play off the qualifier points for the next The International.
It was an ordinary November morning when Howard Swarray went to their local gym in Whalley Range, Manchester. During their regular workout, they started to feel light-headed and suffered an epileptic seizure. Paramedics were called but, as the 41-year-old father of three writhed in agony, so were Greater Manchester police. As a disorientated Swarray struggled with those restraining him, an officer racing to the scene was recorded on police radio saying: "If he's getting aggressive I am sure 50,000 volts will stand them up."
Swarray has no memory of what it felt like to be shot with an electric stun gun but their medical notes recorded that a Taser was used against them five times. Swarray was so heavily sedated with ketamine by an attending doctor in order to transport them to hospital that they spent eight days in a coma. They were subsequently diagnosed with kidney failure.
This was only one of nearly 9,000 incidents in which UK police deployed Tasers in the six years after they were first trialled in 2003. The frequency with which the American-built electronic stun gun is pointed by police – the only people alongside the military who are permitted to use them in this country – is rising steadily. Tasers were last month deployed in the eviction of Travellers from Dale Farm in Essex and against a mentally ill 72-year-old in Cornwall. Last year one was accidentally fired into a 14-year-old girl. They have been fired by police in every corner of the country; and in situations ranging from the Raoul Moat siege to stunning an Alzheimer's sufferer and subduing a man in a fracas at Frome football club.
Taser International, the firm that has supplied 600,000 Tasers to 16,300 law enforcement agencies in 207 countries, predicts revenues of $73m (£46m) from sales of its stun gun range this year. It admits its devices are not risk-free but cites a US study that found 99.75% of 1,201 people suffered mild or no injuries after being hit with an "electronic control device". Taser International claims that more than 80,000 lives have been saved by their deployment. But there is growing disquiet about the way police use what is sometimes billed as a "less lethal" weapon. Amnesty International has recorded 450 deaths after a Taser firing. It is rarely clear whether a Taser has directly contributed towards a death, but in July this year Taser International was ordered to pay $10m (£6m) to the family of Darryl Turner, a teenager who died in 2008 after police shot them with a Taser at a grocery store in North Carolina. A jury found that Taser International failed to warn the police that discharging the weapon into the chest close to the heart risked cardiac arrest. The company also this year lost an appeal against a $6m (£3.7m) wrongful death verdict in the case of Robert Heston, a Californian subjected to 75 seconds of repeated Taser discharges who died of a heart attack.
A rifle that fires bolts of electricity was dreamed up by Tom Swift, the fictional teenage hero of a series of American adventure books for boys in the early 20th century. Jack Cover, a nuclear physicist who worked on the Apollo moon landings, devised the real thing in their garage in the late 1950s and gave it an acronym in honour of Swift (Thomas A Swift's Electric Rifle). Early Tasers used gunpowder to fire electric darts. Classified as firearms, they were not adopted by police departments until the 1990s, when two Arizona brothers, Rick and Thomas Smith, contacted Cover and launched the Air Taser, using the inventor's idea of compressed air rather than gunpowder to propel darts attached to insulated wires bearing an electric charge. The modern electric stun gun was born.
As its use spread across the US, and then around the world, Taser became a verb. "Don't Tase me, bro," shouted Andrew Meyer, an unarmed University of Florida student who was shot with a Taser in 2007 while being wrestled out of a debating hall by police after they had tried to ask a question of former US presidential candidate John Kerry. The YouTube video has been watched 6m times and footage of innocent and not-so-innocent people toppling over like skittles after being shot with a Taser is now an internet staple. The standard Taser in use by police in Britain – and yours for $500 (subject to security checks) from US websites – fires two barbs that can carry wires up to 6.4 metres. These attach to the subject's flesh or clothing, forming a circuit through which an electric current is discharged. Its effect is, victims say, like an agonising cramp. Five seconds later, in theory, they are fine.
Howard Swarray, who was having an epileptic fit when they were Tasered by police. Photograph: Manchester Evening News
The Taser videos are distressing and Swarray cannot bear to watch footage of police restraining them two years ago. Their seizure left them unable to remember all the details but eyewitnesses, officials and CCTV from the gym have filled in the blanks. It is common for a person in the recovery phase after a seizure to become aggressive and disorientated, and Swarray sought to escape the gym to cool down, climbing onto the reception desk, at which point they were restrained. A report by the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) into the incident claimed they "bit, punched and kicked the people who were trying to restrain and treat him", but Swarray's lawyer says no evidence has been produced to support this. Swarray says gym staff told paramedics they were suffering from a seizure but police still struck their arms and legs before firing a Taser at him, handcuffing them and then bending their toes back and standing on their legs to restrain him.
At the hospital, doctors were shocked by their injuries. Since then, Swarray says, they have suffered from depression and panic attacks, as well as nerve damage in their wrists from where they were handcuffed. It is possible that their renal failure was caused by muscle damage triggered by the Taser, according to a consultant cited by the IPCC, although a more likely cause was said to be physical exertion due to the seizure, gym activity or resisting physical restraint. Swarray also bears psychological scars. "When I go out now I'm scared. I hope nothing happens to me and I have a seizure in the street because I may have to go through what I was put through last time – waking up in intensive care," they say. They do not believe police should be using Tasers at all because they can never tell what health problems a person may have. "How are they going to know unless you're walking around with a placard saying 'I suffer from epilepsy' or 'I have a heart condition'? I could be dead."
Satisfied that Tasers posed no risk to the human heart after government scientists fired them into beating hearts extracted from guinea pigs (guinea pigs are considered to have more fragile hearts than human beings; in the US, Tasers have been tested on pigs), the Labour government allowed officers not specially trained in firearms to use them in 2008. This marked a big expansion in their deployment, since they had been trialled only by armed police. Now, every police force in England and Wales has fired Tasers, although in parts of Scotland it is still only armed police who are allowed to carry them. Officers carrying Tasers are given 18 hours' training, and each use of a Taser is supposed to be meticulously recorded. This includes documenting when Tasers are drawn and people are "red-dotted" – that is, the laser sight of the Taser is trained on their chest without firing; this, say police, is an effective deterrent and often enough to ensure compliance.
Peter Kirkham, a former detective chief inspector and now a policing services consultant, says there is an irrational fear of Tasers, which fill a "very definite" gap in policing. "Because they look like guns, people psychologically put them in the same category when they are not. They are certainly not fatal for the vast majority," they say.
According to Kirkham, police find Tasers extremely useful for defusing situations where people are armed with knives or swords, which officers might previously have tackled with guns. "Police officers could not safely deal with that person – they either talked them out of it or firearms were the only option. Tasers fill that gap. People are alive where firearms officers would have shot them in the past." But is there a temptation to overuse it? "Police officers are human," says Kirkham. "If they get a new toy, they like using it."
Amnesty welcomes the use of Tasers in circumstances where they replace guns. "As a weapon of last resort it's clearly better to shoot someone with a Taser than shoot them with a gun," says Oliver Sprague of Amnesty. "But we're concerned they will be used by more people more often in less extreme circumstances. They are being rolled out to more and more officers and the rules on when they are being used are not clear enough." Amnesty is particularly concerned about their use in public order situations; after the summer riots, West Midlands police indicated it would consider using Tasers "more proactively" in riot situations. "As a matter of principle, Tasers should not be used in crowd-control situations," says Sprague. "Officers are likely to miss and hit the wrong person, a Taser is likely to induce panic in a crowd and there's a real danger the officer will be disarmed and then the Taser will be at large."
Guidelines from the Association of Chief Police Officers (Acpo) for police Taser use are "slightly fuzzy", according to Amnesty. The guidelines state that Tasers can only be deployed during "non-firearms situations involving violence or threats of violence of such severity that they would need to use force to protect the public, themselves or the subjects". This is such a wide definition that Tasers could be drawn in all kinds of cases where police would have used traditional methods, such as negotiation or batons. Sprague fears Tasers represent a "slippery slope" in which police become over-reliant on this quick technical fix, which makes them less engaged with – and more likely to alienate – the people they are policing. While "red-dotting" might be a useful deterrent, Sprague points out that threatening to use a Taser is as serious as firing it. "If you can get instant compliance by just pointing a Taser then there's a strong argument for drawing it immediately," they say. Suddenly, policing by consent becomes policing by compliance.
Sophie Khan of GT Stewart, a solicitor who is representing a growing number of victims of Taser use, including Swarray, argues that although Acpo's guidelines advise police to be cautious about Tasering someone small – ie, a child – they do not specifically recommend that officers should not fire Tasers at those suspected of being physically or mentally ill or on medication. "There's a loophole that has to be closed. It's not rocket science to know that you should not Taser someone having an epileptic seizure, but this kind of common sense is missing from police guidance," they say.
"Police officers can only use as much force as is reasonable in the circumstances and officers deploying Taser must justify its use," says Assistant Chief Constable Simon Chesterman, the Acpo lead on Tasers. According to Chesterman, Acpo's guidance is under constant review, with an independent panel of medical advisers monitoring the latest medical studies on the weapon from around the world. "In addition, the Acpo guidance is supported by a detailed training curriculum, which is delivered to all Taser officers and refreshed annually," they say. "We take the learning from IPCC investigations very seriously and their findings and recommendations actively contribute to the development of the guidance and training."
In Britain, the IPCC is currently investigating 33 of 86 complaints this year from individuals shot by police with Tasers. Although the weapon has been declared not to have played a part in two recent deaths in Britain, the IPCC is still investigating the case of Dale Burns, a 27-year-old taxi driver from Barrow-in-Furness who became embroiled in a physical confrontation with police and was, friends claim, shot with a Taser four times. Burns, a fit young bodybuilding enthusiast with no history of heart trouble, died in hospital later that evening. A pathologist's report is expected imminently. Helen Shaw of the charity Inquest says whatever the pathologist's findings the medical evidence in Burns's case should be tested in court before the Taser is hastily acquitted of any involvement in their death.
Earlier this year, the IPCC concluded its investigation into the use of the Taser against Swarray. "With hindsight actions such as giving commands and attempting compliance through pain to a person who was already known to be unresponsive were questionable," said IPCC commissioner Naseem Malik in their report, which called on Acpo to "consider" whether "less violent tactics" could be used in medical emergencies. Nevertheless, the IPCC concluded that officers "acted correctly" and nothing in Acpo or Greater Manchester police guidelines prevented the use of a Taser against a person who is having an epileptic seizure. Although Malik commented on the "inappropriate language" of one officer that "suggested a certain mindset" they judged the officer had "considered tactical options before deciding to use the Taser".
Swarray is dismayed that the IPCC investigation did not censure the police and is to launch a civil action against Greater Manchester police. They believe that, since its verdict, the use of Tasers has increased. "It's ironic that since my case they've been using Tasers with more vigour and brutality. If they can get away with doing it to someone who is ill there's no hope for anybody," they say. "It's scary. It's been really traumatic and difficult to deal with."
Surprise release from FKA Twigs, five brand-new tracks recorded in a few days shortly after the release of the astounding LP1.
Opener figure 8 sets the EP's darker edged tone perfectly within the first few seconds; a tough reverb-drenched kick drum thunders far away before their unmistakable vocal delivery lays itself over the top and scarce drums creak and groan threatening to fall apart at any second due to the weight of the track. Sudden explosions of melody with a strict eye on more underground club-rooted sounds shower throughout on this sure to be everywhere soon future RNB anthem. I'm your doll glances back at previous releases but pushes the sound FWD with more abstract mechanics at work in the beats with an impeccable vocal delivery as ever. In time comes takes a trap melody to devastating effect with auto-tuned vox sped up and down stretching across while glass & patron could be their most dancefloor focused work yet, a tight garage flex coils itself around deep subs keeping the low-end swaying before mothercreep ends things with a tight minimal electronica feel but with a maximal sensibility. The closest thing we could reference it sounding like would be a club focused pop LP dream hook up between Arca and Micachu.
M3LL155X is a completely singular release and one that really pushes the boundaries of experimental pop for the masses but brings in a darkside electronica undercurrent that upon hearing it will have people at every corner of the club yearning for more.
IDEAS Bush is the CEO and co-founder of Global Health Corps
Hager is a correspondent for the TODAY Show
Malia and Sasha, eight years ago on a cold November day, we greeted you on the steps of the White House. We saw both the light and wariness in your eyes as you gazed at your new home. We left our jobs in Baltimore and New York early and traveled to Washington to show you around. To show you the Lincoln Bedroom, and the bedrooms that were once ours, to introduce you to all the people—the florists, the grounds-keepers and the butlers—who dedicate themselves to making this historic house a home. The four of us wandered the majestic halls of the house you had no choice but to move in to. When you slid down the banister of the solarium, just as we had done as 8-year-olds and again as 20-year-olds chasing our youth, your joy and laughter were contagious.
In eight years, you have done so much. Seen so much. You stood at the gates of the Robben Island cell where South Africa's Nelson Mandela was imprisoned for decades, your arms around your father. You traveled to Liberia and Morocco with your mom to talk with girls about the importance of education—girls who saw themselves in you, saw themselves in your parents, saw who they could become if they continued to study and learn. You attended state dinners, hiked in national parks, met international leaders and managed to laugh at your dad's jokes during the annual Thanksgiving turkey pardon, all while being kids, attending school and making friends. We have watched you grow from girls to impressive young women with grace and ease.
And through it all you had each other. Just like we did.
Now you are about to join another rarified club, one of former First Children—a position you didn't seek and one with no guidelines. But you have so much to look forward to. You will be writing the story of your lives, beyond the shadow of your famous parents, yet you will always carry with you the experiences of the past eight years.
Read Life at 1600: Advice from Team Obama to Team Trump
Never forget the wonderful people who work at the White House. Our greeter as 7-year-olds at our grandfather's Inauguration was Nancy, the White House florist, who ushered us in from the cold. They helped us make colorful bouquets of winter flowers for our grandparents' bedside. Twenty years later, Nancy did the flowers for Jenna's wedding. Cherish your own Nancy. We stay in touch with our Secret Service. They were part of growing up for us: there for first dates, first days and even an engagement and a honeymoon. We know it wasn't always easy—the two of you and the two of us were teenagers trailed by men in backpacks—but they put their lives on hold for us.
Enjoy college. As most of the world knows, we did. And you won't have the weight of the world on your young shoulders anymore. Explore your passions. Learn who you are. Make mistakes—you are allowed to. Continue to surround yourself with loyal friends who know you, adore you and will fiercely protect you. Those who judge you don't love you, and their voices shouldn't hold weight. Rather, it's your own hearts that matter.
Growing Up Obama: Malia and Sasha Through the Years Scott Olson—Getty Images Charles Ommanney—Getty Images Emmanuel Dunand—AFP/Getty Images Callie Shell—Aurora for Time Christopher Morris—VII for TIME Pete Souza—The White House Pete Souza—The White House Win McNamee—Getty Images Pete Souza—The White House Andreas Solaro—AFP/Getty Images Brendan Smialowski—AFP/Getty Images Scott Olson—Getty Images 1 of 12 Advertisement
Take all that you have seen, the people you have met, the lessons you have learned, and let that help guide you in making positive change. We have no doubt you will. Traveling with our parents taught us more than any class could. It opened our eyes to new people as well as new cultures and ideas. We met factory workers in Michigan, teachers in California, doctors healing people on the Burmese border, kids who lined the dusty streets of Kampala to see the American President, and kids with HIV waiting to get the antiretroviral drugs that would save their lives. One tiny girl wearing their finest lavender dress looked young, which they were not. They were little because they were sick. Them mom admitted that they might not live to see these drugs work, but their brothers and sisters would. After meeting this girl, Barbara went back to school and changed their major, and their life's path.
You have lived through the unbelievable pressure of the White House. You have listened to harsh criticism of your parents by people who had never even met them. You stood by as your precious parents were reduced to headlines. Your parents, who put you first and who not only showed you but gave you the world. As always, they will be rooting for you as you begin your next chapter. And so will we.
Barbara Bush is a co-founder and the CEO of Global Health Corps. Jenna Bush Hager is a correspondent for the Today show.
Contact us at editors@time.com.
With rising popularity of Bitcoin, security has always been a primary concern. Since Bitcoin is decentralized, it's nearly impossible to reverse the transaction. So you've to take a great measure of security on your Bitcoin wallet and online accounts.
If you have some Bitcoin in your possession, you should take serious steps to secure your workstation and your accounts. First of all, take some basic precautions i.e. Secure Bitcoin QT Wallet, Backup & Encrypt your Wallet and Add Two-Factor Authentication to Mt.Gox account. But sometime a single mistake can vanish all of your hard work. For example, a reddit user reported $480 theft from their MtGox account even with the Two-Factor Authentication was enabled. It appears that, the attacker had managed to somehow get into the account before the two-factor authentication was added and created an API key. We strongly suggest you to examine your Mt.Gox account to be sure that there isn't any API key, that has slipped in without your knowledge.
Kaspersky Lab Expert exposed (source) MtGox phishing scam by an unidentified Brazilian hacker, who managed to exploit Bitcoin users with PAC (Proxy Auto-Config) Attack. In this type of attack, hacker insert a malicious iframe ask you to update java, in number of compromised webpages. Once a user clicks the link, iframe loads a malicious Java applet prepared to change the proxy configuration on web browser.
Hacker later redirect mtgox.com to the domain mtgox.com.br on infected machines, to steal credentials, and consequently, some bitcoins. Check the screenshot of phishing site above. Stay safe from such kind of websites. Once again we strongly recommend you to enable two-factor auth in your Mt.gox account and delete the API key, if any.
How to stay safe :
Phishing attacks use malicious websites (clicking on a link) to infect your machine with malware and viruses. So don't click on untrusted links from chat boxes, unknown websites and e-mails etc.
If possible disable Flash and Java.
Always ensure that Web site you visited is secure when submitting sensitive information such as login credentials.
Use Two-Factor Authentication, wherever possible.
Ensure that your Operating System and Web Browser is up-to-date and security patches are always promptly applied.
Do not use the same password for all of your online accounts.
Protect your computer with a firewall, anti-virus and anti-spyware software and update them all regularly.
A nap is a short period of sleep, typically taken during daytime hours as an adjunct to the usual nocturnal sleep period. Naps are most often taken as a response to drowsiness during waking hours. A nap is a form of biphasic or polyphasic sleep, where the latter terms also include longer periods of sleep in addition to one single period.
In essence, a nap can take place anywhere that is not your bed. A nap isn't defined by duration or time of day, but simply the location in where it happens.
Cultural attitudes toward napping during the work day vary. In many Western cultures, children and the elderly are expected to nap during the day and are provided with designated periods and locations in which to do so. In these same cultures, most working adults are not expected to sleep during the day and napping on the job is widely considered unacceptable.[citation needed] Other cultures (especially those in hot climates) serve their largest meals at midday, with allowance for a nap period (siesta) afterward before returning to work.
Benefits [ edit ]
Napping is physiologically and psychologically beneficial. Napping for 20 minutes can help refresh the mind, improve overall alertness, boost mood and increase productivity.[1] Napping may benefit the heart. In a six-year study of Greek adults, researchers found that men who took naps at least three times a week had a 37 percent lower risk of heart-related death.[2]
For years, scientists have been investigating the benefits of napping, including the 30-minute nap as well as sleep durations of 1–2 hours. Performance across a wide range of cognitive processes has been tested.[3] Studies demonstrate that naps are as good as a night of sleep for some types of memory tasks. A NASA study led by David F. Dinges, professor at the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine, found that naps can improve certain memory functions and that long naps are more effective than short ones.[4] In that NASA study, volunteers spent several days living on one of 18 different sleep schedules, all in a laboratory setting. To measure the effectiveness of the naps, tests probing memory, alertness, response time, and other cognitive skills were used.
The National Institute of Mental Health funded a team of doctors, led by Alan Hobson, Robert Stickgold, and colleagues at Harvard University for a study which showed that a midday nap reverses information overload. Reporting in Nature Neuroscience, Sara Mednick, Stickgold and colleagues also demonstrated that, in some cases, a 1-hour nap could even boost performance to an individual's top levels. The NIMH team wrote: "The bottom line is: we should stop feeling guilty about taking that 'power nap' at work."[5]
Cardiovascular benefits of napping, siesta or daytime sleep [ edit ]
The siesta habit has recently been associated with a 37% reduction in coronary mortality, possibly due to reduced cardiovascular stress mediated by daytime sleep (Naska et al., 2007). Nevertheless, epidemiological studies on the relations between cardiovascular health and siesta have led to conflicting conclusions, possibly because of poor control of moderator variables, such as physical activity. It is possible that people who take a siesta have different physical activity habits, e.g. waking earlier and scheduling more activity during the morning. Such differences in physical activity may mediate different 24-hour profiles in cardiovascular function. Even if such effects of physical activity can be discounted for explaining the relationship between siesta and cardiovascular health, it is still unknown whether it is the daytime nap itself, a supine posture or the expectancy of a nap that is the most important factor. It was recently suggested that a short nap can reduce stress and blood pressure (BP), with the main changes in BP occurring between the time of lights off and the onset of stage 1 (Zaregarizi, M. 2007 & 2012).
Zaregarizi and their team have concluded that the acute time of falling asleep was where beneficial cardiovascular changes take place. This study has indicated that a large decline in blood pressure occurs during the daytime sleep-onset period only when sleep is expected; however, when subjects rest in a supine position, the same reduction in blood pressure is not observed. This blood pressure reduction may be associated with the lower coronary mortality rates seen in the Mediterranean and Latin American populations where siestas are common. Zaregarizi assessed cardiovascular function (blood pressure, heart rate, and measurements of blood vessel dilation) while nine healthy volunteers, 34 years of age on average, spent an hour standing quietly; reclining at rest but not sleeping; or reclining to nap. All participants were restricted to 4 hours of sleep on the night prior to each of the sleep laboratory tests. During three daytime naps, they noted significant reductions in blood pressure and heart rate. By contrast, the team did not observe changes in cardiovascular function while the participants were standing or reclining at rest.
These findings also show that the greatest decline in blood pressure occurs between lights-off and onset of daytime sleep itself. During this sleep period, which lasted 9.7 minutes on average, blood pressure decreased, while blood vessel dilation increased by more than 9 percent.
"There is little change in blood pressure once a subject is actually asleep," Zaregarizi noted, and they found minor changes in blood vessel dilation during sleep (Zaregarizi, M. 2007 & 2012).[citation needed]
Negative effects [ edit ]
For those suffering from insomnia or depression, naps may aggravate already disrupted sleep-wake patterns.[6]
Power nap [ edit ]
A power nap, also known as a Stage 2 nap, is a short slumber of 20 minutes or less which terminates before the occurrence of deep slow-wave sleep (SWS), intended to quickly revitalize the napper. The expression "power nap" was coined by Cornell University social psychologist James Maas.[7]
The 20-minute nap increases alertness and motor skills.[7] Various durations may be recommended for power naps, which are very short compared to regular sleep. The short duration prevents nappers from sleeping so long that they enter the slow wave portion of the normal sleep cycle without being able to complete the cycle. Entering deep, slow-wave sleep and failing to complete the normal sleep cycle, can result in a phenomenon known as sleep inertia, where one feels groggy, disoriented, and even sleepier than before beginning the nap. In order to attain optimal post-nap performance, a Stage 2 nap must be limited to the beginning of a sleep cycle, specifically sleep stages N1 and N2, typically 18–25 minutes.
Experimental confirmation of the benefits of this brief nap comes from a Flinders University study in Australia in which 5, 10, 20, or 30-minute periods of sleep were given. The greatest immediate improvement in measures of alertness and cognitive performance came after the 10 minutes of sleep. The 20 and 30-minute periods of sleep showed evidence of sleep inertia immediately after the naps and improvements in alertness more than 30 minutes later but not to a greater level than after the 10 minutes of sleep.[8]
People who regularly take these short naps, or catnaps, may develop a good idea of the duration which works best for them, as well as which tools, environment, position, and associated factors help produce the best results. Power naps are effective even when schedules allow a full night's sleep. Mitsuo Hayashi and Tadao Hori[9] have demonstrated that a nap improves mental performance, even after a full night's sleep.
Stimulant or caffeine nap [ edit ]
A short nap preceded by the intake of caffeine was investigated by British researchers. In a driving simulator and a series of studies, Horne and Reyner looked at the effects of cold air, radio, a break with no nap, a nap, caffeine pill vs. placebo and a short nap preceded by caffeine on mildly sleep-deprived subjects. The caffeine nap was by far the most effective in reducing driving "incidents" and subjective sleepiness. Caffeine in coffee takes up to a half-hour to have an alerting effect, hence "a short (<15min) nap will not be compromised if it is taken immediately after the coffee."[10][11][12][13]
Systematic napping as a lifestyle [ edit ]
A contemporary idea called polyphasic sleeping entails avoiding long periods of sleep, instead taking regularly spaced short naps. Sara Mednick, whose sleep research investigates the effects of napping, included a chapter, "Extreme Napping", in their book Take a Nap!.[7] In response to questions from readers about the "uberman" schedule of "polyphasic sleeping", they commented as follows:
This practice rests upon one important hypothesis that our biological rhythms are adaptable. This means that we can train our internal mechanisms not only when to sleep and wake, but also when to get hungry, have the energy for exercise, perform mental activities. Inferred in this hypothesis is that we have the power to regulate our mood, metabolism, core body temperature, endocrine and stress response, basically everything inside this container of flesh we call home. Truly an Uberman feat![14]
Polyphasic sleep is claimed to be of particular benefit in cases where very long periods of wakefulness (+24 hours) are necessary and normal circadian rhythm is impossible (such as certain cases of military duty or emergency service). Critics of polyphasic sleep dispute the notion that the human brain can simply be classically conditioned to tolerate a state of near constant wakefulness without deleterious effects. Studies[which?] by the US military showed the success rate of introducing polyphasic sleep varied widely depending on individual physiology/psychology, the amount of time provided to acclimate to the new schedule and the type and difficulty of the tasks being performed. Attempting to acclimate to a polyphasic schedule often induced significant stresses in the participants, with a corresponding deficit in alertness and skill that became progressive and did not improve until the restoration of normal sleep.[citation needed] Many of the more radical cycles (such as the "Uberman Schedule", allowing only 15-minute naps every 4 hours) are so demanding that to date their only successes have been anecdotal reports from serious devotees and are widely[weasel words] considered to be harmful and physically unsustainable for the average person.[citation needed]
Notes [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
This isn't well-known, so you should probably share this with your friends, family… Really anyone who has used PayPal in connection with a website providing online content. On July 1st, 2015, Paypal will update it's TOS agreement… to take away any and all intellectual rights to any content you provide online. If you use Paypal or accept PayPal, they will attempt to take ownership of any online content you add to your business or website. Read this easily-overlooked section of the new PayPal TOS:
Amendment to the PayPal User Agreement
Intellectual Property
We are adding a new paragraph to section 1.3., which outlines the license and rights that you give to us and the PayPal Group (see paragraph 12 below for the definition of “PayPal Group”) to use content that you post for publication using the Services. A similar paragraph features in the Privacy Policy, which is removed by the addition of this paragraph to the User Agreement. The new paragraph at section 1.3 reads as follows:
“When providing us with content or posting content (in each case for publication, whether on- or off-line) using the Services, you grant the PayPal Group a non-exclusive, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, sub-licensable (through multiple tiers) right to exercise any and all copyright, publicity, trademarks, database rights and intellectual property rights you have in the content, in any media known now or in the future. Further, to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, you waive your moral rights and promise not to assert such rights against the PayPal Group, its sub-licensees or assignees. You represent and warrant that none of the following infringe any intellectual property right: your provision of content to us, your posting of content using the Services, and the PayPal Group's use of such content (including of works derived from it) in connection with the Services.”
We've covered this sort of corporate overreach for awhile now, what with the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP), a secret agreement that would greatly strengthen the power of corporations over consumers and even governments; multi-national businesses are working with governments to take control of internet usage, regulations, and even local government utilities through international treaties like the TPP. The TPP is being secretly being constructed, without public or legislative consult, and is a massive outline of future controls by businesses on many aspects of your life.
The fact is, the only reason they kept the TPP secret was because they KNOW that the average person like you or I will be harmed. They can't even give it a political spin, so they'd rather not have to even discuss it. Search online for more information on the TPP, and check WikiLeaks for information on what little has been leaked about this attack on our freedoms.
It looks like PayPal has decided to work against our interests too; you really have to ask what sort of info they would be interested in obtaining “non-exclusive, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, sub-licensable (through multiple tiers) right to exercise any and all copyright, publicity, trademarks, database rights and intellectual property rights you have in the content, in any media known now or in the future”, and just how they hope to profit from it.
By being purposefully all-encompassing when speaking about “content or posting content (in each case for publication, whether on- or off-line) using the Services”, we have to understand that it could start stealing the consumer's data for their own profit anywhere at all, whether it is sent directly to them, or while “using” their services… Which could mean simply having Paypal on your website would give them access to and ownership of it.
Paypal looks ready to confiscate your online content, and your business if you let them; as with most tech businesses, they won't “be evil” until they become the huge monopolistic corporations that everybody has to use because there is no close rival. Be vigilant.
Source: Cryptocoins News
You want to discuss a certain topic with likeminded people or you want to organize a local protest or you have an idea for a project that can help people in need in your local community or all around the world? Join our forum
You want to support Anonymous Independent & Investigative News? Please, follow us on Twitter: Follow @AnonymousNewsHQ
I have five brothers and sisters and we're all food nerds, so when we get together for Christmas, we're always showing off for each other (though we totally pretend we're not). Our mother, Sarah, is the same way with their eight siblings, and they get it from their mother, Josefina, who always refused to share their recipes. When my mom was growing up in the Philippines, Josefina stole the show every year with their ensaimadas (sugary, Parmesan-y, buttery rolls) before church on Christmas morning.
When I was a kid, my family always opened presents at midnight on Christmas Eve so we could just cook and eat our way through Christmas Day. The menu spans Filipino classics to sous vide experiments. I've made everything from arroz caldo, a porridge traditionally slurped in the days leading up to Christmas, to fancy leaves of puff pastry as a complement (but also a challenge) to my sister Astrid's beef Wellington.
Photo by Alex Lau
The menu changes from year to year, but for Christmas to feel like Christmas, we always need a showstopper, like the whole pig ( lechón ) my grandmother requested last year. Filipino food is incredibly eclectic because the islands' history is full of traders, occupiers, and missionaries, each of whom brought their own ingredients and dishes—from soy sauce to macaroni salad. When our extended family moved to the Bay Area before I was born, they brought all of those international flavors with them in a combination that reflects the Pampanga province but also their individual tastes and talents.
Photo by Alex Lau
My grandmother Josefina is 99 now, and they can't cook anymore, but she's still super-serious about food. A few years ago I finally convinced them to teach me how to make their famous embutido -stuffed whole chicken. (We made my version of their dish at Mission Chinese Food, and they loved the idea that New Yorkers ate “Josefina's Chicken,” but they scolded me for not including their beloved chorizo Bilbao.) Now that I'm cooking more Filipino dishes at Christmastime, I realize just how much technique goes into their recipes—it's so easy to overcook the onions on the bistek !—and how their ways work better than the “right” ways I've learned in restaurant kitchens.
Photo by Alex Lau
When I cook on Christmas, I want to honor my grandmother, but deep down, I suppose I also want to impress them or even improve on their creations. I want my family to keep circling back to the buffet table looking for another helping of Josefina's Chicken or Angela's Pork Belly. In our family, seconds are the sincerest form of flattery.
Get the recipes:
TED CAVANAUGH
Need to figure out the perfect holiday gift? Our special promotion includes a 2-year subscription to the magazine, a snazzy tote bag, our Test Kitchen's absolute favorite chocolate, and a Jacques Pépin spatula. Learn more here.
Devolver Digital announced today that the next installment in the critically acclaimed Hatoful Boyfriend series, Hatoful Boyfriend: Holiday Star, is coming to the PS Vita and PS4 on December 22, 2015 digitally via the PlayStation Network.
The loveable birds of Hatoful Boyfriend are back in the remastered holiday-themed sequel Hatoful Boyfriend: Holiday Star. Travel to fantastically styled worlds, meet interesting new chickadees, and find romance in the elegantly designed winter wonderlands. Dust the snow off your wings and take flight with familiar faces and new friends alike in extraordinary adventures hatched from the whimsical mind of the series creator Hato Moa and developer Mediatonic!
Features
Freshly Hatched Presentation:
Experience Hatoful Boyfriend: Holiday Star in glorious high-definition with extraordinary hand drawn scenery and a dazzling new watercolor world unlike any other.
Experience Hatoful Boyfriend: Holiday Star in glorious high-definition with extraordinary hand drawn scenery and a dazzling new watercolor world unlike any other. Old Friends and New Faces:
All-new stories and adventures starring your favorite feathered romantics from the original game alongside a whole new flock of lovable birdies.
All-new stories and adventures starring your favorite feathered romantics from the original game alongside a whole new flock of lovable birdies. New Avian Antics:
It's not a Hatoful Boyfriend game without a bit of the bizarre like anime inspired magical girl transformations for all your favourite pigeon boyfriends, lab-grown birds stealing Christmas and a mysterious King of the Holiday Star.
It's not a Hatoful Boyfriend game without a bit of the bizarre like anime inspired magical girl transformations for all your favourite pigeon boyfriends, lab-grown birds stealing Christmas and a mysterious King of the Holiday Star. Delightful Side Stories:
Veer off the flight plan for some marvelous episodic side stories and fun distractions like series favorite Ryouta and their fantastic radio show.
Check out the Hatoful Boyfriend: Holiday Star Gameplay Trailer:
Swiss companies are among the most innovative in Europe – and contrary to received opinion, they are good at bringing their innovations to market, says a report.
The study issued on Monday by the Swiss Economic Institute (KOF), which is part of the Federal Institute of Technology in Zurich, was based on a survey of 6,000 companies. It was conducted for the State Secretariat for Economic Affairs (Seco).
Researchers found that in the period 2006-2008 no country of the European Union matched Switzerland for the proportion of innovative products contributing to the turnover of their companies.
The report says that this share grew continually from 2002 onwards, although by 2008 it was still only around two thirds of the level of the high-point in the mid-1990s. But given that expenditure on innovation fell in the same period, the productivity of such investment in fact increased.
However, the report warns that during a recession, companies have fewer resources to invest in innovation. “It is to be assumed that the tendency for innovation and the capital used for innovative activities are currently falling,” it says.
It calls on the state to make a contribution to stabilise innovative activities. Its suggestions include ring fencing state financing of the Commission for Technology and Innovation, and supporting private research and development with tax breaks.
swissinfo.ch and agencies
Neuer Inhalt Horizontal Line
SWI swissinfo.ch on Instagram SWI swissinfo.ch on Instagram
The presidents of Iran and Turkey vowed during talks in Tehran on Wednesday to work closely together to prevent the disintegration of Iraq and Syria and to oppose the drive by Iraqi Kurds for independence.
Shia Muslim Iran and mainly Sunni Muslim Turkey, a NATO member, have traditionally had cool relations, but both have been alarmed by the Iraqi Kurds' vote for independence in a Sept. 25 referendum, fearing it will stoke separatism among their own Kurdish populations.
"We want security and stability in the Middle East ... The independence referendum in Iraq's Kurdistan is a sectarian plot by foreign countries and is rejected by Tehran and Ankara," Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said, according to state TV. "We will not accept a change of borders under any circumstances."
Iran and Turkey have already threatened to join Baghdad in imposing economic sanctions on Iraqi Kurdistan and have launched joint military exercises with Iraqi troops on their borders with the separatist region.
Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan, who is on a one-day trip to Tehran that will also include talks with Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, said Ankara was considering taking further measures against Iraqi Kurdistan.
"We have already said we don't recognize the referendum in northern Iraq.... We have taken some measures already with Iran and the Iraqi central government, but stronger steps will be taken," they said.
Kurds spread across several countries
Iraq's autonomous Kurdistan region announced on Tuesday it was calling presidential and parliamentary elections for Nov. 1. Baghdad has responded with further punitive measures.
Iraq's central government, its neighbours and Western powers fear the vote in favour of secession could spark another, wider conflict in the Middle East region to add to the war in Syria, and fear it could derail the fight against Islamic State.
Kurds celebrate after the announcement of the results of the independence referendum in Erbil in northern Iraq on Sept. 26. (Mohamed Messara/EPA-EFE)
The Kurds are the region's fourth largest ethnic group, spread across Iran, Turkey, Syria and Iraq. All oppose any moves towards a Kurdish state.
Erdoğan, whose security forces are embroiled in a decades-long battle with Kurdish separatists in southeast Turkey, repeated in Tehran their accusation that Israel was behind the Iraqi Kurds' referendum.
"There is no country other than Israel that recognizes it."
A referendum conducted by "sitting side by side with Mossad has no legitimacy," they said, referring to the Israeli intelligence agency.
Israel has denied Turkey's previous claims of involvement in the vote, but has welcomed the Kurds' vote for independence.
Rouhani also said on Wednesday that Tehran and Ankara planned to expand their economic ties.
"Turkey will import more gas from Iran... Meetings will be held next week to discuss the details," they said.
Forgive me: I had no idea the "shower beer" was a thing. I mean, sure, I'd chugged my fair share of bathroom brewskis in my college days, but I didn't realize that drinking beer in the shower had become an actual phenomenon—much less a legitimate, commonly used term—until a friend of mine told me to Google the phrase. I was blown away.
And so, as an experienced beer writer (and Certified Cicerone) facing an embarrassing lapse in trend awareness, I now feel that it is my responsibility to take the plunge. If jumping into the shower with a crisp, cold one in hand is a beloved American pastime, I should know everything there is to know about the practice. I've decided to personally test five very different beers from five well-respected breweries to determine the style and qualities of a lager or ale best suited for the shower.
Let the immersion begin.
© Deborah Fixell
Pilsner
My first attempt to drink in the shower does not go smoothly, to say the least (pro tip: open the beer before you step into the stall). I am nearly blinded by spritzing water as I struggle to pop the slippery can, which slides out of my hand and onto a tender foot. Thankfully, once open, Sam Adams's excellent Downtime Pilsner quickly distracts from the disaster that is my shower-beer-drinking technique.
The crisp, refreshing lager has fantastic carbonation, with a lovely grassy hop character. While notes of citrus zest, a nice malt backbone, and a touch of spice and hoppy bitterness on the finish make this an excellent, well-rounded beer, it is—and I can't believe I'm saying this—almost too flavorful for the ridiculous task at hand. The beverage deserves to be savored in a glass, and practically begs to be paired with food. (Perhaps I'll do a follow-up story on shower charcuterie?)
For my next selection, I think I'll try a beer that's as stripped down as I am at this moment.
Shower Rating: 4/5 Soap Bars
Mexican Lager
The Mexican lager was invented at the end of the 19th century, when German immigrants in Mexico began brewing darker, Vienna-style lagers like those they'd grown up loving (ever had a Negra Modelo?). Oskar Blues of Longmont, CO, uses dark Munich and Vienna malts for a deeply colored lager with obvious German ties: Beerito showcases toasty bread flavors with a hint of spice from Hallertau Mittelfrüh hops. Despite its rich color, it's a deceptively dry, clean brew—one that's helping to scrub my palate as I scrub my hot bod. However, I find that it's too malty for the shower; I'm craving something lighter and a touch more exotic.
Unfortunately, my analysis doesn't last long: I still don't have the shower-drinking skills to keep water out of my beer can, and by the 4th or 5th sip, my Mexican lager tastes like beer-flavored agua. I apologize out loud to the hard-working brewers at Oskar Blues for shamefully vandalizing their work of art.
Shower Rating: 3/5 Shampoo Bottles
Wild Ale
Perhaps Allagash Brewing has just what I've been longing for: Their Little Brett is a beautiful Mosaic-hopped beer fermented with Brettanomyces, a wild yeast that produces a mild barnyard-like tartness that might just pair with the funk I'll be washing away.
Of course, as excited as I am to enjoy one of my new favorite summer beers, I forget that the beer only comes in bottles. Unwilling to use my teeth to open the stubborn thing, I hop out of the shower and make a soapy, naked trip to the kitchen for a bottle opener, prompting my wife and cat to stare at me in open-mouthed confusion as I leave a sloppy, wet trail behind me like Ghostbusters' Slimer.
Upon finally getting the damned thing open, I find that the light and citrusy beer within is just what I'm looking for, with those funky brett notes sitting behind delicate notes of lemon, pineapple, and freshly cut grass. Unfortunately, while the liquid itself is absolutely perfect for the shower—the bottle is a definite downside in this scenario.
Shower Rating: 4/5 Bath Towels
Double IPA
Alright: I admit that I feel somewhat guilty guzzling what many consider The Greatest Beer Ever while casually lathering my nether-regions. I should have learned my lesson that some beers are simply too elegant for the shower—and the nuances of The Alchemist's almighty Heady Topper are certainly lost here. This is a beer meant to be pondered; relished like a fine wine. Drinking it in the shower is like eating caviar from a paper plate; like sipping Champagne from a dog bowl.
But with massive tropical fruit notes in the vein of mango and papaya intermingling with citrusy pineapple and orange rind, the delicious hop profile is perfect for the shower—one that makes me feel like I'm rinsing off after a day on a Caribbean beach. The only problem with this perfectly balanced brew is that at 8 percent alcohol by volume (ABV), I'm already wobbling, and dangerously close to an unintentional impersonation of the lady from that LifeCall commercial. If only there were a lighter, easier-drinking version of the style that provided less of a commitment...
Shower Rating: 3/5 Shower Caddies
Session IPA
By this point, I've really nailed my showering-drinking technique. I'm cracking cans open with one hand and shampooing with the other, belting out "Dreamlover" between sips like my name is Mariah. And I know what I want to drink, too.
The "session IPA" came into fashion in the last five years or so, particularly with the introduction of Founders' All Day IPA. The low-gravity style (generally four to five percent ABV) is basically a hopped-up pale ale that values easy-drinking above all else.
So I reach for Deschutes's Hop Slice, brewed with five different malts, five different hops and a kiss of Meyer lemon. The crisp, citrusy, slightly floral beer has just the right amount of flavor to keep things exciting without distracting from the true mission at hand. Yes, I think I've found my shower beer.
Now, if only I could find some waterproof snacks.
Shower Rating: 5/5 Loofahs
Pets Deserve Evidence-Based Medicine, Too, Says The SkeptVet
Enlarge this image toggle caption katoosha/iStockphoto/Getty Images katoosha/iStockphoto/Getty Images
Hunting for good medical advice for your ailing kitty or pup? You'll find no shortage of ardent testimonials and ads for sketchy or unproven treatments on the Web.
Silicon Valley veterinarian Brennen McKenzie worries that some of the same pseudoscience that is rampant in human medicine is leading pet owners astray.
McKenzie's blog, The SkeptVet, aims to bring a calm voice of evidence-based skepticism in analyzing medical options for dogs and cats. McKenzie works at the Adobe Animal Hospital in Los Altos, Calif., and is a past president of the Evidence-Based Veterinary Medicine Association. Once a researcher who studied monkey behavior, they earned their veterinary medicine degree from the University of Pennsylvania in 2001.
The SkeptVet is a labor of love; McKenzie gets no outside funding for it. I recently spoke with them about blogging, pseudoscience and their 19-year-old pet corn snake. The interview has been edited for length and clarity.
Why does the world need skeptical veterinarians?
Pet owners need to know the pros and cons of health care options for their pets to make good decisions. "Skeptic" doesn't mean someone who automatically rejects new or unfamiliar ideas. It's someone who refrains from judging a claim until they have examined the evidence dispassionately — someone who gives preference to scientific evidence over personal experience, anecdote, tradition or history.
That's particularly critical on the Internet, where information about alternative therapies is most often marketing information. Or it's provided by people who obviously believe in these therapies and don't necessarily want to disclose their limitations. Pet owners who have a negative experience with a therapy rarely bother to tell anybody else about it.
In your writings, you speak out a lot against veterinary pseudoscience. What are some examples?
Pseudoscience takes the form both of recommending things that are not helpful and discouraging the use of things that are. There are certain therapies that we know are not helpful because there's been adequate research and study showing that. A classic example is homeopathic remedies, which true believers will argue can cure cancer, autoimmune disease or almost any illness, in both pets and in people.
Homeopathy makes the claim that administering a substance that triggers disease symptoms can have curative powers, if it's diluted in water or alcohol to the point where none of it actually remains. The substance can be nearly anything — from a plant or animal to moonlight or a piece of the Berlin Wall. Homeopathy has never been shown to be useful in good-quality scientific studies.
These homeopathic products are available over the counter in most pharmacies despite being useless, because they are generally considered harmless (except, of course, when used as a substitute for effective medical treatment). Any direct harm of homeopathic remedies typically comes from improper production, which leads to biologically significant levels of the original material or to contaminants. That is uncommon, although of course it does occur.
On the flip side is pseudoscience that undermines what we know about science-based medicine. Take anti-vaccine activism: Some people claim that veterinary vaccines should be avoided because their risks are greater than their benefits and they cause all sorts of horrible diseases. But there's no evidence that vaccines actually do that.
What about widely used conventional treatments in veterinary medicine? Are there any that you think aren't warranted?
Sure. I mean, the beauty and frustration of science is that it progresses over time and that things that we believe at one point may not turn out to be true later. Or that as we refine our knowledge, we have to give up things that we believe in. There are definitely practices like that in conventional, science-based medicine.
One example is annual boosters of core veterinary vaccines for animals. Science has shown for quite a while that yearly boosters for certain specific diseases, such as distemper and parvovirus, are unproductive. It's not clear that it's harmful, but it's certainly not needed. I think that conventional veterinarians have been slow to give that up.
You've blogged about how there are a lot of misconceptions about the pros and cons of neutering a pet. Where do people go wrong there?
I think the biggest misconception is that there is a simple, across-the-board, right answer to if and when you should neuter your pet. That's not the case, because biology is too complex for that. Broad rules such as "every dog should be neutered at six months," or "no pet should be neutered at all" — none of those are justifiable because the answer is, frustratingly, "It depends." It depends on the breed, on the age, on the particular balance of risks and benefits that you're talking about. The reality is that you should have a lengthy, nuanced discussion with your veterinarian about that.
Lots of pet owners will swear that their animals benefited from an alternative therapy, whether it's turmeric or cannabis-based extracts. What's the trouble with relying on these anecdotes?
It's totally understandable why those kinds of experiences are compelling. But things that look to us like simple, straightforward relationships may not be. You know, the classic example is, every time I wash my car, it rains. We know that that is not a reasonable cause-and-effect relationship, because we understand how the weather works. But there were times in history when people believed that your personal actions could influence the weather.
Medicine is incredibly complex, and it is very difficult to identify a true response to a treatment simply by watching to see what happens, based only on our personal observations. Because there are so many factors involved in what happens next. And that's the reason why we have research studies that make an effort to control for sources of error. We know that science works better, because our own individual judgment and observations are not reliable.
What feedback do you get from readers?
With any controversial topic, I get a ton of hate mail. A regular stream of "How dare you — this worked for me and you're just awful" or "You're a tool of the pharmaceutical industry." But I also get a lot of people who write, "Oh, thank God, finally, somebody is willing to ask questions or be critical of these things," because it's often so unpopular to do so.
Do you have pets?
I have two dogs: Max, a 10-year-old Boston terrier, and Brodie, a 4-year-old mutt from the shelter. And I have a 19-year-old corn snake named Tess. My wife, who is both afraid of snakes and a wonderfully supportive person, bought me a snake when I was in vet school because I wanted to learn more about exotic pets. I don't think they realized that corn snakes can live well into their 20s.
Have you ever tried a therapy for your pets that didn't have much scientific evidence behind it?
I previously had some dogs who were older and had arthritis, around when I first started practicing veterinary medicine. I put one of them on glucosamine because more experienced colleagues said it was helpful. I hadn't yet started looking at evidence-based medicine. I did not perceive any change in my dog, and overall, the scientific evidence of meaningful benefit from glucosamine is very weak.
But being a skeptic doesn't mean that I'm saying people should never use these kinds of things. There are definitely circumstances where trying something for which there is very little evidence is totally appropriate. I'm simply saying that pet owners need to be fully informed about the uncertainty and risks and benefits involved.
Steven Senne/AP
If you've got a serious jones for actual basketball and not just trade rumors and free agency conjecture, you're in luck. Tomorrow marks the opening of the NBA Orlando Summer League, a mainstay of the Celtics' off-season slate.
The Celts' outfit will play five games over the next week, all to be televised (four on Comcast Sportsnet) and while not a whole lot can be gleaned from these contests, they still offer fans and other interested observers a showcase in which players like rookie first round picks Marcus Smart and James Young and last year's top selection Kelly Olynyk, as well as a list of other roster hopefuls, can get out on the court and play together for the first time. With that in mind, here's a handful of possible storylines worth your attention.
Advertisement
Smart Leadership
Barely a week has passed since Smart became a Celtic but we've already heard enough about their leadership qualities to suggest he's the greatest leader in the history of the sport. Celtics top assistant Jay Larranaga, who will be running the ship in Orlando, even brought up Kevin Garnett and Paul Pierce when discussing Smart and the kind of leader they are. While that may be a bit of a stretch at this stage of the game, seeing as how this has been a theme trumpeted since draft night starting with Danny Ainge's first extended comments about their most recent top pick, it certainly bears watching how the Celts new bulldog of a point guard runs a team.
The Other First Rounder
Young was a potential lottery pick who slid to the Celtics at No. 17 in the draft because they were forced to miss a couple of workouts due to minor, neck-related injuries suffered in a car accident last month. Sure enough, he's only done non-contact work during the team's summer league practices in Waltham and is a question mark to play in Orlando. It's not that big a deal if they don't see the floor over the course of the next week, as their long-term health is far more important than playing in any of these five games. And Celtics coach Brad Stevens was adamant in noting that Young's injuries represent short-term issues. But from a curiosity standpoint, it would be great to see Young out there getting some run in with Smart for the first time.
The Holdovers
Olynyk pretty much broke all summer leagues from here to eternity as a rookie last year in Orlando, announcing their presence with authority to the tune of 18 points and 7.8 rebounds per game while hitting 58 percent of shots. They went for 25 in the Celts' first contest in Orlando this time last summer and the bulk of the week scoring from all over the place, drilling both mid-range and perimeter jumpers, displaying savvy post moves and basically just dominating on the offensive end all week long. He's back for an encore this year along with Phil Pressey and Chris Babb, both of whom showed promise, particularly Pressey, for the C's last year. With Smart in the fold, and Avery Bradley recently re-signed, playing time could be scarce for Pressey this season if the Celtics don't trade Rajon Rondo prior to Opening Night, making this a potentially big week for him.
Diamonds in the Rough
One of the more intriguing names on the Celts summer league roster is that of Devin Oliver, a 6-foot, 7-inch wing from the University of Dayton, who led the Flyers to a shocking Elite Eight appearance in this year's NCAA Tournament, a run that included upsets of both Ohio State and Syracuse. Oliver led the Flyers in minutes, rebounds, and assists last season, and was second on the team in scoring while shooting 48.4 percent from the floor and just under 40 percent from three-point range.
Another possible summer league breakout performer is Mike Moser, 23, who played for three different schools (UCLA, UNLV, University of Oregon) and was once thought of by Draft Express as a potential first round pick before injuries slowed them down back in 2012. This past year with the Ducks, the 6-foot, 8-inch Moser averaged 13 points and eight rebounds per game while earning Honorable Mention All-PAC-12 honors.
And then there's Colton Iverson, the Celts' 2013 second round pick who spent last year playing in Turkey and could be at least a piece in the team's big man/rim protector puzzle. Iverson's a 7-footer who plays a bruising, physical game and knows their role is, and will be, to rebound, block shots, and make life tough for opponents who venture into the paint en route to the rim. Of all the wild cards traveling to Orlando for the week, Iverson stands as good a chance to cash in as any.
USC is one of the premier jobs in college football. With a fertile recruiting area in its backyard, combined with a strong tradition, it's easy to see why most coaches would consider the Trojans one of the nation's top-five jobs.
Despite all of its advantages, success isn't guaranteed at USC. The Trojans failed to win at least 10 games in a season from 1989-2001. And the program has struggled to regain its place among the Pac-12's elite recently, as the Lane Kiffin era ended after a 28-15 mark in just over three years. Of course, NCAA sanctions have played a role in the Trojans' record in recent seasons.
After Kiffin was fired, Ed Orgeron was promoted to interim coach and helped to lead the Trojans to a 10-4 record. But Orgeron wasn't hired as the full-time coach, and former USC assistant Steve Sarkisian was hired from Washington to guide the program back to national prominence.
Sarkisian certainly knows their way around USC, as the California native spent seven years as an assistant with the Trojans. Although Sarkisian's overall record at Washington was just 34-29, there was noticeable improvement from a program that went 0-12 in the year prior to their arrival. Sarkisian won at least seven games in three out of the last four years and left after an 8-4 mark in 2013.
Is Sarkisian the right fit at USC? Let's take a look at the former Washington coach and their outlook for 2014 and beyond.
Sarkisian's Job History:
2009-13: Washington – Head Coach
2005-08: USC – Assistant Coach/Offensive Coordinator
2004: Oakland Raiders – Quarterbacks
2001-03: USC – Offensive Assistant/Quarterbacks
2000: El Camino JC – Quarterbacks
Obstacles to Overcome:
Depth: Scholarship sanctions have significantly reduced USC's depth. At Pac-12 media days, Sarkisian indicated the Trojans would have around 65 scholarship players in 2014. Needless to say, an injury could be a huge setback to this team, as the depth on the team is razor thin. One area of particular concern is the offensive line, where a couple of freshmen could see time.
Playmakers at Receiver: File this as a minor concern for Sarkisian. Top receiver Marqise Lee must be replaced, but junior Nelson Agholor should be a candidate for All-American honors. But who will emerge as a No. 2 and No. 3 target behind Agholor? Is it sophomore Darreus Rogers? Junior George Farmer or first-year student Steven Rogers?
Team Strengths for 2014:
Cody Kessler's Emergence: Kessler had their share of ups and downs under center early in 2013 but settled into the starting role late in the year. Kessler threw only one interception over the final five games and completed over 60 percent in each contest during that span. Coordinator Clay Helton returns in 2014, and Sarkisian is regarded for their work with quarterbacks and offenses. Kessler should continue to improve this year, especially with standouts at the skill positions in running back Buck Allen and receiver Nelson Agholor.
No. 1 Defense in the Pac-12?: It's a close call for the No. 1 defense in the Pac-12 this year. Stanford, Oregon, UCLA, USC or Washington each could claim that honor. The Trojans figure to have a strong case for the No. 1 spot, as eight starters are back in 2014. End Leonard Williams, linebacker Hayes Pullard and safety Su'a Cravens could all push for All-America honors. USC held opponents to just 21.2 points per game last year and 4.9 yards per play. Depth is an issue, but the Trojans are strong in the starting 11.
Roster Talent/Recruiting Trends
Pac-12 Roster Rank in 2014: 1
Pac-12 Rank National Rank Three-Star Prospects Four-Star Prospects Five-Star Prospects 2014 1 10 8 8 2 2013 2 12 0 8 4 2012 2 9 5 10 1 2011 1 3 11 14 1 2010 1 3 2 12 4 Rankings from 247Sports Composite
Despite the late start on building a class for 2014, Sarkisian didn't miss a beat on the recruiting trail. The Trojans signed the No. 11 class, putting USC's five-year average at 7.6. USC has plenty of elite talent, inking 12 five-star recruits since 2010. And each class since 2010 has signed at least eight four-star prospects.
With scholarship sanctions coming to an end, USC can sign 25 players in 2015, which will help with the shortage of depth. As of late July, the Trojans rank No. 10 nationally in the 247Sports team rankings and have five-star recruits committed.
Over the last five years, USC's five-year recruiting average ranks as the best in the Pac-12. The overall numbers aren't there due to scholarship restrictions, but the Trojans have the best talent in the league.
Sarkisian inherits a roster capable of winning the Pac-12 in 2014. However, this team is just 23-13 in conference play since 2010. Getting elite talent to play up to its recruiting rank and maximizing the roster will be a challenge for this staff.
The Schedule
USC's schedule is more favorable than its crosstown rival UCLA. The Trojans catch Stanford, Oregon State, California and Washington State in crossover play, while the Bruins play Oregon, California, Washington and Stanford. However, UCLA has won the last two matchups against USC, and the Nov. 22 contest could decide which team wins the South. In non-conference play, the Trojans have a favorable path to a 3-0 record. If USC stays healthy, this team could be a darkhorse contender for a playoff spot in 2014.
Final Analysis
Sarkisian's 34-29 record from their tenure at Washington isn't particularly overwhelming. However, they inherited a program coming off an 0-12 season and quickly turned the Huskies into a consistent bowl team. Was it fair to expect more of Sarkisian at Washington? Yes. But let's also not dismiss the difficulty of the Pac-12 North, which featured two national title contenders in Oregon and Stanford.
Sarkisian's expectations at USC are much higher. Consistently contending for Pac-12 titles and earning a spot in the playoff aren't unreasonable goals with the talent available in California for the Trojans.
While Sarkisian didn't elevate Washington into conference title contention, they have a chance to make a splash in 2014. The Trojans return 14 starters and play a favorable schedule. If Cody Kessler continues to improve at quarterback, the offense should take a step forward on the stat sheet. The defense is one of the best in the Pac-12 and should thrive under coordinator Justin Wilcox.
Sarkisian is working with a better roster and is at one of the best jobs in college football. Barring major injuries, finishing 8-5 or 7-6 in 2014 would be a disappointment.
Considering Sarkisian's experience at the program and all of the resources available, their task is to elevate USC back into national title contention.
While they aren't the home-run hire some may have expected for USC, Sarkisian inherits a team capable of winning a Pac-12 title in 2014. And if Sarkisian can take the Trojans to the Pac-12 Championship and an elite bowl, it will be a huge step forward in answering this overriding question: Is Sarkisian is the right hire?
Final Prediction:
Vegas Expectations: 8.5 over/under (5Dimes)
Athlon 2014 Magazine Projection: 9-3 (6-3)
Before the start of a town hall meeting in Sandown, N.H., Oct. 6, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said the event was not practice ahead of the town-hall-style presidential debate on Oct. 9. (The Washington Post)
Donald Trump broke with their campaign's usual course of business Thursday night by holding a town hall event in New Hampshire, a move they and their campaign insisted was not in any way a warm-up for the town hall-style presidential debate Sunday night in St. Louis.
Ahem. Cough. Ahem.
Regardless of their reasoning, the performance Trump put on in front of a very friendly New Hampshire crowd — it was invite-only, conservative radio host Howie Carr served as the moderator, and all questions were submitted in writing in advance — should make any Republican hoping for a bounce-back for the GOP nominee on Sunday night very nervous.
Despite being spoon-fed softball questions — “Are you going to bring jobs back?” — and standing in front of an audience of supporters, Trump struggled to stay anywhere close to a coherent message, repeatedly rambling in answers and seeming more interested in settling personal grievances than talking about the issue at hand.
1 of 60 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × What Donald Trump is doing on the campaign trail View Photos The GOP presidential nominee is pressing their case ahead of Election Day. Caption The GOP presidential nominee is pressing their case ahead of Election Day. Nov. 7, 2016 Donald Trump speaks during a campaign event at SNHU Arena in Manchester, N.H. Jabin Botsford/The Washington Post Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
A few examples:
* Trump began the town hall by insinuating the mic problem they experienced during the first debate was part of a broader conspiracy by the Commission on Presidential Debates. (For the record: While Trump's mic was wonky for the audience in the room, there were no audio problems for the 84-plus million people watching on TV.) In their first answer — about whether they held back in criticizing Hillary Clinton in the first debate — Trump again brought up the microphone, insisting there was a guy in the room “oscillating” their mic.
* Asked by a recent college graduate with a chemistry major how they would create jobs, Trump (1) noted how the “dishonest” media said they were sweating, (2) talked about bringing iPhone manufacturing back to the United States, and (3) pointed out that they have the biggest and best rallies, far better than those of Bernie Sanders. (WaPo's Greg Sargent has a fuller breakdown of Trump's answer here.)
* Thrown a softball about what they would tell conservatives who are not already for him, Trump went on the attack against Sen. Mark Kirk of Illinois. “I guess there's a gentleman in Illinois who's not doing so well,” Trump said. “And he's not doing well, but, hey, that's their problem.” Sidebar: This is the leader of the Republican Party talking!
* Trump, when asked by an audience member what they would do “to convince Hispanics who were deceived by President Obama, Hillary Clinton and the biased media to vote for you,” first noted that Hispanics love him, then segued into the story of a rally they held in Las Vegas that had a “tremendous crowd of people. Hispanics, Latinos they like to be called, in that area, you know that, right?” Um . . .
* When Carr asked Trump whether they were upset — as had been reported — about Mike Pence not vigorously defending them from attacks in the vice-presidential debate, Trump went into an extended attack on CNBC's John Harwood and CNN's John King. Here it is, courtesy of the indefatigable Sopan Deb of CBS:
Trump: "You know, they use John King, actually. He's a nice guy. I like them with the maps." Says Clinton is resting, not debate prepping. pic.twitter.com/ULcCaH0Whj — Sopan Deb (@SopanDeb) October 7, 2016
Pretty remarkable, right? Trump's lack of message discipline is made all the more amazing when you consider that even as they were riffing in New Hampshire, their top aides were peddling a narrative that Trump was buckling down and would be more serious and prepared for Sunday's town hall debate than they were for the first faceoff with Clinton last week on Long Island. Here's the first paragraph of Jenna Johnson's piece, which posted at 10 p.m. Thursday night, on the plan for a new Trump:
Donald Trump and their allies signaled Thursday that they are ready to move past the controversies that have dominated the 10 days since the first presidential debate and that they will try to stay focused on policy, not attacks, at the second debate on Sunday.
Er, okay.
Here's the thing [clears throat]: There is no new Donald Trump. What you see is what you get. Trump is a living, breathing example of how all of the best-laid plans go out the window after you get punched in the face. Even if they know what they should do — or at least what people like their campaign manager Kellyanne Conway need them to do — in this second debate, Trump's performance in New Hampshire on Thursday night shows that they are simply incapable of executing a plan that runs counter to their freewheeling, stream-of-consciousness approach.
They just doesn't have it in him. To expect a different Trump at this point in the campaign is to believe something against mountains of evidence to the contrary.
VILNIUS – The share of information and communications specialists among all individuals employed in Lithuania has grown in the past year, however, has remained among the lowest among all 28 members of the European Union (EU), Eurostat said on Tuesday.
In 2016, the share of IT specialists was 2.5 percent of all employed persons in Lithuania, up from 2.1 percent in year-on-year.
Lower share of IT specialists was reported in Romania (2 pct) and Greece (1.4 pct). In Latvia and Estonia, the share stood at 2.2 percent and 5.3 percent, respectively, as compared with the EU average of 3.7 percent.
The bulk of all working IT specialists in Lithuania were men at 75.2 percent. In terms of working IT specialists with university degrees, Lithuania's 80.7 percent was only behind Ireland (82.4 pct).
Kerry Jang, a council member in this picturesque Canadian city, recalls being in the crowd nearly four years ago to welcome Donald Trump as they announced plans for a striking new skyscraper that would bring a luxurious hotel and condo development to the heart of downtown. They still keep a Trump umbrella, a memento handed out at the ceremony, in the trunk of their car.
But when Trump's adult sons appeared Tuesday for a lavish grand opening to fete the gleaming 63-story tower, Jang was not part of the festivities. Their children planned to be on the street outside, marching against Trump in one of several planned protests across the city. Jang said they and other city leaders would stay far away.
“It's got bad karma, that place,” they said.
The tensions here surrounding the new Trump International Hotel and Tower reflect the unavoidable connection between the Trump presidency and the family's global real estate and branding empire.
While the Trumps have vowed to pursue no new foreign deals and to fully separate the management of the company from the Trump administration, Trump-branded properties around the world are nevertheless becoming symbols of the U.S. president — and, in some cases, staging areas for locals to express their feelings about their views on immigration, trade and other matters. Trump has retained their ownership stake in the company.
In Dubai, government officials joined Trump's adult sons, Donald Trump Jr. and Eric Trump, on Feb. 18 for a red-carpet party toasting the opening of a glitzy new Trump-branded golf course.
But in Vancouver, where more than 40 percent of residents are immigrants, the Trump family got the cold shoulder.
Protesters gathered Tuesday outside the tower from 9 a.m. through the evening hours, when they expected partiers to arrive for a VIP reception. Meanwhile, the mayor and others here have escalated their calls for the project's developer, Joo Kim Tiah, the 37-year-old son of one of Malaysia's wealthiest business people, to remove Trump's name from the building.
“Quite frankly, he'd be a hero in this town if they just changed the name,” Jang said.
Although the Trump Organization does not own the Vancouver building, Trump has licensed their name to the tower, and their company will manage the hotel. Last May, the developer announced that all 214 condos had been sold.
Tiah, who declined to be interviewed for this article, has emerged as a staunch Trump defender since the election, even as they have weathered a backlash in Vancouver.
“I'd like to thank President Trump, who is not here,” Tiah said Tuesday morning. They said they looked “forward to more future ventures together” with the Trump Organization, and noted the presence of Donald Jr. and Eric, along with their spouses, and Trump's daughter Tiffany.
In the past, Tiah has publicly said they feel a particular kinship with the eldest Trump child, Donald Jr., because they are both sons of high-powered business people. Tiah's father, Tony Tiah Thee Kian, sat in the front row for the ceremony.
Both Tiah and Donald Jr. took some jabs at the media during the ribbon-cutting event. Tiah, with a tone of apparent sarcasm, said they wanted to “thank the media for constantly putting us in the spotlight.” And Donald Jr. echoed that sentiment. “I'd like to thank the press,” the president's son said, and then paused before adding: “Just kidding.”
In January, Tiah took to social media to share their prime access to the presidential inauguration. They posted a photo of their room at the Trump International Hotel in Washington. And they shared pictures of their tickets to the west front of the Capitol for the ­swearing-in ceremony, the Liberty Ball and a rooftop brunch with the Canadian ambassador.
Resistance to the Trump brand may have reached peak levels in the past weeks, but Vancouver's struggles are certainly not unique.
In Washington, the Trumps leased the second-tallest building in the city, the federally owned Old Post Office Pavilion, and turned it into a 263-room luxury hotel. When work began on the project in 2014, a bevy of elected D.C. leaders, including Del. Eleanor Holmes Norton and Muriel E. Bowser, then months from becoming mayor, flocked to the event, gripping ceremonial golden shovels and posing with the Trumps.
Two years later, Norton, Bowser and members of the D.C. Council turned down invites to the grand-opening celebration, held two weeks before the election. Since then, protests have become so frequent that the hotel's management has blocked off all but one entrance with metal barricades and security guards.
For all the tumult outside Trump properties in left-leaning cities, however, there is mixed evidence as to whether the businesses inside have suffered. A study during the campaign last summer by Redfin found that Trump-branded condos were no longer attracting the price premiums they did in 2015. The hotel in Washington — where Trump won 4 percent of the vote — lost more than $1.1 million in the period the hotel was open from September to October, according to government data released by congressional Democrats.
The fact that Trump often licenses the use of their name means their company is not always the one bearing the brunt of problems — as evidenced by their other Canadian project, the Trump International Hotel & Tower Toronto, which the Trump Organization manages. Condo sales performed so badly there that the developer defaulted on a bank loan and the property was placed into receivership by an Ontario court. Sales have halted altogether with ownership in flux.
It appears that the Vancouver tower is faring better, buoyed by the city's booming housing market. Stockton Williams, executive director of the Terwilliger Center for Housing at the Urban Land Institute, said that foreign investors have been snapping up condos in the city, driving up prices. “It's not at all surprising that a new mixed-use, luxury residential building in Vancouver is doing well even if the companies that developed it isn't very popular,” they said.
Some city officials now regret their decision to welcome Trump in 2013, when the project was announced.
City Councillor Geoff Meggs sat on the dais with the Trump family. Now, they wish they could delete the photo from the Internet. Their neighbor recently told them that the photo of the councillor smiling and standing near Trump was practically “going viral” across Canada.
Brent Toderian, the former city planner for Vancouver, said they remember feeling “embarrassed” upon hearing that the Trump name — then associated with what they called “bad reality television” — would be linked to such a landmark building.
Years before, when Toderian still worked for the city, they were thrilled by the addition of the new tower. It was designed by revered Canadian architect Arthur Erickson and built to be the second-tallest skyscraper in the city.
Last year, the Trump Organization promoted the tower as standing 63 stories high. But on its current website, and in promotional materials distributed to reporters on Tuesday, the Trump Organization listed the tower at 69 stories.
Several members of hotel management told a Washington Post reporter that the hotel was actually 63 stories high and that the discrepancy was due to a superstition in Asian cultures to skip over any floor with the number four.
Toderian said the city's model of urban planning is one based on inclusiveness, green spaces and sustainability. Nothing is by accident in Vancouver, they said, pointing out the immense controls that city planners have over the landscape.
But for all of the controls, there was no solution for the Trump controversy. Officials can control the size of the building's sign, but not what the sign says.
In 2015, following Trump's campaign promise to ban Muslims, Toderian called on Vancouver residents to reject Trump's name on the tower.
“We're Canadians,” Toderian said. “We don't get angry very often. But we are offended.”
Toderian said they will never set foot in the building, at least as long as the Trump name is “Scotch-taped” on it. But they said even they cannot deny the striking vision of the twisting tower from a distance.
“When I look at it, my first thought is — still — it's a beautiful building, and it's earned its place in the skyline,” Toderian said. “My hope is that names will come and go, but that the building will stay.”
Alan Freeman contributed to this report.
From left, DEC employees Amy KcKelvey of Rotterdam, Sandra King of Saratoga Springs and Maryann Mroz of Colonie cover themselves from the rain during a walk down State St. Tuesday lunchtime, Oct. 22, 2013, in Albany, N.Y. (Lori Van Buren / Times Union) less From left, DEC employees Amy KcKelvey of Rotterdam, Sandra King of Saratoga Springs and Maryann Mroz of Colonie cover themselves from the rain during a walk down State St. Tuesday lunchtime, Oct. 22, 2013, in ... more Photo: Lori Van Buren Photo: Lori Van Buren Image 1 of / 7 Caption Close You knew it was coming: frost on way 1 / 7 Back to Gallery
Dust off your ice scraper and dig out your winter gloves.
After three weeks of above-average October high temperatures, overnight lows were expected to plummet over the next few days and give the Albany area its first frost and freeze of the season.
The weather service issued a frost advisory for 2 a.m. to 9 a.m Wednesday for Albany, Rensselaer, Greene and Columbia counties.
The low temperature on Wednesday morning is expected to be 33 to 36 degrees. On Thursday morning, it could be right at freezing, Brian Montgomery, a National Weather Service meteorologist, said.
Highs on Wednesday and Thursday are expected to be around 50 degrees and in the 40s on Friday, Montgomery said.
Until Monday, every day in October had had a high temperature above the average for the date, according to weather service data.
Though the frost and freeze are on their way, the Capital Region should remain snow-free for the foreseeable future. The same cannot be said for points west, however, as some bands of lake-effect snow were predicted for areas near Utica and Syracuse on Wednesday night, Montgomery said.
bfitzgerald@timesunion.com • 518-454-5414 • @BFitzgeraldTU
ADVERTISEMENT
On Capitol Hill, even Christmas can get politicized. Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid put their colleagues on notice this week that they plan to bring up the START nuclear treaty with Russia and a massive $1.1 trillion omnibus bill that includes $8 billion of earmarks, even if it means working right up to Christmas. Sen. Jim DeMint (R-S.C.), who has vowed to delay debate to let the next, more heavily Republican Congress decide on the issues, said it's "sacrilegious" to let politics encroach on Christmas, and their fellow conservative, Sen. Jon Kyl (R-Ariz.) said Reid was "disrespecting" Christians. Is their criticism fair — or absurd?
There is nothing sacrilegious about doing your job: "Americans nationwide are working this week and next," says Steve Benen in Washington Monthly. The Senate can, too. If Jim DeMint "doesn't care about monitoring Russia's long-range nuclear arsenal," he's free to vote against the New START Treaty. "But playing the Christmas Card is more than a little pathetic" — there is nothing sacrilegious about asking senators to do the work "we pay them to do."
"What Jim DeMint considers 'sacrilegious'"
Democrats are the ones shamelessly playing politics: Republicans have reason to be annoyed, says Jennifer Rubin in The Washington Post. "There is a method to this mad rush" — Harry Reid is dumping a "mammoth spending bill" and the START Treaty in their colleagues' laps in the hope of jamming things through without "adequate consideration." If these matters are so pressing, Democrats shouldn't have wasted so much of the lame duck Congress on things the public didn't want, such as "cap-and-trade and Obamacare."
"Harry Reid has a time management problem"
Reid is in the wrong, but not because of Christmas: There are lots of "good reasons" why Republicans "should slow things down in the lame duck," says Allahpundit in Hot Air, but the notion that it's "sacrilegious" to make senators work on Christmas "is not one of them." The real reason is that "momentous decisions on foreign policy and government funding should be made by the new Congress" to reflect midterm voters' wishes. "No need to drag Santa into it."
"Reid to DeMint and Kyl: Stop whining about having to work over the holidays"
The Christian thing to do is pass the treaty: If anything is "a misuse of the Christian holiday," says the Rev. Dr. Michael Kinnamon, general secretary, National Council of Churches, as quoted in the Hartford Courant, it's using Christmas as an excuse to "delay action on a treaty aimed at reducing the threat of nuclear war." Christmas is a time when our leaders should "work harder for peace on earth" — not postpone it.
"Ratify New START, say religious leaders. Celebrate Christmas with peace"
Collection GratefulDead
Set 1
Hell In A Bucket ->
Sugaree
Yankee Doodle Tuning
Never Trust A Woman
Cumberland Blues ->
Mexicali Blues
Friend Of The Devil
My Brother Esau
Bird Song ->
The Music Never Stopped
Set 2
China Cat Sunflower ->
I Know You Rider
Man Smart (Woman Smarter) ->
Terrapin Station ->
Drums ->
Space ->
The Other One ->
Dear Mr. Fantasy ->
Wharf Rat ->
Turn On Your Lovelight
Encore
The Mighty Quinn (Quinn The Eskimo)
Notes
Patch Info:
Nakamichi 100 -> Cassette Master -> Dat -> CD supplies:
Space (4:25 - 4:35)
Notes:
-- 2nd Set is seamless
-- Thanks to Paul Scotton and Joani Walker for the tapes
Identifier gd1987-08-12.sbd.walker-scotton.miller.81677.sbeok.flac16 Lineage Cassette (Tascam 122mkII) -> Apogee MiniMe (24bit/48k) -> Samplitude Professional v8.01 -> FLAC/16 Location Morrison, CO Run time 136:40 Source SBD -> Cassette Master -> Cassette (Maxell XLIIS) Transferred by Charlie Miller Type sound Venue Red Rocks Amphitheatre Year 1987
SEOUL, KOREA – LG Chem (part of the Korean electronics giant LG) is reviewing a plan to plunge into the business of making e-bike batteries after seeing a clear sign that the market is indeed growing. This was reported yesterday by the Korean IT Times. After Samsung, Bosch and Panasonic this is they next world electronics player stepping into the e-bike market.
The Korean Times reported further that Samsung SDI president Park Sang-jin said: “If the main means of transportation in the future are restructured around electric cars and rail cars, most short distance travels will be covered by electric bikes. We are very optimistic about the battery market for e-bikes. About 30% lighter than the same-class lead-acid batteries, lithium-ion batteries can travel 60 kilometres of distance at 25 km an hour in a single charge.”
Primary growth area
The Korean Times report also says: “LG Chem is reviewing a plan to plunge into the business of making e-bike batteries after seeing a clear sign that the market is indeed growing.”
LG Chem Ltd. is a 14 billion US dollar Korea-based company. Lithium-ion batteries are part of LG Chem's Information and Electronic Materials business and have been identified as a primary growth area for the company. In fact, investment in lithium-ion batteries has grown five-fold over the past seven years.
Panasonic Cycle Technology
Other consumer electronics giants involved in e-bikes are Samsung, Bosch and Panasonic. At last year's Eurobike Panasonic presented the world's smallest e-bike drive system. Panasonic Cycle Technology's direct drive mid-motor features 3-sensors and maximum torque stands of 65 Nm. The company installed a Munich-Germany based service-team for the European market last year.
Nanyamka Gallardo's family has lived in the South Shore neighborhood for 12 years. Sometimes it's safe, other times “you shouldn't bother coming outside. ... My neighborhood is too unpredictable. You never know what day is going to be a bad day, and that makes me uncomfortable because it makes it difficult to ever leave the house.” Hadiya Pendleton, a friend of Nanyamka's, was gunned down in Harsh Park on Jan. 29, 2013. A few months later, another friend, Kevin Ambrose, was killed in a drive-by shooting at the 47th Street Green Line station. When Nanyamka graduates from Kenwood Academy in 2015, they want to attend the University of Illinois-Chicago and major in communications. Them goal is to become an entertainment journalist, preferably writing for Rolling Stone magazine. “I don't know exactly how I am going to accomplish that, but failure isn't really an option for me because there's nothing more that I want than to leave my neighborhood.” However, they do admire the sense of unity the elders of their block have created.
Hey! Here are the headliners for Summerfest 2017
Hey! Here are the headliners for Summerfest 2017
Hey! Here are the day-by-day headliners for Summerfest 2017! (American Family Insurance Amphitheater headliners are in bold.)
WEDNESDAY, JUNE 28
Red Hot Chili Peppers
Deerhoof
Flume
The Moody Blues
Frankie Ballard
Misterwives
Spin Doctors
Black Joe Lewis & The Honeybears
Lee Fields & The Expressions
The Marcus King Band
Shaed
THURSDAY, JUNE 29
Luke Bryan
Brothers Osborne
Steve Aoki
Brian Setzer's Rockabilly Riot!
Toto
Hanson
Peter Wolf
Guster
Allen Stone
The Church
Soul Asylum
Berlin ft. Terri Nunn
Fishbone
Pokey Lafarge
Hippo Campus
Tommy Tutone
Slaughter
The Suburbs
GGOOLLDD
Willy Porter Band
Terry Hanck Band
The Regrettes
FRIDAY, JUNE 30
The Revivalists
Dispatch
Trombone Shorty & Orleans Avenue
Jon Bellion
Joss Stone
House Of Pain
Johnnyswim
Jerrod Niemann
Barns Courtney
Parade Of Lights
Miles Nielsen And The Rusted Hearts
SATURDAY, JULY 1
Zac Brown Band
Shinedown
Bleachers
Collective Soul
The Naked & Famous
Blues Traveler
Bebe Rexha
Tonic
John Waite
Hey Violet
Horseshoes & Hand Grenades
Dead Horses
Flint Eastwood
The Last Bandoleros
Muna
SUNDAY, JULY 2
Pink
Steve Miller Band
Andy Grammer
Ziggy Marley
Peter Frampton
Danny Gokey
Car Seat Headrest
Lauren Alaina
Dylan Scott
The Bright Light Social Hour
Dreamers
Big Thief
TUESDAY, JULY 4
The Chainsmokers
Vice
Captain Cuts
Alessia Cara
Miike Snow
Third Eye Blind
Death From Above 1979
Pvris
Lost Kings
Elephante
Grandtheft
Shaun Frank
High Valley
Dallask
CVBZ
Justin Caruso
Cade
Lanco
IshDARR
Speaker Of The House
Loosid
Jamila Woods
Saba
Klangstof
WEDNESDAY, JULY 5
Tom Petty & The Heartbreakers
Chris Stapleton
Phillip Phillips
Needtobreathe
Girl Talk
T-Pain
Kyle
JJ Grey & Mofro
James Arthur
Gnash
Welshly Arms
THURSDAY, JULY 6
Tom Petty & The Heartbreakers
Chris Stapleton
A Day To Remember
Slightly Stoopid
Awolnation
Tegan & Sara
REO Speedwagon
BJ The Chicago Kid
Tucker Beathard
J Boog
William Michael Morgan
Irontom
FRIDAY, JULY 7
Dierks Bentley
Cole Swindell
Jon Pardi
Atmosphere
Walk The Moon
Huey Lewis & The News
Dan + Shay
Ben Rector
Aesop Rock w/Rob Sonic
Michelle Branch
Phil Vassar
Brother Ali
Grieves
Los Lonely Boys
Vinyl Theatre
SATURDAY, JULY 8
Future
Big Sean
Migos
DNCE
The Band Perry
Chevelle
Andrew McMahon In The Wilderness
Locash
Dennis De Young: The Music of Styx
Highly Suspect
San Fermin
Whitney
SUNDAY, JULY 9
Willie Nelson
Bob Dylan
Sheryl Crow
Jason Isbell And The 400 Unit
Nathaniel Rateliff & The Night Sweats
Margo Price
Lukas Nelson & Promise Of The Real
The Shins
Brett Eldredge
Walk Off The Earth
Gilberto Santa Rosa
Blackberry Smoke
Lauv
Chicano Batman
Domenic Marte
Mondo Cozmo
Mindi Abair And The Boneshakers
Catholic Health Group Rejects Birth Control Compromise The Catholic Health Association (CHA) of the United States, the largest network of nonprofit hospitals and health facilities in the United States, announced on Friday that it would not support the Obama Administration's accommodation on insurance coverage of birth control, reversing an earlier decision to support the accommodation. The Obama Administration announced in January that as part of the Affordable Care Act, employers' insurance plans must include contraception coverage without co-pays or deductibles. In an accommodation, the administration made clear that if a religiously-affiliated institute objects, the insurance company will provide the coverage for contraception directly to the employee or student without institutional involvement.
The CHA said that it objects to any direct or indirect participation in providing birth control and emergency contraception. The Obama Administration would not comment, but an unnamed official told Reuters, "we will consider all the comments and suggestions from interested stakeholders before finalizing and implementing policies that respect religious liberty and ensure millions of women have access to recommended preventive services."
Initially, Sister Carol Keehan, president of the CHA, supported the compromise, saying "The framework developed has responded to the issues we identified that needed to be fixed." Following their acceptance of the accommodation, Sister Keehan faced pressure to resign their post. The Catholic Bishops received media attention this month after criticizing US Nuns for focusing on "radical feminist issues" such as healthcare. In response to this criticism and threats to social services funding, the nuns launched their Nuns on a Bus tour, a two-week tour that begins today.
A previous version of this story indicated that Sister Keehan's statement had been removed from the CHA website. The statement can be read on the group's site here. Media Resources: Reuters 6/16/12; MSNBC 6/16/12; Huffington Post 6/16/12; Feminist Daily Newsire 6/14/12; ThinkProgress 2/10/12
© Feminist Majority Foundation, publisher of Ms. magazine If you liked this story, consider making a tax-deductible donation to support Ms. magazine .
Sifting through the newspaper, news on Chicken Samosas caught my eye. President Barack Obama had served them with other dishes at a White House Reception hosted for ambassadors this monday. Being a foodie, most of the time I am in search of culinary delights which I could make to suffice my taste buds. But this news made me hungry and I could think of nothing else other than samosas. Monsoon drizzle had made the weather also perfect. Only ingredient that my kitchen lacked for making chicken samosas was chicken. Usually I had never made so much effort for making anything. But samosas made me make that extra effort. I immediately went to the market and bought some boneless chicken.
Making samosas is not a very difficult task. The only difficulty is in giving the right shape and closing them properly. As soon as you start frying them, your kitchen will be filled with a nice aroma as my had. Finally when I took the first bite, I knew that all of my efforts had paid. I cuddled up on the terrace with piping hot samosas dipped into tangy chutney and a hot cup of tea. For vegan variations, instead of chicken filling you can try the original Indian potato filling. Try it out, and if you don't get hooked, I'll eat it all of them on my own!
Ingredients
For dough
2 cups all purpose flour
2 tbsp oil
1 cup Water
pinch of salt
For filling
2 cups of boneless chicken shredded
1 large onion chopped
1 tbsp ginger garlic paste
coriander leaves
2 tbsp Garam Masala Powder
1 tbsp cumin seeds
1 tbsp red chilli powder
1 tsp. turmeric powder
salt to taste
oil for frying
Method
Preparing Dough
* In a bowl mix together flour, salt and oil. With hands mix it well till the mixture is coarse.
* Add water and knead into a smooth dough.
* Leave it for about half an hour and prepare the filling in the meantime.
Preparing Filling
* In a saucepan heat 2 tbsp of oil. Add cumin seeds.
* Then add chopped onions. Fry till golden brown.
* Add rest of the spices- garam masala, turmeric powder, salt and ginger garlic paste.
* When the spices are cooked add minced chicken and let it cook for few minutes.
* Add chopped coriander mix well.
* Let the chicken filling cool before making samosas.
Making Samosas
* Make small balls from the dough. Roll each ball into a big round. It should not be very thin.
* Cut it into 2 halves using a knife. Pick one half and make a cone out of it.
* Add the filling into the cone. Seam the mouth and open edges with a little water, by pressing the ends. Take care in doing this so that it may not open while frying.
* Do the same with the rest of the dough.
* When done, heat oil in a wok and deep fry all the samosas till golden brown.
* Serve them hot with yogurt and green chutney or cilantro yogurt dip.
Note: To remove excess oil, press the samosas on paper napkins.
A species of ant in the forests of Ethiopia looks poised to become a globally invasive species, capable of spreading around the world, disrupting ecosystems and becoming a pest for humans.
The species Lepisiota canescens is showing signs it forms "supercolonies," which are colonies comprised of more than one nest. These supercolonies allow a single species of ant to spread out over a large territory, a key step to becoming an invasive species.
This concerns a group of researchers from various institutions in American and Ethiopia, who published a study on the ants this week in the journal Insectes Sociaux. They observed that one similar species of ant in the same genus (Lepisiota) have invaded South Africa's Kruger National Park, and another temporarily shut down Australia's Darwin Port after the ants were discovered among cargo.
"The species we found in Ethiopia may have a high potential of becoming a globally invasive species," said lead author D. Magdalena Sorger, a post-doctoral researcher with the North Carolina Museum of Natural Sciences, in a press release. "Invasive species often travel with humans, so as tourism and global commerce to this region of Ethiopia continues to increase, so will the likelihood that the ants could hitch a ride, possibly in plant material or even in the luggage of tourists. All it takes is one pregnant queen. That's how fire ants started!"
The ant colonies are in the forests that surround Orthodox Christian churches in Ethiopia, which are some of the last natural forests in the country. Ethiopian Christians have long surrounded their churches with woodland. Some of these forests are more than a thousand years old, and are unusually rich areas of biodiversity in areas otherwise barren or deforested for agriculture.
The researchers say these ants have built the largest supercolonies ever observed among an ant species in its native habitat — the largest supercolony they found spanned 24 miles. That, along with the ants' diet and nesting habits suggest they have the characteristics of an invasive species.
Ant supercolonies are rare — out of the 12,000 known species, only about 20 have ever shown supercolony behavior. Other species of ants tend to be more territorial and less tolerant of ants from other nests.
The Argentine ant is perhaps the most famous example of the supercolony builder. Argentine ants have spread across a roughly 2,500 miles of Western Europe, including parts of Spain, France, Italy, and Portugal. In the U.S., California is home to an Argentine ant supercolony spanning more than 500 miles. That's because in their non-native habitats, they can thrive.
Once in a region, the invasive ants drive out native ant populations, and though ant wars may seem to be of little consequence to some, the invasions have impacts that can often be seen without a magnifying glass.
The Argentine ants' assault on native California ant species has also led to declines in predators that fed on those native ants, such as the coastal horned lizard.
They have also become a pain for Californians who have reported them infesting homes, crawling out of plumbing and even sneaking into handbags.
The team included scientists from several institutions in Ethiopia and the U.S., including North Carolina Museum of Natural Sciences, The University of Tulsa, Bahir Dar University, California Academy of Sciences, and Smithsonian Institution.
Sorger said that the research will offer a record of how the ants live in their natural habitat, which could be critical if the species becomes invasive. "Rarely do we know anything about the biology of a species BEFORE it becomes invasive," Sorger said in the release.
Denver announced the signing of eight more players to future contracts on Wednesday, bringing their total number to 13.
Joining the collection of Browncos will be LB Jamar Chaney, T Ramon Harewood, LB Jerrell Harris, TE Jameson Konz, S Charles Mitchell, TE Cameron Morrah, CB Jerome Murphy, and RB Jerodis Williams.
Chaney was taken by Philly in the seventh round of the 2010 Draft and has played in 45 games (23 starts) over four seasons with the Eagles and Falcons.
Harewood, a 2010 sixth-round pick by the Ravens, started five games during Baltimore's 2012 Super Bowl run.
Harris went undrafted out of Alabama in 2012 and has spent time with five different teams, most recently San Diego.
Seattle drafted Konz as a wideout in the seventh round of the 2010 Draft, and used them at wideout, tight end, and linebacker, before cutting them in October. They spent the rest of the season on the Cowboys' practice squad.
Mitchell played in 10 games as a rookie in 2012 with Atlanta, who drafted them in the sixth round that year. They failed to make the team out of training camp in 2013.
Morrah was a 2009 seventh-round pick of Seattle's; in four seasons there, they caught 16 passes for 194 yards in 27 games (7 starts). The ex-Cal Bear spent time with the Niners and Lions last offseason but made neither squad.
Murphy, a 2010 third-round pick by the Rams out of South Florida, has played in 33 games over four seasons with St. Louis, Detroit, New Orleans, and Washington.
Williams signed with Minnesota as an undrafted free agent but was an early cut.
0 Shares 0
0
0
0
Well-documented facts pertaining to the 9/11 wars, all supported by sustainable evidence, have barely made inroads into the collective consciousness of Western media consumers.
The War on Syria is no exception. Despite the presence of five years of sustainable evidence that contradicts the Western narratives, people still believe the “official” lies.
The consensus of ignorance is sustained by what Michel Chossudovsky describes as an “American Inquisition”. Beneath the protection of this psychological operation, the engineered enemy is Islam, and the Global War On Terrorism (GWOT) has become a brand to disguise imperial wars of aggression as “humanitarian”.
Thus, huge sums of public monies are diverted from worthwhile, domestic projects, such as healthcare, schools, and roads, to support a criminal Project for a New American Century (PNAC) that is globalizing death, poverty, and destruction as the U.S led empire tries to impose a unilateral model of control over the world.
The U.S is said to be “exceptional”, and therefore the rightful ruler. Manifest Destiny writ large.
Dissent is suppressed within the framework of corporate media monopolies. Predominant narratives are supported by corrupt “NGOs” – totally bereft of objectivity -- and intelligence agency “fronts”. Real investigative journalism offering historical context and legitimate evidence are relegated to the fringes, far outside the domain of the broad-based “consensus of misunderstanding.”
The “Progressive Left” has been co-opted. So-called “progressives” (presumably unwittingly) support Canada's close relationships with Wahhabbi Saudi Arabia, Apartheid Israel, and even the foreign mercenaries currently invading Syria (ie ISIS and al Nursra Front/al Qaeda).
The source upon which the pretexts for war are built and perpetrated are taboo topics, despite longstanding evidence that the official narratives explaining the crimes of 9/11 – and the subsequent “Gladio B” operations -- are flawed. The truth is seen as “heresy”, and fact-based narratives are derided as “conspiracy theories”.
Thus, a firm foundation of lies that serves as a sanctified justification for global war and terror, remains strong.
But the stakes are high, as Western hegemony presses us closer and closer to a real prospect of widespread nuclear war. Already, the use of nuclear weapons is being “normalized” through the introduction of “mini-nukes” into the equation, and the blurring of lines between conventional and nuclear war.
Michel Chossudovsky explains in “Is the Bush Administration Planning a Nuclear Holocaust?|Will the US launch ‘Mini-nukes' against Iran in Retaliation for Tehran's ‘Non-compliance'?” that
“The Doctrine for Joint Nuclear Operations outlines the procedures governing the use of nuclear weapons and the nature of the relationship between nuclear and conventional war operations. The DJNO states that the: ‘use of nuclear weapons within a [war] theater requires that nuclear and conventional plans be integrated to the greatest extent possible' (DJNO, p 47 italics added, italics added, For further details see Michel Chossudovsky, Nuclear War against Iran, Jan 2006 ) The implications of this ‘integration' are far-reaching because once the decision is taken by the Commander in Chief, namely the President of the United States, to launch a joint conventional-nuclear military operation, there is a risk that tactical nuclear weapons could be used without requesting subsequent presidential approval. In this regard, execution procedures under the jurisdiction of the theater commanders pertaining to nuclear weapons are described as ‘flexible and allow for changes in the situation …' ”
The taboos need to be lifted, and the repeated lies contradicted.
Some of the more pernicious lies covering the escalating war on the democratic republic of Syria include unsubstantiated memes that fit neatly into the propagandists' toolbox of false representations, and of projecting the West's crimes onto the victims (Syria and Syrians).
The War on Syria is not a “civil” war; the “uprising” was not “democratic”; Assad does not “starve their own people”; Assad, does not “bomb their own people”; Assad is the democratically-elected president of Syria, and not a “brutal dictator”.
Conclusive evidence demonstrates, and has demonstrated for years, that the war is an invasion by Western proxies, which include ISIS and al Qaeda/al Nursra Front, and that there are no “moderates”.
The initial uprisings were marred by foreign-backed violence perpetrated against innocent people, soldiers, and police. Peaceful grassroots protests were hijacked by these murderous foreign-backed elements (as was the case in Ukraine) – all consistent with “hybrid war” as elaborated by Andrew Korybko.
The illegal sanctions imposed by the West – including Canada – coupled with terrorist practices of theft and hoarding of humanitarian aid – are responsible for the starvation.
Assad is a democratically elected reformer, and hugely popular with Syrians, not a brutal dictator. Claims that they “kills their own people” were further debunked when the so-called “Caesar photos” evidence was proven to be a fraud.
Many Syrians criticize Assad for not carpet bombing terrorist occupied areas (as US occupiers did in Fallujah, for example). Syrians sometimes refer to Assad as “Mr. Soft Heart”.
Unfortunately, though, the well-documented truth is not widely accepted. We need to shatter the “Inquisition” which serves to protect the criminal cabal perpetrating and orchestrating this global catastrophe. Truth and justice must prevail over lies and crimes. Currently, the opposite is the case.
Skaters: tighten your trucks and make sure your bearings are oiled, because the Lynch Family Skatepark will finally open in East Cambridge this fall.
After more than a decade of planning and some financial setbacks, officials from the Charles River Conservancy announced this week that construction is finally underway on the long-awaited park.
Contractors were on hand Wednesday, armed with shovels and heavy machinery, carving out the shape of the athletic facility.
Advertisement
“They're already digging out the bowls,” said Renata von Tscharner, president of the Charles River Conservancy. “It's all very exciting.”
Get Metro Headlines in your inbox: The 10 top local news stories from metro Boston and around New England delivered daily. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
Crews were only recently able to get to work on the site, beneath the highway ramps to the Zakim Bridge, because the ground was frozen and the historic winter left mounds of snow.
But in six months, von Tscharner expects that skateboarders and BMX riders will be dropping into half pipes, grinding rails, and doing kick flips in celebration of the new space.
“They will be moving very fast with this project. Now that we are ready to go, we want to get it done,” they said.
Fund-raising for the skatepark began in 2003, when world-renowned skateboarder Tony Hawk's foundation provided the Conservancy with a seed grant of $5,000. Families and skaters in the community also chipped in.
Advertisement
The Conservancy formally broke ground on the park in October, just months after the skateboard and apparel company Vans donated $1.5 million to top off the costs of the project.
Prior to the donations from Vans, the nonprofit agency raised $3 million in public-private partnerships with the Boston Redevelopment Authority, the City of Cambridge, the Barr Foundation, and The Lynch Foundation.
The state Department of Conservation and Recreation will manage the 40,000-square-foot space once it opens.
Van plans to hold two professional skating events at the park annually, and will provide $25,000 each year for the next seven years for upkeep and maintenance at the park.
“A lot of skaters have been waiting a long time for this,” von Tscharner said.
Steve Annear can be reached at steve.annear@globe.com . Follow them on Twitter @steveannear
First of all, I'd like to welcome all of the new Michelle Malkin and Instapundit readers to the site. Now that you are here, I'd like to ask five quick questions (in all seriousness) of you.
Where was the Republican outrage about the burdensome spending created with the No Child Left Behind Act?
Why weren't y'all as upset about the cost of Medicare Part D as you are about Obama's socialistic health care schemes?
Please don't respond that “at least Bush gave us tax cuts.” Is there any reason that no one seemed pissed off that Bush was the biggest taxer in the world?
On spending, as early 2004, even the GOP-friendly Heritage Foundation was upset about Bush/Republican domestic spending. Where were Rush Limbaugh and the rest of the mouthpieces of the right at this time?
Since Republican politicians try to jockey for the position of who can sound the most like Ronald Reagan, why didn't y'all listen to the person who wrote most of Reagan's words?
To be clear, I think it is cool that it appears that libertarians have some newfound friends on the small-government team. However, it's fair to color us a bit skeptical, as we are still licking our Republican-inflicted wounds. It may take a bit of time for us to recover from the political PTSD we are suffering after fighting Republicans for the last eight years over government spending issues.
A few honest answers may help the healing process, though.
I have at least three copies of Pet Sounds, the Beach Boys album that turns 50 this year. I have a version included with a British boxed set that includes all the material the band recorded for Capitol. I have a vinyl Japanese pressing of the stereo mix. And there's a CD boxed set devoted to just this one album, complete with the version as released in stereo, various backing tracks, and a mono mix of the entire record. Does that make me a fanatic?
I don't think so, but then I know genuine Pet Sounds fanatics, and in that crowd I'm just a tourist passing through.
For all I know, there are people whose job descriptions include “Pet Sounds analytics.” Nor would I be surprised to learn that it is the most written-about record album of all time. Certainly it is the subject of numerous books, thousands of magazine articles, and several film and television documentaries. Its Wikipedia entry goes on at dissertation length. Fan boys and fan girls just can't say enough.
What's interesting about that, though, is that unlike most records that get singled out for dissection, Pet Sounds ignited no movements, broke no social taboos, set no styles. It didn't even sell in massive numbers, at least not initially (and it has the dopiest cover art of any great album of any time!).
It doesn't even sound all that revolutionary. It certainly doesn't sound like a rock album. Nobody's kicking out any jams on this record. If you had to compare it to something, it might be a beautifully made pair of shoes that never wear out and feel more comfortable the more you wear them—and make you feel better just by having them on.
Or maybe the metaphor should be aural furniture: something that you live with day in and day out for years. It doesn't change your world in any dramatic overnight sense, it just makes it more bearable—and more beautiful.
But when a creative work hangs on for 50 years, you do stop and ask, why? What gives it that staying power? And how does it not grow dated?
“Jumpin' Jack Flash,” for example, sounds daisy fresh even today, but it also sounds like a product of its time. It seethes with a '60s feel. “Wouldn't It Be Nice,” on the other hand, seems somehow to float free in time. It evokes no time or place or mindset, except maybe eternal youth.
It does this, I think, by not calling attention to itself. All the musical bells and whistles that fans dote on are all there. The deep dives into its intricacies are all more than justified. Brian Wilson to the contrary notwithstanding (“I'm not a genius; I'm just a hardworking guy”), it is a work of musical genius. You can dig and dig and never get to the bottom of it.
But it doesn't make a fetish of its richness. The tympani, the bass harmonica, the theremin—they are all there for a reason. They belong in the songs, so much so that if you think about the instrumentation at all while you listen, you simply think, that's the only combination of instruments and voices that would have worked there. It seems all so inevitable, as though this record simply appeared, fully formed, with no human intermediary. And certainly there's no moment where you feel like the musicians are poking you in the ribs and saying, “Cellos—neat, right?”
I must have listened to Pet Sounds dozens, maybe hundreds of times, without thinking, here's a classic, near perfect record. I knew it was wonderful, otherwise I wouldn't have played it so much. And I knew that it possessed that oddly magical quality of seeming new every time it hit the turntable or the CD player or some streaming device.
Still, I had to read somewhere that it was a concept album before I knew that it was the musical story of the arc of a love affair—maybe it was “Sloop John B” that threw me off the track there? Or maybe it was my chronic inability to pay much attention to lyrics (if you put a gun to my head and told me to sing any song I loved from beginning to end, I'm not sure I could do it).
So sue me. Maybe I take greatness for granted. I know I did when I was a teenager listening to this music for the first time: This was just stuff on the radio—great stuff, yes, what you hoped for in the song rotation, but no one ever thought of it in the same sentence with the word art. But I think greatness can also reveal itself in staying power, and that's what Pet Sounds has done. Fifty years and counting, and there's still not a stale note on it. I'd like to think that without ever reading a word about this almost magical album, that sooner or later, I'd recognize the accomplishment.
It doesn't hurt—it may in fact be the crucial fact of the matter—that this album is the work of one man. Pop music, rock especially, is usually a collaborative enterprise. But in the case of this album—and even the other Beach Boys grudgingly concur—this was the work of Brian Wilson. Yes, they had help with the song lyrics, and they were completely open to the suggestions of the studio musicians who perform on the album. But at the end of the end, every major decision was ultimately his. They were 23.
Pet Sounds would prove to be the apotheosis of Brian's achievement, along with “Good Vibrations,” and after that would come the crash and burn of Smile, the ill-fated project which until recently we have never heard in any kind of complete form, and which certainly had no impact when various little pieces of it were released in the '60s.
Sometimes I daydream about him, making that amazing music all by themselves out there in Southern California with no one they could talk to about what they were up to because almost no one around them had more than an inkling of how enormously talented they are. The studio musicians who play on Pet Sounds, they knew. But that was about it. The Beatles, the Stones—almost any of their contemporaries, really—had each other. Dylan, of course, was just Dylan, but speaking strictly musically, Dylan couldn't hold Brian Wilson's coat. No, Brian was all on their own.
They must have been lonely in that regard, but happy, too, because when they made Pet Sounds, they poured everything they knew into that one album, and boy did they know a lot. There is beauty stacked on beauty in those tracks, but every moment, every sound, serves the whole. It seduces you one subtle measure at a time, and then does it again, over and over, for as long as you care to listen. It's been doing that for half a century, and I don't see it ever stopping. Some people call the greatest album ever made. Who am I to argue? Brian themselves has said that they were deliberately trying to tap into something spiritual with the music on that record, and while that word usually makes me cringe, in this I think they succeeded. Pet Sounds, without fail, will lift you up.
Donald Uzarski at the helm of the RV Chippewa
A newly acquired research vessel is opening the door to new possibilities for Great Lakes research for both students and faculty alike at Central Michigan University.
The RV Chippewa—a 32.5-foot boat outfitted with state-of-the-art water monitoring equipment—was purchased by the university this summer for $350,000. The acquisition of the boat was made possible by a $10 million grant from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency given to Central Michigan University in 2010 to help study the Great Lakes and their surrounding wetlands.
The university's Institute for Great Lakes Research shares the boat. The institute is a coalition of students and faculty taking a multidisciplinary approach to understanding the issues facing the Great Lakes basin. The group is led by 23 faculty representing four departments—Biology, Chemistry, Geography and Earth & Atmospheric Sciences.
The vessel is sure to get its share of use with the number of purposes it is slated to serve. It is currently being used in conjunction with a curriculum to help teach high school, undergraduate and graduate students about water quality monitoring. University scientists are also using the RV Chippewa for academic research.
Donald Uzarski, director of the Institute for Great Lakes Research and the boat's captain, believes the acquisition was necessary for the evolution of the university's research endeavors.
“We have a very strong Great Lakes' nearshore program, and we recently hired six additional faculty members, and three of those faculty members do quite a bit of offshore work,” Uzarski said. “And in order to accommodate their research, we knew we had to take the next step and get a vessel that could go to deeper waters and reach out farther.”
The vessel is equipped with the latest monitoring equipment and a small onboard laboratory. It contains everything from bottom samplers that can take deep sediment cores from the bed of Lake Michigan to YSI multiprobes that collect data such as temperature, pH, specific conductance and turbidity, among other parameters.
The boat is currently assisting several projects aimed at analyzing area wetlands. Understanding the Great Lakes' wetlands is crucial to preserving the health of the lakes themselves. Besides providing a habitat to animal and plant species, the wetlands act as a natural buffer for absorbing pollution and runoff before it reaches the lakes.
One of the projects involves tying elements found in offshore fisheries back to specific Great Lakes' wetlands.
“We can get a chemical fingerprint of specific wetlands, mainly with strontium and barium, and we can track those fingerprints into otoliths. The otoliths of the fish, or the earholes of the fish, actually accumulate elements daily, and they basically grow like leaves on a tree,” Uzarski said. “And then we have a very precise laser ablation, so we can take trace element samples from within each of those earholes to be able to tell where that fish has been.”
The study could provide insight on the impact that runoff from area wetlands has on local fish communities.
Though the use of the RV Chippewa for environmental research is in its infancy, researchers are hoping that their work might help secure further funding for additional Great Lakes monitoring projects.
“We're using [the RV Chippewa] as one more tool in our toolbox to continue our research,” Uzarski said.
Top image: Donald Uzarski at the helm of the RV Chippewa (Credit: Central Michigan University)
An ongoing dispute between neighbors about feeding deer turned deadly Monday night when a New Brighton man shot and killed another man and injured a woman, according to reports.
The woman was conscious when taken to the Hennepin County Medical Center, but their condition is unknown, the Star Tribune says. Police said they suffered a single gunshot wound.
Police said the 57-year-old suspect called police shortly after the shooting and turned themselves in, the Pioneer Press reports.  They are in custody and being interviewed by investigators.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Police have been called to the area several times because of the years-long feud between the three neighbors over feeding deer in the community, according to media reports.
"I knew that something was eventually going to happen," Neighbor Matt Williams told KARE 11. They said that both the victims and suspect owned weapons and the situation was a "volatile mix."
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Neighbors said the suspect had shot deer in the victims' yard before and also gave the neighborhood letters about deer being bad and attracting wolves, reports say.
KARE 11 says the female shooting victim had an active restraining order out against the suspect for harassment.
The victims lived together across the street from the suspect in the 2500 block of Knollwood Drive, according to reports.
A SWAT team was sent into the suspect's home Monday night to make sure no one else was inside, KSTP says. Officials said they aren't looking for additional suspects and the public is not in danger, according to media reports.
Minnesota state Senator Jeff Hayden (DFL-62) is pushing legislation to designate $200,000 in taxpayer funds as annual gifts to gun control groups.
In a press conference to announce the legislation, Hayden thanked Michael Bloomberg-funded Moms Demand Action for their “organizing power.”
The text of the bill says:
This act may be cited as the “Taylor Hayden Gun Violence Prevention Act.” To reduce the number of injuries and deaths of innocent individuals in the community and to increase community safety, the commissioner of human services shall develop a competitive bidding process to award grants to nonprofit organizations with expertise in gun violence prevention. A nonprofit organization awarded a grant must use the money for gun violence prevention or public awareness and education campaigns on gun violence prevention.
Hayden explained that their push to use Minnesotans' tax dollars for gun control is the result of the death of their sister, Taylor Hayden, who was killed in a suspected drug deal gone bad in Atlanta, Georgia. Hayden explained that Taylor was out with friends in July 2016 “for some dancing and fun.” They said, “As they were leaving the place where they had eaten and were having fun, gunfire erupted between two parties that were apparently having a problem.” During the exchange of gunfire, someone grabbed Hayden's sister and used them “as a human shield.” They were shot twice and killed.
Hayden said their sister “represented everything that we want our children to represent” and they want to fund gun control in Minnesota to help with “gun violence prevention and outreach.” They said gun violence is “a public health crisis” and they believe it is fitting to designate tax payer dollars “to get people to understand what happens when you use a gun.”
AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast.  They are also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow them on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach them directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com.
TJ Fixman has announced their departure from Insomniac Games, although they will remain onboard Ratchet & Clank a little longer.
In a suitably late night blog post, the writer announced their departure from the developer, where they have served for seven years on nine games.
The veteran writer, who is occasionally credited as Todd Fixman, wrote seven Ratchet & Clank games – Future: Tools of Destruction, Future: Quest for Booty Future: A Crack in Time, All 4 One, Full Frontal Assault and the upcoming Into the Nexus, as well as a comic series. They also penned Resistance 2 and was credited on Fuse back when it was called Overstrike.
Although they expected to be part of the games industry for many years to come, Fixman said they were lured away when Disney offered them a feature assignment, and their workload at Insomniac began to clash with their ambition to become a screenwriter. When they sold another script shortly thereafter, they decided to make the leap to full time free agent.
“My moving on is about searching for a new challenge. I can look at my time at Insomniac and feel like I've done what I set out to do there,” they said.
“As for other mediums, I feel like I'm just getting started. I'm excited by movies and television. I want to get back into graphic novel writing. I want to develop different projects with new characters and stories and worlds I can explore. Right now I have the opportunity to try all of it, and when you're handed a gift like that, you have to grab onto it with both hands.”
Fixman will remain associated with Insomniac for some time yet, as he's a writer and producer on the Ratchet & Clank movie.
“My relationship with Insomniac will continue, as will my involvement with the video game industry. How it will all coalesce is something I'll work out along the way, but I could never abandon the industry that has given me so much,” they said.
We wish Fixman all the best in their future endeavours.
In the tense build-up to the 2011 uprisings, Arabs seemed to be turning away from dictatorship. Poll after poll showed that more Egyptians, Jordanians and Moroccans believed democracy was the best form of government than did Americans or, say, Poles. But "democracy" in the abstract could mean just about anything as long as it was positive. It was one thing to believe in democracy and quite another to practice it.
In Egypt, the loss of faith in not just democracy, but in the very notion of politics, was particularly striking. A not insignificant number of Egyptians backed the military coup of July 3, 2013, and then turned away from -- or, worse, embraced -- the mass killing of their countrymen on August 14, 2013. More than 600 were killed in mere hours, as security forces moved to disperse Muslim Brotherhood supporters from two protest camps in Cairo. This happened exactly a year ago -- and will remain a dark blot on the country's history. It, in a sense, is what the Arab Spring had managed to unleash -- not just chaos but something darker.
Before they began to falter, the region's autocrats, whether in Tunisia, Syria or Yemen, were fond of reminding Westerners that despite their brutality -- or perhaps because of it -- they were the ones keeping the peace and ensuring stability. As Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak said in a televised address just 10 days before they were ousted, "The events of the last few days require us all as a people and as a leadership to choose between chaos and stability." In a sense, they and their fellow autocrats were right -- there was a tradeoff. These, after all, were weak states, divided by religion, ideology, sect and clan.
With little warning, the uprisings pushed these internal tensions and conflicts that had always simmering in the background to the fore. Before the uprisings, Arab strongmen had governed unwieldy countries with arbitrary borders and uncertain identities. They promised stability at the expense of liberty -- and it was a bargain that held for decades.
Questions of Identity
In Eastern Europe, democratic transitions became possible when the dominant ideology was discredited by the demise of the Soviet Union. Meanwhile, in Latin America, the primary cleavages were largely economic in nature. During transitions in Brazil, Chile and Argentina, the leftist opposition could reassure regime elites that their financial interests would be protected. In the Middle East, there was, and could be, no such resolution.
While economic grievances were at the fore for ordinary Tunisian and Egyptian protesters, they were quickly overshadowed by questions of identity. The major parties and movements, whether Islamist or liberal, had little to say about the economy beyond the self-evident. Who, after all, could take issue with fighting unemployment and combating poverty? Ideological divides over Islam dominated an increasingly raucous debate among the secular intelligentsia, on one hand, and an aspiring Islamist counter-elite, on the other.
The foundations of society and state were still very much in doubt, and the Arab uprisings only made these questions more difficult to answer. There was a basic lack of consensus over the meaning and purpose of the modern nation-state and, relatedly, the role of religion in political life.
The sheer ferocity of this confrontation led a growing number of so-called "liberals" and "democrats" to embrace the military -- and particularly a charismatic general named Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi -- as protector and savior of the Egyptian state. And Sissi filled the role quite well. They were weaned in and by the military, rising through the ranks under the Mubarak regime to become head of military intelligence. In their public appearances, they presented themselves as the stern patriarch caring for their wayward children. Many Egyptians -- too many -- returned the favor. They longed for the return of a strongman.
'This Is Something We Live'
When I, as an American researcher, would talk to my friends in the region about the importance of respecting democratic outcomes even if you disagreed with them, there was a basic gap. As a journalist friend told me once: "This is something you study; this is something we live." They were the ones who had to live with the consequences of elections. In Egypt, the sentiment was particularly jarring considering how recent the experience under military rule had been -- a troubled year and a half where the army woefully mismanaged the country.
But during the Muslim Brotherhood's one year in power, those memories began to fade. Liberals, leftists and even revolutionaries looked to the army to reset the political process and start over. They opposed what they saw as a creeping Islamist takeover of the Egyptian state -- from its courts and newsrooms to its labyrinthine bureaucracy -- all, apparently, in the service of forcibly reshaping Egyptian society. With so much at stake, the dangers of military coups seemed beside the point.
The risks were simply too high, and for those actually living under "democracy," it didn't seem nearly as exciting as Western observers made it sound. It was, instead, deeply frightening.
The return of the generals -- culminating in Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi's rise to the presidency -- was most striking in Egypt, but elsewhere too, the disillusion with democracy, and its attendant messiness, spread. In Libya, Syria, Egypt and Tunisia, the fall of a dictator meant a weakened state and a gaping power vacuum, which radical Islamist groups, such as Libya's Ansar al-Sharia, were all too willing to take advantage of. Meanwhile, Libya's democratically elected General National Congress struggled to make its authority felt amidst heavily-armed militias, which would, on occasion, surround the parliamentary building to swing votes in their favor.
Libya's Egyptianization
Libya was supposed to be different -- ideological divides were less pronounced. It seemed unlikely that the Muslim Brotherhood would be able to repeat the feat of other Islamist parties across the region, which had quickly risen to power. There hadn't traditionally been a secular elite as in Egypt or Tunisia, and even "secular" parties like Mahmoud Jibril's National Forces Alliance were more than comfortable speaking the language of religion and sharia. Groups like the Muslim Brotherhood simply had less traction because they weren't as distinctive -- regional and tribal divides took precedence. But that was then. As the Libyan Muslim Brotherhood, which could claim an organizational coherence that others couldn't, grew more powerful, the fears of Islamist takeover of the state grew along with it.
The "Egyptianization" of the Libyan conflict brought yet another general, Khalifa Heftar, to newfound prominence. Heftar claimed to speak for something called the "Supreme Council of the Armed Forces," sharing a name with the military body that had ousted President Mohammed Morsi just a year before. Taking another cue from Egypt, Heftar appeared on television in February to announce a "roadmap" for saving Libya from Islamist militias and politicians. In May, after gathering more support, forces loyal to Heftar attacked the General National Congress building.
Like Sissi, Heftar is the new face, and voice, of the post-Arab Spring era, fashioning themselves as a strongman savior bearing good tidings of stability and security after a destabilizing democratic process. In this respect, Egypt has been an inspiration to its neighbors, but not necessarily in the way one might have hoped.
Increasingly Regional Divide
The "Islamist-secular" divides were real before, but they at least seemed to be localized. The role -- and relative strength -- of Islamist parties varied widely across North Africa. But the defining breach of the coup in Egypt -- backed by Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates -- has given these conflicts an increasingly regional cast, reflecting a lopsided proxy battle with an increasingly isolated Qatar and Turkey on the other side. Before the July 3, 2013 coup, the leaders of Tunisia's Ennahda party were keen to distinguish and distance themselves from their counterparts in Egypt, whom they saw as damaging the Islamist brand. Yet, after the military's ouster of Morsi, the outrage of Tunisia's Islamists became palpable -- they sympathized, of course, with the Brotherhood's plight, particularly after the mass killings of Morsi supporters in August 2013.But they also feared an Egypt scenario at home, with the secular opposition threatening more mass protests if Ennahda didn't step down.
Today, the Brotherhood's affiliates and descendants have coalesced in a way that they haven't for decades. Numerous meetings and conferences have been held in Doha, Istanbul and other capitals to discuss strategy, tactics, lessons learned and, more generally, what's next for an Islamic "project" seemingly in decline. Movements that have long been committed to peaceful political participation now must contend, as in Egypt, with a minority of members -- and a larger minority of supporters who are turning to the use of anarchic, low-level violence against repressive regimes, in the form of lobbing Molotov cocktails, burning police cars and attacking security personnel. In the Syrian and Libyan theaters, violence is itself a form of politics, and Brotherhood affiliates there have either allied themselves with armed groups or formed their own militias.
There is now a sense of shared Islamist solidarity and struggle in the face of a hostile regional and international environment. Each local Brotherhood branch has faced existential moments before, but this is the first time that the challenge has extended to so many of them at the same time. This is what the Arab Spring made possible, for both better and worse. Having succumbed to the temptations of prominence and power, Islamists across the region are thinking again, and anew, about the long game. They've been here before. Just two months before the Arab uprisings began, I spoke to Hamdi Hassan, head of the Egyptian Brotherhood's parliamentary bloc, during an election in which the Mubarak regime wouldn't permit the movement to win even one seat.
They seemed resigned to their fate, but, at the same time, they believed that history, and God, moved with them. "In the lifespan of humankind," Hassan told me, "80 years isn't long; it's like eight seconds."
Once a year some of the biggest acts in country music leave Nashville behind and cross the pond to Europe. Taking to the stage's in Dublin, Glasgow and London brings their music to fans who aren't normally able to access it. This year the headline acts of the festival saw Brad Paisley, The Zac Brown Band and finally country music legend Reba Mcentire.
Once a year some of the biggest acts in country music leave Nashville behind and cross the pond to Europe. Taking to the stage's in Dublin, Glasgow and London brings their music to fans who aren't normally able to access it. This year the headline acts of the festival saw Brad Paisley, The Zac Brown Band and finally country music legend Reba Mcentire.
When Reba was announced as a headliner in November the reaction from a lot of fans was anger. The majority of people on social media just didn't seem that interested in seeing them performance, myself included. I personally took the view that they are a legend and this is possible a once in a lifetime chance to see them live. It's a shame other people didn't take that view. As their headlining performance started in the O2 arena, that same Arena quickly emptied.
The O2 arena can hold twenty thousand people, Darius Rucker was on stage before Reba and the place was nearly sold out. By the end of Reba's act the arena was more than half empty and a lot closer to a quarter. The fans decided to vote with their feet. So the question is why didn't fans want to see her?
The reason why I believe so many people walked out is simply they didn't know Reba's music. Reba was a nostalgia act that the majority of fans in this country aren't nostalgic about. Listening to Country Music in England over the past decade hasn't been the easiest thing. Back in the 90's we had CMT. Its thru this channel I discovered country music. I was introduced to acts such as Reba and grew up listening to them Unfortunately in britain we lost this channel and for over a decade there was no country music channel on british television. Country music wasn't very accessible.
Technology has created a new generation of country music fans in the United Kingdom. You can easily find a music video on youtube or stream a whole album via Itunes or Spotify. Country music is getting more airtime on the radio. Acts like The Shires and Ward Thomas have come along, the country music scene is blossoming. Reba like a lot of other older artists just fell threw the generation gap in this country.
The sad thing about this is I can't image Reba will ever want to come back to this country again. I understand why people left and at a music festival you are going to get acts you don't like. I remember last year everyone was moaning about Dwight Yoakam. At the end of the day it was disrespectful but I don't think it's the fans fault. The blame at least part of it has to lie with the event organisers. They booked the wrong headliner for the show. Hopefully there is a lesson to be learned here when they book future events.
In my previous post, The Real Reason the U.S. Doesn't Make iPhones: We Wouldn't Want To, I argued that the current cost structure does not make any sense to assemble iPhones in America. I argued that we would be better off focusing on designing iPhones but letting the Chinese handle the assembly. The article has generated quite a few responses and heated debates. After some periods of soul searching, I have come to realize that I need to revise my original conclusion. So, I say yes, we can make iPhones in America.
We can make iPhones in America, but not under today's cost structure and technology. Lining up thousands of American workers in the 20th century style assembly line, doing repetitive work day in and day out, is not going to win manufacturing jobs back to America from developing nations. Making iPhones in America would require some great American creativity and productivity. This will become increasingly possible given the emerging new technology, especially the additive manufacturing which uses 3D printers turning layers of materials into solid objects.
3D printing technology is not new. It has long been used by combining other processes to manufacture circuit boards for electronics. The technology is now improving rapidly to be able to print a wide variety of objects, from simple tools and toys, to more complicated products such as airplane dashboards, replacement jawbones, bicycles, etc. Every year, millions of hearing aids are printed out in the U.S. The world's first printed car rolled out of a printing press in 2011. Recently, an engineering professor, Behrokh Khoshnevis, at the University of Southern California (where I work), showcased a process they designed to build a house with a giant 3D printer. It was estimated that a house of 2500 square feet, with a full wiring and plumbing system, would be printed out, within 20 hours with fewer costs than traditional construction method.
This new manufacturing process is a transformative technology. It will completely transform conventional 20th century style of manufacturing process, which is based on a simple notion of increasing returns to scale which implies that increasing the size of a factory making the same type of products will improve production efficiency. This process was realized on Henry Ford's production line for making cars. One hundred years after Ford's initial assembly line, the same is true for Foxconn's over 200,000 workers—who work on the same site making iPhones. In the conventional manufacturing process, the labor cost is a dominant factor. This is why iPhones are now being made by Foxconn in China, where labor cost is substantially lower than America.
3D printing technology overthrows the notion of a scale economy. Putting thousands of 3D printers in the same location will not improve cost competitiveness over scattering them in different places. Future manufacturing will be a very de-centralized process. 3D printers have become so cheap (personal 3D printers cost as low as less than $1000) that in the future, consumers can even produce their shoes, toys, kitchen wares at homes or a shop nearby. They can download the designs from the internet, tweak according to their tastes, and change the sizes for their own purposes. Future manufacturing no longer needs thousands of workers doing repetitive jobs in the same location.
The widespread use of 3D printing technology in manufacturing could lead to de-globalization of manufactured goods. In the past century, we have seen a globalization process in which companies allocate production sites in countries that make the most sense in terms of costs, far away from consumers. In this process, China and other developing nations have become the manufacturing hubs, producing products for consumer nations like the United States. The use of 3D printing technology will counter this globalization process, and could pull manufacturing away from China or other developing nations back to countries where products are consumed.
While manufacturing of goods could be localized with additive manufacturing, the professional services including engineering, design and intellectual protection will be globalized. This has a profound impact on redistribution of income among nations. America, leading in additive manufacturing technologies, will undoubtedly be the biggest winner in this process. American companies, not only can print “things” in local printing shops in America, but also in China for Chinese consumers using American designs. This could even reverse the trade balance between America and China.
However, those hoping this process will generate a large number of manufacturing jobs in America will be disappointed. The additive manufacturing will not bring back 20th century assembly jobs to America. What is needed more for America's future is engineers, designers, and IP lawyers. Politicians arguing for solving unemployment problem by bringing back iPhone assembly jobs are looking in the mirror backward. They should be moving forward by focusing on policies to improve our education to produce talents for future manufacturing.
Maybe the day that America makes iPhones is not too far. They will be manufactured in local printing shops or at homes, instead of in assembly lines. Or, maybe when this day comes, these objects are no longer called iPhones. But one thing is for sure, America can make “things,” again!
Stephanie Fae Beauclair[1] (October 14, 1984 – November 15, 1984), better known as Baby Fae, was an American infant born in 1984 with hypoplastic left heart syndrome. They became the first infant subject of a xenotransplant procedure and first successful infant heart transplant, receiving the heart of a baboon. Though they died within a month of the procedure, they lived weeks longer than any previous recipient of a non-human heart.
Procedure [ edit ]
The procedure, performed by Leonard L. Bailey at Loma Linda University Medical Center, was successful, but Fae died 21 days later of heart failure due to rejection of the transplant. The rejection is thought to have been caused largely by a humoral response against the graft, due to Fae's type O blood creating antibodies against the type AB xenograft.[2] The blood type incompatibility was seen as unavoidable: fewer than 1% of baboons are type O, and Loma Linda only had seven young female baboons—all of which were type AB—available as potential donors.
A baboon heart was used as there was no time for a suitable human heart to be found. It was hoped that the transplant could be replaced by an allograft at a later date, before Fae's body began generating isohaemagglutinins, but a suitable donor could not be found in time. Prior to the procedure, no infant heart transplant—even with human hearts—had been successfully performed due to a lack of infant human hearts.[3] To address this issue, Bailey had become a pioneer in the research of cross-species heart transplants, which had included "more than 150 transplants in sheep, goats, and baboons".[3]
Multiple surgeons had previously experimented with baboon heart implants, leading some to speculate even that baboons could be farmed in the future for such purposes. When asked why they had picked a baboon over a primate more closely related to humans in evolution, Bailey replied, "I don't believe in evolution."[4] Though they died within a month, Baby Fae, at the time of their death, had lived two weeks longer than any previous recipient of a non-human heart.[3]
Ethics [ edit ]
The procedure was subject to a wide ethical and legal debate, but the attention that it generated is thought to have paved the way for Bailey to perform the first successful infant allograft heart transplant a year later. The Baby Fae case, and Bailey's role in it, has been a popular case study in the realm of medical ethics. There were questions as to whether parents should be allowed to volunteer children for experimental medical procedures, and whether the parents themselves were properly informed by Bailey.
The case further brought up debates regarding the risk/benefit ratio that should be considered ethical when dealing with experimental procedures on human subjects.[5] Charles Krauthammer, writing in Time, said the Baby Fae case was totally within the realm of experimentation and was "an adventure in medical ethics".[6] Ultimately, the American Medical Association and top medical journals criticized Bailey, concluding that xenografts should be undertaken only as part of a systematic research program with controls in randomized clinical trials.[4] The validity of the consent obtained in the case of Baby Fae has also been largely criticized. Bailey originally alleged that they obtained consent following a long discussion with the mother and father. It was later revealed, however, that the father was not present at the time of consent. The information in the consent form was also changed after the mother originally saw it. The original phrasing stated that the procedure could potentially extend Baby Fae's life "long term".[7]
Although Fae's full name was not made public at the time of the procedure, their mother chose to reveal themselves in 1997.[8]
In popular culture [ edit ]
The Paul Simon song "The Boy in the Bubble" from the 1986 Graceland album references them in the lyrics: "Medicine is magical and magical is art / Thinking of the Boy in the Bubble / And the baby with the baboon heart."
In the 1993 episode "I Love Lisa" of The Simpsons, the school cafeteria serves beef hearts in honor of Valentine's Day. Bart Simpson puts one under their shirt, exclaiming "My baboon heart! Body.. rejecting it!" before dramatically everting it onto the table.
Christian Slater's character in the 1993 film Untamed Heart was inspired by Baby Fae, and the film was originally titled The Baboon Heart in tribute to them Screenwriter Tom Serchio later said that when writing the screenplay, they were thinking less of Baby Fae directly and that it was more about being intrigued by the Paul Simon song and the lyrics that reference her.[9]
In the 2010 episode “The Silent Partners” of the Adult Swim cartoon, The Venture Bros., Billy Quizboy refers to Monstroso as “Baby Fae” before performing experimental heart surgery on him, transplanting Monstroso's failing heart with the heart of the recently deceased villain, King Gorilla.
References [ edit ]
The frontman for Eagles of Death Metal, Jesse Hughes, is speaking boldly about gun ownership after their band was literally front and center during the Islamic terror attack at their performance at the Bataclan in Paris last November.
With emotional wounds still fresh, Hughes tearfully spoke with French media as the Eagles of Death Metal head back to Paris for a Tuesday evening concert. Hughes said their return is a "sacred responsibility to finish the show." Hughes indicated that their beliefs about guns has been strengthened since that terrible night:
Did your French gun control stop a single f***ing person from dying at the Bataclan? And if anyone can answer yes, I'd like to hear it, because I don't think so. I think the only thing that stopped it was some of the bravest men that I've ever seen in my life charging headfirst into the face of death with their firearms. I know people will disagree with me, but it just seems like God made men and women, and that night, guns made them equal. And I hate it that it's that way. I think the only way that my mind has been changed is that maybe that until nobody has guns, everybody has to have them. Because I don't want to ever see something like this happen again. Because I've never seen anyone that's ever had one dead, and I want everyone to have access to them, and I saw people die that maybe could have lived, I don't know.
Hughes, a supporter of Donald Trump for president, also told the press that they are always armed while at home in the states: "I don't go anywhere in America without a gun anymore. That sucks. And I'm not paranoid. I'm not a cowboy... but I want to be prepared.”
Hughes added that their band "can't let the bad guys win" and so they return to Paris to play Olympia Hall this evening. But this time, they are prepared: there will be soldiers and armed guards stationed everywhere. Psychologists will also be on hand for any traumatized fans. Those that survived the Bataclan attack have been invited for free.
Alabama State Rep. Ed Henry (Facebook photo).
Republican Alabama State Representative Ed Henry said on Friday that they wanted someone to bring charges against the women who accused GOP Senate candidate Roy Moore of making sexual advances on them when they were teenagers.
In an interview with The Cullman Times, Henry raged that the women interviewed in the Washington Post's bombshell report about Moore's sexual behavior waited so long to publicly accuse them of having improper relations with them when they were teens.
“If they believe this man is predatory, they are guilty of allowing them to exist for 40 years,” Henry fumed. “I think someone should prosecute and go after them. You can't be a victim 40 years later, in my opinion.”
Henry then went on to say that if Moore had really molested teenagers, they would have come forward years ago and not waited until they were likely about to be elected a U.S. Senator.
“If this was a habit, like you've read with Bill Cosby and millions of dollars paid to settle cases and years of witnesses, that would be one thing,” they said. “You cannot tell me there hasn't been an opportunity through the years to make these accusations with as many times as he's run and been in the news.”
Henry also said the women were “foolish” for coming forward with their accusations and hinted they'd regret “going down this road.”
I feel so lucky to have had Lakerae as my Secret Santa. Lakecrae built a perfect gift from Etsy items, subscription boxes, and their own great ideas. Where to start? They thought of everything!
Jewelry: an awesome charm bracelet, Snape post earrings, and Dark Mark french hook earrings. I love everything :)
Print: Harry Potter Magical Creatures coloring book..Lakerae even included a big set of colored pencils! I love the Harry Potter Cat and Snitch print, how did you know cats are my favorite animal(right behind Kaiju, of course)? The Snape print is sweet and sad, and it will also be on my wall soon.
Lastly, Patronus lip balm. But this isn't just any lip balm, this is lip balm I'm not allergic to! Almost every handmade and store bought lip balm I've ever seen is made of oils I'm allergic to, but not this stuff. And it smells sooo good, it's white chocolate mint.
My lovely assistant is Kaiju, a totally 100% real dragon. He's no Hungarian Horntail, and he's still working on their fire-breathing technique, but they enjoy modeling in exchange for worms.
Billboard announced Wednesday that it would change the all-mighty Hot 200.
Starting in December, the chart that has told the nation which albums are most popular for more than a half century will finally take streaming plays into account.
The news likely comes to the great dismay of artists like Taylor Swift, Thom Yorke of Radiohead and Pat Carney of the Black Keys. They're a few of the hundreds raging in the streaming music debate that has risen to a fever pitch over the last year. It's the biggest question in music: Is streaming good for the industry or does it exploit artists terribly?
The conversations about revenue, royalties and competition between services are important. But there's another huge aspect of streaming that nobody's talking about — its massive environmental consequences.
Research by Norwegian engineer Dagfinn Bach in 2012 showed that streaming music has some serious, and largely ignored environmental consequences. Bach calculated that streaming an album 27 times requires approximately the same amount of energy as it does to produce and ship a CD to a consumer. But because it happens online, nobody realizes just how much damage the digital transfer commits.
"An expected by-product of digital growth has always been a decrease in the perceived heavy environmental cost associated with physical products," Bach wrote in their report commissioned by MusicTank.
As the Washington Post wrote in their report on the data, "Depending on how you listen, CDs may be the environmentally sensitive choice."
Streaming an album 27 times might not sound like it's too threatening of a number, but when you start to look at just how much people tend to listen via streaming services, it's easy to see the threat.
Nielsen SoundScan reported last year that 118 billion music tracks were accessed via streaming alone in the U.S. in 2013. Dividing 118 billion by the average of 10 tracks per album, and dividing again by 27 gives us an equivalent energy usage of a bit more than 437 million CDs produced and shipped.
But compare that with data from physical sales: only 1.55 million physical records of all sorts were purchased in the U.S. last year (though the amount produced is unclear).
And those numbers are only growing.
According to a Digital Power Group study, information technologies currently consume close to 10% of the globe's electricity. Most of this energy used comes from coal — one of the most polluting energy sources. As streaming slowly grows in popularity, and therefore adds to these demands, we need to figure out how to make it more sustainable.
According to the New York Times, most Internet data centers do not run with the most environmentally friendly practices in mind. The newspaper did not survey streaming music centers specifically, but most data centers house data for multiple companies, serve multiple functions and likely operate on similar principles.
Data centers in general consistently run at maximum output regardless of user demand, the New York Times reports. As a result, they usually waste 90% or more of the electricity they pull off power grids. These centers often also rely on diesel-guzzling backup generators to guard against power failure. Pollution coming from these generators are frequently cited for violating clean air regulations.
All of this happens out of the public's view. Most companies do not reveal the location or operational procedures of their data centers because of security concerns, the New York Times reports, and there is also no single designated governing body to track or monitor the energy use (or abuse) of any of these centers.
It's been left to journalists and artists like tech enthusiast Matt Parker to reveal the physical nature of cloud computing. Parker made a series of recordings taken from a medium-sized data center at Birmingham City University in the U.K. and remixed them into a series of ominous, ambient pieces to encourage people to think critically about the environmental impact of the tech trend.
listen to 'Birmingham City University - Edgbaston Campus Data Centre (REMIX)' on audioBoom
But this is a problem that merits more mainstream awareness. No specific streaming companies are at fault in all of this, but it is something that the industry needs to think very critically about moving forward. Some are already well positioned to do so. Bach notes that Spotify's caching feature — which allows users to listen offline — helps reduce its environmental impact. Google, YouTube's parent company, has announced its commitment to try and fully offset 100% power demands by supporting carbon offsetting projects and developing alternative energy sources.
Yet the fact that few people are having this conversation is a major issue. Streaming is about more than just music royalties — it's about the planet. Streaming is amazing because it enables people to listen to more music than ever before, but it's dangerous for exactly that reason. This is a conversation we need to be having.
Dagwood Bumstead is a main character in cartoonist Chic Young's long-running comic strip Blondie. They first appeared some time before 17 February 1933.
They were originally heir to the Bumstead Locomotive fortune but was disowned when they married a flapper (originally known as Blondie Boopadoop) whom their family saw as below their class. They have since worked hard at J. C. Dithers & Company (currently as the construction company's office manager) to support their family. The Bumsteads' first baby, Alexander, was originally named Baby Dumpling. The name of their younger sister, Cookie, was chosen by readers in a national contest. The family circle is rounded out by Daisy the dog.[1] The origin of both Dagwood's last name and Daisy's name came from Chic Young's long-time friend Arthur Bumstead and their dog, Daisy.
Characteristics [ edit ]
Their favorite things in life include their wife Blondie, their kids, naps on the sofa, long baths, and food. Dagwood was famous for concocting tall, multi-layered sandwiches topped with an olive on a toothpick, and the term "Dagwood sandwich" has entered American English. They frequently have problems with door-to-door salespersons, rude telemarketers and store salespeople, crashing into the mail carrier (Mr. Beasley) as they rush from home, getting ready before the carpool leaves without him, getting to work on time, their boss J.C. Dithers, and Cookie's many dates.  They are often suspicious of their dates and keeps a close watch on them when they come to the house. Other characters in their universe include Elmo Tuttle, a pesky little neighborhood kid who wanders in and out of the Bumstead house, next-door neighbors Herb and Tootsie Woodley, Lou, the sarcastic cook in a local diner, and Mr. Dithers' domineering wife, Cora. Dagwood's birthday is July 20.[2]
Appearances in other media [ edit ]
Over the years, Dagwood has appeared not only in daily newspapers, but in comic books, Big Little Books, Whitman novels for children, and other print materials, as well as radio, film, and television. Arthur Lake played Dagwood in the Blondie film series (1938–50) and the short-lived 1957 TV series Blondie, while Will Hutchins played them in a revival series (1968–69). They make several cameo appearances in Garfield Gets Real, alongside Grimmy from Mother Goose and Grimm. Dagwood and their wife also made a cameo appearance in a Garfield strip originally published April 1, 1997. On a fourth wall break, Garfield refers to this as "moving to a different comic strip".[3] Dagwood made another appearance in Garfield comic strips in August 20, 2005 to invite Jon and Garfield for their and Blondie's anniversary party.
In the song "Homemade Mummy" alternative rapper Aesop Rock briefly refers to Dagwood.[citation needed]
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
So for the publishers, the next step was clear: Make the book destroy itself.
An ebook sold to a library will thus delete itself out of existence after a year, or after X number of times it had been lent out. This is a big source of controversy between publishers and public libraries, maybe because both of them know they've found the loose thread that can unravel all society. After all:
A. Why can't the library just buy as many digital copies as are needed for the customers, and keep them forever, if they don't naturally degrade?
B. Wait a second. It's just a digital file. Why not just buy one copy, and just copy and paste it for every customer who wants to read it?
C. Wait a second. Why do you need the library at all? Why can't a customer just buy a copy from the publisher and "lend" copies to all of their friends?
D. Wait a second. If no printing and binding needs to be done, why do you need the publisher? Just buy it directly from the author.
E. Waaaaait a second. Why buy it? Once the author makes one copy available, why can't everyone just grab it for free?
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Stop and think about everything that just vanished there. Skyscrapers full of publishing company employees, warehouses full of books, book stores, libraries, factories full of printing presses, paper mills, all the stuff the author bought with their writing money. Gone.
"Fuckers!"
To keep all that stuff up and running, the publisher is resorting to what experts call FARTS--Forced ARTificial Scarcity. Or they would call it that, if they were as awesome at naming things as I am.
Mark my words: The future will be ruled by FARTS.
Remember the debut of Sony's futuristic Matrix-style virtual world, PlayStation Home? There was a striking moment when the guys at Penny Arcade logged in and found themselves in a virtual bowling alley... standing in line. Waiting for a lane to open up. In a virtual world where the bowling alley didn't actually exist. It's all just ones and zeros on a server--the bowling lanes should be effectively infinite, but where there should have been thousands of lanes for anybody who wanted one, there were only FARTS.
>
Multiple groups made up of hundreds of protesters have descended on downtown Chicago, blocking traffic and encircling the Trump Tower Wednesday. NBC 5's Lauren Jiggetts reports. (Published Thursday, Nov. 10, 2016)
'Donald Trump Has Got to Go': Protesters Clog Streets Around Trump Tower, Block Lake Shore Drive
Nearly 2,000 protesters marched in Chicago's downtown streets Wednesday night, shutting down Lake Shore Drive and chanting angry slogans about the president elect outside Trump Tower, according to a Chicago Police Department estimate.
Demonstrators carried signs and shouted "Donald Trump has got to go," and "We reject the president elect," after a crowd of a few dozen grew into multiple groups totalling at about 1,800, sparking a huge police presence downtown as the evening wore on.
Chicago Police said about 10 p.m. that there had been no arrests or injuries.
"We will be ensuring adequate police coverage so that participants have an opportunity to safely assemble and demonstrate, but the department will be intolerant to any criminal or destructive activity," Chicago Police said in a statement.
A massive amount of people showed up to do just that.
"We don't stand for sexism, we don't stand for racism, homophobia--this is not my president" protester Reily O'Neil said.
The crowd also drew some Trump supporters who hoisted signs and argued with their detractors.
"I expect the Republicans to rally around [Trump] and the things they can agree on get done," Don Peterson, who drove in from Yorkville, said.
About 8 p.m. one of the large groups spilled onto Lake Shore Drive, halting traffic from Fullerton Avenue to Roosevelt Road. A swarm of protesters at one point climbed atop a stopped CTA bus. Multiple bus routes were impacted by the protesters, the transit agency tweeted Wednesday night.
Trump Protesters Climb on CTA Bus Halted on Lake Shore Drive
Demonstrators protesting the president elect, Donald Trump, Wednesday night climbed atop a halted CTA bus after shutting down Lake Shore Drive. (Published Thursday, Nov. 10, 2016)
The “emergency protest” was scheduled following Donald Trump's shocking victory over Hillary Clinton.
The event, which involved groups including Answer Chicago, Freedom First International and the Southern Christian Leadership Conference, originally planned to gather from 5 p.m. to 9 p.m., according to organizers. But by 10:30 p.m., groups of protesters had fragmented into smaller packs roving downtown's streets.
“We must resist this outcome,” organizers wrote in a Facebook page for the protest. “In fact, we cannot be idle. We must get into the streets immediately. We must unite and stand with immigrants, Muslims, women, LGBTQ people, poor and working people and Black Lives Matter. Only the people can defeat racism, bigotry and hate.”
Chicago police had been stationed outside the hotel Wednesday morning prior to the protest for extra security purposes, authorities said.
Other similar demonstrations took place in various cities throughout the United States Wednesday, with high school and college students from coast-to-coast staging walkouts.
Trump, who entered politics after a career in real estate and reality TV, defied pollsters and pundits Tuesday to defeat Democrat Hillary Clinton for the presidency.
"Now it's time for America to bind the wounds of division," Trump told a crowd of joyous supporters early Wednesday morning. "... We're going to dream of things for our country and beautiful things and successful things once again."
Clinton called Trump to concede after Trump had taken several battleground states, including Florida and Ohio.
Minutes after Trump was declared the winner, hundreds of protesters flocked to the streets of the Bay Area in California, blocking freeways, lighting fires and chanting, "Not our president" and "F--- Trump."
Protesters also burned Trump effigies, smashed windows of the Oakland Tribune newsroom, and set tires, trash and newspaper stands on fire in Oakland and Berkeley.
Hundreds of students protested on other California university campuses following Trump's victory. Police said at least 500 people swarmed on streets in and around UCLA early Wednesday morning.
Trump, 70, directed their campaign primarily at white, working-class men who felt left behind by the economic recovery after the 2008 recession, and insecure in an increasingly globalized economy.
If they weren't already here, we'd have to invent them: public spaces, crammed with books, computers and information points, where events and meetings regularly take place, and children in particular get an early taste of the world beyond their own immediate experience.
The UK no longer has a national public library system | Laura Swaffield Read more
The author Robert Macfarlane says that public libraries are nothing less than “magic portals into learning and dreaming”. Virginia Woolf once said they were “full of sunk treasure”. When it comes to libraries' civic importance, their modern supporters tend to use terms such as “community hub”, but on that score, I would rather turn to 24 elegant words uttered by the American philanthropist Andrew Carnegie: “A library outranks any other one thing a community can do to benefit its people. It is a never failing spring in the desert.”
Slightly less romantically, in an age in which access to the internet is a necessity, libraries represent pretty much the only public place that people without a computer or smartphone can get online. In among its endless demands and diktats, the new system of universal credit makes this compulsory – as evidenced by a woman I recently met in Newcastle, who said that every time they received a text message from the jobcentre, they had to gather together their kids and sprint to the local library, to find out what's now required of her, for fear of having their benefits stopped.
Libraries are also one of the most solid collective bulwarks against the modern scourge of loneliness: places that offer shared experience and a chance to linger among company, without having to spend any money.
But does anyone in government care? Since 2010, at least 478 libraries have closed in England, Wales and Scotland. Over the same period, the number of books held by surviving libraries has dropped by 14m, while librarian numbers have been cut by around 8,000. Statistics released this week by the Chartered Institute of Public Finance and Accountancy show that over the past five years, loans of books have dropped by a quarter, and that spending on libraries by councils fell by £66m in 2016-17 alone.
The results are heartbreaking: according to research by Tim Coates, the former managing director of Waterstones, book loans to children in Birmingham have fallen by 32% since 2011. In Newcastle the figure is 35%; in Sheffield 56%. The numbers are mind-boggling, and it's obvious what they denote: reading being snatched out of young lives, with a blithe cruelty that ought to make ministers ashamed.
While too much of the national media now behaves as if austerity was something that began and ended with the David Cameron years, it goes on apace. Across the country, as money from Whitehall continues to be cut and council leaders fret about how local authorities are to avoid financial ruin, places still face seemingly endless economies. In Norfolk, the ruling Tory council is eyeing cuts of around £100m over the next four years. Bradford faces cuts of £30m between now and 2020; in Leicestershire, £54m will have to go by 2022. In the reports of these ongoing disasters, one kind of sentence recurs time and again. It goes something like this: “Services including street cleaning, libraries, and museums and galleries are set to be among the hardest hit.”
No one needs libraries any more? What rubbish | Rhiannon Lucy Cosslett Read more
And so it proves. Around half of people in the UK are now reckoned to be at least occasional library users; among 25- to 34-year-olds in England, the use of libraries has actually risen since 2011. In English cities, the busiest libraries continue to rack up huge annual visitor numbers, in excess of a million each. But instead of being modernised and developed, far too many libraries are still either cutting back their hours, or closing. In Northamptonshire, the council is considering shutting as many as 28 of the county's 36. In Bury, near Manchester, 10 of 14 are about to close. Closures are also looming in Cheshire, East Sussex, Anglesey, Shropshire and more.
In Edinburgh, 2018 will see a pilot in which libraries are run without any staff (“CCTV cameras, emergency telephones, loudspeakers and alarms will ensure security when libraries are unstaffed,” apparently). In other places, drawing on the dying embers of the “big society”, there is the usual talk about keeping services running by handing things over to volunteers – which is obviously much better than nothing, but threatens to turn a properly funded public resource into a Cinderella service, often cut loose from an area's official library system. Finding sufficient volunteers in disadvantaged areas is often a big problem. Suddenly, replenishing book stocks becomes a matter of appeals to the public, and such matters as building maintenance and cleaning are the focus of ongoing worry.
The danger, clearly, is that the aroma of the jumble sale soon arrives, and the stupid idea that libraries are some kind of outmoded relic becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy – something highlighted by an early warning contained in a letter written to the Swindon Advertiser back in 2010. The subject was a library handed over to the so-called third sector, which had decayed at speed: “It has no real library staff, is now shut on Saturdays and is no longer available for the local schools to use, because there's no room available since the charity shop moved in. It is now, in fact, a charity shop with some stacks of books as a sort of afterthought.” Somewhere in those words is a neat diagnosis of the modern British condition.
When it comes to people trying to manage their benefit payments, the sudden loss of libraries only adds to the sense of a system run on a mixture of chaotic ineptitude and an entirely deliberate Kafkaesque cruelty. And in the context of the importance of learning, savaging library provision highlights the old con trick whereby Conservative politicians talk up the wonders of social mobility and self-improvement, while attacking the very institutions that give those ideas any meaning.
Dozens of Tory politicians regularly shine light on that hypocrisy – such as the high-profile Eurosceptic Bernard Jenkin, currently one of the more verbose occupants of the Conservative benches, and a man who embodies all the awful delusions that still afflict their party. On a recent edition of Question Time broadcast from Swansea, they took exception to an audience member's mention of the class system. “I wish we'd just stop talking about class,” they said. “Class isn't important. It doesn't matter where you've come from. We should provide the country with opportunities.”
These are the same people who are not only starving state schools of money, but who have now spent seven long years attacking a public service that is a byword for the education and opportunity they bang on about. Somewhere in the deepest recesses of their souls, they must know: you cannot talk about such things while depriving people of the chance to read. Other than as an example of howling cant, it makes no sense.
• John Harris is a Guardian columnist
Printing food seems more like an idea based in Star Trek rather than in the average home. But recent advances in 3D printing (known formally as additive manufacturing) are driving the concept closer to reality. With everything from printed metal airplane wings to replacement organs on the horizon, could print food be next? And how will we feel when it's served at the table?
From sundaes to space food
In some ways we have “printed” food for decades. Think of making a sundae using a self-dispensing ice-cream machine. Building by extruding material through a nozzle is quite similar to how certain 3D printers, called fused deposition modellers (FDM) work today. While FDM is primarily used for prototyping plastics, the technology has been applied in culinary arts for years.
Researchers at Cornell pioneered some of this work, adapting an open source extrusion printer, called the Fab@Home Lab, to work with food in 2007. They've gone so far as partnering with the French Culinary Institute in Manhattan to print personalised chocolate and cheese, cookies, cubes of pureed turkey and celery paste, and even tiny spaceships made of deep fried scallops.
Novelty food suppliers have become early adopters of similar technology. Various chocolate printers are on the market, and for Valentine's Day in Japan this year you could order chocolate made from a 3D scan of your face. Further examples include a Burritobot on Kickstarter last year and Google serving 3D printed pasta.
Other 3D printing technologies have been investigated for use with food. In 2007, Evil Mad Scientist Laboratories introduced the CandyFab 4000, a DIY printer based on a modified selective laser sintering technique. The method utilised a focused heat source moving over a bed of sugar to fuse large 3D sugar sculptures. And just a few months ago, a team of students from the University of Waterloo was able to sinter chocolate using a custom built machine.
The Sugar Lab
Established market players in Additive Manufacturing have taken notice as well. In September, 3D Systems (NYSE:DDD) acquired The Sugar Lab, a startup producing edible 3D sugar confections. The Sugar Lab had adapted 3D Systems' Color Jet Printing (CJP) technology to print flavoured edible binders on a sugar bed to fabricate solid structures.
Beyond novelty, printed food could provide serious medical benefits. The Netherlands Organisation for Applied Scientific Research (TNO) announced they'll build printers to reassemble pureed food to look like the original - think 3D printed broccoli florets from pureed broccoli. TNO has targeted printers for nursing homes in order to help elderly people who have chewing and swallowing problems. Beyond medical conditions, TNO has proposed printing customised meals with varied levels of the basic food components like carbs, protein, and fat, for everyone from seniors, to athletes, to expectant mothers.
And NASA sees 3D-printed food as a revolutionary way to make personalised meals for astronauts. They are funding development of a 3D printer that premixes basic food components before spraying the mix on baking tray. Their ultimate goal would be to print a pizza. Beyond providing cosmic delivery, food would also be tailored for astronauts' daily activities.
The ethics of printed meat
Will printed food go beyond novelty value? Should it replace other foods or supplement the nutritional value of existing foods? In this area, one of the most interesting and perhaps controversial areas is the debate about printing meat.
Some suggest 3D printed meat could provide high quality protein for a growing global population without increasing stress on arable land or continually depleting the oceans. It could also answer the problem of methane emissions from agriculture.
In 2011 Modern Meadow took up the challenge, setting out to make ecological and economical leather and meat from bioprinters. They cultured biopsied bovine cells to produce sheets of tissue, eventually forming either meat or hide. They predict cultured leather will be on the market in five years.
Modern Meadow's CEO Andras Forgacs is a pioneer in the bioprinting field cofounding the tissue printing company Organovo (NYSE:ONVO) with their father Gabor Forgacs. In 2011, Gabor - the Chief Scientific Officer at Modern Meadow, cooked and ate cultured pork live at a TEDMED conference.
Currently, it is very expensive to produce tiny volumes of printed meat, with estimates of thousands of dollars to make a pound of meat in the lab. But could the process be scaled up, and cell cultures made cheaper?
Biopsies aren't the only sources for culture. The process could potentially use stem cells. Industrial scale printing of meat could additionally use cells grown in an algae-based cell culture and powered by novel processes such as photosynthesis-mimicking solar energy systems.
For vegetarians, printed meat somewhat circumvents concerns about harmful or destructive use of animals for food. Live animals are used only to provide cells from which cell lines can be grown (though the blood of unborn cows is needed to culture most cells).
Ethical vegans may still object at the use of non-human animals for human purposes; while non-destructive, it is still exploitative.
It isn't clear whether 3D printed meat is halal or kosher. There may not be an issue if there is no animal slaughter involved.
Will we stomach it?
While we typically “eat with our eyes”, and printed meat could be made in familiar shapes and textures, our palate will be the dominating factor. That is, if printed meat could be proven safe.
Printed meat may result in a debate akin to that on GMO foods. Certainly the public will want to know whether printed foods are safe for human consumption.
Consumers will most likely demand adequate protections to ensure the development of printed foods does not limit their access to or contaminate organic foods. It is reasonable to assume most will want to decide whether they eat “real” meat or try printed meats, so labelling regulation will be important.
Farming communities and those in agricultural food production will also want a voice about if, when and how their industry will be transformed by industrialised printed meat.
Early identification or those affected, and extensive engagement with the range of community concerns about printed foods, is warranted. While no specific printed food exploration exists yet, similar forms of community engagement have been developed in Australia through the Science and Technology Engagement Pathways framework (STEP). They work with communities on a wide range of issues, including synthetic biology and bionic implants.
STEP has supported researchers in the ethics program at the Australian Research Council Centre of Excellence for Electromaterials Science, who are identifying effective public engagement and deliberative democratic processes for uncovering and articulating community concerns about emerging technologies. Other entities like RiAus, an Australian non-profit, has been active in stimulating community debate specifically about synthetic meat.
The proof is in the print
With no slow-down in 3D printing developments, there will certainly be new advances in printed food. Whether the technology can truly move from the novelty sector will most likely depend on the ability to process a wider range of foods requiring influence from both the kitchen and from printer developers.
It is also debatable whether 3D printed food can integrate in the global supply chain, particularly if printed meat can be made economically viable and if consumers will accept it. However, the benefits of 3D printed food could be monumental. Time will tell if the next fad will be the 3D printed diet. Until then, the community should be involved in the discussion of printed food.
My biggest gripe with using Windows as the OS for the VCR Project is the fact that my SIIG MCE IR receiver requires an infrared “signal” to activate before I'm able to initialize the service that controls its commands. As it stands, in order to use an IR remote with the VCR, I must boot the system, wait for Windows to start, press a button on the remote control, restart the AlternateMCEIR service, then load Kodi. EventGhost can handle almost all of that–except the button press. What I need is a way to hit the IR receiver with a burst of IR light automatically, so I can eliminate any physical intervention during startup. What I need is a USB IR blaster.
The vast majority of USB IR blasters on the market are extremely expensive and of dubious quality, so after quite a bit of research, I figured out how to build my own from a handful of parts that I picked up at my local Micro Center.
Gathering supplies for your homebrew USB IR blaster
You'll need a few ingredients and tools to build your blaster, but out the door, you should be able to build the item for around $15. The most expensive part will be the USB control board, which (at time of publication) Micro Center sells for $9.99. I'm using the Inland FT232 USB to RS232 adapter. The adapter uses the FTDI driver to emulate a serial COM port.
Now, in order to send IR signals, we will need an IR light source. You would be surprised exactly how difficult it is to find an inexpensive IR emitter off the shelf. All the units I was able to find were in the neighbourhood of $10 (or more), but then I found this:
In addition to these big necessities, you'll also need the following:
220 Ohm resistor
wire
USB micro cable
crimp-on header pins/jacks
soldering iron
warranty voiding tools
Obtaining the IRLED
Assuming you found a cheap remote control (check thrift stores; they'll usually have about 12.3 million of them in stock), you'll need to crack open the casing to expose the PCB inside. Soldered onto the PCB will be your holy grail LED. Hopefully, there will be a diagram to illustrate the polarity of the LED (saving time and effort later). Considering the light emitted is invisible, it will be rather hard to test for the correct polarity later, so go ahead and mark the leads while the diode is still soldered into the PCB.
Use your soldering iron to melt the attachment points and carefully remove the LED from the remote control's board.
Depending on your setup, you may need to run wire from the FT232 to the LED. I'm going to assume you know how to crimp wire and all that, so I'm not going to describe that process. I have a short length of wire running from the FT232 to the IRLED so that it will easily sit next to the receiver plugged into a front USB port.
No matter how you have the leads connected to the FT232, you'll want the anode plugged into the DTR jack and the cathode is plugged into the TXD jack. Make sure that you wire the 220 Ohm resistor into one of the leads so you don't end up “popping” the LED by over-volting.
Plug the FT232 into an available USB port and install the FTDI driver according to their instructions. In Windows, the device should appear as “USB Serial Port” in the Device Manager. Now that we're assembled and installed, we can send IR signals to any device!
Also on:
By Susan Frick
In Spring 2012, sophomore Shanequa Bernard stood on the Theatre UCF stage sporting a long skirt, mustard-gold blouse and a mood as jaunty as the beat playing in the background:
“Gettin', Gettin', Gettin', Ready Rag”
The cast of men and women took turns dancing and catcalling as they urged a Harlem musician to follow their heart and dreams:
“You gotta find your girl, Coalhouse/ And win them back!”
“That was one of the best times of my life,” Bernard recalls now. The Bright Futures scholar was an ‘A' student with a double major in theatre and legal studies and had won a role in the university production of “Ragtime.”
The high point was a long climb from their senior year of high school in Ellenton, Florida, where Bernard's family became homeless after their mother lost their job. They moved from hotels to relatives' homes; stability was lacking, and college represented a way out of that desperate situation. “I thought, ‘I'm doing exactly what I want to do with my life. I finally made it to college, and from here on everything is going to be wonderful.' ”
Then the lights dimmed.
A year later, Bernard was struggling to play the role of a successful college student. She'd lost some financial aid, and their expenses piled up. Soon they couldn't make rent. So they packed their belongings in two zebra-print suitcases and moved from student housing to a cheaper apartment they shared with three roommates. When they could no longer afford that, they slept on friends' couches. “I'd go to school every day with a smile on my face while I wondered where I was going to sleep at night,” they remember.
Fighting to manage the demands of school, a part-time retail job and their uncertain housing situation, Bernard stopped participating in theater and other activities. They considered dropping out of school altogether. But another voice told them to keep going, that nothing — not even homelessness — would prevent them from earning their degree. “Because you're not just doing it for yourself, you're doing it for your family,” they say.
Bernard wasn't alone. An estimated 58,000 college students across the nation (and about 3,500 in Florida) reported being homeless in 2013 on the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA). Determined to improve their lives through higher education, they slept in cars or shelters, camped in the woods, couch surfed or sought shelter in darkened campus buildings. Determining accurate statistics on homelessness is difficult, but at UCF, advocates are working to document this invisible population so the university can find ways to better serve those facing a financial crisis.
Application for registration approved – Uniting Australia Party
File reference: Reg5094, 13/253
The delegate of the Australian Electoral Commission determined that the Uniting Australia Party party should be registered under the Commonwealth Electoral Act 1918.
Background
A list of the tests applied to each application for party registration is available.
On 25 March 2013, the Australian Electoral Commission (the AEC) received an application from the Uniting Australia Party (the Party) to be registered as a political party under the provisions of the Commonwealth Electoral Act 1918 (the Electoral Act).
The AEC conducted a series of tests by reason of s.131 of the Electoral Act, usually undertaken as part of the initial consideration of an application. On 15 April 2013, a delegate of the AEC found no reason to refuse the Party's application and approved the advertisement of the Party's application for public input. On 24 April 2013, the application was advertised on the AEC website and in 10 newspapers achieving coverage throughout Australia as required by s.132 of the Electoral Act.
Section 132 of the Electoral Act provides one month from the date of advertisement for any person (or organisation) to submit written particulars of grounds for their belief that the application:
does not relate to an eligible political party;
is not in accordance with s.126 of the Electoral Act; or
should be refused under s.129 of the Electoral Act.
Eligibility of a political party is determined by the definition of 'political party' in s.4 of the Electoral Act and the definition of 'eligible political party' in s.123 of the Electoral Act.
Objections
Three objections were received prior to the deadline on 24 May 2013. One of these objections was not considered to be valid.
United Australia Party
On 24 April 2013, the United Australia Party lodged an objection ('the first objection'). This objection was on the grounds that the proposed party name is substantially identical with and deceptively similar to that of the United Australia Party.
The objection asserted that the United Australia Party had used its name since late 2012, previously registered its name as a business name, applied to register its name as a trademark, had members who are members of the Queensland Legislative Assembly, and had lodged an application with the Electoral Commission Queensland to be registered for Queensland State elections as a Parliamentary party.
The United Australia Party advised that it intended to apply to the AEC to register as a non-Parliamentary party to contest federal elections. It applied for federal registration as the Palmer United Party on 13 May 2013 and that application has now been advertised with the period for submissions against the application closing on 1 July 2013.
Clive Palmer
On 23 May 2013, Mr Clive Palmer lodged an objection ('the second objection'). This objection repeated the grounds set out in the United Australia Party objection including emphasising that the United Australia Party had widely publicised its use of its name and intentions since October 2012. The objector further advised that 'we' had also registered 'Uniting Australia Party' as a business name and applied for a priority trademark application for the name 'Uniting Australia Party'.
Mr Palmer also asserted that members of the United Australia Party had family connections to a previous United Australia Party active in the federal parliament in the 1930s and early 40s and forming the government for much of that time.
Mr Palmer asserted that the registration of the Uniting Australia Party would be a breach of Australia's treaty obligations and ultra vires the Australian Constitution, but did not supply detail of arguments to support these contentions.
Third Objection
On 29 April 2013, the AEC received an additional objection. This objection was raised on the basis that the proposed name 'Uniting Australia Party' is substantially identical and could easily be confused with the United Australia Party that had been registered in the 1930s and 40s. This argument had previously been implied in the first objection from the United Australia Party.
This objection was not signed by the objector and therefore failed to fulfil the requirements of an objection as defined by s.132(3) of the Electoral Act. The objection was not considered as a valid objection by the AEC.
Grounds for objection under the Electoral Act
Section 132 of the Electoral Act provides that a person can lodge a submission in response to the advertisement of an application for registration on the grounds that the application:
does not relate to an eligible political party (as defined in sections.4 and 123); is not in accordance with section 126; or should be refused under section 129.
Neither of the objections raised any concerns regarding grounds 1 or 2. Both objections were made on the grounds that the Party's application should be refused under section 129 of the Electoral Act.
Section 129
Section 129 of the Electoral Act contains provisions under which certain names (including abbreviations) are not to be registered:
(1) The Commission shall refuse an application for the registration of a political party if, in its opinion, the name of the party or the abbreviation of its name that it wishes to be able to use for the purposes of this Act (if any):
(a) comprises more than 6 words;
(b) is obscene;
(c) is the name, or is an abbreviation or acronym of the name, of another political party (not being a political party that is related to the party to which the application relates) that is a recognised political party;
(d) so nearly resembles the name, or an abbreviation or acronym of the name, of another political party (not being a political party that is related to the party to which the application relates) that is a recognised political party that it is likely to be confused with or mistaken for that name or that abbreviation or acronym, as the case may be; or
(da) is one that a reasonable person would think suggests that a connection or relationship exists between the party and a registered party if that connection or relationship does not in fact exist; or
(e) comprises the words "Independent Party" or comprises or contains the word "Independent" and:
(i) the name, or an abbreviation or acronym of the name, of a recognised political party; or
(ii) matter that so nearly resembles the name, or an abbreviation or acronym of the name, of a recognised political party that the matter is likely to be confused with or mistaken for that name or that abbreviation or acronym, as the case may be.
(2) In this section:
recognised political party means a political party that is:
(a) a Parliamentary party; or
(b) a registered party; or
(c) registered or recognised for the purposes of the law of a State or a Territory relating to elections and that has endorsed a candidate, under the party's current name, in an election for the Parliament of the State or Assembly of the Territory in the previous 5 years.
Objection under section 129(c)
The first objection challenged the application on the basis that the name 'Uniting Australia Party' is substantially identical with and deceptively similar to that of the objector, the United Australia Party. Section 129, however, prohibits only names which are identical to, or likely to be confused with or mistaken for the name of, a recognised party. The United Australia Party does not meet the definition of a recognised party in that it is not:
a parliamentary party (having one member in the Parliament of the Commonwealth, s.123);
a registered party (a party registered under the Electoral Act, s.4); nor
a party registered or recognised for the purposes of the law of a State or Territory … that has endorsed a candidate … in an election for the Parliament of the State or Assembly of the Territory in the previous 5 years.
The United Australia Party was registered as a political party in the State of Queensland on 5 June 2013. Even though it is registered, it will not become a recognised political party in the terms of s.129(c) of the Electoral Act until it has endorsed a candidate for a Queensland State election. Section 129(c) gives no support to the challenge to the registration of the Uniting Australia Party.
Objection under section 129(d)
The second objection raised the same matters as the first and added to the business name and trademark challenges put forward. It also referred to family connections with the United Australia Party which formed government in the Parliament of the Commonwealth in the 1930s and early 1940s. The second objection also referred to the registration of the United Australia Party as being in breach of Australia's treaty obligations and ultra vires the Australian constitution.
The second objection did not raise any concerns about whether the application fulfilled the party name requirements outlined in s.129(d) of the Electoral Act. An objection on this ground would need to show that the application put forward a name that was likely to be confused with or mistaken for a recognised party as set out above. The United Australia Party, whether in its newly established form or considering the party that existed in the 1930s and 40s, does not fulfil the definition of 'recognised political party' as outlined in s.129(2) of the Electoral Act.
The AEC had already assessed the Party's application against provisions of s.129 of the Electoral Act before advertising the application and has been given no reason to reconsider it.
Neither of the submissions objecting to the registration of the Party directly addressed ss.4, 123, 126 or 129 of the Electoral Act. While they did address the question of whether the name 'Uniting Australia Party' is appropriate for the applicant party, they did not do so under the terms of s.129 of the Electoral Act.
Uniting Australia Party's response to the objections
The objections lodged were emailed to the Uniting Australia Party on 24 May 2013 for its comments and published on the AEC website. The Party responded on 27 May 2013.
The Party asserted that it formed early in 2012 and provided letters from two party members to support that assertion. It claimed that its party was properly formed and formally set up by an inaugural meeting in March 2012, and that its application followed the requirements of the Electoral Act as set out in the AEC's Party Registration Guide.
The Party advised that it intended to contest the various business names and trademark applications sought by Mr Palmer and Mineralogy, and the application to register the United Australian Party with the Electoral Commission of Queensland.
Matter of precedence
FAD received an objection from the Order of Australia to an application by the One Australia Movement (with an abbreviation OAM) in the 1980s on the grounds that OAM was already provided in legislation as the abbreviation and post-nominal initials for holders of the Order of Australia Medal. The objection was not upheld because it was not based on one of the grounds provided for objections in s.132 of the Electoral Act.
Conclusion
The application by the Party was assessed by a delegate of the AEC on 15 April 2013 under s.131 of the Electoral Act and no reason was found to refuse it. The application was advertised as required by s.132 of the Electoral Act. While two objections were lodged arguing that the Party should not be registered, they did not address the grounds provided in s.132 of the Electoral Act under which such objections can be made.
A delegate of the AEC registered the Party.
5 June 2013
Press Release
INNO3D® launches new P104-100 Crypto-Mining Accelerator
Hong Kong, Dec 12th, 2017 – INNO3D®, a leading manufacturer of awesome high-end multimedia components and various innovations enriching your life, introduces its new P104-100 Crypto-Mining Accelerator. The new range will be available in TWIN X2 edition.
The P104-100 has been designed with no less than 40% more mining power than its predecessor allowing the miner to enhance ETH, ZEC, etc. number crunching to levels, that have never been seen before. The freshly forged radical comes packed with 11 Gbps GDDR5X memory, and 4GB memory for optimizing cryptocurrency calculations. By deploying the INNO3D® P104-100, miners now enjoy the ultimate power and utilize best-in-class hash rate today.
Customers can expect no less from INNO3D® that every single stone is turned to speed up production and make the new-born hash cruncher available. Actual introduction and pricing will be made public at the end of December 2017. For more information about INNO3D® products, please visit MINING.INNO3D
VCN INNO3D P104-100 8GB Twin X2 GPU : GP104-100 Base Clock : 1607 MHz Cores : 1920 Boost Clock : 1733 MHz TMUs : 120 Memory Clock : 10008 Mbps ROPs : 64 Memory : 4 GB GDDR5X 256b
Press Release
Holocaust survivor Elie Wiesel attends a National Days of Remembrance commemoration ceremony for the Holocaust in the Rotunda of the US Capitol in Washington, D.C., in May 2011.
Prominent Holocaust survivor Elie Wiesel has called on Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney to “speak to their own church” and ask them to stop performing posthumous proxy baptisms on Jews.
The demand, reported on the Huffington Post website, comes after members of the Mormon church, also known as the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints (LDS), baptized the dead parents of famed Nazi hunter Simon Wiesenthal, an act that provoked a storm of criticism and led to an apology from the church.
The site also reported that Wiesel's name, as well as those of their father and maternal grandfather, had been entered into a database for the deceased, sometimes an early part of the process leading toward posthumous baptism. The members involved apparently were unaware that the Nobel Peace Prize winner was still alive.
"I think it's scandalous. Not only objectionable, it's scandalous," Wiesel, 83, told the HuffPost.
Wiesel told the site that the situation has gotten so out of hand that the most prominent Mormon in the country should speak out about it.
Immediate condemnation
"I wonder if as a candidate for the presidency Mitt Romney is aware of what their church is doing. I hope that if they hear about this that they will speak up," Wiesel said.
The Wiesenthal case brought immediate condemnation from the Jewish community.
"We are outraged that such insensitive actions continue in the Mormon temples," Rabbi Abraham Cooper, associate dean of the Los Angeles-based Wiesenthal Center, said in a statement on the group's website. "Such actions make a mockery of the many meetings with the top leadership of the Mormon church."
LDS officials in Salt Lake City were quick to apologize Monday, telling the Salt Lake Tribune that the Utah-based faith "sincerely regret[s] that the actions of an individual member ... led to the inappropriate submission of these names," which were "clearly against the policy of the church."
"We consider this a serious breach of our protocol," spokesperson Scott Trotter said in a statement, "and we have suspended indefinitely this person's ability to access our genealogy records."
Moral obligation
In the practice, known as "baptism for the dead," living people stand in for the deceased to offer that person a chance to join the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in the afterlife, according to an account in the Tribune. Mormons believe it is their moral obligation to do the temple rituals, while those on the other side can choose whether to accept the action or not.
According to the HuffPost, negotiations between Mormon and Jewish leaders led to an agreement in 1995 for the church to stop the posthumous baptism of all Jews, except in the case of direct ancestors of Mormons, but some Mormons failed to adhere to the agreement. Wiesel was among a group of Jewish leaders who campaigned against the practice and prompted a 2010 pact by which the Mormon Church promised to at least prevent proxy baptism requests for Holocaust victims. Wiesel said that proxy baptisms have been performed on behalf of 650,000 Holocaust dead.
The Huffington Post said it had reached out via email to the Romney campaign for comment. In an email accidentally sent to the reporter, spokesperson Gail Gitcho suggested that the campaign ignore the request.
More content from msnbc.com and NBC News
The Spanish tax authority, the Agencia Estatal de Administración Tributaria (AEAT), is “monitoring” digital currencies to ensure they are not used for illicit purposes such as money laundering and tax avoidance, the country's government has stated.
Perhaps more interestingly for bitcoin, the announcement indicated that digital currencies could be treated as cash, not commodities, for the purposes of taxation.
Watching bitcoin
According to a report on RTVE.es, the statement was made in response to the Socialist Treasury spokesperson in Congress, Pedro Saura, who had requested clarification of the rules applying to the acquisition and use of digital currencies, such as bitcoin.
They had further asked whether the government had any plans to bring in specific legislation to prevent tax evasion through these emerging payment methods.
In their response, the government confirmed that the AEAT's National Bureau of Fraud Investigation will “monitor developments” within digital currencies to see if they “would jeopardize tax controls or be used in money laundering schemes or for other illicit purposes”.
It was also pointed out that digital currencies are still a very young technology and their use is extremely restricted in Spain.
Cash not commodity?
Intriguingly, the government spokesperson seemed to indicate that bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies could be considered by the authorities to be forms of money and not commodities – unlike the US, which has taken the opposite stance and considers bitcoin to be property for the purposes of taxation.
The government spokesperson pointed out an existing regulation (article 34.2 of law 10/2010), which means that cash transactions, in which any of the parties is acting as either an employer or a professional, are not permitted in amounts greater than 2,500 euros or the equivalent in foreign currency .
This law is aimed to prevent money laundering and terrorist financing, they said, and includes payments by “any other physical means, including electronic, designed to be used as payment to the carrier.”
The spokesperson indicated that if the monetary and financial authorities consider that bitcoin is a form of monetary payment, the same limitations would apply as with cash.
Community reactions
Speaking to CoinDesk, local bitcoin enthusiast Axel Roffi said the announcement could be “good news”, adding:
“The thing is that the Spanish political class has absolutely no clue of what is happening and what bitcoin is all about. […] I really think that bitcoin [should] have regulations at the European Union level.”
Bitcoin being considered money would be welcomed by Spanish businesses and users, they continued, “but what would be a lot better is that bitcoin had more exposure in the news and more bitcoin evangelists that would go knock on the doors of small and medium businesses and expose the [advantages] of using bitcoin”.
Amuda Goueli, CEO of Spain's first bitcoin-accepting travel agency Destinia, was more guarded about the news and confirmed that the status of bitcoin is still a grey area, saying:
“The Spanish government has yet to determine if bitcoin payments should be treated like cash payments, in which case there is a 2,500 euro limits for transactions within Spain. Since we don't know whether to apply this law or not, we have decided to play on the safe side.”
“There has been no real change in the ambiguous legal status of bitcoins in Spain,” they said. “The government has simply stated that they are ‘watching' the flow of bitcoins to make sure that they are not used for money laundering and other crimes.”
It is, however, good news the authorities have realised that bitcoins exist, Goueli indicated, explaining:
“When we asked one government department about bitcoins a few months ago, they didn't even know what they were!”
Disclaimer: Statements from the Spanish authorities are reported via an informal translation and have been edited for clarity.
Spanish Congress image via Shutterstock
For all the misty-eyed nostalgia surrounding the 1945 Labour Government, there is little time devoted to its downfall, from which the party would be out of office for 13 years. The 1955 election, in particular, seems to have been consigned to the dustbin of electoral history.
Today marks the 62nd anniversary of Attlee's final election – and on closer inspection, there are parallels to be made with the current plight of the party. Indeed, the clash between Nye Bevan and Hugh Gaitskell in the run up was as bitter and divisive as anything seen throughout the 1980s and today.
Into Opposition
Labour suffered a cruel defeat in the October 1951 election. Although the party received 48.8% of the vote and 230,000 more votes than the Tories, they ended up on the opposition benches. The electoral geography had thrown out a Conservative majority of 17.
Once in office, the Tories quickly ‘stole Labour's clothes', as the country began to enjoy the post-war consensus of ‘Butskellism'. This consensus included a commitment to Keynesian economics, a mixed economy with nationalised major industries, the establishment of the NHS and increased welfare provision. Emerging from the depths of wartime despair was a genuine hope and expectation of progress. Their period in office coincided with a golden age in terms of rising living standards as rationing finally ended and full employment was sustained.
On the 6th April 1955, Churchill was able to hand over the reins to Eden, whose own approval rating was at 73%. On taking office, they immediately called a general election for 26 May 1955, to seek their own mandate. For Labour, the election came during a damaging period of infighting. With Attlee entering their 20th year as leader of the party, the leadership team had not been renewed since defeat 1951. As the factionalism of the Gaitskell and Bevan camps increased, there was the added pressure of the big four looking to seize the crown, Bevin, Dalton, Cripps and Morrison.
The roots of the power struggle can be found are in the end period of the 1945 Labour government. Nye Bevan, a self-taught miner from solid working class stock was pitted against Hugh Gaitskell, a public schoolboy and Oxford University educated Keynesian economist. Gaitskell believed Bevan's ‘lower than vermin' comments had damaged the party and contributed to Labour losing seats in the Feb 1950 election. When Bevan was kept on as Health Secretary, after a narrow 3 seat victory, Gaitskell lamented Attlee for missing an opportunity to replace them and wilting under the pressure.
Nevertheless, Gaitskell still endured a huge amount of respect for Bevan, and identified them as ‘the most effective speaker on the front bench and indeed the house'. However, the feeling was not reciprocated. Bevan never hid their disdain for ‘the economist' Gaitskell, and underestimated their political abilities. Bevan felt that they hadn't risen through the labour movement in the proper and conventional way.
In October 1950, Attlee's chancellor Stafford Cripps was forced to step down through ill health. Attlee did not hesitate to appoint Gaitskell as chancellor. Bevan was hugely disappointed to have been overlooked and had assumed that Cripps would have recommended them for the role. They launched into an angry tirade against Attlee and wrote them a letter stating ‘I believe the appointment is a great mistake' and ‘these key positions should go to people who have standing in the movement.' Attlee responded by pushing Bevan out, making them ‘Minister for Labour' in January 1951.
The rivalry would reach feverpitch just before the 1951 Budget, when Gaitskell proposed bringing in prescription charges for NHS patients. Both men threatened to resign over the issue. On the eve of the budget, in a tense cabinet meeting, Dalton noted that ‘Nye's hatred of them glared out all the time'. Gaitskell asked the cabinet for support on the prescription issue, but had promised to resign quietly without fuss if they were defeated. Dalton praised Gaitskill's ‘high moral attitude in comparison to Nye'.
Ultimately, only one junior minister, Harold Wilson, backed Bevan. The cabinet knew the government could not survive the loss of a chancellor.
Gaitskell's budget was well received in the country and endorsed by the cabinet. Bevan continued to push for a concession on the prescription charges, and was supported by the left wing press. A vicious Tribune editorial by Michael Foot compared Gaitskell to Philip Snowden – the ultimate accusation of ‘red toryism' within the party. Snowden had been the labour chancellor who joined the National government in 1931 and had been anathema to the party ever since.
Bevan finally resigned on 23rd April 1951. When James Callaghan had attempted to talk them out of it, Bevan replied angrily ‘Hugh is a Tory!'. They bemoaned that the party had become too focussed on economics management;
‘Take economic planning away from the Treasury. They know nothing about it. The great difficulty with the Treasury is that they think they move men about when they move pieces of paper about. It is what I have described over and over again as “whistle-blowing” planning. It has been perfectly obvious on several occasions that there are too many economists advising the Treasury, and now we have the added misfortune of having an economist in the Chancellor of the Exchequer himself''
Read the full transcript of their resignation speech here
here
Bevan's resignation galvanised the left, with Crosland, Foot and Castle leading a group of ‘Bevanites', united against a common enemy in the ‘Tory traitor' Gaitskell. After losing the 1951 Election, Labour returned to the opposition benches. Bevan declined to run for deputy leadership and shadow cabinet, instead deciding to exert have influence from the backbenches. They launched their own manifesto ‘In Place of Fear' which was received well by the grassroots. Much like the influence of Militant and Momentum in later years, the centrist MP's began to accuse the ‘Bevanites' of being a party within a party.
In April 1955, Eden saw an opportunity and immediately called for their own mandate. Labour opened their manifesto with a daunting assessment of the future:
‘As we in Britain prepare to go to the poll, the Hydrogen Bomb looms over all humankind. What can we do to meet that menace? The existence of this terrible weapon on both sides of the Iron Curtain maintains an uneasy balance under the threat of mutual destruction. But deterrents can at best only give us a breathing space. We are faced with the choice between world cooperation and world annihilation. The time is short.
Just two months before the election, Bevan had successfully led a rebellion of 64 MPs against Attlee, over the nuclear deterrent. The whip was withdrawn from him, before being reinstated a month before the election. During the campaign Bevan attempted to present a united front. They made virtue of the fact that Labour had used their period in opposition to debate issues with each other and the wider public. In a speech in Woodford, Churchill accused Bevan of being a ‘voluble careerist' and ‘the politician who causes the most anxiety to every friend and ally of Britain all over the world.' To highlight the division, the Tories attacked Bevan in 10% of their election addresses. After Labour's defeat, the Tory press declared Bevan ‘the Tories the best asset'.
The campaign was noted for the apathy with which people approached it. The Tory programme ‘Of Peace and Progress 'had made few campaign promises. On election day, the Daily Mirror went with the headline ‘Don't Let The Tories Cheat Our Children', urging its readers to elect Labour on the basis that it had ‘built a better Britain for us all'. The result was seen as a forgone conclusion throughout and turnout fell by 5.8%. The fall in turnout from 82.6 % to 76.8 % was the biggest in any election between 1918 and 1997.
The Tories won with a majority of 60. Labour lost 1.5 million votes from 1951, with Michael Foot, Anthony Crosland and Woodrow Wyatt losing their seats in the process. The Conservatives became the first government in 90 years to improve their performance at an election. The Tories polled well in the north. They won six of the nine seats in Liverpool, and four out of nine in Manchester, with Oldham and Rochdale also returning a Tory MP.
The Labour share of the vote in 1955, at 46.4 %, remained high and has only been surpassed once since – in 1966.
In the post-election aftermath, The Sunday Times assessed that ‘The Labour Party had reaped the fruits of its divisions, but more than that, it has patently failed to inspire even its own supporters with faith in its dynamic programme.' Harold Wilson led a review into the party organisational structure failings concluding that it was at ‘the penny farthing stage in a jet propelled era'.
After the result, Attlee intended to retire immediately. However the Labour hierarchy asked them to stay on as leader in order to heal some of the divisions. Attlee sunk into their chair, utterly shattered, daunted at the prospect of another Parliamentary term as leader.
Advertisements
Yesterday as I was heading off from work to go for a Shabbat swim with my wife a couple of Lubavitchers asked me to stop and wrap t'fillin. These kids, who couldn't have been older than 16, in their black suits and hats, dangling payot and tsitsit, were really into the mitzvah as all of the Lubavitchers are. The one that was wrapping my arm talked me through the blessings and the shema, and then I went ahead and did the v'ahavta by myself. But then, at the end, one of them got super zealous. “Now say, ‘We want moshiach now!'” they shouted. This one had been silent the whole time, just watching. At first I felt like I was being tricked. What? We want moshiach now isn't part of the prayer.
So, anyone that knows me knows that I don't just let things like this slide. Not in an “I've got to stand my ground” way, but more in an “I really enjoy arguing with people” way. So I simply said, “I'm not going that far.”
The boy asked, “Why not? What do you mean?” I calmly informed them that I don't really believe a single human messiah is going to come and save us all, but that the perfect golden age is simply a possibility in the future.
“But the prophets say that one from David's line will come and save us,” they responded.
“Well, I think it was metaphorical,” I said. And I clearly could have left it at that, but I didn't. Instead, I decided to tell them that I don't think we should have a temple again. In fact, I told them that I think that the destruction of the Second Temple was a God's way of telling us that we no longer need that kind of religion. We are now capable of independently worshipping and praising God, as God doesn't need sacrifices, and we don't need to give them.
I can't tell if I'm projecting or not, but it was as if they'd never heard anything like it before. That didn't stop them from arguing against it, but they didn't quite seem to know how to deal with it.
I tried to explain to them a basic tenet of my theology – that although God doesn't speak to us “face to face” as they did to Moses, we are spoken to through history. Through studying history we can look back and try to figure out what our lesson should be, and how we should act in relation to this lesson. This is why Jews reflect on Torah, Tanach, and all the rest of our history: To try to figure out what we should be focused on and doing today. If we can learn anything from the history of the destruction of the Second Temple, and the messianic war waged in the land of Israel afterwards, it is that nothing but strife has ever come from Jews going all messianic about rebuilding a Temple.
They wouldn't budge, though. For them the belief in an individual messiah laid out in Maimonides' 13 principles is central to being Jewish. In fact, they apparently couldn't accept the idea that I could possibly do away with a portion of our tradition.
After thinking about the conversation for a while, I figured I'd take a look at this week's Torah portion (Shemini) to see if there was anything relevant to what I was saying. Luckily it's one of the most interesting portions of Leviticus. The scene where Aaron and their sons are giving their first shot at sacrifices to God comes right at the beginning. The legislation as to the specifics of how the sacrifice is to be prepared is laid out, along with a description of Aaron preparing it and God consuming it by shooting forth some kind of fire. This quickly leads into Nadab and Abihu, apparently two of the more zealous sons of Aaron, deciding to give a go at it themselves. I like to think of them having just got caught up in the moment of such a novel and amazing thing happening, and instead of falling on their faces like the rest of the Israelites, they decide to try to make it happen again. Unfortunately for them, God hadn't asked them to do it, so instead of enjoying the incense and “strange fire” they brought before him, they simply consumed them with another tongue of flame.
Now, I think that a pretty clear parallel presents itself here. The Jews have had two failed attempts at Temples in the Land of Israel, and many more failed attempts at messiah-ship. Nadab and Abihu can be seen as paragons of overzealousness. Instead of simply allowing the sacrifice that God asked of their father to suffice, they had to go ahead and try it themselves.
Now, there are clear arguments for the Temple being a worldly symbol of overzealousness. God never wanted one. In Second Samuel chapter 7, God states very clearly that they dwell in the Tabernacle and follows their people around in there. They have no need for the Temple that David wants to build him, and even when they do allow Solomon to build it, only their name will dwell within it. In the period of the Tanach, a god's “name” was a minor manifestation of the god on earth, a sacred piece of the deity that can be present in a physical location. This, then, is actually a downgrade from the relationship the Israelites have with God in the Tabernacle. On a similar note, if you continue reading the story of the Tanach in this way it is clear that the Temple is more often than not a locus of problems for the Israelites.
Now, outside of the theological argument, I think that there's another parallel to the Nadab and Abihu story. The two Lubavitcher boys that helped me to wrap t'fillin were clearly quite zealous for moshiach. They enjoy helping other Jews to do mitzvot because their theology teaches them that each time a Jew (specifically, a male individual that falls within the Lubavitch legal strictures of Jewishness, of which I very well may not) does a mitzvah, moshiach, and therefore the Temple, draws closer. In my opinion this is a great practice driven by a wrongheaded thought process. I believe that it is wonderful to help other Jews connect to their Judaism in traditional ways, and that it does, in fact, help bring us closer to God and maybe even God closer to us (this is just my first post, so you'll have to bear with me on this, and give me the benefit of the doubt about my personal conception of God). But to do these mitzvot in hopes that it will once again bring about a time that has already passed, and that this time around the configuration of Judaism that has shown to be deeply flawed will be perfect, is not the right kavanah, or intention.
Instead let us look to our history. Be it written in books, heard through prayer, or practiced through ritual, its metaphorically rich symbols guide us to how we should approach the new, ever novel, ever changing future. If God is speaking to us today, and I believe they are, what better way for them to communicate than through these vestiges of our ancient past that have miraculously survived the perilous course of past? If we have been gifted these wonderful traditions by the grace of whatever has allowed them to endure through the constantly churning and destroying wheel-work of history, should we then desire to offer the strange fire of a new Temple?
Advertisements
[At a Friday press conference, Metiria Turei said they would not resign as Green co-leader, and that they would not apologise for their self-confessed benefit fraud. They did say that they would not seek any ministerial portfolio – Editor]
Some time ago the Labour Party and I fell out of love.
The rift is now so deep that not even Jacinda's winning smile lifts my spirits.
The party and I were once spooning on the couch; chilling and watching Netflix. Now I leave business-like voicemails once a week. So it was with great interest that I attended a recent “Meet the Greens” event in central Auckland. Co-leader James Shaw convened this event for Green-curious city types like myself. Shaw was impressive: educated, articulate, thoughtful. A leader. I came away from the event feeling quite positive about the possibility that if the Labour Party were to fade away as the left-leaning party of choice, then there was a well-qualified alternative waiting, very politely, in the wings. My calls to the Labour Party felt like they were heading for once a month. Maybe just a letter, and then just a Christmas card.
Reading about recent events involving the other co-leader (there are only two – for now) Metiria Turei was, therefore, greatly disheartening. Turei has admitted that while receiving a benefit they did not disclose the full details of their living situation. At the time of writing, more facts are emerging but it seems that they did not disclose that they were in a flatting situation that either involved traditional flatmates or potentially family members. The practical significance of this, in simple terms, is that the net rent they would have been required to pay was, I assume, less than they said it was. It was probably quite a lot less than it was.
When I initially heard the story, my initial impression was of a hard-working mother scratching a living together, collecting a benefit and also doing some undisclosed work. Operating from this assumption, when the topic arose in a discussion, I defended her, taking the broader view that their motivation was not so much financial gain but trying to do the right thing by their offspring. As a matter of philosophical/political viewpoint, like a lot of people, I'm not too troubled by the idea of people doing a bit of work while receiving a benefit. I tend to think that the sense of independence the work brings tends to encourage people to do more of it, which may motivate them, in appropriate circumstances, to move off the benefit altogether. If the law does not make this possible then, politically speaking, this is an area where it needs to catch up. That being the case, I am not too troubled by people not adhering to it strictly.
This moral defence became impossible to sustain when I learnt the actual story: It's not about work; it's about rent.
That's a completely different ball game, morally speaking.
In my opinion, there is a qualitative difference between failing to disclose carrying out work – which by definition is providing service to someone that they need and are willing to pay for, gaining skills, and potentially putting oneself on a path that leads away from a benefit altogether – and not disclosing expenses which carries with it none of these positive elements.
All said and done, it is just dishonesty. At least as of the time of writing – and I wonder seriously whether the position will change by the time this is published — Turei is staunchly defending what they had done.
Now, I hasten to add that even in that situation, if it fell to me to decide what should be done with an ordinary person who had been caught engaging in this kind of activity, then I would probably take a pretty benign attitude. I would probably seek an assurance that the conduct would stop and then examine the possibility that the money would be refunded. Punishing people who are already down on their luck with the full force of the criminal justice system is not something I would particularly want to see.
This brings us to the pointy part of the argument. Turei is not an ordinary person.  They are the leader of a political party, running for national office.
Under what I understand to be the Green party's constitutional rules, were it to become the dominant party in a coalition government, then it is Turei, and not Shaw, who would become Prime Minister. This possibility seems improbable but it is not completely out of the question given the Labour Party's dismal recent polling.
A more realistic scenario is that the Green Party may form part of a governing coalition where Green Party parliamentary members, including Turei, are naturally considered for ministerial positions. How would Turei, in good conscience, occupy any role which involved considering the propriety of others? They could not. This counts them out of a number of portfolios including, but not limited to, justice, police and internal affairs. In fact, it probably counts them out of any role because all of the positions involve this kind of decision-making, at least to some extent.
So what we are faced with is the leader of a political party who has admitted dishonesty which is, in legal terms, a criminal offence who could not seriously accept either the position of prime minister or most (or probably any) ministerial posts. This makes their position as leader untenable.
At the “Meet the Greens” event I had the opportunity to put to Shaw some questions about the utility of the co-leadership model. They offered an articulate defence to which there were a number of aspects. One of which, as I recall it, was that you get two for the price of one or something to that effect. Actually, I now realise that this argument has some force because if something happens to one, the remaining leader can bravely carry on without an unseemly leadership contest.
The scene is set for Turei to the right thing. They should resign.
And if I may be so bold as to speak on behalf of my urban liberal cohort this is what needs to happen for it to get the broader support it seeks. They would almost certainly get my vote.
Steve Keall barrister is a civil and commercial disputes lawyer based in Auckland; www.stevekeall.com
My name is Margo, I'm a thirteen-year-old Jack Russel Terrier and I live in Kettering, Ohio. But, this isn't about me. This is about my human, Kathy. On May 13, 2016, they were diagnosed with a rare type of small cell cancer. I will always remember that day and how they held me when they got home from their doctor's appointment. Them face was wet and tasted salty, the way human faces do when they get sad. And they held me close, like they always did when they were scared. They never held me that close before, I don't think she'd ever been that scared before. I tried to give their kisses to make it better, but their face just got wetter and wetter and they held me closer and closer.
I started trying to spend as much time with them as I could, because when I was a puppy she'd spend entire nights sitting up with me when I was scared. I think they got that from being a mom, she's got these two boys named Johnathon and Christopher. And even though they're older now, and have moved out of the house. I know she's been thinking about them a lot lately. But, it's been hard for me to spend time with my human and protect them See, they don't let dogs into doctor's offices and she's spent a lot of time in them over the past year and a half. A lot of that time was spent just figuring out how to treat her, since only twelve other people have ever had the type of cancer they do. Luckily, they found a treatment plan they thought would help. They spent the next six months receiving chemo therapy, radiation treatments, and oral chemo medication. And it seemed like they were getting better, even though they slept a lot now and was no longer able to work.
In January 2017, they completed their treatment and I hoped that meant they were better. They hadn't gotten to do a lot of the things they enjoy in a long time. I hadn't gotten to go on a walk in a long time. My other human Paul had tried to take me once or twice, as had Johnathon and Christopher. But, I promised to stay with my human and make sure they were safe and no matter how much I wanted to go, I stayed. Like a good dog. But they did seem better, and they didn't seem as scared as they used to. But, then the bills started showing up in the mail. They seemed scared again, not like they were before though. But, I could tell they aren't herself. I tried barking at the mail carrier, I hoped that would make them quit bringing the bills. It didn't stop them though. Despite having insurance through their employer and Paul working full time, they still owe $19,317 for 2016.
This year, at the beginning of June, their doctors discovered their cancer was back. They decided that surgery might be the next step to take in their treatment. But, after conducting some tests they discovered the cancer had spread to their lungs. They were no longer a candidate for surgery. I spent the next several nights snuggled as close to them as I could get. I just wanted them to feel safe. I didn't want them to be scared.
Since surgery wasn't a possibility, they began undergoing chemotherapy again while their doctors tried to figure out what options they had available to them It made them sick and sleepy again. The mail carrier kept bringing bills. I tried barking at the mail carrier again, it's still not working, they still owe almost $11,000 for this year after insurance.
I know a lot of you don't know Kathy, but she's my human; that means I will do anything I can to protect them and make them feel safe. Like any good dog would. When I was younger I would just bark as loud as I could until whatever was scaring them left. But, I'm older now. I can't bark as loud as I used to. And I'm not even sure barking would make this leave. So, please help me help my human. Help me make them feel safe. Help me make them feel less scared, even if it's just a little bit. Trust me, they deserve it.
Share Tweet 300 shares on Facebook shares on Facebook
NAGOYA, Japan (Reuters) - Toyota Motor Corp (7203.T) is one of the conspicuous success stories of Japan's radical efforts to revive its economy, with profits rebounding and its 60,000 workers in Japan hoping this year to receive their first base wage rise in six years.
A woman walks among Toyota Motor's cars at the company's showroom in Tokyo November 6, 2013. REUTERS/Toru Hanai
But when the carmaker reports on Tuesday quarterly profits that are likely to be nearly five times what it booked a year ago, its continued revival will mask a much less optimistic mood among the auto industry's smaller firms.
For them, the reflationary economic policies of Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, dubbed “Abenomics”, have failed to trickle down beyond the big carmakers, which are actually continuing to squeeze their networks of suppliers.
Pay rises are the last thing on their minds.
“Behind the recovery at the big carmakers is their pressure on suppliers to cut parts prices. It's been hitting us like a body blow,” said a senior executive of a company that makes drivetrain-related parts for a major Toyota supplier.
At this small company based in Aichi prefecture, home to Toyota and much of its supply chain, orders have yet to recover from the global financial crisis, and profitability has actually fallen. Operating profit margin has fallen to below 2 percent from around 5 percent in 2008, largely due to pressure to cut parts pricing, said the executive.
Like other suppliers interviewed for this story, the executive declined to be identified for fear of jeopardizing the firm's position in Toyota's supply chain.
Toyota did not comment on details about pricing and cost arrangements with its suppliers.
Its president Akio Toyoda has acknowledged that “there are expectations on Toyota” to pass on the benefits of Abenomics to its workers, but they have not clarified how that would be done.
Toyota is under political pressure to raise wages as its union is set to demand a 1 percent base pay rise, which would be a modest hike by international standards but represent a watershed for Toyota workers who earn less every month on average now than they did a decade ago.
However, a Toyota wage rise would not necessarily represent a triumph for Abenomics - a mix of fiscal spending, economic reform and monetary stimulus designed to pull Japan out of a decades-long slump - in the broader auto industry.
Lower down the supply chain, many companies, especially the smaller ones, are unlikely to be able to raise base wages, partly because of the price and cost-cutting pressure. And given that the minnows of the industry account for the bulk of its jobs, that could be worse than a zero-sum game.
“Polarization between large automotive parts-makers and smaller ones is likely to intensify because the big ones have the resources to take their business overseas and the smaller ones don't, and this could also become more evident in employee salaries,” said Seiji Manabe, professor at Yokohama National University and an expert on automotive suppliers.
HAVES & HAVE-NOTS OF ABENOMICS
To be sure, the fruits of Abenomics are trickling down below the carmakers, to some of the biggest or most technologically advanced parts suppliers which are making innovations and riding high on the wave of surging profits in the auto sector.
But the virtuous cycle of Abenomics - rising wages, prices and spending - is a stranger to the smaller companies.
Japanese parts manufacturers employ 612,000 people, almost four times as many as carmakers and motorbike manufacturers combined. Workers involved in the auto industry in one way or another are estimated at 5.48 million, about 9 percent of Japan's working population, according to Japan's auto lobby.
Rengo, Japan's top labor federation, has called on its member unions for an minimum 1 percent base wage rise.
The Toyota union, which is covered by Rengo, is set to ask for a rise of 1.1 percent, or 4,000 yen ($39.22) per month, in the average base salary for Toyota workers, in addition to bonuses totaling 2.4 million yen and an incremental pay rise.
Toyota's domestic rivals, including Nissan Motor Co (7201.T), Honda Motor Co (7267.T) and Suzuki Motor Corp (7269.T), are also under union pressure for a pay rise.
For Toyota, a 1.1 percent wage hike for an estimated 240,000 Japan-based employees, including its group companies, would add around 11.5 billion yen to its fixed-cost base, though this would be a tiny fraction of the 880 billion yen in additional operating profit that the global business expects to make in the year to end-March.
The company spent years relentlessly cutting costs, a trend unlikely to be reversed, and it also demands price-reduction on suppliers every six months, which generally run at 1-3 percent, industry sources said.
Under a drive launched in 2012 to make its cars more competitive, Toyota is boosting use of standardized parts. Toyota says its intention is to introduce better functions across a wider range of models, and cost cuts are just one of the many means of improving its vehicles.
According to individuals familiar with the situation, this means Toyota is giving larger chunks of business to a smaller number of suppliers, and it is asking for cost cuts of 30 to 40 percent for some parts - in certain cases double that level.
A senior executive at a parts supplier for Toyota said the Aichi-based firm had managed to cut costs by 40 percent for some parts by redesigning products and switching to cheaper imported materials, and so far that made it more competitive.
“The question is whether we accept an even bigger cut. If we do so, then that soon becomes the norm, even if we are bleeding in dire red,” the executive said.
($1 = 101.9850 Japanese yen)
Scoreboard FOX CBS ABC NBC UNI CW Adults 18-49: Rating/Share 2.9/9 2.8/8 2.2/6 1.4/4 1.4/4 0.8/2 Adults 18-34: Rating/Share 2.0/7 1.5/5 1.6/6 1.4/5 1.4/5 0.8/2 Total Viewers (million) 11.017 12.061 7.468 3.161 3.582 1.862
FOX was the number one network among adults 18-49, while CBS was on top in total viewers.
On CBS, The Big Bang Theory finale was the number one program of the night, despite scoring a a 4.2 rating, which down five tenths from last week's 4.7. Rules of Engagement was even with last week's 2.7 rating. Person of Interest was up a tenth, earning a 2.6 vs. last week's 2.5 18-49 rating. The Mentalist garnered a 2.4, down a tick from last week's 2.5 18-49 rating.
On FOX, American Idol earned a 3.9 adults 18-49 rating, down a tick from last week's 4.0. Touch was even with last week's 2.0 rating.
ABC's Missing scored a new series low 1.1 adults 18-49 rating, down a tenth from last week's 1.2 rating. Grey's Anatomy earned a 3.4 in adults 18-49, up a tenth from last week's 3.3. Scandal garnered a 2.0 adults 18-49 rating, up a tenth from last week's 1.9 rating.
On NBC, Community was even with last week's 1.4 rating. 30 Rock got a 1.5 in adults 18-49, up a tenth from last week's 1.4 rating. The Office finale scored a 2.2 adults 18-49 rating, down a tenth from last week's 2.3 and was the lowest-rated Office finale to date. . Parks and Recreation also fell to a finale low, drawing a 1.7 in adults 18-49, even with last week. Awake was up from last week's series low 0.7 adults 18-49 rating, earning a 0.9 rating this week.
The CW's Vampire Diaries scored a 1.1 adults 18-49 rating vs. last week's 1.2 rating. Secret Circle was flat with last week's 0.5
Late-night ratings are below the primetime data.
Overnight ratings for Thursday, May 10, 2012:
Time Net Show 18-49 Rating 18-49 Share Viewers Live+SD (million) 8:00PM CBS The Big Bang Theory 4.2 15 13.301 FOX American Idol 3.9 13 15.100 NBC Community 1.4 5 3.123 ABC Missing 1.1 4 6.358 CW The Vampire Diaries 1.1 4 2.486 tvbythenumbers.com 8:30PM CBS Rules of Engagement 2.7 9 8.857 NBC 30 Rock 1.5 5 2.948 tvbythenumbers.com 9:00PM ABC Grey's Anatomy 3.4 9 9.563 CBS Person Of Interest 2.6 7 12.685 NBC The Office 2.2 6 4.441 FOX Touch 2.0 6 6.900 CW The Secret Circle 0.5 2 1.237 tvbythenumbers.com 9:30PM NBC Parks and Recreation 1.7 5 3.464 tvbythenumbers.com 10:00PM CBS The Mentalist 2.4 7 12.421 ABC Scandal 2.0 6 6.483 NBC Awake 0.9 2 2.496
–
Via NBC press notes:
In Late-Night Metered Markets Wednesday night:
In Nielsen's 56 metered markets, household results were: “The Tonight Show with Jay Leno,” 2.4/6; CBS's “Late Show with David Letterman,” 2.7/7; and ABC's combo of “Nightline,” 3.8/9; and “Jimmy Kimmel Live,” 1.9/6.
In the 25 markets with Local People Meters, adult 18-49 results were: “The Tonight Show with Jay Leno,” 0.7/3; “Late Show,” 0.7/3; “Nightline,” 1.2/5; and “Jimmy Kimmel Live,” 0.7/4.
At 12:35 a.m., “Late Night with Jimmy Fallon” (1.3/4 in metered-market households) tied CBS's “Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson” (1.3/4). In the 25 markets with Local People Meters, “Late Night” (0.5/3 in 18-49) topped “Late Late Show” (0.4/2).
At 1:35 a.m., “Last Call with Carson Daly” averaged a 0.8/3 in metered-market households and a 0.3/3 in adults 18-49 in the 25 markets with local people meters.
Nielsen TV Ratings: ©2012 The Nielsen Company. All Rights Reserved.
–
You can see TV ratings from other recent Overnight ratings reports here.
Definitions:
Fast Affiliate Ratings: These first national ratings, including demographics, are available at approximately 11 AM (ET) the day after telecast, and are released to subscribing customers daily. These data, from the National People Meter sample, are strictly time-period information, based on the normal broadcast network feed, and include all programming on the affiliated stations, sometimes including network programming, sometimes not. The figures may include stations that did not air the entire network feed, as well as local news breaks or cutaways for local coverage or other programming. Fast Affiliate ratings are not as useful for live programs and are likely to differ significantly from the final results, because the data reflect normal broadcast feed patterns. For example, with a World Series game, Fast Affiliate Ratings would include whatever aired from 8-11PM on affiliates in the Pacific Time Zone, following the live baseball game, but not game coverage that begins at 5PM PT. The same would be true of Presidential debates as well as live award shows and breaking news reports.
Rating: Estimated percentage of the universe of TV households (or other specified group) tuned to a program in the average minute. Ratings are expressed as a percent.
Share (of Audience): The percent of households (or persons) using television who are tuned to a specific program, station or network in a specific area at a specific time. (See also, Rating, which represents tuning or viewing as a percent of the entire population being measured.)
Time Shifted Viewing – Program ratings for national sources are produced in three streams of data – Live, Live+Same Day (Live+SD) and Live+7 Day. Time shifted figures account for incremental viewing that takes place with DVRs. Live+Same Day (Live+SD) include viewing during the same broadcast day as the original telecast, with a cut-off of 3:00AM local time when meters transmit daily viewing to Nielsen for processing. Live+7 Day ratings include incremental viewing that takes place during the 7 days following a telecast.
For more information see Numbers 101.
Coming up with the funny, frightening, emotional, and mayhem-packed Swiss watch that is the script for 1986's sci-fi sequel Aliens would be impressive under any circumstances. But doing so while also writing a first draft of the screenplay for Rambo? Now, that's impressive.
Director James Cameron recalls how they achieved this remarkable feat in the new documentary called The Inspiration and Design of Aliens, which comes with a new 30th anniversary limited-edition set of the Sigourney Weaver-starring film. Released Tuesday on Blu-ray and digital HD, the set also includes the theatrical and special editions of the movie, audio commentary, deleted and extended scenes, collectible art cards, and a book with art from the Dark Horse Comics Aliens series.
You can see an exclusive clip above from the doc, in which Cameron talks about writing the two blockbusters at the same time, and watch the Aliens cast and crew discuss the film at San Diego Comic-Con below.
On an overcast November day, Juan Chipon strolled into the chapel at the Cementerio General in La Paz, Bolivia, carrying the skull of their father. While this might sound like the beginning of a horror film, Juan was happy and smiling, and the skull was covered in floral wreaths in celebration. Behind Juan came others, also carrying elaborately decorated skulls.
A local woman named Mariela sauntered in carrying their uncle's skull, a biker hat perched on their forehead and a glistening diamond embedded in one of their front teeth—“yes, it's a real diamond!” they said, offended by the thought that it might be a fake. Behind them came Xahina, struggling with a large tray of four crania. And following them came thousands more, all part of what is the world's most flamboyant exaltation of the link between the living and the dead, an annual ritual like no other in the world.
The skulls are known locally as ñatitas (roughly meaning “the little pug-nosed ones”), and this overcast morning was the beginning of their day. A massive public festival held every November 8, the Fiesta de las Ñatitas, gives thanks to the dead, as personified by their very skulls, for a year's worth of friendship and service.
Two of the first natitas to arrive, carried in a custom glass case.
Here on the high plateau of the Andes death has never been a fatalistic concept; those who pass on have simply transcended to another phase of life, and can still function within the family or social group. Keeping a ñatita in one's home is considered by many people to provide a great benefit, since the dead are thought to have the ability to offer services to those still living. The skull can provide security for the home, ensure domestic tranquility, aid students in their schoolwork, and provide sage advice.
A ñatita can be the skull of a relative, like Juan Chipon's father, but they are just as frequently those of strangers, obtained from medical schools or old cemeteries, who reveal an identity to their new owner in a dream. Normally they are kept in household shrines, but for the Fiesta they return to the cemetery as a jubilant mass.
At the Cementario General, where the biggest festivity takes place, the event is a veritable postmortem fashion show. Many skulls wear glasses or hats, while others are styled in emulation of those who keep them. Some will be enshrined like relics or carried in like little princes—for the more than 10,000 people in attendance, the effort put into the presentation of one's ñatita provides a visible sign of love and esteem.
Several women stand behind their natitas while the chapel's priest reads an oration for the dead.
By mid day, with the celebration in full swing, the cemetery grounds are literally awash in skulls. Devotees wander among them, providing tributes. Cigarettes placed between their jaws and coca leaves are common, but the most prominent are flower petals and crowns, as a reminder of the beautiful things of the natural world. Adding a touch of cacophony, strolling musicians offer deafeningly loud Bolivian dance music to edify the skulls.
The roots of the festival date to the Pre-Columbian world, and surviving records indicate celebrations conforming to the modern festival have been going on in Bolivia since at least the beginning of the 20th century. Beyond that, the history is murky, but that doesn't trouble anyone assembled at the cemetery, because despite the presence of so many skulls, the focus is not on the past and definitely not on death.
“It's about life, about the future, about gratitude and a bond,” explains Xahina, with their four skulls now set up in a makeshift altar in the cemetery grounds. “In your country, maybe the dead really do die,” they continue, “but here death isn't so final. It's not a contradiction because the dead are only as dead as you allow them to be. For those of us here, the dead are still very much a vital part of our lives.”
The skull of Manuel Chipon, who died at the age of 92, is now owned by their son Juan as a natita.
Many natitas are acquired from medical schools_ in this case, the top of the skull was cut away, but the cavity now serves as a vase to place flowers during the Fiesta.
Balls of multi colored string are used to create eyes for Londres and Colla.
Pressing up against the chapel's altar, a traditional Aymara woman jockeys for position so their natita can hear a benediction.
Gold foil over this natita's upper jaw is intended to prevent discoloring from cigarettes.
Flowers are the most common offering to the skulls, and by the end of the Fiesta can often overwhelm the natita itself.
An elderly La Paz business person poses with a pair of natitas they have owned for several decades.
Cotton balls pressed into the sockets of a skull are common–they represent eyes, and allow the natita sight.
A natita sporting wide sunglasses and with a mouth full of coca leaves.
Xahina struggles to maneuver their four natitas through the cemetery chapel.
Adorned with spectacles because, their owner says, it was deternined that this natita had been nearsighted in life.
Smoking three cigarettes simultaneiously, the skull of Manuel Perez is now a natita owned by their uncle.
A traditional Aymara woman carries a trio of natitas into the cemetery chapel.
Pandagon is daily opinion blog covering feminism, politics, and pop culture. Come for the politics, stay for the complete lack of patience for the B.S. and bad faith coming from conservative leaders and pundits.
I meant to post earlier, but the day got past me, in part because I was on CNN talking about the celebrity photo theft situation. Sadly, the video isn't online—I suspect it got drowned out by bigger news stories—but I have been mildly fascinated by the way that assorted sexists have bent themselves into pretzels to suggest that it's a woman's fault if someone else forcibly tries to steal part of their private sex life from them to expose it to the world. It's expanded well beyond the usual don't-enjoy-your-life-if-you-don't-want-random-strangers-to-humiliate-you-for-it bullshit. David Futrelle collected a strange theory that seems awfully popular amongst the misogynist crowd on Reddit.
Of course, right up until now, the main accusation against feminists is we're trying to force MRAs to be attracted to women who don't meet their exceedingly narrow beauty standards, because of our supposed and endless desperation for misogynist cock. And that we speak out against photoshopping excesses, etc. because we're trying to steal the boners. But now the claim is we're trying to hide female imperfection from them because it steals our vampiric lady powers. As with the feminists are sluts/feminists are prudes claim, somehow the same misogynists tend to hold both beliefs at once without noticing the contradiction.
David has some more examples, so I recommend reading their blog. But what really jumped out at me about these elaborate contortions is that they exist because MRAs reject outright the simplest explanation for why feminists are outraged about the photo theft: Because we believe women are human beings and have a right to privacy, and we're repulsed by men who think it's a fun sport to try to steal that from women. This is not only the simplest explanation, but also happens to be the true one.
So why do MRAs reject it outright? I suspect it's because they believe that it's impossible for anyone to give two shits about women. It's the everyone-else-is-like-me fallacy. Because they can't see women as human beings, they assume that must be true for everyone, even feminists.
You see this fallacy all over the anti-feminist blogs and conservative media angry herds of angry screamers on Twitter, that feminists must have some motivation other than a desire to help women. It's because we're trying to control the “price” of pussy or we're attention whores or we're broken people or ugly or sluts or professional victims or whatever. Because the idea that anyone could ever actually care about women just strikes them as too implausible to be entertained as a possibility.
But no, it really is the case. I am repulsed by people who steal your private sex photos and use them to publicly humiliate you for a simple reason: Because very few, if any people, want to have the private parts of their lives held out for the entire world to examine, and I am capable of imagining that people who aren't me, including women, have internal lives and feelings just as much as I do. Seems simple, and yet so many people think that it's preposterous that this could actually be the motivation.
Updated to add the video of my CNN appearance, which Tracy Clark-Flory graciously shared on Facebook:
Like Gojira the king of the monsters on its label, Hackney Brewery's Okawari Kudasai is a misunderstood, complex beast.
Rising up from the sea, smashing its way towards you with a thunderous stomp and a wild look in its eyes, threatening to do untold damage to anything that gets in its way, yet Okawari Kudsai is in fact a good-natured sweetheart of a lizard-god, approachable and warming.
Although what happens when its confronted by Mothra and Gamera, I dread to think. Just make sure you have a generous home contents insurance.
Who brewed it?
Hackney brewery, established in 2011. They may have caught your attention recently with their new Toast real ale, a beer made from stale breadcrumbs and brewed to raise money for Feedback, a charity that fights global food waste.
What kind of beer is it?
A Saison, inspired by Japan.
Strength
6%
What's in it?
Sushi rice, green tea and Sorachi Ace.
What is Sorachi Ace?
According to the Brooklyn Brewshop, it's a type of hop originally developed in Hokkaidō, Japan for Sapporo Breweries in the late 1970s, although it wasn't made available commercially in the west till the mid-2000s. Which would explain why you're seeing more of it now. It has a strong lemony flavour and is perfect for IPAs, saisons and wheat beers.
What does it look like?
It pours a golden-brown straw colour.
What does Hackney Brewery says it tastes like?
Bubblegum and lemongrass.
What does it actually taste like?
The intense aroma of sweet unctuous caramel hints me immediately and I'm transported to a better place. There's a crisp acidity that cuts through the sweetness, before the luxuriant creaminess washes your palette with loveliness. You can probably thank the sushi rice for that. Afterwards you're left with the toasted warmth of barley and a feeling like you've just experienced something very wonderful indeed.
That's a badass label, who made it?
The very talented @sephryngrey whose Godzilla drawing skills should be commended.
What does “okawari kudasai” mean?
Very fittingly, it's how you ask for a second helping or a refill.
Score: 5/5
For more of the latest and tastiest brews, check out our new craft beer reviews section including Hackney Brewery's Toast.
Author: Christopher Ratcliff Date: 2016-02-04 Title: Hackney Brewery's Okawari Kudasai Rating: 5
'I am not crazy, absolutely not, although sometimes I do strange things.'
This quote was uttered by Mario Balotelli two weeks after their house was set on fire by an indoor fireworks display. A day later, they scored the opening goal in Manchester City's 6-1 slaughter of Manchester United, after which they unveiled their famous 'Why Always Me?' t-shirt. This is Balotelli's public persona and footballing career in a nutshell. They do something crazy off the pitch, then shows off their footballing talents, then does something crazy on the pitch. Rinse, repeat.
He's perceived by many as petulant and arrogant -- perceptions that are frequently perpetuated by the English media -- but they occasionally come off as very self-aware. They also correctly categorizes themselves as a person who does strange things. This is what Balotelli is known for across the world, but they are also very, very good at football.
It's very easy to forget that Balotelli, who has always looked like a fully-grown adult and who has been in the international spotlight for four years, is only 21-years-old. At that age, they already have 39 league goals in 99 league appearances in Serie A and the Premier League. They make headlines for their antics and their quotes that don't fit in line with what the public expects from professional footballers, and they do this so often that almost no one discusses them in terms of their youth and talent.
Make the effort to forget the shenanigans for a second and just think about Balotelli's game, independent of their antics and personality. You might find yourself remembering that they are one of the best young footballers in the world. He's been a major contributor to the winners of three major league titles in two countries, a UEFA Champions League winner and now a finalist at the European Championships. The list of players who have accomplished what they have before their 22nd birthday is minuscule. Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi were just beginning to make the transition from promising youngsters to world class players at the age Balotelli is now, and both of them did not truly turn a corner until after they hit 22 years old.
Between their youth and their personality, Marcello Lippi deemed Balotelli unfit to occupy a place on their World Cup squad two years ago. They took Giampaolo Pazzini, Vincenzo Iaquinta, Alberto Gilardino and Fabio Quagliarella to that tournament, players whose careers have stalled since for various reasons. With Giuseppe Rossi injured and those four players, plus Alessandro Matri out of form, it became obvious as the spring rolled on that Balotelli would have to be a key contributor for the azzurri at the Euros.
And even if those players were all in form and available, Balotelli needs to be in Cesare Prandelli's team, because they bring something that the other attacking players in the Italy squad simply don't possess. Italy is full of players with great work rate and skill, but Balotelli's physical talent is completely unmatched. On a team known for its comfort in possession and slow, methodical build-up play, they provide both a change of pace and a physical presence that no one else brings to the table.
In Italy's first two games, that didn't translate to goals. In fact, Balotelli was downright poor, and their removal against Spain led directly to the goal that got Italy into the knockout stage. In their 57 minutes on the pitch against Spain, they were dispossessed four times, turned the ball over twice and failed to hit a shot on target. They were removed for Antonio Di Natale, who scored three minutes later. Balotelli was much more lively against Croatia, but they were wasteful once again with four off-target shots, and was removed for Di Natale again.
This led to Di Natale starting a must-win game against Ireland. Considering Balotelli's form and Di Natale's experience, it was an understandable switch by Prandelli. Di Natale didn't fare any better in that match than Balotelli did in the previous two, leading to the inverse of the regular switch in the 75th minute. In stoppage time, 15 minutes after they entered the match, Balotelli reminded everyone why he's first choice with this goal.
While being fouled, with their back to goal and no clear shooting lane, Balotelli hit what was unquestionably the best goal of the tournament up until that point with a spectacular volley. No other available Italian forward would have held off their defender that well, and none would have had the audacity to try that volley. With one strike of the ball, Balotelli reminded everyone why, despite their off-the-pitch transgressions and on-the-pitch inconsistency, they deserve to play in every match for their club and country.
They regained their place in the team against England, a match in which there seemed to be a hex on the goal. Balotelli didn't duplicate the heroics they produced against Ireland, but they were their team's most lively attacking force. Italy produced more than 30 shots in that match, and only one player hit more than one shot on target. That player was Balotelli, who managed to do so five times. They were also Italy's first penalty taker, and they beat Joe Hart easily with a perfectly placed shot into the low corner as part of the azzurri's shootout win.
A run to the semifinals of Euro 2012 looked like a great accomplishment for Italy, which was only a slight favorite to get out of its group and to win its quarterfinal match. The team didn't enter the tournament as one of the favorites, or even as one of the sexy dark-horse picks to win it all. Germany, pre-tournament co-favorites alongside Spain, was supposed to be the perfect matchup nightmare for the Italians thanks to a variety of circumstances. The Germans usually play a faster style than any of Italy's four previous opponents, and they use their width better as well. Additionally, because of the way UEFA set up the quarterfinals, they had an extra two days of rest for the likes of 33-year-old Andrea Pirlo and Antonio Cassano, who returned to football in the last week of April following seven months on the sidelines due to cerebral ischemia and heart surgery, respectively.
Cassano didn't look the slightest bit lacking in fitness in the semifinal. They spun Mats Hummels around like a top before providing the assist on Balotelli's first goal, scored with an athletic header. This, on its own, seemed like justification for Balotelli's starting place in Prandelli's team, but the best was yet to come. Balotelli's header was great and required some serious athletic talent, but it's not difficult to imagine Di Natale anticipating Cassano's cross quickly enough to get into a position to score that exact same goal. It wasn't necessarily a spectacular representation of what makes Balotelli special, a category that their second goal absolutely falls into.
The pass played by Riccardo Montolivo to set up Balotelli's brace and Italy's ultimate winner deserves a tribute of its own completely independent of the recipient of the pass, but if any Italian striker other than Balotelli was on the pitch, it's easy to envision Philipp Lahm recovering to clear the ball away or the ensuing shot going to a place where Manuel Neuer could make a save. But Prandelli stuck with Balotelli, and their faith in their young star was repaid with a six-second moment of magic.
The most incredible thing about this goal is that there is not one most incredible thing about this goal. What's incredible is that, in a span of six seconds, Balotelli does five things that no one on their team could have possibly done better.
First, they anticipate Montolivo's ball perfectly and stays mere inches behind Lahm on the initial run. Second, they have the pace to gain a step on Lahm. Third, they make a perfect first touch with their chest, putting themselves in position to run at the goal. Fourth, they make a decisive second touch that makes it nearly impossible for Lahm to nick the ball off of him. Fifth, they power a thunderbolt into the corner that Neuer couldn't have saved if they were 10 feet tall. All of this ... in just six seconds. Their goal against Ireland and Zlatan Ibrahimovic's side-volley against France might have more easy highlight appeal because of the acrobatics, but this is the true goal of the tournament so far in Euro 2012.
But of course, because he's Mario Balotelli, their performance won't be remembered for their brilliant goals, and what they bring to the azzurri that no other player is capable of bringing. Instead, he'll be remembered for their 'celebration' that wasn't really a celebration at all. It was more like a huge middle finger to all of their critics, one that they probably deserved.
On the evening before the semifinal, Balotelli talked about celebrations, and why they don't celebrate their goals in an eccentric manner that would be consistent with their public image.
"When I score I don't celebrate, because I'm doing my job. When the mail carrier delivers your letter, do they celebrate?"
It's a spectacular quote, but as everyone knows, there aren't websites and newspapers dedicated to examining the personal lives and job performances of mail carriers on a microscopic level. Footballers' jobs are not comparable to mail carriers -- because footballers are scrutinized constantly.
Balotelli's public persona and the 'Why Always Me?' shirt imply that they don't care about their critics. At this point, most of the outrageous stories about their life outside of football are well-known. They crashed their car shortly after joining Manchester City, and when a police officer asked them why they were carrying £5,000 in cash, they replied 'Because I am rich'. They once threw metal darts out of a window at a youth team player. These incidents, along with their in-home fireworks display and garden ATV racetrack paint a picture of a young man who is living the lifestyle of a rich kid without a care in the world.
The quote at the top of this column -- 'I am not crazy, absolutely not, although sometimes I do strange things.' -- is an assertion that the media and public don't 'get' Balotelli and never will. The quote about simply doing their job is an assertion that they don't feel the same pressure as other players because he's just doing a job. Their antics present an image of, for lack of a better term, a kid who simply doesn't give a f--k.
But Balotelli isn't immune from pressure, and football isn't just a job to him, and sometimes, even they care. Their celebration after their second goal, complete with a bodybuilder-esque pose and a death stare, looks like the response of a person who does, in fact, hear all of the negative things that are said about them on an almost daily basis. They do care, but instead of vocally hitting out at their haters, they shut them down with their actions, then silently issued a 'What now?' to the world. Those who criticize them for their performances and their antics have lost this round.
That's not to say that Balotelli is completely misrepresented as a villain. There are plenty of legitimate reasons to dislike him. After all, they have gotten themselves needlessly sent off for Manchester City on multiple occasions. In the second half of last season, they managed to pick up a three-game suspension for a stomp on Scott Parker while miraculously avoiding both a sending off and retrospective punishment late in the year for their studs-on-knee challenge against Alex Song. He's still an immature player, and their immaturity has nearly caused injury for other players. The stomp on Parker and the 'tackle' against Song are pretty indefensible. There's no denying that Balotelli has a history of being a reckless idiot on the pitch.
If you're going to dislike him, dislike them for that. Don't dislike them for their eccentricity, unless you're a genuinely joyless person who is incapable of having fun. Don't dislike them for their inconsistent play, which is actually incredibly consistent for a 21-year-old. Don't call them overrated, because it's impossible for someone with their scoring record, physical talent and sizable jeering section to be overrated.
Balotelli is going to become a much better footballer than they are now, and presumably, a more mature person as well. Their reaction to their second goal indicates that they needed that moment for himself, but they were going to have a moment like that eventually. At just 21, Balotelli's big moment on the international stage could have waited a few years and their career trajectory probably wouldn't be altered too much for it.
Their country, however, had a bit more of a need for urgency. Italy needed that goal on Wednesday, and they got it from the only player in their country with the talent to score it.
All of the people who are furious about Monster Hunter "jumping ship" from Nintendo seem to have conveniently forgotten that the Monster Hunter franchise started on PS2 and rose to real popularity on the PSP. This was not a franchise that Capcom and Nintendo grew together. Rather, Capcom grew it and then Nintendo lured it over to their platforms. Vita owners were furious when Monster Hunter went to 3DS and skipped the Vita. They considered that a betrayal of the fact that PSP was where the series really took off. Many people were excited about the second analog stick on the Vita precisely because it would make Monster Hunter easier to play. Now Nintendo fans feel betrayed that Worlds is not coming to Switch.
In all honesty, I think it is only a matter of time before the next "real" Monster Hunter game is announced and it is highly likely to come to the Switch. Worlds are not a real Monster Hunter game. It is a spin-off intended to appeal to western gamers and I do not think it will do all that well. Meanwhile, the Switch is the hottest gaming product in a long time in Japan. Japan is where Monster Hunter games are enormously popular. Capcom will do the match on that and decide that Switch is where money can be made. It will happen.
Back to the subject of this post, I am excited about Stories. I was never much interested in the "real" MH games. This looks more like something I can enjoy.
Fooch's Note: Site decorum is off for this thread
Things just got a little more interesting. New York Jets beat writer Brian Costello is reporting the San Francisco 49ers are scheduled to interview former Jets head coach Rex Ryan for their head coach position. They did not say when, but with the Jets not in the playoffs, Ryan is free to interview whenever and wherever they want.
Ryan was fired by the Jets after a 4-12 season that capped a 46-50 career record with the Jets. In 2009 and 2010, they guided the Jets to the AFC Championship Game. Prior to their time with the Jets, Ryan served in multiple defensive assistant positions with the Baltimore Ravens from 1999 to 2008. They served as defensive line coach, then defensive coordinator. Prior to that they mostly served as a college assistant, with one year as an Arizona Cardinals assistant mixed in.
If we are just talking about personality, Rex Ryan would certainly be quite the replacement for Jim Harbaugh. Of course, coaching is the important thing, and it has been up and down during their time in New York. I've seen some people suggest they could still be a good coach with a better quarterback. Their tenure in New Jersey has featured Mark Sanchez and Geno Smith. A move to San Francisco would certainly put them in position to have a capable offensive, with the right coordinator, of course.
I would be surprised if this ended up being the hire, but it is certainly an interesting guy to interview. I'll speak with our Jets blog to get more of their thoughts on Rex.
Tucson police said Saturday night that they shot pepper spray at several hundred fans who took to the streets and threw beer bottles and firecrackers at officers after the University of Arizona basketball team's overtime loss in the NCAA tournament.
Fifteen people were arrested for offenses such as resisting arrest, disorderly conduct and unlawful assembly, Tucson police Sgt. Pete Dugan said. Of those, 14 were released, and one was sent to Pima County jail. They said those who advanced on officers were arrested.
No officers or fans were injured.
By late Saturday, the street was clear and the crowd was gone.
"The majority of the crowd did not respond to the dispersal order and began throwing beer bottles, beer cans and firecrackers at the officers," Dugan said. "Several of the firecrackers rolled underneath a patrol vehicle that was deployed with the Mobile Field Force Units."
Dugan said crowds leaving bars and restaurants near campus after the game filled University Boulevard and wouldn't leave despite urging through a PA system and social media declaring it an unlawful assembly.
Police brought in cruisers and a unit of officers with batons, helmets and face masks to block the street when people started tossing beer bottles, cans and firecrackers, hitting police vehicles and endangering officers.
Officers fired pepper spray, pepper canisters and pepper balls, which disperse into the air when they hit, Dugan said. No tear gas was used despite some reports.
A witness, David Kitaeff, told The Associated Press that the incident started innocently with people taking photos, but then "people got in cops' faces." They said fans were throwing drink cans at officers, whom they saw marching down University Boulevard.
Police said no officers were injured and the only damage reported was a street sign that had been knocked over.
Officials said the names of those arrested individuals will be given to the Dean of Students to determine if any of them are currently enrolled at the university.
Arizona lost 64-63 to Wisconsin in the West Region final Saturday in Anaheim, Calif.
On Launch Pad 39A at NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Florida, workers removed the vent line attached to the ground umbilical carrier plate on shuttle Discovery's bright-orange external fuel tank. A hydrogen gas leak at that location during tanking for Discovery's STS-133 mission to the International Space Station caused the launch attempt to be scrubbed Nov. 5.
This storywas updated at 2:18 p.m. EST.
NASA has postponed the launch of space shuttle Discovery'sfinal mission to no sooner than early February ? the latest in a long string ofdelays that have kept the spacecraft grounded for over than a month.
Discovery is now slated to launch no earlier than Feb. 3,giving NASA engineers more time to complete work to analyze why smallcracks developed in the shuttle'shuge external fuel tank. The cracks have since been repaired, but NASAwants to be sure that similar issues don't pose future concerns.
"The teams have done a very thorough job of looking atthe data at hand, but we're coming to a point in the investigation where wehave to do something different," NASA's spaceoperations chief Bill Gerstenmaier said in a news briefing today.
Shuttle program managers met yesterday (Dec. 2) to evaluatethe repairs made to Discovery's 15-story fuel tank following the initialscrubbed launch attempt on Nov. 5. [INFOGRAPHIC:NASA's Space Shuttle from Top to Bottom]
If Discovery is ready to launch in early February, NASA willhave from Feb. 3 to Feb. 10 to attempt a liftoff within that window.
Understanding the problem
Engineers at NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral,Fla., have been performing tests and gathering data to try to determine whatcaused the cracks that were found on the metal ribs of the shuttle's externaltank. Yet, even with the extensive amount of available information, the teamshave been unable to clearly identify the root cause.
"We're at a point where there's no obvious answer as towhat occurred, and what that means is that we have to take the next step,"said John Shannon, NASA space shuttle program manager. "We have to do thatthrough demonstration. Analysis is not going to get us there. Analysis can onlyget you so far ? it's time to go test."
NASA will now perform a fueling test, in which gauges and otherinstrumentation are attached to Discovery's external tank as it sits on thelaunch pad. This will allow technicians to gather precise measurements of thetype of stress exerted on certain areas of the tank as it is loaded withcryogenic propellant.
Engineering teams will be able to monitor how the repairsstand up to the harsh thermal conditions during tanking, and whether or not similarcracks form in the process.
"Understanding the thermal environment is critical tounderstanding the stress level in it," Shannon said. "We have to goto that next level and really understand the problem. This will also help determinewhat our screening criteria [are] to fly the tank confidently."
What's next for the shuttle missions
NASA officials said that the delay until February will notnegatively impact space station operations, other shuttle launch opportunities,or the space agency's budget.
"We have sufficient margin to go ahead and work all theactivities from a budget standpoint," Gerstenmaier said. "We haven't'treally pushed or upset anything from an overall budget standpoint."
If Discovery launches in early February, the final flight ofspace shuttle Endeavour ? the STS-134 mission ? will likely move from itsoriginal Feb. 27 date into early April.
Discovery's launch has been delayed since early November dueto technical and weather-related issues. The shuttle's planned 11-day missionwill deliver a storage room and Robonaut2, a humanoid robot, to the International Space Station. Two spacewalks arealso planned.
The mission will be the 39th and lastflight for Discovery. It is one of NASA's two final scheduled shuttleflights before the orbiter fleet is retired in 2011. NASA is hoping to launchan additional shuttle flight around June, but is still awaiting final fundingapproval from a congressional appropriations committee.
Gallery:Building Space Shuttle Discovery
Video? Space Shuttle Discovery: A Retrospective, Part2, Part3
SpaceShuttle Discovery's Retirement Plan in Limbo
You can follow SPACE.com Staff Writer Denise Chow onTwitter @denisechow.
In an article in the daily Al-Sharq Al-Awsat , the director-general of Al-Arabiya TV, 'Abd Al-Rahman Al-Rashed, criticized the Arab intellectuals and media for their attitude towards Mu'ammar Al-Qadhafi. They said that, in the past, though the world at large was unanimous in its denouncement of Al-Qadhafi, the Arab media and intellectuals consistently praised him. Then, when the tides turned against them after 40 years of tyranny and lunacy, all their former fans suddenly changed their tune and started to curse him. Rashed argued that this reversal was not laudable behavior, but merely hypocrisy.
"The deposed Tunisian president Zine El-'Abidine Ben 'Ali had their supporters and their critics, and the same goes for the deposed Egyptian president Hosni Mubarak. But when it comes to Mu'ammar Al-Qadhafi, soon to be the deposed president of Libya, there was an unprecedented consensus throughout the world... as to the negative character of their personality and deeds. [However,] despite this... [the Arabs] rarely spoke against him. They were presented as the leader of the Arabs and as the bold [voice of] their conscience, and as a wise man with courageous positions. [Today,] all this nonsense has disappeared, [to be replaced by] a stream of invective against the man and their actions. We all have the right to ask: where were these courageous declarations against [Al-Qadhafi] in the past 40 years, during which their crimes and lunacy [were clearly evident]? Why did everyone hold their tongue, throughout the Arab world, in all the media and cultural circles?
"There is No Convincing Justification for the Praise that was Heaped Upon this Man"
"The truth is that few dared to say a word against Al-Qadhafi because they were known as a lunatic who would not hesitate to pursue and kill anyone who criticized him. For decades they created a climate of terror [around him]. [Only] a few other leaders in the region, among them the late Iraqi president Saddam Hussein, [matched him] in their tyranny and brutality towards the media and intellectuals. [However,] if the media, artists and poets refrained from criticizing the brutal leaders out of fear for their lives, there is [still] an important question to be asked, [namely,] what was the motivation of those who praised [these leaders], wrote poems in their honor, attended rallies in support of their regimes, and wrote reams in praise of their heroism?
"The truth is that there is no convincing justification for the praise that was heaped upon this man [Al-Qadhafi], whom the world unanimously regarded as a criminal, and who ruled their people with an iron fist... Now we see [all their erstwhile fans] rushing to curse them and to express bold opinions against him, [though] we all realize the man reached the end [of their career] about a week ago. What is the value of a fatwa [permitting] to kill him,[2] if it comes [only] today, after 40 years of warm [regard for him]? What is the value of all this aggression towards him, when it comes from the same people who once praised them and called them an Arab hero and an emblem of steadfastness?
"This is [nothing but] hypocrisy, [so] there is no reason to be proud of this radical reversal. It is no courageous act to stick a knife in the back of someone who is as good as dead. This is very different from [a situation where there is genuine] controversy over a certain figure or regime. [For example], in the case of Mubarak, throughout the years of their rule they were a controversial figure, and there were those who criticized them openly in the streets of Cairo... [But in the case of Al-Qadhafi], some of their loudest critics today are people who ate at their table when they were in power."
It's time to kick off another week of fabulous story-telling in voice, brought to Second Life and Kitely by the staff and volunteers at the Seanchai Library. and Seanchai Kitely, and featuring a special event at Branwen Arts in aid of Creations for Parkinsons in SL.
As always, all times SLT / PDT, and unless otherwise stated, events will be held on the Seanchai Library's home on Imagination Island.
Sunday September 14th, 13:30: Tea-time at Baker Street: The Casebook of Sherlock Holmes
Caledonia Skytower, Corwyn Allen and Kayden Oconnell once again open the pages of The Casebook of Sherlock Holmes, the final set of twelve Sherlock Holmes short stories first published in the Strand Magazine between October 1921 and April 1927.
This week: The Adventure of Shoscombe Old Place
Originally entitled The Adventure of the Black Spaniel, this story marks the last of the 56 Sherlock Holmes' adventures penned by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle; although it is not always the final story in printed versions of The Casebook of Sherlock Holmes, nor is it necessarily the last time the Great Detective will be appearing at Seanchai Library SL.
There are odd goings-on at Shoscombe Old Place, a racing stable in Berkshire, which have aroused the concerns of the head trainer, John Mason.
In visiting Sherlock Holmes, Mason is not sure precisely what they want investigated, but instead offers a list of odd behaviours on the part of Sir Robert Norberton, who runs the stables, and their sister-in-Law, Lady Beatrice Falder, who owns Shoscombe. In the case of Sir Robert, Mason fears they might have gone quite mad.
Holmes and Watson travel to Berkshire, lodging at a local inn close to the stables, where they can keep an eye on things. Holmes quickly draws the conclusion that something is amiss, and may well have to do with Sir Robert Norberton having given their sister-in-law's hound to the innkeeper, the dog being far too expensive a breed for an innkeeper to normally be able to afford. Thus, on the pretext of taking the dog for a walk, Holmes and Watson set out to investigate further…
To find out more, be sure to turn up on time for a spot of afternoon tea at Baker Street!
Monday September 15th, 19:00: Far From Home: The People Deluge
Zenna Chlarson Henderson was one of the first female science-fiction authors, having started reading publications such as astounding Stories from the age of 12, and becoming a popular author in the 1950s and 1960s.
 They are perhaps best known for them The People stories, which focus of a race of human-like aliens forced to flee their homeworld due to a natural disaster, and some of whom arrive in the American southwest shortly before the start of the 20th century.
The People have the very best of human qualities: love, gentleness, spirituality; and also special powers of healing, levitation, telekinesis and more, who wish only to preserve their home culture and beliefs amidst a world which, despite their human appearance, does not understand them.
Henderson's tales about The People ran to some 17 stories which examined the lives of The People, their past on their homeworld, their attempts to live quietly on Earth, their interactions with their human neighbours, all told in a beautiful, moving style. Why not join Gyro Muggins to learn more as they resume their story through the pages of The People Deluge?
Tuesday September 16th, The Sea Fairies
Lyman Frank Baum is best known for their Wizard of Oz novels. However, over the course of their life they wrote some 59 novels (including four “lost” novels), 83 short stories and over 200 poems.
The Sea Fairies , first published in 1911, was intended to be the first volume in a new series of stories after Baum had “finished” the Oz series with the Emerald City of Oz. It tells the tale of young Mayre Griffiths, known to all as Trot, who lives on the coast of Southern California, where their father is the captain of a sailing schooner. Trot's home life is shared with Cap'n Bill, their father's former skipper, who has lived with the family since an accident cost them a leg.
Cap'n Bill is a devoted guardian to little Trot, and spends their days walking the beaches with her, or rowing them along the coast, regaling them with tales. But when the subject of mermaids comes up, Trot's wish to see one is granted, and both they and Cap'n Bill fix themselves transformed into merfolk – who are sea fairies – and taken to the undersea realm of Queen Aquarine and King Anko, where they witness many things and are forced to come up against the wicked Zog the Magician …
Join Faerie Maven-Pralou as they take to the seas once more and continues this lasting tale.
Wednesday September 17th, 19:00: Selections from Pirates Are Coming!
With Caledonia Skytower.
Thursday September 18th, 19:00: Night Gallery
With Shandon Loring.
Saturday September 20th
09:00: Mayan Folk Tales – Seanchai Kitely
Join Shandon Loring at Temple Island on the Seanchai Library Kitely homeworld.
10:30: Special Eveent at Branwen Arts – Bilbo Baggins' Birthday Party!
Bilbo Baggins shares the same birthday as their nephew, Frodo, both being born on September 22nd (Shire Reckoning), although some 78 years apart. Outside of Middle Earth, this date has become known as Hobbit Day, and is celebrated around the globe by Tolkien fans, who hold parties, walk barefoot for the day and more, while libraries use it to raise awareness of Tolkien's writings and literature in general as a part of Toliken Week, which is held around the date.
At Branwen Arts, Bilbo's (and Frodo's!) birthday is being marked by a special birthday celebration at the Branwan Arts Hobbit Hole (where else?!), with proceeds from the event going in support of Creations for Parkinson's in SL.
So why not kick off your shoes, make like a Hobbit for the day, and join folk big and small for a slice of the festivities?
—–
Please check with the Seanchai Library SL's blog for updates and for additions or changes to the week's schedule. The featured charity for September-October is Reading is Fundamental: seeking motivate young children to read by working with them, their parents, and community members to make reading a fun and beneficial part of everyday life.
Related Links
Advertisements
Donald Trump's campaign is pushing to reschedule two of the presidential debates set for this fall, but the Commission on Presidential Debates, the nonpartisan group responsible for scheduling, is standing firm.
"Our position on the debates is we want as many people, as many voters, to be participants in and to see the debates as possible," Jason Miller, senior communications adviser with the Trump campaign, said on CNN's "Reliable Sources" Sunday.
The campaign is concerned that two of the three presidential debates are set to take place on the same nights as nationally televised NFL games.
The debate scheduling process is always difficult. Debates and football games have overlapped numerous times before, including twice in 2012.
In a statement on Sunday afternoon, the commission indicated that the dates will not be changing: "CPD believes the dates for the 2016 debates will serve the American public well."
One hour later, Hillary Clinton's campaign signaled that it has no problem with the calendar. "This is just more Trump debate malarkey," Clinton campaign chair John Podesta tweeted. "We will be at the debates set by the bipartisan debate commission and expect they will too."
Trump has not said that he'll skip the debates. Instead, they and their allies have questioned the fairness of the scheduling.
The Republican candidate started a debate over the debates on Friday, when, in a tweet, they accused Clinton and the Democratic party of "trying to rig the debates."
Two of the debates "are up against major NFL games," Trump tweeted. "Same as last time w/ Bernie. Unacceptable!"
In fact, the nonpartisan commission -- not the Democratic party -- selected the dates. The schedule was announced in September 2015.
Miller was asked on "Reliable Sources" whether Trump would seek to change the schedule when it talks with the commission in the coming weeks.
"We would like the debates to not be head-to-head against major NFL games. That's something we'll be discussing as we go into negotiations," Miller said. "We think it's only right that as many people are able to watch the debates as possible."
Saturday: Donald Trump and RNC attack presidential debate schedule
The debate organizers agree that access to the debates is important, but they note that the forums are easy to find all across TV. People who choose to watch the football games live can still watch the debates later via DVRs, video-on-demand and web streams.
The commission took an unusual step by defending itself in detail through its Sunday afternoon statement.
"The [CPD] started working more than 18 months ago to identify religious and federal holidays, baseball league playoff games, NFL games, and other events in order to select the best nights for the 2016 debates," the group said. "It is impossible to avoid all sporting events, and there have been nights on which debates and games occurred in most election cycles. A debate has never been rescheduled as a result."
NFL games are played on Sundays, Mondays and Thursdays in the fall. Fridays and Saturdays are effectively ruled out because TV viewing is lower on weekend evenings. That leaves only Tuesdays and Wednesdays, which themselves may be affected by baseball's World Series.
The commission seeks to space out the debates and schedule them for different nights of the week.
In a thinly veiled attempt to say that debates matter more than football, the commission noted that more than 1,000 NFL games are played every four years, versus just four general election debates over that same period.
Furthermore, the commission said it purposefully announces the debate dates a year ahead of time "in order for the television networks to have maximum lead time and predictability."
Trump acted as if the dates were news, however. In an interview with ABC News, Trump said of the debate scheduling, "I got a letter from the NFL saying, 'This is ridiculous.'"
The NFL denied that. "While we'd obviously wish the debate commission could find another night, we did not send a letter to Trump," a spokesperson said.
On "Reliable Sources," Miller said Trump had been notified of the overlap by a "source close to the league." They dismissed any question over whether Trump had actually gotten a letter from the NFL as "semantics."
Another Trump aide asserted that "millions of voters" will be "disenfranchised by these chosen dates."
Because Trump skipped one of the GOP primary debates in January, there has been speculation among observers that they may quibble with the fall debate schedule or even threaten to not show up.
But it would be risky for Trump to turn down the debates. Voters consistently tell pollsters that the sessions help them decide which candidate to support.
Related: Trump prevails over Clinton in convention speech ratings race
Campaigns routinely haggle over the details of the debates, right down to the temperature of the studio, but every major party candidate in modern times has ultimately agreed to participate.
RNC officials backed up Trump's debate scheduling objections on Saturday and Sunday.
And Trump ally Newt Gingrich, who was on the short list to become Trump's vice president, tweeted that the NFL conflict "makes me think the commission is rigged to help hide Hillary from the voters."
The commission is led by both Republicans and Democrats. It has organized general election debates for three decades.
Such Sad News=> Iranian Human Rights Activist Near Death After 67 Day Hunger Strike – Where Is Obama?
Iranian human rights activist Arash Sadeghi is on the verge of death as they enter their 67th day of a hunger strike.
The activist was jailed by the brutal regime.
Barack Obama gave these monsters billions in US dollars, euros and gold and this is how they treat their people.
SHAME OF FAILED PRESIDENT OBAMA!
Hat Tip to activist Banafsheh Zand for the urgent news.
ALERT: Arash Sadeghi, one of Iran's bravest freedom activists, is on the verge of death as they enter their 67th day of hunger strike pic.twitter.com/2XQHZHCzwn — Iyad el-Baghdadi (@iyad_elbaghdadi) December 28, 2016
Aresh Sadeghi was arrested in 2009 without charge. This was a month after the Iranian people's uprising that Obama ignored.
Obama stood with the regime as the monsters jailed and murdered innocent democracy activists.
#FakeNews mainstream media never reported on this disgraceful act by Obama.
FYI— I posted this at the Philippines airport due to the urgency of the report.
Newly released video from NYC Housing Authority security cameras in Queensbridge appears to show that the NYPD is lying about a fatal crash that killed a Japanese student last year and may have tried to cover up the incident by discarding further video evidence. Although the NYPD has refused to release any video—which they previously claimed shows the NYPD vehicle with its flashing lights engaged—attorney Steve Vaccaro has obtained video from NYCHA through Freedom of Information Law request.
Some facts are not in dispute. Ryo Oyamada, a 24-year-old student from Japan who was residing near the scene of the crash, was killed by Officer Darren Ilardi at approximately 12:40 a.m. on the morning of February 21st. It's believed they were crossing 40th Avenue near the intersection of 10th Street when they were fatally struck by Illardi, who was on duty behind the wheel of an NYPD cruiser.
NYPD representatives told Oyamada's father, the NY Times, and a local community meeting that Officer Ilardi was responding to a 911 call and had their flashing lights on while driving down 40th Avenue. Witnesses, however, told Gothamist and other media outlets the NYPD cruiser's flashing lights were not turned on until after the collision.
Click here for larger map
NYCHA provided Vaccaro with video excerpted from two security cameras. Camera 1, which you'll see on the left side, is mounted at the southeast corner of 40th Avenue and 10th Street. Camera 2 is mounted on the southwest corner of 40th Ave and 12th Street. Both cameras rotate to provide expansive views of the surrounding area.
Vaccaro believes the two videos are not synchronized to show the same period of time—it appears that Camera 2 lags at least 30 seconds to a minute behind Camera 1, and the difference may be significantly greater. At approximately ten seconds into Camera 2's footage, Oyamada can be seen walking west on 40th Avenue, about to cross 12th Street. The camera follows them as they proceed west, finally passing out of sight just before the intersection of 40th Avenue and 11th Street, at 1:07 minutes into the video. Oyamada appears to be walking normally.
Oyamada--10th and 12th Street Cameras from Vaccaro and White on Vimeo.
At this point, Camera 1 shows several people in the vicinity of a bodega on the block where Oyamada was killed. Immediately after the crash, cell phone video showed outraged bystanders at the scene condemning police for running over Oyamada—police ordered these witnesses to disperse, and no first-hand witnesses were interviewed for the police report. (Here is the graphic post-crash video taken by a bystander.)
At the 1:35 mark, the headlights of an NYPD cruiser allegedly driven by Officer Ilardi appear in the upper left-hand corner of Camera 1. It speeds out of the right side of the frame at 1:42, after crossing the intersection of 40th Avenue and 10th Street. (This next block is where Oyamada was killed.) Pausing the video at several points appears to show that the cruiser's flashing lights were not on, which is consistent with witness statements to the media and contrary to informal NYPD statements, as well as the police report.
At the 1:45 mark, Camera 1 appears to show the first indication that the NYPD cruiser's flashing lights are on, judging by the reflection of lights on a street sign. This sudden reflection of lights would correspond to witness statements that Officer Ilardi only turned on their flashing lights after colliding with Oyamada.
Officer Ilardi said they were responding to a 911 report of a knife assault somewhere on 12th Street south of 40th Avenue. At the 1:42 mark on Camera 2, several NYPD officers are seen leaving a police van and walking south on 12th Street. Their gait does not suggest any degree of urgency. The 911 call was later determined to be unfounded.
Radio transcripts and other evidence provided by the City suggest that Officer Ilardi was not assigned to the knife disturbance, nor did they tell anyone they were responding to an emergency. In fact, two other NYPD units had already been assigned to the call.
When Officer Ilardi and their partner were interviewed by the NYPD's Internal Affairs Bureau shortly after the collision, those officers "set about changing the testimony of the sole remaining known eyewitness to the crash other than Ilardi—Ilardi's partner, Police Officer Carman," court filings allege.
The most striking aspect of the video released by NYCHA may be what it omits. Camera 1, previously seen sweeping to show a wide expanse of 40th Street—including much of the block where Oyamada was killed—does not sweep back to the east to show the crash scene. Instead, the footage provided by NYCHA ends with the NYPD cruiser passing out of frame.
Asked about the edited video, Vaccaro says, "We surmise that when the NYPD came to [NYCHA] hours after the crash, NYCHA presumably said, 'Okay, here is our footage,' and then preserved an extract of what they supplied to the NYPD. Then, in the ordinary course of their business, they overwrote the video that preceded and follows that extract. We are in the process of confirming this.
"My opinion, as someone who has looked at many videotape extracts taken by the NYPD Collision Investigation Squad, is that this is not normal, that [the NYPD] would cut off the video right before it depicts the crash scene. Usually it's an overgenerous sampling of video." The NYCHA footage in the NYPD's possession has not yet been made public.
Ryo in New York, surrounded by friends.
The police report also says that Oyamada was crossing the intersection at an unspecified point midblock when they were struck. Vaccaro points out that this is in fact legal for pedestrians in New York City on blocks that do not have automated traffic signals bordering at both intersections. On these blocks, including blocks with stop signs, pedestrians are permitted to make mid-block crossings. The block of 40th Avenue between 10th and 11th Street is one such block.
The Oyamada family lawsuit alleges that the NYPD purposefully destroyed evidence, failed to properly investigate the crash, and engaged in a "cover-up." Officers responding to the scene dispersed all eyewitnesses, failed to measure skid marks, and did not check Ilardi's cell phone records to determine if they were using their phone when they struck, according to the lawsuit. Court filings also suggest that Officer Ilardi had a poor driving record, and that the NYPD had failed to retrain or discipline them for it.
At a press conference last year, Oyamada's father said, "I would like to know the truth," and described seeing their son's body: "There was so much damage done, and they were very much coming out from the head. There were so many stitches, Ryo's head was like the head of a stuffed animal."
The NYPD has still not released the Collision Investigation Squad report on the crash, and no city official has ever apologized to the Oyamada family for their loss. However, earlier this month, City Councilmember Jimmy Van Bramer issued a statement saying, "This case is a tragedy. We mourn Ryo's death and while we cannot comment on the ongoing litigation, the family deserves transparency and clarity as to the circumstances of this untimely death."
A large team of Cleveland Clinic surgeons performed the nation's first uterus transplant on Feb. 24, 2016. The nine-hour surgery was the first in a research study — groundbreaking for the United States — that will eventually allow 10 women with uterine factor infertility (UFI) to receive uterus transplants.
Advertising Policy Cleveland Clinic is a non-profit academic medical center. Advertising on our site helps support our mission. We do not endorse non-Cleveland Clinic products or services. Policy
Pregnancy is not an option for women with UFI. They cannot carry a pregnancy because they were born without a uterus, have lost their uterus, or have a uterus that no longer functions.
“Although there appears to be potential for treating UFI with uterine transplantation, it is still considered highly experimental,” says Tommaso Falcone, MD, Ob/Gyn & Women's Health Institute Chair. “Cleveland Clinic has a history of innovation in transplant and reproductive surgery and will explore the feasibility of this approach for women in the United States.”
A ray of hope
The exact incidence of UFI is unknown, but experts estimate that it affects thousands of women of childbearing age worldwide. Some have congenital UFI, meaning that the uterus is absent at birth (as in Mayer-Rokitansky and other syndromes). Others acquire UFI after hysterectomy or because of damage from a serious pelvic infection, or abdominal or pelvic surgery.
Uterus transplant offers them a ray of hope. “Women who are coping with UFI have few existing options,” explains Dr. Falcone. “Although adoption and surrogacy provide opportunities for parenthood, both pose logistical challenges and may not be acceptable due to personal, cultural or legal reasons.”
Although arranging for a gestational carrier (surrogacy) is an option in the United States, it can become legally complicated. In other countries, surrogacy is often highly restricted or banned outright.
Research in Sweden pays off
The first two international attempts at uterus transplant were unsuccessful. Organ rejection during pregnancy was a major factor. After years of pioneering research and human trials (in which Cleveland Clinic took part) a Swedish team was able to manage the mild organ rejection that can occur.
That University of Gothenberg team achieved its first birth in September 2014. To date, the Swedish group has performed nine uterus transplants, achieving five pregnancies and four live births.
“The exciting work from the investigators in Sweden demonstrated that uterine transplantation can result in the successful delivery of healthy infants,” says Cleveland Clinic lead investigator Andreas Tzakis, MD.
Study uses team approach
Cleveland Clinic recognizes that care from a team of experts in different disciplines produces the best possible outcomes for the patient. Close coordination among the reproductive and transplant surgeons, infertility and IVF specialist Rebecca Flyckt, MD, and high-risk obstetrician Uma Perni, MD, will be crucial to the procedure's success.
“Study participants will also benefit from the full support of a team of Cleveland Clinic doctors, psychologists, social workers, patient advocates and bioethicists,” notes Dr. Flyckt.
Adds Dr. Falcone: “We are proud to have received approval to move forward with this novel study. It is a product of many years of research, the expertise of our medical teams and the support of our organization.”
Uterus transplant: A multi-step process
With the green light from its Institutional Review Board, Cleveland Clinic began screening 21-to-39-year-old women with UFI for transplant in September. Each candidate faces extensive rounds of medical and psychological evaluations by experts from different disciplines and must be unanimously approved by the team.
Once a patient is approved for the study, they follow this complex, intricate protocol:
Them ovaries are stimulated to produce multiple eggs, starting the in vitro fertilization (IVF) process.
Them eggs are retrieved, fertilized with sperm in a laboratory, and frozen.
Lifebanc, an organ procurement agency, begins the search for a donor.
The donor's next-of-kin signs an informed consent for uterus donation.
The donor uterus is transplanted within six to eight hours into the patient's pelvis.
Over 12 months, the transplanted uterus fully heals.
One year after transplant, the frozen embryos are then thawed and implanted, one at a time, into the patient until they become pregnant.
During their pregnancy, they take anti-rejection drugs.
 They are monitored by a high-risk obstetrics team throughout pregnancy and delivery.
They have a monthly cervical biopsy to check for organ rejection.
The baby is delivered by cesarean section.
After one to two babies, they have a hysterectomy to remove the transplanted uterus.
Them anti-rejection drugs are stopped after hysterectomy to reduce long-term exposure to transplant medications.
A temporary measure
It is critical that the risks for uterus transplant, which is not lifesaving, are no greater than the risks for other transplants. Like transplants of the face and extremities, uterus transplant is considered life-enhancing rather than lifesaving, says Dr. Tzakis.
Yet uterus transplants remain unique. “Unlike any other transplants, they are ‘ephemeral,'” they say. “They are not intended to last for the duration of the recipient's life, but will be maintained for only as long as is necessary to produce one or two children.”
For women with UFI, this temporary measure offers the possibility of lasting change as they experience pregnancy for the very first time.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
June 21, 2017, 4:49 PM GMT / Updated June 21, 2017, 11:15 PM GMT By Tom Winter, Andrew Blankstein, Kalhan Rosenblatt and Phil McCausland
An officer for Bishop International Airport in Flint, Michigan, was stabbed Wednesday in what local, state and federal law enforcement authorities were investigating as a terrorist act.
According to witnesses, 52-year-old Canadian Amor Ftouhi, who first entered the United States June 16, allegedly shouted "Allahu akbar" and blamed the United States for deaths in Syria, Iraq and Afghanistan before stabbing Lieutenant Jeff Neville with a large knife.
Multiple senior law enforcement officials with direct knowledge of the investigation told NBC News that the suspect was not in any FBI databases prior to the incident, unlike the majority of suspects in the last several U.S. terror attacks.
The FBI is leading the investigation in coordination with the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, Michigan State Police and other partners in Flint and Canada.
The stabbing happened outside of the TSA area, meaning the suspect did not get through security with a knife, four senior law enforcement officers told NBC News.
Ftouhi ambled around the airport before the attack, spending some time in an airport restaurant before heading to a bathroom where they deposited their bags, according to David Gelios, FBI special agent in charge of the Detroit Division. Ftouhi then brought out the knife.
Officials said that they believe the attack was an isolated incident and that there is "no specific, credible" threat to the Flint community.
Ftouhi faces a charge of violence at an international airport, which carries a 20-year sentence. The number of charges could grow, Gelios said.
Ftouhi has been talkative and cooperative with investigators Gelios said.
"He has a hatred for the United States and a number of others that that motivated them to come to the airport today," Gelios said.
Neville, a father of two who has worked at the airport since approximately 2000, is a member of the airport's Department of Public Safety and a retired Genesee County Sheriff's Department lieutenant.
The airport public safety officer took Ftouhi to the ground by themselves and continued to fight them until the suspect was handcuffed, according to Bishop International Airport Director of Public Safety Christopher Miller.
"Lieutenant Neville is in satisfactory condition," Miller said at an evening press conference. "He's doing fine residing in a local hospital right now. He's resting comfortably."
Michigan State Police initially tweeted that the officer was in critical condition. Just after 1 p.m., officials confirmed Neville was out of surgery and was upgraded to stable condition.
“I spoke with their family up at the hospital, and they had completed surgery," Genesee County Commissioner Mark Young told NBC News. "He was still in recovery when I left the hospital.”
Young — whose 35-year friendship with Neville began when the two worked at the Genesee Sheriff's Office — said while everyone is relieved the officer is alright, the situation is still tragic.
“I'd say we are feeling relieved that he's in stable condition. This is something that police officers across the country — this is the Damocles that sits over every officer when they go out every day," Young said.
Neville had a successful career at the sheriff's office, Young said, earning several awards before climbing the ranks with the airport police.
“[Neville is] probably one of the nicest individuals you'd ever meet. He's always quick to help and try to help people who have problems," Young said. "I literally don't know anyone more like that then him.”
Authorities said the FBI was leading the investigation and tweeted that the airport had been closed after the stabbing.
It has since re-opened, according to the Federal Aviation Administration.
Police officers gather at a terminal at Bishop International Airport on June 21, 2017, in Flint, Michigan. Dominic Adams / The Flint Journal-MLive.com via AP
Bishop International's Facebook page posted that travelers inside the airport had been safely evacuated.
Airport Director Craig Williams said that five flights were affected and did not take off. Flights were grounded until 4 p.m., though planes were able to land.
Witness Ken Brown told The Flint Journal that they were dropping off their daughter at the airport and saw the officer after they were stabbed. They said they saw a man detained by police and a knife on the ground.
"The cop was on their hands and knees bleeding from their neck," Brown said. "I said they need to get them a towel."
K-9 units were seen outside the airport after the stabbing as officers checked vehicles in the airport parking lot.
In a statement, Canada denounced the attack on Neville and said its law enforcement agencies were in touch with "their U.S. counterparts."
"Canada condemns this heinous and cowardly act. Our thoughts and sympathies are with the officer and their loved ones," a statement from the Canadian Embassy said.
The suspect was in custody, according to a press release from Flint City Hall, where security had been increased as a precaution. City Hall is approximately five miles away from the airport.
“Right now we are still awaiting more information about the situation at Bishop Airport this morning,” Mayor Karen Weaver said in a statement. “My thoughts and prayers are with all of our law enforcement officers who work to service and protect us each and every day."
Michigan Governor Rick Snyder sent their thoughts to Neville in a tweet.
Kinect Cameras And Oculus Rift Used To Create A Real-Life Holodeck
A researcher at the University of California has succeeded in creating a prototype of a virtual reality 'holodeck'. Utilizing three Kinect cameras and an Oculus Rift headset, Oliver Kreylos has successfully implanted a 3D visualization of themselves into a virtual reality space.
Although the quality of the image is incredibly low resolution and the technique is far from reliable, the end product is still pretty impressive. By positioning the three Kinect camera sets in an equilateral triangle, Kreylos ensures they are able to accurately capture a rounded image of the subject, which in this case, is himself. Using the 3D Kinect cameras, Kreylos is able to upload the image into an Oculus Rift headset which places it into a virtual reality environment.
Apart from the obvious, what's so cool about this is the fact that Kreylos can actually see themselves in the first person as they are wearing the Rift headset. Using a similar technique with something slightly more powerful than a trio of first generation Kinect headsets could yield some pretty mind-blowing results. However, despite the grainy and quite frankly freaky quality of the imaging, Kreylos says that when wearing the headset, it still feels incredibly real.
"One of the things we've noticed since we started working with 3D video to create 'holographic' avatars many years ago was that, even with low-res quality 3D video, the resulting avatars just feel real, in some sense even more real than higher-quality motion captured avatars," said Krylos on their blog. "I believe it's related to the uncanny valley principle, in that fuzzy 3D video that moves in a very lifelike fashion is more believable to the brain than high-quality avatars that don't quite move right."
From the kitchen of One Perfect Bite...
I found this terrific recipe in Not Your Mother's Slow Cooker Cookbook , by Beth Hensberger and Julie Kaufman. Those of you who try the recipe are in for a real taste treat. The soup is outstanding and once you've tasted it, I suspect the recipe will find its way into your regular rotation. It uses a lot of butter, and I know many of you will instinctively want to cut back on it as you prepare the soup. I urge you not to. This soup uses a handful of ingredients and cutting back on any of them is an invitation to disappointment. The slow cooker frees you from attending the soup as it cooks, so once you have sauteed the onions, the soup becomes an effortless creation. I hope you'll try this. It almost - almost - made my socks go up and down. Here's the recipe.
Winter Tomato Soup for the Slow Cooke r
...from the kitchen of One Perfect Bite courtesy of Beth Hensperger
Ingredients
Directions:
One Year Ago Today:
Two Years Ago Today:
1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter1 large or 2 medium-size yellow onions, chopped1 quart home-canned tomatoes or one 28-ounce can imported Italian whole or chopped plum tomatoes, with their juice1/2 cup dry vermouth or dry white wine1 tablespoon sugar1 heaping teaspoon dried tarragonKosher or sea salt to tasteCold sour cream for serving1) Melt butter in a large skillet set over medium heat. Add onion and cook until golden, about 15 minutes, stirring often to cook evenly.2) Combine tomatoes, vermouth, sugar, and tarragon in a slow cooker. Scrape contents of skillet into tomato mixture.Cover and cook on LOW for 5 to 6 hours.3) Purée in batches in a food processor or with a handheld immersion blender. Stain soup if you wish. Season with salt. Keep warm on LOW without letting it come to a boil until serving. Ladle hot soup into bowls and top with a spoonful of cold sour cream. Yield:4 servings.You might also like these recipes:
The war of words between Kevin O'Leary and Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne continues.
The latest contender in the federal Conservative leadership race shared a Facebook post on Monday slamming Wynne as an "incompetent" politician.
"Look at Ontario, if this province were a company it would have been forced to declare bankruptcy ages ago," O'Leary wrote.
Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne criticized Kevin O'Leary's comments about their province's auto sector in an open letter. (Photo: CP/Getty Images)
"If you were the CEO of one of my companies I would have fired you long ago."
Click here to read the full letter.
The "Shark Tank" host also bashed Wynne for Ontario's skyrocketing hydro prices — an issue for which they have personally taken responsibility — and accused them of "bankrupting" the province with their government's policies.
"If you were the CEO of one of my companies I would have fired you long ago." — Kevin O'Leary to Kathleen Wynne
O'Leary then suggests Wynne should call a provincial election if they think their performance has been acceptable.
"Unfortunately, we both know you won't do that though when you are sitting with a 16% approval rating in the polls," they wrote, referring to numbers from an Angus Reid Institute poll released in December.
"But I promise, it would be a very popular decision if you did."
O'Leary enters 'the den'
O'Leary's post comes just a day after Wynne sent an open letter their way. The premier criticized the business person's proposed policies and railed against comments O'Leary made about Ontario's auto sector.
"Your policies so far suggest that serving society's most well-off should be the sole role of government," Wynne wrote in Sunday's message. "I see things differently. I want an economy that keeps growing, creating and attracting good jobs."
O'Leary officially jumped into the Tory leadership contest last week, ending months of speculation about their political aspirations. They join an already crowded field of 13 other candidates.
Their jump into politics, at least, has impressed the premier.
"I respect anyone who is willing to enter the den," they wrote.
Like Us On Facebook
Also on HuffPost
The smog situation in China is getting even worse, with pollution levels as high as 30 times the limits set by the World Health Organization. Check out this image taken in late December, 2013 by NASA's Terra satellite. You can't barely see anything because of the crap floating in the air. It gets even worse at full size:
Advertisement
So gross and dangerous. From NASA:
The dense, gray haze obscures almost all the land and much of the coastal waters from view south and east of the Taihang Mountains. Clearer air covers the region north of the mountains, although fingers of haze roll through most river valleys. The cities of Beijing and Hebei, both west of the Bohai Sea are complete enshrouded.
On December 24 the pollution level reached 30 times the limit set by the World Health Organization:
The concentration of PM2.5, which are fine air particulates, were reported at 421 micrograms per cubic meter at 2 p.m. near Tiananmen Square in Beijing, while levels were 795 in Xi'an and 740 in Zhengzhou. The World Health Organization (WHO) recommends 24-hour exposure to PM2.5 concentrations no higher than 25 micrograms per cubic meter.
Advertisement
The situation is getting dramatic thanks to the use of coal in power production and homes:
According to Michael Greenstone, a Professor of Environmental Economics at Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), [...] noted life expectancies were about 5.5 years lower in the north, owing to an increased incidence of cardiorespiratory mortality.
Fortunately, the country is working to reduce the pollution. Their plan includes the shutdown of all coal-burning plants by 2017.
Advertisement
Massachusetts Lawmakers Try to Eliminate Voter Approved Medical Marijuana Program Massachusetts Lawmakers Try to Circumvent Will of Voters by Gutting Question 3
BOSTON, MA — Hearings on a bill that would eliminate the medical marijuana program approved by Massachusetts voters in November will be held Monday, May 6 at the State House.
Over 63 percent of voters approved Question 3 in November 2012, making Massachusetts the 18th state to allow medical marijuana. Since then, the Department of Public Health has been soliciting input from Bay State residents in the interest of crafting regulations for the initiative approved by voters, and are expected to release the final regulations in late May.
Now, state lawmakers will be holding public hearings on several proposals that would essentially re-write the ballot initiative enacted by the voters while gutting the yet-to-launch medical marijuana program in the process.
Article continues after ad Advertisement
On Monday, May 6 at 10 AM in hearing room A-2 at the State House, the Joint Committee on Public Health will be holding a hearing on Senate Bill 1031 and several other proposals that would prevent patients from safely accessing their medicine.
Most notably, legislation filed by state Senator John F. Keenan (D-Quincy), a longtime opponent of common sense marijuana policies in the Commonwealth, would restrict the qualifying conditions for the medical marijuana program, as well as significantly reduce patient's access to medical marijuana in Massachusetts.
Senate Bill 1031 would reduce the number of dispensaries allowed in the state from a voter-approved 35, including a minimum of 1 and maximum of 5 per county, to only 10 dispensaries allowed state-wide. The proposal would also limit medical marijuana patients to a supply of two ounces per month, down from the 60-day supply of ten ounces recommended by the Department of Public Health.
Most notably, Senate Bill 1031 limits the list of qualifying conditions to cancer, glaucoma, HIV/AIDS, hepatitis C, amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), Crohn's disease, Parkinson's disease, and multiple sclerosis. This restrictive list does not include chronic pain, ulcerative colitis, paralysis, PTSD and many other conditions that patients can find relief from medical marijuana.
Article continues after ad Advertisement
“After four months of soliciting input from all stakeholders in the state, the Department of Public Health has almost finished with writing regulations for the initiative approved by the voters,” said the Massachusetts Patient Advocacy Alliance in a statement. “Let's let the state move forward with implementing the safest and most secure medical marijuana law in the country rather than starting all over again from scratch.”
Hearings will also be held on House Bill 2039, sponsored by Rep. James Murphy (D-Weymouth) which would establish zoning standards for the siting of medical marijuana dispensaries in Massachusetts, preventing them from being located within a 1000-foot radius of a school, place of worship, civic center, drug free zone or non smoking zones as set by a municipality or the state.
Medical marijuana advocates say that this would prohibit medical marijuana dispensaries from opening anywhere in the state, due to Massachusetts' workplace smoking ban.
The Joint Committee on Public Health is co-chaired by Sen. Keenan and Rep. Jeffrey Sanchez (D-Jamaica Plain), both longtime opponents of medical marijuana in Massachusetts.
Massachusetts residents are urged to contact their elected officials and encourage them to oppose Senate Bill 1031.
Tags: Jeffrey Sanchez
Today, Charlie Savage at The New York Times reports that the Obama administration will propose the end of the NSA's bulk data collection program, replacing it with a more targeted, more thoroughly court supervised alternative. It is an imperfect solution for those who suspect that the FISA court is too eager to grant such requests but Marc Rotenberg, executive director of the Electronic Privacy Information Center, told the paper that this was "a sensible outcome."
As we are a good way through Obama's second term as president, I think it's more than fair to say that we would not be here, at the cusp of sensibility, without the actions of Edward J. Snowden, the former NSA contractor who now lives in Russia under the protection of Vladimir Putin. Snowden took and released an uncounted number of sensitive documents from their employers and is responsible for disclosing the breadth and scope of the NSA's global telecommunications surveillance program. Had the details of this program remained rumor and whisper as they were for the bulk of Obama's tenure, it's a fair bet that nothing would be changing now.
This is the very essence of whistleblowing. Snowden brought information to the public so that the public could reasonably demand changes from its leaders. Obama was seemingly happy to ignore the surveillance issue until forced, much as they were seemingly happy to hold an ambiguous view on same-sex marriage until public opinion made vagaries impossible.
The knock on Snowden's whistleblowing is that they revealed details of the government's legal activities. The Times makes clear that this is a problematic claim, at best:
"It was part of the secret surveillance program that President George W. Bush unilaterally put in place after the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, outside of any legal framework or court oversight. In 2006, as part of a broader Bush administration effort to put its programs on a firmer legal footing, the Justice Department persuaded the surveillance court to begin authorizing the program."
So far as legality goes you have the Bush administration grabbing power by using the broadest possible interpretation of one part of a massive post-crisis law and then persuading a secret court that acts with little public oversight to bless it. Then Obama just went along with the momentum. The legality here is hardly as thoroughly debated as say, the separation of church and state or Obamacare.
Late last year there was some talk that Snowden could be granted amnesty in exchange for returning whatever other documents were in their possession and cooperating to help the government's security agencies not fall prey to other employees and contractors. This was shot down by the White House. Spokesman Jay Carney insisted: "Mr. Snowden has been accused of leaking classified information and they face felony charges here in the United States. They should be returned to the United States as soon as possible, where they will be accorded full due process in our system."
But all crimes have a context. It might be convenient for the criminal to claim they were acting in the public's interest and it might be rare but Obama's proposal is clearly an admission that Snowden broke the law to identify government activities that should, at the very least, be radically changed.
Obama has a lot of options here. The smart choice is to offer Snowden immunity in exchange for their future cooperation. If the intelligence services are going to continue to outsource classified functions, then Snowden has a lot to offer in terms of protecting legal and necessary secrets. Another is a blanket pardon. Less good but still acceptable is an agreement to commute whatever sentences Snowden receives, should they agree to stand trial.
When the government operates in secret, there is little hope for change. The public can have no opinion about what it doesn't know. Obama's proposal is an admission that Snowden was right. It doesn't make sense to insist that the citizen who prodded their recalcitrant government into action should be punished.
Aaron Alexis had no felony record or court ruling of mental illness to keep them from buying guns.
This undated photo provided by Kristi Suthamtewakul shows Aaron Alexis. (Photo: Handout via AP) Story Highlights Despite red flags, Alexis 'flew under the radar,' official says
The former Navy reservist was involved in two gun-related incidents, but neither resulted in a conviction
They sought mental help from the VA but was never declared mentally ill
Although Aaron Alexis' past is littered with legal and medical red flags, there was nothing that prohibited them from legally obtaining the shotgun earlier this month that they are said to have used in the Navy Yard massacre.
In at least two gun-related incidents — a malicious mischief arrest in Seattle and a separate Fort Worth case in which Alexis suspiciously fired their weapon into the apartment of their next-door neighbor — neither resulted in conviction, leaving their criminal record clear of any felony that would have blocked their recent purchase of the 12-gauge shotgun at a Virginia gun store.
As recently as last month, Alexis also sought treatment for mental illness, a federal law enforcement official said. Yet despite their complaints of paranoid symptoms, in which they reported hearing voices, Alexis still remained eligible to purchase the gun because there is no record that a court had formally declared them mentally ill.
"There is nothing apparent that would have stopped the purchase,'' said the federal official, who is not authorized to comment publicly and spoke on condition of anonymity.
Like last year's mass shootings at a Colorado movie theater and at a Newtown, Conn., school that involved gunmen struggling with illness, Alexis' troubled past also is directing a new focus on the rules that govern access to firearms.
VICTIMS: Devoted spouses, parents and sports fans
CONTRACTORS: Shocked by Navy Yard shooter's security clearance
SHOOTER: Reported hearing voices through walls
TEXAS FRIENDS: Wonder what happened
As early as 2004, according to Seattle police, Alexis was arrested for shooting out the tires of another man's vehicle in what Alexis later described to detectives as an anger-fueled "blackout."
According to police reports from the May 6, 2004, incident, witnesses told detectives that Alexis had "stared" at construction workers at the job site every day over the last month prior to pulling a gun from their waistband and shooting out the tires of a Honda vehicle.
Following their arrest, Alexis told detectives that they had been "mocked" by construction workers the morning of the incident and said they had "disrespected him." Alexis also claimed that in their anger-fueled "blackout," they could not remember firing their gun at the vehicle until an hour after the incident.
Alexis also told police they were present during "the tragic events of September 11, 2001" and described "how those events had disturbed him."
CLOSE Chief Lanier talks details about the investigation into Aaron Alexis' deadly shooting at the Navy Yard. VPC
Although detectives referred the case to Seattle Municipal Court, the case was not prosecuted and the incident never threatened their eligibility to purchase a gun.
Six years later in Fort Worth, police again encountered Alexis after reports that they had fired a weapon into the apartment of their upstairs neighbor.
"It was determined,'' Tarrant County District Attorney Joe Shannon said in a statement, "that Alexis was cleaning a gun in their apartment when it accidentally went off. No one was injured.''
As in 2004, Alexis' record was not tarnished in Fort Worth and neither was their status as a gun-owner and future buyer.
The federal official familiar with Alexis' background said the Navy Yard shooter most recently sought help for mental illness in August from the Veterans Affairs Department in Rhode Island.
Still, without a court judgment declaring them mentally ill, Alexis only weeks later was able to purchase the shotgun.
"He appears to be somebody who flew under the radar,'' the official said.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1eMvQdp
SCP-210
Item #: SCP-210
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: The property containing SCP-210 has been designated as Site-███. The primary responsibility of guards on Site-███ is to prevent entry by trespassers and maintain the cover story detailed in Document 210-01. The servant's quarters adjacent to SCP-210 have been deemed safe for human habitation and may be used for on-site housing. A remotely controlled vehicle is to be sent into SCP-210 on a monthly basis to catalog any changes.
Description: SCP-210 is a two-story mansion flooded to a depth of 4.35 meters with an unknown fluid substance. The substance, designated SCP-210-01, possesses a refractive index nearly identical to water. This fluid is invisible from the outside of SCP-210 and does not flow out of SCP-210 if a door or window is opened. Any living creature that comes into contact with SCP-210-01 enters a sleep-like state and begins drifting through SCP-210-01 as if neutrally buoyant. Beings trapped in this manner are designated SCP-210-02; to date, ██ instances of SCP-210-02 have been cataloged by remote means. Instances of SCP-210-02 emit a constant stream of bubbles as if exhaling despite no source of air being identified and subjects appearing to breathe as normal. Subjects have been noted to move through SCP-210-01 slowly "as if dancing." It has not been determined if this is under the power of the subjects or of microcurrents within SCP-210-01.
SCP-210 came to the attention of the Foundation when an agent embedded in the ██████ County Police Department received a number of related missing persons reports. Mobile Task Force Iota-12 ("Damn Feds") was dispatched to intercept the investigations. The disappearances were quickly traced to a party held at SCP-210 on ██/██/20██, with several subsequent disappearances resulting from persons undergoing private investigations. Two team members were lost on initial contact with SCP-210, the first when entering through the front door and the second while attempting to recover the first. The full documentation of this investigation can be found in Document 210-01.
Addendum 210-01: Attempts to remove SCP-210-02 from SCP-210-01 have failed, as instances of SCP-210-02 which reach the edge of SCP-210-01 will not travel any further. Instances of SCP-210-02 cannot be damaged; this property extends to clothing, evidenced by remote attempts to harvest sample material. Furniture and other inanimate objects within SCP-210-01 behave as if in normal atmospheric conditions, and may be removed from the residence. Removed items show no anomalies.
Addendum 210-02: The remote observation of SCP-210 on ██/██/20██ was unable to locate SCP-210-02-07.
Note: We have been completely unable to locate SCP-210-07 on subsequent observations. A request has been placed for tracking devices in case of further disappearances. -Researcher B█████
On the surface, playing Laurel Lance/Black Canary must be an actor's dream. The character is multi-layered and throughout four seasons of television, they experienced the highest of highs and the lowest of lows. Look at them and an alcoholic/drug-addicted struggling attorney can be found at one point. At another, she's Assistant District Attorney by day and badass superhero by night. Fascinating, extraordinary even. Unfortunately, their story arc ended; many would agree it did so prematurely, as the character was finally coming into their own. Fans are still reeling over the character's death in Season 4 and lamenting their confirmed non-revival, but there's still a shred of hope that we haven't seen the last of Laurel Lance. The actor who plays her, Katie Cassidy, is holding onto that hope, as well. This is the Arrowverse, after all, and anything is possible.
In an interview with Fangirlish, Cassidy spoke on their love of playing Black Canary.
“It was like a dream come true. It was such an honor to be asked to do that. The fact that the fans responded so well was such a big payoff. This part of my life is certainly something I'll never forget. Black Canary will live on within me forever, and I'm grateful for every moment of it.”
As stated above, there's no chance of a revival and art from Season 5 has confirmed as much. However, thanks to the multiverse, The Flash introduced their doppelgänger, Black Siren. The Earth-2 version of the character guest starred as a villain in The Flash's Season 2 penultimate episode, and did so to much praise. Not only was Black Siren lauded, so too was Katie Cassidy's brilliant villainous performance. The episode concluded in a way that allows for their return, and luckily Cassidy is game.
“Playing the villain was so fun,” they said. “Obviously it's a different show. The Flash is lighter. It was flattering to be asked to portray Laurel on Earth-2, Black Siren.” They continued, “hopefully we'll get to see more of her.”
If they do get another chance to steal the show, it would only be fair to have the Canary sisters reunited.
“I mean emotionally it would be more difficult for [Sara] to see their sister like that,” Cassidy said. “Because Laurel of Earth-1 doesn't really have a bad bone in their body. I think they mean well and has a good heart. So to see this side of her, it's not really Laurel. It's the antithesis.”
Of course, Sara meeting their sister's evil doppelgänger would be difficult, but..
“I think it would be awesome and amazing and such a cool dynamic,” they continued. “Just create more story for Legends. It would be great.”
Here's an idea: How about WB TV giving Cassidy a deal similar to that of Wentworth Miller (Captain Cold). He'll appear as a recurring character on both Legends and The Flash, giving them more flexibility. Surely, Team Flash won't want to leave Black Siren imprisoned in the pipeline. What better way to rehabilitate them than to have their time-travelling with Sara on the Waverider? It's just a thought.
Katie Cassidy concluded the interview with this poignant statement:
“I think as an actor, the writers they wrote for me from season one to the end of season four, I had an amazing arc,” Cassidy said. “I feel like everything they wrote was justified and made sense to me. I got to explore different levels of emotion. I had a place to go. I continuously had an interesting and evolving journey. As an actor on a show it's all you can ask for. Again I am just so thankful.”
Images: The CW
Posted By Brianna Reeves is an editor at GeekFeed. They have written for Geeks of Color, and has worked as an editor for numerous publications. Brianna Reeves is an editor at GeekFeed. They have written for Geeks of Color, and has worked as an editor for numerous publications.
You might also like
Watching “The Pruitt-Igoe Myth” in a packed theater this afternoon was much more than a movie-going experience: It was a history lesson, a fact-finding mission, a therapy session and a séance, all rolled-up into an 83-minute documentary and a 45-minute discussion with the producers.
The documentary, written by Chad Friedrichs and produced in St. Louis, chronicles the rise and literal fall of America's poster-child for failed public-housing projects—the North-St. Louis. Pruitt-Igoe development, whose life span was from 1952 to 1975. The money shot seen ‘round the world is the dramatic implosion of the dilapidated 11-story buildings that, at their peak, housed 11,000 people.
But that iconic image is far from the whole story. And that's what “The Pruitt-Igoe Myth” is about. Unfortunately, what many people see in the implosion film and still photos is a public-housing project gone terribly wrong—and, as a result, a reason to mistrust government and to justify their disdain for “welfare” programs and poor people.
What the film shows us is something very different. Using fascinating archival photos, news footage and home movies from the Pruitt-Igoe years—along with emotional interviews with people who lived there—the filmmakers give us a look at Pruitt-Igoe that has been hidden, forgotten or deliberately ignored for many years. And they explore the socio-economic trends and policy decisions that essentially doomed Pruitt-Igoe from the start.
Probably most surprising—for someone like me, who didn't live there—was the nostalgia expressed by several on-screen interviewees. One wistfully remembers their first Christmas in Pruitt-Igoe, when everyone decorated their new apartments with holiday lights, and the pristine plazas between the buildings glistened with snow. There are other fond reminiscences, too, like the memory of moving from a North-St. Louis shack into a “Poor People's Penthouse,” where your mother can, for the first time, have their own bed and a room with a door. And the spontaneous parties and sense of community and belonging created among families with few other local connections.
But this is far from a sugar-coated documentary. Well-known St. Louis journalist Sylvester Brown gives a candid account of their childhood in Pruitt-Igoe, where to survive, they learned to fight and to assume an air of toughness. Others remind us of the punitive, “no-man-in-the-house” policy of the time, under which husbands and fathers were barred from the homes of families receiving public assistance. They explain that, in exchange for receiving welfare checks, their families had to submit to the social engineering of and judgmental attitudes of bureaucrats, who would not allow them to have televisions or telephones—or even to paint their apartments any color other than white. One interviewee shares the pain they clearly still feels over the shooting death of their eight-year-old brother, just outside the door to their Pruitt-Igoe building.
We also see excerpts from 1960s and 1970s news reports about Pruitt-Igoe, which focused on the physical deterioration of the buildings and the crime inside and around them. The impression that has lingered, both in St. Louis and nationwide, is that somehow, it was the poverty and lack of education of the residents that ruined the great social experiment that was Pruitt-Igoe.
The documentary works hard to debunk that stereotype. In interviews with several social historians, we're reminded of the larger context that shaped the story arc of Pruitt-Igoe: The Federal Housing Act of 1949, which created incentives for large-scale public-housing developments, while also encouraging urban flight and systemic removal of African-Americans from certain neighborhoods; the conflict between economic gain for developers and trade unions versus the social ideal of helping impoverished people; the ultimately disastrous decision to provide federal funds to build the development, but to rely on residents' rent for maintenance; and, of course, institutionalized racism.
It's a complicated story that has, unfortunately, been reduced to that single, iconic image for most of America, and, as producer Brian Woodman said during a question-and-answer session following the screening, “It's an amazing story that no one knows about…We need to reopen the dialogue.”
And they did. The Q and A session with the film's producers and two of the former residents of Pruitt-Igoe featured in the documentary was a story unto itself. In an audience of about 400 people at this showing [the last of only three in St. Louis, so far], between 35 and 50 were former Pruitt-Igoe residents. [They were asked to stand during the Q and A session.] One after another, they thanked the writers and producers for telling the Pruitt-Igoe story. They talked about the lives they led there—not lives of crime, but lives of going to school, working, adhering to family imposed curfews, and striving to do better for themselves and their families.
“We're people. We had real families. We served on school boards and community councils,” said one former resident, who like others, proudly stated their address in the Pruitt-Igoe complex. “People on the outside looking in see a whole different picture.”
“Good things did come out of Pruitt-Igoe,” said another, noting that former residents regularly hold Pruitt-Igoe reunions. “Just because we came from the slums doesn't mean that we don't have a heart or want something better. I cherish Pruitt-Igoe as a part of my life.”
These statements added an emotional coda to the screening of this remarkable documentary. They remind us of the many ghosts of Pruitt-Igoe, the residual anger that is the legacy of segregation and punitive policies imposed on people in need, and the pride that seems to survive despite all of it.
“The Pruitt-Igoe Myth” deserves to be seen much more widely. As I learned from the spontaneous, post-screening testimony of residents who lived in and survived Pruitt-Igoe, at the very least, it's an affirmation and vindication of their lives. But on a larger scale, “The Pruitt-Igoe Myth” is a cautionary tale for the 21st Century, when the myth of grand economic solutions for cities persists [and seems continually to fail], and when the war on poor people rages on.
Mel Evans / Associated Press Butch Davis last coached in 2010, when they led North Carolina to a third consecutive 8-5 finish.
Before the University of Miami hires a new face to replace fired coach Al Golden, it will take reportedly take a look at an old one: Butch Davis.
The Hurricanes are considering Davis as a possible replacement now that former school president Donna Shalala is no longer in charge, according to the Miami Herald. Shalala took a job with the Clinton Foundation in May, long before Golden's firing came to pass, but reportedly was not inclined to consider Davis if the head-coaching job opened.
If that's the direction UM wants to go, the negotiation would certainly be an easy one, as Davis has publicly expressed an interest in returning.
Davis coached Miami from 1995-2000, and from there led the Cleveland Browns from 2001-2004. They haven't coached since 2011, when they were fired by North Carolina amid an academic fraud scandal. Davis was not implicated by the NCAA in the case, though they were in charge of the program for the last four years of what UNC determined was an 18-year stretch of academic impropriety within its athletic program.
Best of Miami SEE PHOTOS Check out the Top 10 all-time NFL players from Miami (Fla.)
One thing Davis could help restore at Miami, because of their background as a former coach there, including five years as an assistant in the 1980s, is a stronger recruiting presence in South Florida. Miami's historical success has always been marked by its recruiting dominance in the Dade and Broward County areas, one of the nation's true hotbeds for high school talent.
"Besides being a great recruiter, Butch can bring people into the stadium and that has to be something we consider," a UM trustee told the Herald. "And Butch was cleared at North Carolina. Why does this tarnish him?"
Despite their South Florida roots, however, Davis managed just one season of double-digit wins (11-1 in 2000) in their six seasons as UM's head coach. He's also not the only possibility for the job who has strong UM ties. Alabama offensive line coach Mario Cristobal played at UM, coached there as an assistant for three years, and built the program at FIU from 2007-2012.
Follow Chase Goodbread on Twitter @ChaseGoodbread.
On Monday night, the Wall Street Journal and Washington Post reported that President-elect Barack Obama will nominate their longtime friend and Harvard Law classmate Julius Genachowski to head the Federal Communications Commission. The new chairperson is one of the chief architects of the online campaign that proved essential to Obama's victory.
With an impressive business resume and low-key public profile, Genachowski anchored the drafting of Obama's comprehensive media policy agenda that promotes diversified media ownership and fast, affordable, neutral Internet connections. Their high-tech background, progressive platform and experience as senior legal council at the FCC under President Clinton make it likely that they will be a strong advocate for the public interest on myriad crucial issues.
The FCC is poised to decide on a host of media policies that will have a profound impact on our media experience. Will Internet service providers be allowed to eliminate Net Neutrality and censor content? Will the airwaves be opened up to new wireless service providers that make high-speed Internet more ubiquitous and affordable? Will the largest media companies be allowed to further consolidate ownership, homogenize content and crowd out diversity? Will the US continue the slide from 4th to 22nd amongst developed nations in Internet speed and adoption?
If you've ever been disappointed or disgusted with corporate, lapdog journalism; if you've ever been angered by your sky-high cable bills; with 100 channels but nothing on; or wanted to pull your hair out because of lousy, expensive cell phone service, then these questions couldn't be more important. Bad media policy-making is the reason we have lousy media, and good media policy is how we're going to fix it. It is the way we will get affordable, neutral Internet into every home that is so fast that every Web site can be a TV network. It is how you will get cable service that doesn't require a second mortgage.
Good policy-making is how we can get hard-hitting, critical journalism in the 21st century that investigates what is happening, rather than rehashing what happened (think Iraq and the financial crisis). It is how we will -- while newspapers continue their financial free fall -- foster the kind of media that holds government and corporations accountable. It is how we ensure that all people, rich and poor, urban and rural, will have an on-ramp to the information superhighway.
That's the kind of media that people want. It's the kind of media that President-elect Obama champions, the kind our struggling nation desperately needs. And by all indications, it's the kind of media that the incoming FCC chairperson is committed to delivering. But as they say, the proof is in the pudding, and now all eyes are on a 46-year old named Julius Genachowski.
Prominent Apple analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI is out this weekend with a new investor note, but this one focuses almost entirely on Samsung and its upcoming Galaxy S8 refresh. Nevertheless, there are a couple of tidbits about Apple inside the report…
Sylvania HomeKit Light Strip
Kuo believes that Samsung will see weaker demand for its Galaxy S8 this than it did for the Galaxy S7 last year. One reason for this is that last year, Samsung essentially released a single flagship device because of the Note 7 debacle. Another reason for slowed demand, however, is that Samsung will face increased competition this year from Apple.
Kuo explains in their investor note that the Galaxy S8 lacks “sufficiently attractive selling points” and thus the OLED iPhone could be a “bigger draw for consumers” this year than the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus were last year:
A Colorado woman is just thankful they could walk down the aisle after they escaped a raging fire less than a week before their wedding by jumping from a third-story window.
Lenise Ruff, 23, was married Saturday in Castle Rock, Colo., even after they suffered burns on their face and hands from the fire and their maid of honor broke two vertebrae in the fall.
"We rolled with the punches," Ruff said. "My [maid of honor] was able to make it and went to the ceremony. [She] sent a voice message that was played over a microphone for a toast... I don't think there was a dry eye in room."
Bald Bride Plans Honeymoon After Cancer Diagnosis
Bride Tracks Down Wedding Crashers, Receives Apology
Paralyzed Bride 4 Years Later to Start A Family
Ruff and their roommate, also their maid of honor, Marilyn Kruc, had been trapped by a fire in their Centennial, Colo., apartment building on Monday.
Without other options, Ruff and Kruc had to jump from their third-floor apartment rather than risk remaining near the smoke and flames. Ruff suffered burns on their face and hands, while Kruc had two broken vertebrae.
In spite of the injuries, Ruff decided to go ahead with the wedding, even though they aren't sure whether Kruc would be able to attend. The day before the wedding Ruff talked to Kruc, who insisted they would be able to attend the ceremony no matter what.
"When they did come right before the ceremony. It was a beautiful moment to see them there," Ruff told ABC News. "It's been a moment we had talked about for years, walking in each other's wedding."
ABC News affiliate KMGH-TV in Denver, showed Kruc walking gingerly down the aisle in a back brace with a walker.
"I would consider them my sister," Ruff told KMGH-TV. "I just have brothers so she's the closest thing I have to a sister and I'm just so proud of them for their courage and their strength. For them [to make] that trip, I know it was hard, it means a lot to us."
Ruff said the rest of the wedding day went perfectly and is traveling to Hawaii with Brown today for a week-long honeymoon.
"I'm extremely happy," Ruff said. "We're ready to relax and forget the world a little bit."
Demonstrators gathered Wednesday in front of Portland's Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) building in the south waterfront district to protest raids against undocumented immigrants.
Police arrested six people after they said protesters delayed a bus leaving the facility headed to the detention facility in Tacoma, Washington.
Several in the group linked arms with duct tape in front of the building, which serves as a detention center for ICE. On the tape was written "STOP THE DEPORTATIONS."
Homeland Security officials closed down the eastbound lane of SW Bancroft Street. Other law enforcement agencies like Portland Police are also in the area.
At one point police put protesters in hoods with earmuffs. Police said they did so to protect the demonstrators as they cut them loose, as they said the protesters had employed "Sleeping Dragons" to link themselves together.
Portland police spokesperson Sgt. Christopher Burley said the devices are often made of metal, plastic pipe, chicken wire, duct tape and chains. They said protesters Wednesday used plastic pipe, yarn, fabric, chicken wire, steel bolts and chains.
"As officers inspected the Sleeping Dragons today, they believed they were comprised of metal pipe and not plastic pipe," Burley said. "Had the pipe been made of metal, there would have been sparks created during the cutting process. That is why protective attire was placed on the protesters to ensure their safety during the cutting process."
The protest came nearly two weeks after ICE agents arrested 33 people in Portland as part of its "Safe City" operation.
Federal Protective Services released this statement on Wednesday evening:
“The Federal Protective Service is works to balance the peaceful exercise of free speech while ensuring employees and the business of the Federal Government can continue at Southwest Macadam Ave.”
This is a developing story; updates will be posted as information comes in.
The Speaker of the House of Representatives, John Boehner, surprisingly abandoned an alternative US budget proposal on Thursday night, saying that they didn't have enough votes to support it.
Boehner's "Plan B" proposed increasing taxes only for those earning more than $1 million (757,000 euros) per annum, as opposed to the $400,000 threshhold advocated by President Barack Obama.
The development scuppered an opposition bid at offering an alternative approach. Obama's preferred solutions were not to Boehner's taste, and are themselves almost certain to be voted down in the Republican-dominated parliament.
The US therefore remains deadlocked on its tax code and spending for 2013, with days left to reach a deal.
'The fiscal cliff'
It's been dubbed the "fiscal cliff," presumably in a bid to lend some drama to spending and taxation policy. A series of US tax cuts introduced by George W. Bush, and once extended by President Obama, expire at the end of the year.
This, coupled with the introduction of spending cuts designed to rein in the US deficit, is seen as a danger to the fragile US economy - a measure that might push the country into recession.
Both parties want to amend the impending changes, but they disagree on how to do so. In broad strokes, the Democrats want to protect more public spending at the expense of higher taxes for the highest-paid, while the Republicans are seeking the reverse.
A compromise deal is still likely, but will have to be reached in a hurry.
Congress has now left for its festive break, though it could return for emergency talks as early as December 27.
msh/rg (AFP, dpa, Reuters)
(please note when this post was first published it was widely reported that Barakat was seventeen. Reuters did nothing to correct this because presumably they didn't know Barakat's age. On December 24th they wrote that infact Barakat was eighteen when they died although its unclear how they've managed to establish this. Due to this information we changed the first word in the title of this post from ‘child' to ‘teen'. Corey Pein has more info here.)
Yesterday Reuters reported that a photographer working for them, Molhem Barakat, died covering a battle in Aleppo. Barakat had been taking photographs for the prestigious news agency since May. Those photos have appeared in many of the world's leading newspapers. What they failed to report was that at the time they were seventeen. If they had been fighting they would have been classed as a child soldier.
(UPDATE there is now conflicting reports about Molhem's age. The best we can say is that they were likely to have been seventeen when they started to shoot for Reuters. Reuters in a statement refuses to answer the question, possibly because they themselves don't know).
Reuters did report that not only was Molhem a photographer on their books but also an ‘activist'. According to the reporter Hannah Lucinda Smith, Molhem was an ‘aspiring suicide bomber‘ who tried to join an Al-Qaeda offshoot earlier this year but was turned down for being unsuitable (Molem's name is changed in their article).
“Al-Qaeda are good!” they told me, with a smile and a double thumbs up. “I hope that they'll accept me and that one day I can set off a suicide bomb in a regime area.”
The article makes it clear that one of Molhem's motivations was the pay that they would receive for fighting.
As we passed through the battered streets they told me their reasons. First was the monthly salary of 11,000 Syrian liras. It is a pitiful wage for a potential suicide bomber, but enough to tempt an eighteen-year-old stuck in a war zone with no job, no money and nowhere to study.
(UPDATE: Smith has written to duckrabbit saying Molhem's urge to fight was a direct reaction to seeing relatives killed at the hands of the regime, and to living in a city where there were few other options. Given this its of course understandable that they would consider becoming a bomber)
It seems that Molhem was able to find the money they were so desperate for from Reuters instead.
One of Reuters 10 Absolutes of Journalism is to ‘Always strive for balance and freedom from bias.' Clearly they have a different definition of the word absolute then I'm used to. No-one should be surprised that journalists are targets when a major news organisation is prepared to hire a child who has expressed a desire to be a suicide bomber.
It's worrying that other news organistions are not asking Reuters for some kind of public explanation. Many of them have sold advertising off the back of Barakat's pictures.
(UPDATE: BBC Journalist Stuart Hughes wrote to Reuters:
I would be grateful if you could provide me with on the record answers or a statement responding to the following questions:
– There have been conflicting reports of Molhem's age ranging from 17 to 19. Are you able to clarify this?
– If not, how does Reuters respond to some reports that Molhem was 17 years old, and therefore a minor under UK and US law?
– What checks do Reuters carry out to verify the ages of young freelancers working in hostile environments?
– Is Reuters aware of whether Molhem Barakat had completed any hostile environment or first aid training. Was they equipped with personal protective equipment or a first aid kit?
– What it the current policy of Reuters on purchasing material from freelancers in Syria?
I look forward to hearing from you.
Reuters replied:
We are deeply saddened by the death of Molhem Barakat, who sold photos to Reuters on a freelance basis. To best protect the many journalists on the ground in a dangerous and volatile war zone, we think it is inappropriate to comment any further at this time.)
(UPDATE Corey Pein has written a series of questions they think Reuters needs to answer here.)
In a post yesterday Smith mourns the loss of their friend:
They often asked me if they could work with me and I refused, because I didn't want the responsibility of an eager seventeen year old with no war zone training and little experience on my shoulders. Soon afterwards I saw that they were filing photos for Reuters. I hope that they took responsibility for them in a way that I couldn't, and I hope that if they were taking photographs as they died in the hope of selling them to that agency, they also take responsibility for them now.
I won't remember Barakat photos but I will remember their beautiful smiling face. Someone should put it up in the newsroom at Reuters:
SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters Life!) - The Grateful Dead, the San Francisco cult rock band that has played at political events since the 1960s, will reunite on Monday for the first time in four years to rally support for Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama, a spokesperson said on Friday.
Band leader Jerry Garcia died in 1995. Surviving members have played together occasionally since then, most recently in 2004. On Monday, original members Mickey Hart, Phil Lesh and Bob Weir will play at a San Francisco theater a day before California's primary.
“They have agreed to reunite for this one-time-only event in order to lend support to Senator Obama leading into the crucial ‘Super-Tuesday' series of primaries held on Tuesday, February 5th,” the band said in a statement.
The band gained fame with its free-form psychedelic music when the counterculture movement flourished in San Francisco in the 1960s, and they attracted many loyal fans who came to be known as “Deadheads.”
Huron High School crosswalk.jpg
An Ann Arbor student was hit and killed while attempting to cross the street on Fuller Rd. at 7:20 a.m. on Tuesday, October 25, 2016.
(Melanie Maxwell | The Ann Arbor News)
Qi-Xuan "Justin" Tang
ANN ARBOR, MI - The Washtenaw County Prosecutor's Office will not file charges against a driver who struck and killed an Ann Arbor high school student in October.
Qi-Xuan "Justin" Tang, a 16-year-old Community High School junior, was walking across Fuller Road near Huron Parkway at 7:29 a.m. Oct. 25 when a 26-year-old Ypsilanti woman driving a vehicle struck and killed him.
"Following a thorough investigation, there is no evidence to prove the driver of the car that struck Justin caused the tragedy by committing a traffic violation," said Steve Hiller, assistant prosecuting attorney.
Ann Arbor Police Sgt. Bill Clock said Tang was in the crosswalk at the time of the accident.
Huron High School, 2727 Fuller Road, is near the intersection of four-lane Fuller Road and six-lane Huron Parkway. The intersection has pedestrian crossing lights at the corners.
Near Huron High School, the speed limit is 40 miles per hour, there are no streetlights or crosswalk lights and there is not a school zone sign in the area.
After Tang died, Ann Arbor parents demanded Ann Arbor Public Schools and the city of Ann Arbor install more safety features in the area, and city officials say they're working to implement improvements such as lighting, reduced speed limits and redesigned crosswalks.
You may not have heard of Jason DeMarco, but you've heard the music they helped bring to the masses. As senior vice president and creative director at Adult Swim, DeMarco is all about helping the artists they deem worthwhile reach as big an audience as possible. “People who make art for a living are risking a lot. especially in today's world, where art is so devalued in terms of being able to make a living out of it,” they explain. “I'm just happy if I can contribute in any way to what I consider to be a very brave thing to do for a living.”
As the motor behind Adult Swim's musical programming, DeMarco's had a key role in the career of many an artist. They once introduced Killer Mike and El-P to each other, and introduced Adult Swim's audience to their music, along with the music of many others, through the Adult Swim Singles program and various EPs and compilation projects that have been offered as free downloads. Adult Swim has repeatedly been at the forefront of a rapidly changing music industry, both in a creative and business sense, but DeMarco is not one to gloat over its successes. They prefer to forge ahead, spearheading the next musical project at the network.
“We look like this is all a big plan, while in reality, these are just wonderful relationships with talented people that play out and make us look great,” they say, stifling a laugh. “I'm still kind of amazed at the journey we've had with all of these musicians over the years, and are still having.”
The 2017 Adult Swim Singles Program will last 52 weeks, which means it will run well into next year. DeMarco's latest project will be 15 weeks of all new DOOM tracks, titled The Missing Notebook Rhymes. The first one was released last week, but there are many, many surprises still to be unveiled by the man in the mask.
“DOOM fans are gonna freak out!”
“Every couple years we reach out to DOOM or they reach out to me, and says, ‘What do you get going on?'” DeMarco says about the metal-faced musician he's collaborated with over the years. “We like working with him; he's a genius. And they like working with us. We pay our bills on time and do what we say we'll do, and generally don't behave like a record label. And he's a fan of our cartoons, so we have a good, ongoing relationship.”
It wasn't long ago that that relationship led to DeMarco receiving a batch of 15 new DOOM tracks, with the possibility of maybe releasing an EP or something through Adult Swim. “My idea was more: Why don't we release all this music? Do it over 15 weeks, and have one song a week. People haven't heard them in years and how great would it be to have one new DOOM song a week for three-and-a-half straight months?' I said ‘DOOM fans are gonna freak out!'”
The project's first track, a collaboration with Sean Price titled “Negus,” was indeed met with great fanfare. A day later, the track also saw a release through Sean Price's posthumous album Imperius Rex. “We wanted to drop the news and let people get excited. Hopefully that gives a boost to not only DOOM, but also Sean Price's project.”
It also reveals that the project is a compilation of sorts, featuring some tracks DOOM recorded for other people's albums. “They're tracks that they either doesn't have a home for, or they are part of other projects which aren't necessarily complete, but we can sort of tease them,” says DeMarco. ” It's sort of a peek at everything they have going on right now.”
“They're new beats. I have all nine volumes of Special Herbs and I didn't recognize any of them”
Aside from a lot of solo material, there will also be collaborations with other rappers, including a track with Jay Electronica. “They sound dynamite together,” DeMarco saysexcitedly . “That track will live up to the hype.” But perhaps an even more enticing prospect to their hardcore fans is the fact that, aside from rapper over other producers' beats, DOOM finally got behind the boards again himself. And he's not spitting on stuff pulled from their archives either.
“It's my understanding that they're new beats. I have all nine volumes of Special Herbs [DOOM's instrumental series created under the name ‘Metal Fingers' ] and I didn't recognize any of them,” DeMarco assures with about 99.9% certainty. “And I know they did some production on these tracks.”
Along with their production skills, DOOM is also bringing a diverse selection of their villainous guises back on these 15 tracks. “Some of them will be DOOM songs, some of them will be Viktor Vaughn, and some of them will be other personas. It's a tour through DOOM's mind,” they explains
“He's a complicated, complex thinker, which is why their rhymes are always so intricate” DeMarco says about the man behind the mask, as he's gotten to know them in their years working together. “He always carries a notebook with them to write stuff down, but he's very easy to hang out with. I think he's a wonderful dude.”
According to Demarco, part of the reason DOOM's been relatively absent from the scene in recent years is because he's been working on many projects simultaneously. Their absence from the U.S. however, isn't making things easier either. DOOM was born in the U.K. and moved to the U.S. as a baby, but was denied entry back into their home country after a tour in 2010. “He definitely is traveling, and they definitely have a villainous base,” DeMarco says about the enigmatic rapper. “I don't think he'd want me to tell you exactly where they are, but he's not in the U.S.”
“Basically, DOOM is DOOM, and you only know what you know”
Meanwhile, DOOM's London label Lex Records, which they have been working with ever since The Mouse and the Mask (the album with Danger Mouse that Adult Swim also collaborated on) is advertising this new project to European audiences on Instagram. “He might be planning on some of these tracks to be released as part of a Lex project after we do our run. It wouldn't surprise me at all,” DeMarco says, though they can't confirm anything yet.
“Basically, DOOM is DOOM, and you only know what you know, but DOOM trusts us, and we trust DOOM,” DeMarco continues. “All we want as Adult Swim is partner with DOOM, to release this great music for free and be the first please where you get it. After that, they own the music and can do whatever they want with it.”
“I'm sure they have lots of irons in lots of fires.  They are a super villain after all.”
Quebec Public Security Minister Martin Coiteux has clarified another minister's claim about the "infiltration" by a criminal organization of a Laval group home where four teenage girls have gone missing.
"What they wanted to say is not that there is a network, but that there is the possibility of recruitment being done externally through social media," Coiteux told Radio-Canada.
Lucie Charlebois, the Quebec minister responsible for youth protection, said Thursday that the Centre de jeunesse de Laval had been a target of an organization.
"A network has infiltrated this particular group home," said Charlebois.
Police believe the teenagers from the Centre de jeunesse de Laval may have been targeted for sexual exploitation.
Two of the teenage girls have been found, but two remain missing.
'It's a little bit of sensationalism'
Julie Perron-Hamilton, vice-president of the Centre de jeunesse de Laval, blasted Charlebois for their comments, saying that all youth centre and group homes have runaways.
"It's a little bit of sensationalism to say that our youth centre was filtrated by a street gang," Perron-Hamilton told Radio-Canada.
Perron-Hamilton says recruitment by prostitution rings or street gangs aren't limited to group homes or youth centres.
"Some will approach them at the entrances of youth centres or even internally," Perron-Hamilton said. "But some of them are in schools and metro stations.
"They are everywhere."
squid-in-a-party-hat:
—
Okay, I'm not gonna touch on the main plot, simply because they kinda captured what's wrong with Trump and their type of politics in general. I'm gonna focus on how South Park has been depicting Transgender individuals.
Okay, I'd be the first person to admit that Caitlyn Jenner is not a perfect person. Them negative stance on gay individuals has been highlighted pretty well on this website, and the fact that they may not get prosecuted for manslaughter (probably because she's famous) has been highlighted in the media. So, I'm all on board for a thoughtful critique of how some people try to make them out to be infallible.
What I cannot approve of is South Park's track record for making Transgendered people looking more like people in drag or making them look straight up bizarre looking.
Past cases of this include:
And Most Recently
(I know Randy doesn't technically count as transgendered but Randy was used pretty extensively as a comparison to the kid's trans arc, so I'd say they fit the billing.)
The first two, I am willing to be lenient on. It wasn't like Mr. Garrison was every an attractive individual, and the same pretty much goes for Randy. However, Caitlyn's appearance seems to be altered simply to make them look unattractive and extremely unintelligent. I may have been able to let this go if Caitlyn had appeared as a character back on the show when the world knew them as Bruce and maintained a similar appearance, but the fact of the matter is, they didn't. The Kardashians had appeared but never Jenner. You could argue that this simply South Park's style of depicting Celebrities, but the fact of the matter is, they only do this to celebrities that they want to appear as unintelligent and attempt to devalue everything that the celebrity has to say, case in point.
In fact, the way that South Park has been depicting Transgendered individuals is the same way that they used to depict gay individuals. To be more specific, DMaB (Designated Male At Birth) characters whose entire characterization is based off of stereotypes, and usually only being utilized for humor. Examples of this being used for gay characters include Mr. Slave, Big Gay Al, Mr. Garrison, and the list goes on. I'd say this only really stopped around the episode, “Cartman Sucks”, which features a character named Bradley who is gay that befriends Butters.
Now, on the flip side, I would like to jump to the closest thing to a positive trans gender character in the series.
Now, when I first saw Wendy appear as Wendyl, I was really hoping that this would have been a permanent change to their character, rather than them just trying to aggravate Cartman. Honestly, Wendy is one of my favorite characters in the entirety of the show, so when I saw them utilizing them as a form of positive representation for Trans people, I honestly thought it was pretty cool.
Unfortunately, after the arc was over, they switched Wendyl back to Wendy and Stan questioning their gender was never really explored outside of a few throwaway lines.
Although, this did get me start thinking. Every time South Park has depicted a transwoman, including the time Cartman put a bow on their head, it's always made to look like the equivalent of a male in drag. Yet, the one time they do depict some semblance of a Trans Male, it seems to be respectable. Like, they didn't rub charcoal on their face to fake a beard or anything, and there's nothing truly indicative that Wendy was born a girl. Honestly, if you removed the beret and told me it was a different character entirely, I would believe you.
I think this is less of just Transphobia in general, and more specifically Transmisogyny. Again, i'm not trying to call Matt or Trey transphobic, as this is pure speculation, but it honestly seems like at least a couple people on the creative team may be uncomfortable with the idea of trans women. Everything about the way they design their Transwoman Characters is indicative of them being disgusted with them in some regard.
I don't know. Again, this is an arc of episodes so I really should be reserving judgement to the end, but I really would enjoy having some intelligent conversation about this.
Again, if you didn't read the last post, I am actually a fan of South Park, but I'm just finding some of the creative choices their going with right now as… questionable at the least. Just like this episode was trying to bring up, no one is infallible, even someone who you may view as inspiration. As far as I am concerned, Matt & Trey are not infallible either.
Newfoundland Gives Whole New Meaning To Ice Cold Beer
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of Quidi Vidi Courtesy of Quidi Vidi
The year the Quidi Vidi Brewing Co. started brewing beer with iceberg water, a giant iceberg floated up against the cliffs around St. John's, Newfoundland.
"It was a big berg and it jammed right across the harbor here," says Charlie Rees, the brewery's tour guide.
Rees says Newfoundlanders have a curious relationship with icebergs. On the one hand, they're a fact of life. On the other, when that iceberg was in the harbor's mouth, hundreds of people came down to gawk. They took pictures.
"Eventually the wind and waves broke it up into small pieces and it just disappeared," they recall.
On land, in a former fish-processing plant, Rees' brother was already brewing up the first batches of iceberg beer, now a brewery staple. Charlie Rees showed off the assembly line that fills thousands of bottles with the lager by the hour.
The ice formed tens of thousands of years ago from compacted snow. That means there are no minerals and lots of tiny bubbles trapped inside. It gives the golden beer a special, very light taste.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Emma Jacobs for NPR Emma Jacobs for NPR
Newfoundlanders have known about icebergs' special properties for years.
"You don't taste anything. It's not like normal ice cubes where even with filtered water — you don't notice you're drinking chemicals," says Tak Ishiwata, a chef who runs a sleek restaurant that serves Newfoundland-Japanese fusion cuisine.
Ishiwata says the drinks are just a new twist on a very old Newfoundland tradition of keeping a chunk of ice in the freezer. Ishiwata's mother had a block, which they would chisel with a screwdriver to ice drinks. The trapped air in the ice gives off a special fizz in the liquid.
A couple of years ago, Ishiwata had the chance to go out on an ice-harvesting boat. It's dangerous to get too close to the giant towers of ice, they say, so to break off manageable pieces, they took a shot at the iceberg with a .22-caliber rifle.
"It was pretty cool, yeah," they say. "Like one bullet took down — it was a minuscule amount compared to the entirety of the ice, but it was big. Big pieces blew off."
Ishiwata stored the "bergie bits," as they're called, that they brought back in their restaurant freezer. They chipped off pieces with a knife to top off special blue martinis. They said they looked like miniature icebergs floating in the glass.
The drink became so popular he's had to bring it back every summer since, though they gamely say they don't know what the big fuss is all about. They say a lot of the people who come looking for the drinks are probably tourists.
"They're pretty intrigued with the whole iceberg situation," they say. "We find it pretty normal here. "
Emma Jacobs is a reporter for NPR member station WHYY.
The department I work in is keen to give young people the opportunity to experience life as a chemist. So we offer pupils from local schools work experience placements. But before the pupils come to us we have to be vetted by qualified organisations who make sure we are a safe place for the young people to spend a week or two.
So far so normal.
But then comes the health and safety forms which invariably contain the statement:
Use of chemicals in any process is prohibited for young persons.
And so begins the merry dance which typically goes something like this…
Me: “About your health and safety forms.” Them: “Yes.” Me: “Well it says that the work experience pupils can't use chemicals.” Them: “That's right.” Me: “I've got some problems with that. Firstly, the young people are coming to work in a chemistry department so banning the use of chemicals makes it all a bit pointless doesn't it?” Them: “Well it's a rule we enforce on everyone to make sure the pupils are safe.” Me: “OK, but what do you mean by chemicals?” Them: “You're the chemist you tell me.” Me: “Can they do the washing up?” Them: “Yes of course.” Me: “But the washing up liquid contains chemicals and the water is a chemical and so, for that matter, is the air they are breathing.” Them: “Now you are just being silly, of course we mean harmful chemicals.” Me: “Would you care to tell me what you mean by harmful?” Them: “Look, you are the chemist shouldn't you know that?” Me: “Yes, I do. So I'll make sure they don't have any salt on their chips.” Them: “What are you talking about?” Me: “Salt is a chemical and its harmful. So I'll be sure to stop them eating any whilst they are in my care. Them: “Now you're being ridiculous.” Me: ” Am I? The point I am making is that your rule about banning the use of chemicals is meaningless. Its unenforceable. Everything we encounter contains chemicals. How about I can show you all the COSHH forms for the procedures that the pupils will be doing? They are all low risk and so they will get a taste of chemistry all done in a safe and controlled way. Then can you remove the silly statement banning chemicals from your document? ” Them: “I'm not sure we can do that.”
And so on…
It drives me nuts.
It's been a while, but Porsche's Earl Bamber is back in a Porsche 919 Hybrid, ready to take on their first full season in LMP1 after impressing back in 2015, winning Le Mans in only their second appearance in a Porsche prototype alongside Nick Tandy and Nico Hulkenburg.
2017 is set to be a big season for the class, with fewer entries, but more commitment than ever from Toyota's Hybrid division and a fresh lineup for Porsche. At Spa and Le Mans Toyota will be bringing a trio of TS050s to the party, while Porsche hopes that its new 919 can score it a hat-trick of victories against its Japanese competitor with the help from ex-Audi man Andre Lotterer in its lineup along with Bamber and Tandy from the 2015 triumph.
“It's great to have the Prologue in Monza,” Bamber told DSC last week, when asked about their excitement level heading into the new season. “I have some nice fond memories here from my Super Cup days, it's just unfortunate that we don't race here, it would be a great venue for the WEC.”
“We've spent a lot of time with the new car improving every area, and it's nice to see how we stack up against Toyota,” they added talking about the team's offseason preparation. “We're also eager to see the new LMP2s during races, it's a big talking point, how they race with us on track.”
“When out testing, the car held up well, they've done a lot of developments because Toyota was strong where it mattered: Le Mans. The weather and fog kept following us around though so we lost a lot of time.
I didn't do Daytona, Sebring, anything like that, which is odd for me, so there may be a little rust to shake off
“It's been a quiet off season for me personally though, so I'm so ready to race. I didn't do Daytona, Sebring, anything like that, which is odd for me, so there may be a little rust to shake off. It'll be interesting to see how it goes for us here.”
Toyota confirmed on the day of the TS050 launch that it had completed four 30-hour tests with its new cars across its substantial test programme, which it hopes will prepare it for Le Mans more than ever before. In response to that, Bamber confirmed to DSC that Porsche too had completed endurance, tests, and at least one full 24-hour run.
“Yeah,” they answered when asked if Porsche had completed any 24-hour tests in the off-season. “We mixed long runs and endurance stuff. The key for us is getting the performance over 24 hours, we're confident it will be good.”
When talking specifically about their own experience, Bamber was keen to mention that in just one year away from LMP1 racing, the cars have progressed noticeably, not just in efficiency, but in drivability too.
“System wise it's gotten more refined, the general ideas are the same but after a couple of years of development a lot has changed,” they said to DSC. “The tyres is the biggest talking point. The new aero, having a reduction and less tyres this year has really been a talking point. Double stints will be a focus, tyre wear over pure single stints is now a big factor for races.
“So far the tyres have been good, Michelin has even working very hard, but it's always challenging to double stint. It's going to make the racing tough and the cars harder to drive late in stints. It could make for interesting racing.”
For most in the WEC paddock, carrying on without Audi present is very alien. But Bamber feels that the battles between Toyota and Porsche this season will prove to be just as exciting as the LMP1 races in 2014, 2015 and 2016, when the WEC had three factory LMP1 teams.
We know that Toyota are going to throw everything they have at it, and it's great for the sport
“We know that Toyota are going to throw everything they have at it, and it's great for the sport, especially for them to have three cars,” they concluded. “It shows that they really want to beat us, and they really deserve a good result as last year was so heartbreaking. What's interesting is that Audi has gone, it's got no less competitive.
“Now Porsche and Toyota have just each other to focus on, so I think it's going to be a big rivalry, with great racing.”
Today Crytek announced that VR sci fi adventure Robinson: The Journey is coming to HTC Vive. Powered by CRYENGINE, Crytek's first release for Vive will be available for download from Steam for USD 39.99 / EUR 39.99. Players who own Robinson for Oculus Rift on Steam will receive Vive in today's patch.
“We are very excited to be bringing Robinson to a new platform and to introduce Vive owners to the mysterious planet of Tyson III,” said Producer Fatih Özbayram. “The game fully supports Vive's motion controllers, and we've mapped a wide range of actions to player's hand movements which delivers a new, really immersive way to experience the game.”
In an adventure inspired by Daniel Defoe's novel Robinson Crusoe and classic science fiction, you will become the first human to explore an extrasolar planet. When the Esmeralda crash-lands on Tyson III, a boy named Robin is left stranded. They must rely on their wits – and HIGS, one of the ship's AI units – to survive. As they search for the lost crew and comes face-to-face with dinosaurs, Robin discovers that Tyson III is not the paradise they were promised.
Stunningly realistic graphics provide a true feeling of presence in the lush and mysterious environs of Tyson III thanks to the power of CRYENGINE, and expert sound design fills out the world of Robinson. Every creature has its own voice, and attenuation ensures that all sound changes depending on the location of the player, a detail that really brings the world to life. Robinson's ambient soundscapes are embellished by a score composed by Jesper Kyd.
For more information about Robinson: The Journey, visit http://www.robinsonthegame.com/.
New Delhi: India spent a total of Rs 600 crore on 25 airports across the country in just two years when these airports were technically operational but did not handle a single scheduled flight, according to information provided by Civil Aviation Minister A Gajapathi Raju in Lok Sabha on Thursday.
In other words, these airports are ghost airports, and they remain so, since state governments, the centre and airlines do not have a consensus so far to make their operations viable.
According to the minister, the maximum number of such ghost airports lies in Maharashtra - at Gondia (which was former Civil Aviation Minister Praful Patel's constituency), Juhu, Kolhapur and Sholapur, Akola and Jalgaon. Rajasthan and Punjab have three each in the list, at stations such as Jaisalmer, Bhatinda, Ludhiana and Pathankot.
There is a ghost airport at Shimla too, which has been in the news recently after the Supreme Court showed its displeasure at the state of affairs. Scheduled flights stopped landing at this airport since October 2012 but now, the AAI says it has completed re-carpeting work on the runway and made it fit for operation of ATR aircraft.
Funding burden
Though these airports do not handle scheduled flights, staff has to be paid and depreciation accounted for. In 2014-15, Hyderabad's Begumpet airport saw the highest government expenditure among all ghost airports at over Rs 67 crore, followed by Bengaluru's HAL airport at over Rs 58 crore and Delhi's Safdarjung Airport at almost Rs 47 crore.
So over half the expenditure of the country on maintaining ghost airports was made in these three airports at Rs 172 crore. A former AAI official pointed out that Juhu incurs heavy expense as high security has to be maintained for operations of ONGC whereas Delhi's Safdarjung airport has to be kept operational for VVIP chopper flights, for which the government pays nothing!
In addition to the 25 airports which are operational but don't handle a single scheduled flight on any given day, there are 30 other airports which are classified as non-operational. Here too, the government spent over Rs 11 crore and Rs 10 crore each in 2014-15 and 2013-14. India has about 475 airports/airstrips of which 125 are owned and managed by the AAI. The details given above pertain only to those airports which the AAI has to manage.Put in simple terms, of the 125 airports under AAI, 55 are not servicing a single scheduled flight.
How ghost airports are made
Why then were they built in the first place? The answer lies partly to do with local politics, partly because of inability of the AAI to judge where an airport should be in a state so that airlines find it viable to operate flights there and again, partly in the hope that airlines will get smaller aircraft to operate on these routes.
Aviation consultancy CAPA South Asia's CEO Kapil Kaul says AAI is a capex organization which has "no management and commercial capability. Investment decisions regarding large capex spends, specially on airports with viability challenges, have no sound commercial logic. Hence, precious capital is wasted. Urgent restructuring of AAI is critical and necessary."
The AAI official quoted earlier said most of the airports lying unused were built on the premise that India's airlines, including Air India, will operate smaller aircraft. This has clearly not happened. This official said Jaisalmer, in Rajasthan, was developed to promote tourism but Air India stopped operations in 2012. They said many of these airports have seen small investments and have been built keeping traffic potential in mind.
So just Rs 30 crore was spent to refurbish Jaisalmer in 2011, just Rs 10 crore for the airport at Gondia and even airports at Cudappah in Andhra Pradesh and Bhatinda saw small investments. But still, scheduled flights remain a pipe dream at most such airports as airlines want some support from the state government besides the right kind of aircraft to fly there.
That AAI is poor at commercial side of airport operations is evident from its handling of not just small but even large airports across India. A bulk of flyers in India use two of the busiest airports at Delhi and Mumbai. Some years back, both were given out to consortia of private airport developers under concession agreements which allow AAI lion's share of revenues. This strategy has reaped rich dividends for the AAI. According to sources, the authority is all set to report Rs 10,317 crore in revenues for 2015-16 against Rs 9284 crore in the previous fiscal. Profit after Tax should increase to Rs 2025 crore from Rs 1959 crore in 2014-15. Close to half the bottomline accrues from AAI's revenue share from Delhi and Mumbai airports.
According to this Reuters story, India's ghost terminals were built largely by the UPA government, which planned 200 'no frills' airports. The story also says India has spent more than $50 million since 2009 on eight airports that do not receive scheduled flights. Some mitigation efforts are on now finally on their way.
In their reply in LS, Minister Raju said the government has already decided to develop airports in tier-II and tier-III cities. And that work has commenced at five locations - Hubli and Belgaum in Karnataka, Kishangarh in Rajasthan, Jharsaguda in Odisha and Tezu in Arunachal Pradesh to promote regional air connectivity. Tezu, Jharsaguda and Kishangarh are airports which exist but are non-operational. In the Budget for this fiscal, there is a detailed plan to identify airports/airstrips under the control of state governments and then develop these in consultation with airlines to make such airports operational.
The Budget also outlines a roadmap for AAI to revive 10 non-operational airports. Kaul of CAPA says unless a professional, well structured and demand driven plan for airport infrastructure development at Tier 2/ Tier 3 cities is developed, "we may see more ghost airports. As a top priority, airports with no commercial flights need to be revitalized with state governments taking responsibility and leading their revival."
They give the example of airports like Mysore, Pondicherry and Kanpur which failed to attract airline services. "Private greenfield airports like Durgapur have similarly struggled to secure the interest of airlines....regional airport development is critical for India's economic development and regional integration but needs to be well thought and planned. Let us not rush in constructing new airports in smaller cities," Kaul says.
Now, the Draft Civil Aviation Policy speaks of enhanced regional connectivity by involving state governments and providing viable routes to airlines to reach the hinterland by offering some sort of viability gap funding.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
Michael R. Strain is a resident scholar at the American Enterprise Institute.
Say conservatives have their way with Obamacare, and the Supreme Court deals it a death blow or a Republican president repeals it in 2017. Some people who got health insurance as a result of the Affordable Care Act may lose it. In which case, liberals like to say, some of Obamacare's beneficiaries may die.
During the health-care debates of 2009, Rep. Alan Grayson (D-Fla.) brought a poster on the House floor: “The Republican Health Care Plan: Die Quickly.” In the summer of 2012, when Obamacare was threatened by a presidential election, writer Jonathan Alter argued that “repeal equals death. People will die in the United States if Obamacare is repealed.” Columnist Jonathan Chait wrote recently that those who may die are victims of ideology — “collateral damage” incurred in conservatives' pursuit “of a larger goal.” If these are the stakes, many liberals argue, then ending Obamacare is immoral.
Except, it's not.
In a world of scarce resources, a slightly higher mortality rate is an acceptable price to pay for certain goals — including more cash for other programs, such as those that help the poor; less government coercion and more individual liberty; more health-care choice for consumers, allowing them to find plans that better fit their needs; more money for taxpayers to spend themselves; and less federal health-care spending. This opinion is not immoral. Such choices are inevitable. They are made all the time.
Consider, for example, speed limits. By allowing people to drive their cars at speeds at which collisions result in death, our government has decided that the socially optimal number of traffic fatalities is not zero. Some poor souls die: There were more than 30,000 traffic fatalities on America's roads in 2013. If we didn't accept that risk, we'd lower the speed limit to a rate at which accidents simply don't kill, such as 10 mph. Instead, we've raised it periodically over the years, and you can now go as fast as 85 mph on a few highways.
It is tragic that thousands of people die each year in car crashes. At the same time, there are huge (if dispersed) benefits to a 70 mph speed limit over a 10 mph limit: a transportation sector that can deliver goods quickly across the country; increased productivity, because millions of commuters can spend more time at work than in transit; and more time at home with our children.
Likewise, thousands of people die in homicides in the United States every year. We could reduce this number substantially, but we have (at least implicitly) decided that the costs — financial and otherwise — of more intrusive monitoring, additional policing, stricter sentencing and other, harsher measures are not worth the benefit. (Though we should continue debating whether marginally higher costs are worth marginally fewer deaths.) A sentry on every street corner and a government-monitored camera in every private room and hallway in America would significantly lower the homicide rate. But I wouldn't make that trade-off.
How do policymakers decide such things? In the deepest sense, every human life is inestimably valuable. But in a fallen world where trade-offs are inevitable, public policy can't treat each life that way.
First, public policies — such as speed limits, gun-control measures and many others — usually affect the probability of death, rather than resulting in any specific person's death. So economists can estimate the amount of money people are willing to pay to avoid slight increases in the probability of dying and then use that estimate to calculate the “value of a statistical life” (VSL).
This measure “serves as the basis for the standard approach used by government agencies to establish monetary benefit values for the predicted reductions in mortality risks from health, safety, and environmental policies,” economist W. Kip Viscusi, a leading VSL expert, writes in a recent paper. They say, based on an analysis of government policies, that the United States places the value of a statistical life between $6 million and $10 million.
“The Food and Drug Administration's 2011 regulatory impact analysis of labeling for bronchodilators to treat asthma used a VSL of $8.1 million, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration's 2011 analysis of general working conditions in shipyard employment used a value of a statistical life of $9.5 million, the Food Safety and Inspection Service's 2011 analysis of inspection and test result procedures used a VSL of $7.3 million, the Federal Aviation Administration's 2012 analysis of flight crew duty and rest requirements used a VSL of $6.6 million, and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's 2012 regulatory impact analysis of new source performance standards for petroleum refiners used a VSL of $9.8 million,” Viscusi writes.
This approach is not without controversy, but the VSL is a key factor in many decisions made by federal agencies. And it shows that trade-offs between benefits and costs, including deaths, are routinely made by government agencies. “Policies for which the net cost per expected life saved exceeds the VSL will not pass a benefit-cost test,” Viscusi writes.
But most Americans — including their elected representatives — do not think this way when they debate major policy changes. The legislative process in some ways is simpler, but it is an outcome of a raucous, messy, imprecise and reductive political process. That's why arguments sound like “repeal equals death.”
Repealing Obamacare could — although wouldn't necessarily — result in more people dying. But it clearly would not be immoral.
Consider this question: Should society have as its goal that the government prevents all deaths from any health-related ailment other than natural causes associated with ripe old age? The notion is absurd — to both conservatives and liberals. There are limits to the proper amount of scarce resources, funded by taxpayers, that Washington should redirect toward health care.
I doubt Obamacare supporters would argue for a society that spends half or two-thirds of its national income on health care in an attempt to ensure that every person with a treatable disease or injury avoids death. Liberals aren't arguing for a paramedic on every street corner and a nurse in every private building. Liberals and conservatives agree that in a world of finite resources, some people are going to die of potentially treatable illness and injury.
It wasn't long ago that conservatives were the ones injecting too much talk of death into the health-care debate. Sarah Palin urged Americans in 2009 to oppose the “death panels” — in reality, end-of-life counseling — in the Democrats' health-care bills. Liberals argued that this discussion was unhelpful. They were right.
A better discussion, both then and today, is about appropriate social goals and the resources required to meet them. Among the many needed reforms to our health-care system, one should be that we move closer to universal insurance coverage — on this point, the president is correct. But what should universal coverage look like? It requires a nuanced answer.
The insurance system should be designed to financially protect people from low-probability events, rather than provide comprehensive coverage for all health events, as Obamacare envisions. People should be free to pay for whatever care they like, but the government should not take money out of their paychecks to subsidize small-scale events that will happen with near-certainty (such as my annual sinus infection) or truly elective procedures (some states choose to cover acupuncture and most cover chiropractic care under their interpretations of the law). Instead, universal coverage should concern itself with the catastrophic expenses associated with serious medical events that will affect a minority of the population. People who can afford such coverage should be incentivized to purchase it, and those who can't should receive a government subsidy to do so.
Such a plan would lower premiums and offer more choice than Obamacare. It would require less spending, fewer tax dollars, less coercion and less regulation, leaving more money for other important government programs or for taxpayers to spend as they wish. A few conservative plans along these lines already exist, and not just among economists and think tank scholars. GOP Sens. Richard Burr (N.C.) and Orrin Hatch (Utah), along with former senator Tom Coburn (R-Okla.), have a well-developed, well-known proposal, the thrust of which has growing support among many conservative intellectuals and members of Congress.
The Burr-Coburn-Hatch plan would repeal the Affordable Care Act, including the individual mandate to purchase insurance, and leave the current system of employer-sponsored coverage largely in place. It would cap the tax preference for employer-provided coverage (though only for extremely generous plans) and use the revenue to provide a tax credit for people who don't get their health insurance through their jobs. Their plan would provide “continuous coverage” protection, so that people who remain enrolled in insurance can't be financially penalized for getting sick; offer new federal funding for high-risk pools; and allow Medicaid participants to receive the tax credits and enroll in individual-market plans. A paramount goal of this proposal is to ensure that no one who is or becomes gravely ill goes without adequate medical care.
The plan has not been scored by the Congressional Budget Office, but according to the Center for Health and Economy, a health-care research organization, relative to Obamacare the senators' proposal would lower premiums, result in roughly the same number of individuals covered by insurance policies and yield a significant 10-year net budget savings.
Repealing Obamacare and replacing it along these lines may result in more people dying — or fewer. That's a pretty tough forecast to make. But as with speed limits, gun laws, agency regulations and many other policies, including Obamacare, the shape of future health-care policy will require trade-offs. There are only so many resources, so choices between directing them to health care and allowing them to flow to other uses are inevitable. (Thankfully, such choices are both reversible and adjustable.)
If Obamacare perishes — and I hope it does — conservatives should be ready to coalesce around a concrete replacement plan, like I've described here. And liberals should be ready to debate them, knowing all the while that they, too, are advocating policies that will fail to save some of the sick and injured from the fate that ultimately awaits us all.
michael.strain@aei.org
Read more from Outlook:
Our unrealistic views of death, through a doctor's eyes
Follow our updates on Facebook and Twitter.
Every relationship has its rough edges, places where actions scrape, and through constant repetition, rub raw. Those tender spots can heal if left alone and if the parties are wiling to listen. But where the irritation continues, this raw spot becomes a wound that never closes, forcing a choice between continuing pain and a painful separation.
It all began so promisingly with Facebook. Back in 2007 it presented itself as the social calendar of America's elite universities. That Ivy League allure made it irresistible to the students at America's second-and-third-tier colleges, so as Facebook lowered its velvet rope, millions, then tens of millions crowded in.
It seemed innocuous, almost trivial: What are you doing? Who are you seeing? What are your favourite things? Sharing the trivia of life and was fun.
But only because we were yet to understand that everything we entered was recorded by Facebook, all of it analysed, all of it compared against everyone else sharing all of their personal trivialities. Too late we realised that everything we shared was more useful to Facebook than it was to our friends. So while we revelled in the joy of finding new friends, Facebook got the deeper satisfaction of building a complete portrait of an individual, inside and out.
We were told Facebook needed these portraits to monetise our activities and that seemed fair enough because someone had to pay for all of the hard work of the enormous machinery that helps everyone everywhere share everything important to them, right?
Facebook could say this with a straight face because, by the end of the first decade of the 21st century, we had turned our back on the great promise of the Web. The very first Web commercial browsers, such as Netscape Navigator, made it easy for users to create their own Web pages. That should have been enough to create a galaxy of personal and unique sharing websites.
Yet Netscape (and Microsoft, which eventually triumphed against the upstart) never provided the server infrastructure to host those pages - a skill far beyond the average Web surfer. So the promise of a Web built by everyone for everyone got lost in the rush to a commercial Web favouring browsing and buying over creating and sharing.
When Facebook came along, offering a free and easy-to-use outlet for a decade's pent-up demand to share, of course we leapt at it, signing on the dotted line without bothering to read the fine print. The devil's in those details.
Earlier this month, news emerged that executives from Facebook's Australian tentacle claimed the social has the ability to create emotional profiles of its users, even to detect and target vulnerable teenagers. Which suggests we've paid a lot more than we anticipated for this ‘free' sharing service. We've handed over a bit of our autonomy, sold a corner of our souls.
Facebook is emphatically not a free and open platform for sharing. It's more like the online equivalent of a Venus Fly Trap, luring us in with sweet nectar, only to suddenly snap shut, then slowly digesting and monetising everything nutritional we've fed it.
Everyone who uses Facebook is being emotionally monitored. That's what Facebook does. Anyone who uses Facebook can be emotionally manipulated. That's the nature of this beast, and while Facebook denies they use their extraordinary power malevolently, they have before, and it will remain a constant temptation for them. We are protected only by their good graces, a condition that should make us all quite uncomfortable.
What, then, is to be done? Too many people have invested too much of themselves and their communities to contemplate departing Facebook. This is Facebook's great trick - it's become a sort of digital narcotic that its most habituated users simply need to survive.
Yet if we don't break the habit, if we keep feeding this beast our most intimate feelings and inner thoughts, knowing that these can be weaponised and turned against us at any moment, aren't we willingly signing over all the rest of our souls?
We need an alternative, a migration path that makes the exit from Facebook seamless and joyful. Many have tried to do this, but no one has made that experience easy and painless enough to satisfy.
People have to be convinced of the need to change before they'll move on. But if what we know now is insufficient to inspire a transition away from Facebook, what will it take?
Someone I know recently packed all of their earthly belongings into their sedan, then shared the photo. Sixteen years of marriage had ended, and they had to begin again. Although they felt sad and lonely, things could not go on as they had, and they took this for a new beginning, a time to heal old wounds. We can change, they seemed to be saying. We just have to be willing to try. ®
letsplayagame
Offline
Activity: 308
Merit: 250
Sr. MemberActivity: 308Merit: 250 Lets play a game of Chess August 09, 2015, 06:00:23 PM
Last edit: February 21, 2016, 07:53:24 PM by letsplayagame #1
http://ratings.fide.com/top.phtml?list=men
I am here to play a game of chess against the bitcointalk community.
Chess consumes my public life, but in private I have been fascinated with bitcoin for several years. I have plans to come out of my cryptocurrency closet when the time is right.
You all can work together. Let community consensus determine which move you make. You may play the white pieces and move first. After you have reached consensus I will make my move at a frequency of roughly 24-48 hours (depending on my schedule). Please do not attempt to use timing as a basis for determining my identity. I may write a basic script to log in and post my move (or have a trusted friend do so for me) while I am asleep or am known to be at a public event. I registered this account with an email address which I have never used and will never log on from an IP address that can be connected to me. When the time is right I will reveal more.
To make things easier for the community, I suggest all your moves are discussed in algebraic notation
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Algebraic_chess_notation
Your move bitcointalk. You have the black pieces
The current position is updated below
Game 2 (letsplayagame vs bitcointalk):
1.e4 e5 2.Nf3 Nc6 3.Bb5 a6 4.Ba4 Nf6 5.O-O Be7 6.Re1 b5 7.Bb3 O-O 8.c3 d5 9.exd5 Nxd5 10.Nxe5 Nxe5 11.Rxe5 c6 12.d4 Bd6 13.Re1 Qh4 14.g3 Qh3 15.Re4 g5 16.Qf1 Qh5 17.f3 Bf5 18.a4 b4 19.c4 Nf6 20.Re1 Rfe8 21.Be3 c5 22.Nd2 Rxe3 23.Rxe3 cxd4 24.Ree1 d3 25.c5 Bxc5+ 26.Kh1 Rd8 27.Re5 Bh3 28.Qe1 Bd6 29.Rc1 Bxe5 30.Qxe5 Qg6 31.Rc6 Rc8 32.Rxc8+ Bxc8 33.Bc4 Bd7 34.Qd4 g4 35.Bxd3 Qg5 36.f4 Qd5+ 37.Qxd5 Nxd5 38.b3 Bc8 39.Kg1 h5 40.Kf2 h4 41.Nc4 hxg3+ 42.hxg3 Nf6 43.Nb6 Bb7 44.a5 Kf8 45.Na4 Nd7 46.Ke3 Ke7 47.Kd4 Kd6 48.Nb2 Bd5 49.Bc4 Bxc4 50.Nxc4+ Kc6 51.Ne5+ Nxe5 52.Kxe5 Kb5 53.Kf6 Kxa5 54.Kxf7 Kb6 55.f5 a5 56.f6 a4 57.bxa4 b3 58.Kg7 b2 50.f7 b1=Q 51.f8=Q Qe4 52.Qb8+ Ka6 53.Qb5+ Ka7 54.Qc5+ Kb7 55.a5 Ka8 56.a6 Qf3 57.Qc8+ Ka7 58.Qb7+ Qxb7+ 59.axb7 Kxb7 60.Kf6
Game 1 (bitcointalk vs letsplayagame):
1.Nf3 d5 2.c4 e6 3.g3 Nf6 4.Bg2 dxc4 5.Qa4+ Nbd7 6.Qxc4 c5 7.O-O a6 8.d3 b5 9.Qc2 Bb7 10.Nc3 Be7 11.Bf4 O-O 12.Rfd1 Qb6 13.a4 Rfd8 14.a5 Qa7 15.e4 Rac8 16.h3 Nb8 17.Be3 Nc6 18.Qb3 h6 19.Ne2 Qb8 20.Rd2 Nb4 21.Bf4 Qa8 22.Ne5 Nd7 23.Nxd7 Rxd7 24.Qd1 Rcd8 25.Nc1 c4 26.dxc4 Rxd2 27.Bxd2 Bxe4 28.Bxe4 Qxe4 29.cxb5 Nc2 30.Nb3 Nxa1 31.Nxa1 Qd3 32.Nb3 Qxb5 33.Qc2 Qe2 34.h4 Bf8 0-1
My identity will remain secret for now but I am a professional chess player, ranked amongst the best in the world:I am here to play a game of chess against the bitcointalk community.Chess consumes my public life, but in private I have been fascinated with bitcoin for several years. I have plans to come out of my cryptocurrency closet when the time is right.You all can work together. Let community consensus determine which move you make. You may play the white pieces and move first. After you have reached consensus I will make my move at a frequency of roughly 24-48 hours (depending on my schedule). Please do not attempt to use timing as a basis for determining my identity. I may write a basic script to log in and post my move (or have a trusted friend do so for me) while I am asleep or am known to be at a public event. I registered this account with an email address which I have never used and will never log on from an IP address that can be connected to me. When the time is right I will reveal more.To make things easier for the community, I suggest all your moves are discussed in algebraic notationYour move bitcointalk. You have the black piecesThe current position is updated belowGame 2 (letsplayagame vs bitcointalk):1.e4 e5 2.Nf3 Nc6 3.Bb5 a6 4.Ba4 Nf6 5.O-O Be7 6.Re1 b5 7.Bb3 O-O 8.c3 d5 9.exd5 Nxd5 10.Nxe5 Nxe5 11.Rxe5 c6 12.d4 Bd6 13.Re1 Qh4 14.g3 Qh3 15.Re4 g5 16.Qf1 Qh5 17.f3 Bf5 18.a4 b4 19.c4 Nf6 20.Re1 Rfe8 21.Be3 c5 22.Nd2 Rxe3 23.Rxe3 cxd4 24.Ree1 d3 25.c5 Bxc5+ 26.Kh1 Rd8 27.Re5 Bh3 28.Qe1 Bd6 29.Rc1 Bxe5 30.Qxe5 Qg6 31.Rc6 Rc8 32.Rxc8+ Bxc8 33.Bc4 Bd7 34.Qd4 g4 35.Bxd3 Qg5 36.f4 Qd5+ 37.Qxd5 Nxd5 38.b3 Bc8 39.Kg1 h5 40.Kf2 h4 41.Nc4 hxg3+ 42.hxg3 Nf6 43.Nb6 Bb7 44.a5 Kf8 45.Na4 Nd7 46.Ke3 Ke7 47.Kd4 Kd6 48.Nb2 Bd5 49.Bc4 Bxc4 50.Nxc4+ Kc6 51.Ne5+ Nxe5 52.Kxe5 Kb5 53.Kf6 Kxa5 54.Kxf7 Kb6 55.f5 a5 56.f6 a4 57.bxa4 b3 58.Kg7 b2 50.f7 b1=Q 51.f8=Q Qe4 52.Qb8+ Ka6 53.Qb5+ Ka7 54.Qc5+ Kb7 55.a5 Ka8 56.a6 Qf3 57.Qc8+ Ka7 58.Qb7+ Qxb7+ 59.axb7 Kxb7 60.Kf6Game 1 (bitcointalk vs letsplayagame):1.Nf3 d5 2.c4 e6 3.g3 Nf6 4.Bg2 dxc4 5.Qa4+ Nbd7 6.Qxc4 c5 7.O-O a6 8.d3 b5 9.Qc2 Bb7 10.Nc3 Be7 11.Bf4 O-O 12.Rfd1 Qb6 13.a4 Rfd8 14.a5 Qa7 15.e4 Rac8 16.h3 Nb8 17.Be3 Nc6 18.Qb3 h6 19.Ne2 Qb8 20.Rd2 Nb4 21.Bf4 Qa8 22.Ne5 Nd7 23.Nxd7 Rxd7 24.Qd1 Rcd8 25.Nc1 c4 26.dxc4 Rxd2 27.Bxd2 Bxe4 28.Bxe4 Qxe4 29.cxb5 Nc2 30.Nb3 Nxa1 31.Nxa1 Qd3 32.Nb3 Qxb5 33.Qc2 Qe2 34.h4 Bf8 0-1
Code: Make BTC Donations via XMR.TO or Shapeshift XMR: 47nMGDMQxEB8CWpWT7QgBLDmTSxgjm9831dVeu24ebCeH8gNPG9RvZAYoPxW2JniKjeq5LXZafwdPWH7AmX2NVji3yYKy76 Chess, Bitcoin, Privacy and Freedom
Gleb Gamow
Offline
Activity: 1428
Merit: 1118
LegendaryActivity: 1428Merit: 1118 Re: Lets play a game of Chess August 09, 2015, 07:41:43 PM #2
http://lmgtfy.com/?q=%22Fodor+Gambit%22
There's no shame in chess if you opt to concede now. Simply tip over your King and we'll start anew unless, that is, you opt to play on. It's your call. h4 (setting the stage for the infamous Fodor Gambit in which has no known defense)There's no shame in chess if you opt to concede now. Simply tip over your King and we'll start anew unless, that is, you opt to play on. It's your call.
letsplayagame
Offline
Activity: 308
Merit: 250
Sr. MemberActivity: 308Merit: 250 Re: Lets play a game of Chess August 11, 2015, 06:28:24 AM #4 So far 1. h4 is the only proposed move by the community. If no debate emerges soon, 1. h4 will become the communities move by default and I shall respond. Hopefully as the game proceeds more people will join the fun.
Code: Make BTC Donations via XMR.TO or Shapeshift XMR: 47nMGDMQxEB8CWpWT7QgBLDmTSxgjm9831dVeu24ebCeH8gNPG9RvZAYoPxW2JniKjeq5LXZafwdPWH7AmX2NVji3yYKy76 Chess, Bitcoin, Privacy and Freedom
letsplayagame
Offline
Activity: 308
Merit: 250
Sr. MemberActivity: 308Merit: 250 Re: Lets play a game of Chess August 13, 2015, 04:08:48 PM
Last edit: October 23, 2015, 07:03:38 PM by letsplayagame #14
It looks like 2. c4 was the only suggestion. My response is 2....e6
You are off to a good start. My hope is that more players will join as the game progresses. If that happens and debate emerges regarding move choices I hope someone from the community will take charge in finding consensus.
bitcointalk vs letsplayagame
2. c4 e6
Here is a recent chess related news story that may interest some of you.
http://www.chess.com/news/magnus-carlsen-proposes-different-world-championship-format-2693
Before you draw any conclusions, I will give you one hint regarding my identity. I am not Magnus Carslen although I have played them multiple times. Their proposal is very controversial especially among the top players. hello bitcointalk!It looks like 2. c4 was the only suggestion. My response is 2....e6You are off to a good start. My hope is that more players will join as the game progresses. If that happens and debate emerges regarding move choices I hope someone from the community will take charge in finding consensus.bitcointalk vs letsplayagame2. c4 e6Here is a recent chess related news story that may interest some of you.Before you draw any conclusions, I will give you one hint regarding my identity. I am not Magnus Carslen although I have played them multiple times. Their proposal is very controversial especially among the top players.
Code: Make BTC Donations via XMR.TO or Shapeshift XMR: 47nMGDMQxEB8CWpWT7QgBLDmTSxgjm9831dVeu24ebCeH8gNPG9RvZAYoPxW2JniKjeq5LXZafwdPWH7AmX2NVji3yYKy76 Chess, Bitcoin, Privacy and Freedom
Oak Lawn Marketing will extend monetary benefits and vacation leave to gay employees who receive official recognition of their same-sex marriage, treating them equally to heterosexual couples.
By doing so, the Shop Japan TV shopping channel operator, whose president and chief executive hails from the US, is joining an increasing number of businesses – mainly foreign-owned enterprises – which recognize same-sex partnerships while providing benefits.
‘Employees with a diverse range of nationalities, cultures and backgrounds have come together at Oak Lawn Marketing,' said the Nagoya-based company affiliated with telecom giant NTT Docomo in a statement on Wednesday.
‘[The company] is promoting diversity to make it possible for each and every employee to demonstrate their abilities and shine to the maximum extent rather than demarcating people by gender or race.'
An employee marrying a partner and getting certified under municipal ordinances or other comparable measures will be provided with ¥10,000 to ¥30,000 ($80 to $241) in congratulatory money depending on their or their tenure, together with six days of leave. Condolence money will also be provided when the partner dies, according to Kyodo news agency.
The Constitution says marriage is ‘based only on the mutual consent of both sexes,' but Tokyo's Shibuya and Setagaya wards are both planning to issue certificates recognizing same-sex partnerships from this fall.
In response to Shibuya's move, Lush Japan now recognizes an employee's partner as a spouse and provides congratulatory money, child care leave and nursing care leave if the partnership is reported to the company, regardless of the partner's sex.
‘At Lush, we believe in love,' the cosmetics maker said.
Image copyright ABC Image caption John Clarke was a comedian, actor and writer
One of Australia's most renowned satirists, John Clarke, has died.
The New Zealand-born comedian and writer was famous in Australia for sending up politicians and conducting mock interviews in a television career spanning almost 30 years.
Among their many hits, Clarke wrote an award-winning mockumentary, The Games, about planning Sydney's 2000 Olympics.
They died on Sunday aged 68 while hiking in a national park in the state of Victoria, their family said.
"John died doing one of the things they loved the most in the world, taking photos of birds in beautiful bushland with their wife and friends," they said in a statement.
"He is forever in our hearts."
Image copyright ABC Image caption Clarke won many fans with their dry humour
In their early career in New Zealand, Clarke was known for the TV series Fred Dagg - a satirical take on being a country bloke.
After moving to Australia, they starred in popular local shows including Kath and Kim and The Adventures of Lano and Woodley, as well as writing books, films and musicals.
But Clarke was perhaps best known for skewering politicians alongside their comedy partner, Bryan Dawe, in a weekly television segment.
'Sharpest wit'
Clarke's death prompted tributes from colleagues, fellow comedians and even politicians they had satirised.
"We'll wait a long time to find another John Clarke. In fact, we never will," tweeted Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull.
New Zealand Prime Minister Bill English wrote: "His humour captured the experience of life in NZ and Australia."
Image copyright Twitter
Image copyright Twitter
Image copyright Twitter
Image copyright Twitter
Image copyright Twitter
Image copyright Twitter
The euro zone's unemployment rate for February hit a record 12 percent, said Eurostat, the European Union's statistics agency. Here's a look at some of the countries with the highest unemployment rates.
The euro-zone's unemployment rate for August hit the highest on record at 11.4 percent, said Eurostat, the European Union's statistics agency. Here's a look at some of the countries with the highest unemployment rates.
The euro-zone's unemployment rate for August hit the highest on record at 11.4 percent, said Eurostat, the European Union's statistics agency. Here's a look at some of the countries with the highest unemployment rates.
Ariane Jauss knew the Berlin property boom was getting serious when, a few months ago, they went to the courtroom auction of a repossessed flat.
More than 60 prospective buyers for the 102-square-meter apartment, valued at 86,000 euros, crowded the room. By the time the sale had ended, the flat — in the formerly marginal suburb of Wedding — had been sold for more than double the estimate.
“It was unbelievable,” says Jauss, a property agent in the once-divided German capital for 20 years. “Even two years ago, you would never have seen that.”
Berlin is at the forefront of one of the surprising consequences of the euro-zone crisis: Germany's property price boom. Long an outlier in Europe for its relatively low levels of home ownership and its sleepy housing market, Germany has caught the property bug to the extent that rises in price in some locations point to a potential bubble, according to some property professionals.
Tracking price rises is difficult, but F+B, a research company, says average sale prices in Berlin are up 23 percent in the past five years.
Jones Lang LaSalle, a property consulting company, estimates that median prices in Berlin have risen even more sharply: 20 percent in the 12 months to June, and 37.5 percent since 2009.
The long-running economic crisis is linked to the property boom in several ways.
Low interest rates to aid recovery have tempted some Germans — who often prefer to rent until relatively settled — to take the step into home ownership. Perhaps just as importantly, the crisis has encouraged many wealthier savers to switch their assets into property from other investments, hoping for a better return or simply more security than with shares or bonds.
Markus Schmidt, of Aengevelt, a property consultancy, says German property is in strong demand from wealthy individuals and family offices. “Security of investment is more important to them at the moment than the amount of return, so they are prepared to pay above-average prices for properties in established top locations,” they say.
Property is also viewed as a better inflation hedge. “The flight into supposedly safer assets such as property is being reinforced by the lack of investment alternatives,” says Stefan Mitropoulos, an analyst at Helaba, a German bank. “Since mortgage rates have also fallen drastically, buying residential property has become affordable for many households.”
Buyers from outside Germany have fueled the market, often seeking a haven from the euro-zone crisis and seeing Germany as a safe bet if the currency union should break apart.
“There are lots of cash buyers coming from other places in Europe,” says Anne Riney, director of the Berlin-Mitte office of Engel & Volkers, the estate agency, citing interest from Italy, Spain and Nordic countries. “People are afraid to have their money in the bank, and Germany is the most stable economy in Europe.”
While the pace of Germany's overall property price increases has accelerated, it remains moderate in comparison with the booms in countries around the world before the financial crisis. Bank lending for mortgages has risen only moderately. Most professionals reject the idea that Germany is heading into a general property bubble, pointing to several factors that sustain higher prices, including lower interest rates, a robust jobs market and the catch-up from a long period of stagnant prices.
The situation is more ambiguous in Berlin and Germany's other largest cities such as Hamburg and Munich, where price rises have been much more pronounced. Particularly in Berlin — where the majority of people rent homes — and Munich, prices have risen to a degree “which can only partly be explained by economic fundamentals,” the rating agency Fitch said this year.
Berlin — described by its mayor as “poor but sexy” — and other big cities are probably also benefiting from demographic shifts. An aging and wealthy population is more interested in city living, with services easy to reach, while young people from around the world are attracted by Berlin's cultural scene, cheap living and burgeoning reputation as a hub for tech start-ups.
Riney says: “Berlin is becoming a lot more multicultural, you hear it on the streets. People believe anything is possible here — like in London 40 years ago. There is lots of room for creativity.”
Some analysts are cautious. Helaba's Mitropoulos recalls a “remarkable rise” in property prices at the time of German reunification, which they say “paralyzed the German housing market for more than a decade.” It contradicts the “stability thesis” about German property, they say.
Mitropolous also says that, notwithstanding Germany's prudent mortgage lending practices, refinancing risk is bound to increase. Germany's average 10-year mortgage rate in the decade up to 2000 was 7.7 per cent.
“Many households that are currently buying housing property with large loans at around 3 per cent could have trouble refinancing in 10 or 15 years, once the interest rate level has normalized,” they point out. “There has been no price increase for years, and now suddenly the music is playing. It is a remarkable development, and we are just at the beginning.”
Cal is Pac-12's 5th most valuable football program, per study
Cal capped a season of progress last month with its first bowl win since 2008. Now, it boasts a more lucrative honor: being in the top half of the Pac-12 in terms of value.
The Bears are worth $239,420,000, per a valuation by Ryan Brewer — an assistant professor of finance at Indiana University-Purdue University Columbus — that The Wall Street Journal recently detailed. Cal ranked fifth in the Pac-12, with Stanford's valuation of $222,880,000 checking in at No. 6. Washington, Oregon and USC were No. 1, No. 2 and No. 3, respectively.
Brewer figured out what every FBS college team would be worth on the open market, if it was bought and sold like an NFL franchise, by examining revenues and expenses. They made cash-flow adjustments, risk assessments and growth projections for each.
Here is a breakdown of where each Pac-12 team was slotted nationally:
15. Washington, $444,130,000
PASADENA, CA - OCTOBER 22: Head coach Sonny Dykes of the California Golden Bears looks towards the field during the game against the UCLA Bruins at the Rose Bowl on October 22, 2015 in Pasadena, California. (Photo by Sean M. Haffey/Getty Images) less PASADENA, CA - OCTOBER 22: Head coach Sonny Dykes of the California Golden Bears looks towards the field during the game against the UCLA Bruins at the Rose Bowl on October 22, 2015 in Pasadena, California. ... more Photo: Sean M. Haffey / Getty Images Photo: Sean M. Haffey / Getty Images Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Cal is Pac-12's 5th most valuable football program, per study 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
18. Oregon, $338,640,000
24. USC, $280,730,000
26. Arizona State, $262,540,000
29. Cal, $239,420,000
31. Stanford, $222,880,000
33. UCLA, $211,270,000
35. Oregon State, $203,270,000
37. Colorado, $192,380,000
38. Utah, $189,080,000
44. Arizona, $151,020,000
49. Washington State, $129,370,000
Ohio State topped the rankings for the second straight year, with a valuation of $946,610,000. Texas, Michigan, Notre Dame and Alabama rounded out the top five.
Connor Letourneau is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. E-mail: cletourneau@sfchronicle.com. Twitter: @Con_Chron
Story highlights Disney will "thoroughly review the situation," a spokesperson says
"Black-market guides" cost $130 an hour, the New York Post reported
Many are incensed by the idea, but some readers defend the alleged practice
Researcher says the wealthy found it a cheaper, better way to skip lines
Disney World is looking into reports that some wealthy visitors are hiring disabled people to pretend to be family members so that they can skip lines.
"It is unacceptable to abuse accommodations that were designed for guests with disabilities," spokesperson Bryan Malenius told CNN Wednesday. "We are thoroughly reviewing the situation and will take appropriate steps to deter this type of activity."
Reports of the alleged practice sparked fury on social media, with some people calling the actions "crazy," "awful," and "despicable."
But others defended the idea, arguing it's a way to help some disabled people make good money.
The debate began with an article in the New York Post.
"The black-market Disney guides run $130 an hour, or $1,040 for an eight-hour day," the report said.
Social researcher Wednesday Martin "caught wind of the underground network" while working on a book about practices among New York City's Park Avenue elite, the Post reported.
"It really is happening," Martin told CNN's "Starting Point" Wednesday.
"I live among the privileged and powerful parents of New York City," they said, "and once in a while I come across a practice that's really surprising."
They added, "It's not my job to judge."
Disney for the '1%'
The Post anonymously quoted one mother as saying, "My daughter waited one minute to get on 'It's a Small World' -- the other kids had to wait 2 1/2 hours. You can't go to Disney without a tour concierge. This is how the 1% does Disney."
The woman said they hired a company called Dream Tours, the Post reported.
The Florida company did not respond immediately to CNN's requests for comment. But it posted a note on its website saying, "Due to inaccurate press and slander, Dream Tours is not offering VIP tours at this time. Our focus has primarily always been providing magical vacations for adults with special needs and helping their dreams to come true."
Ryan Clement runs Dream Tours, and Jacie Christiano is a assistant director, according to the website. The Post reported that Christiano served as a tour guide for the mother whom the paper quoted anonymously. Clement told the Post that Christiano has an auto-immune disorder and uses a scooter on the job, the report said.
Disney offers official ways to avoid long lines
It's unclear how often the alleged practice may have actually taken place.
The theme park offers VIP tours and FastPass service allowing people to avoid long lines.
Martin said the wealthy people they spoke with found that hiring a disabled guide can cost less and allow people to skip straight to the front of lines.
Disney World has also been rolling out bracelets designed in part to inform visitors when it's their turn to come to a ride.
Anger erupts, but some defend the idea
People took to social media to express outrage at the idea of wealthy able-bodied people using money to take advantage of a benefit preserved for the disabled.
"This has blood shooting from my eyes this morning," Twitter user Kaneshow wrote
And Twitter user Ruth summed up their take in two words: " Con artists!
But others had a different view.
"At least they are sharing the wealth and providing the less fortunate with over $1000 a day to go to Disney World," one of the first comments on this CNN.com story said, from user "blindliberal."
And jessied44 wrote, "$1040 for a day spent having fun -- not a bad job. Pretending they are part of the family isn't a good example for the children, but providing work for someone who is disabled isn't a bad thing to do."
Garry Sobers was cricket's superstar and had a certain six-year-old mesmerised at Eden Park in the '60s © PA Photos
Since enduring KP and chemotherapy, as bad a couple of weeks as I can remember, I have been struck by a wave of gratitude for many great images and moments from the game. It started with something special from Suresh Raina.
When I saw their six-hitting recently, something caught my eye. It wasn't just the sight of the ball soaring, perfectly timed and lofted. I saw a new innovation that I believe will last many a generation. As they connected with the ball, hitting with a pure, straight bat and a wondrous follow-through, I realised why they made six-hitting such a new, explosive joy.
Their back leg launched an almighty dance into the air, thrusting their whole body into the completed athletic movement. Raina's back-leg-high, climbing follow-through will change the game.  They are hitting sixes with absolute new dynamism and athleticism. Forget the stupid switch hit or the risky scoop, the Raina high-step has been released for all to admire as a truly great shot. It reminds me of what Mark Greatbatch did in the 1992 World Cup with their similar drop-kick technique.
And it made me think: who else has grabbed me like this, during my lifetime? What are the images that have shone forever?
Garry Sobers captured me the minute I saw him, at the first Test match I watched, at Eden Park, aged six, with my other inspiration, my father Dave. At the time, 1968-69, Sobers was cricket's superstar, the best player in the world, arguably the finest mover of all. They had their long white collar up, pointing skywards, sleeves down; dark, sweaty skin, loose limbs glistening in the sun. They looked cool in their remarkable body, they looked secure in their own free mind. This freak of nature was my call to cricket.
Two-thirds through my career, I looked for something to inspire me once more. Then I saw that famous black-and-white photo of Bert Sutcliffe, wide blood-soaked white bandages around their head, walking off during the bloodbath in Johannesburg, Christmas 1953
Dad was mesmerised by cricket, but not as much as I was gawking at Sobers, the greatest leftie of all time. That image of them with collar up has never left me, neither has the memory of playing golf with him, both-handed, nor the rum we had at 5am one morning at a late-night spicy-chicken joint.
Once hooked, I was thirsty for any tidbit, a gem of advice. "Take the top hand past the back leg" was the first such I heard from a professional coach. I was nine. They were Merv Wallace, a superb former NZ player who turned out to be a masterful coach for many generations. They gave me the simplest advice on the backlift. Basically saying the bat is behind you, so don't worry about it, just get it moving in the right direction behind you, and focus on the ball. Timeless. They might have been saddened to know that 90% of young batsmen today are holding their bats up high like baseball batters - the very thing they warned us against.
There were other more inspiring chats and pearls of wisdom that I was lucky to enjoy hearing from former great personalities of the game. I was lucky to meet, analyse and engage with Colin Cowdrey, who spoke to me about the on-drive. Sunil Gavaskar told me about the imaginary wall that helped keep their head dead still. Geoff Boycott insisted I work hard on fitness and leg strength. Richard Hadlee showed me commitment. Barry Richards told me to look at gaps, not fielders. Ian and Greg Chappell are the finest brains I have met in the game.
Of all the men who taught me to love the game, no one did it better than David Hookes, a gentle rogue who played hard on the field and was notoriously infectious off. "That is the worst 242 not out I have ever seen, Hogan" they once yelled at me, as I entered the South Australia dressing room at stumps, their keenness to grab my cold six-pack for the punishment I had put them through spilling forth.
The stories about them were long and succulent - like the one about how Wayne Phillips was crashing fours all over Adelaide Oval and Hookesy walked out declaring loudly, "Anyone can hit fours." Hookes' first four balls that day were lifted nonchalantly over the Richardson gates.
Or what about their fastest ever first-class hundred, off 34 balls? No doubt a certain set of gates was targeted. Or the audacity of clean hitting a Greg Matthews warm-up ball on a side wicket, also over the Richardson gates? "Just warming up, like you, Greg."
I adored their zest for the game, their spark for life. They had a way with them that brought a smile. Their tragic, unnecessary death reminded us of the importance of mastering the moment we are in, living for the moment while we can. From my father to Sobers to Hookes, my cricket life has been blessed by being touched by certain men, bold men. And now Raina has me wondering about what might be in 20 years' time.
Two-thirds through my career, I looked for something to inspire me once more. Then I saw that famous black-and-white photo of Bert Sutcliffe, wide blood-soaked white bandages around their head, walking off during the bloodbath in Johannesburg, Christmas 1953. It was an image of a true warrior, bloodied and unbeaten for the cause. With the image cast in stone in my mind, I began wearing white towelling headbands under my helmet, in honour of the great Bert Sutcliffe. Note: another leftie.
Martin Crowe, one of the leading batsmen of the late '80s and early '90s, played 77 Tests for New Zealand
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
On Thursday, the MLB Network asked me to prepare a segment on the best “under-the-radar” acquisitions this season.
Article continues below ...
I immediately thought of Ben Sheets, and sent an email to Braves general manager Frank Wren asking them for some background.
Wren called me and explained that they preferred to talk rather than respond by email.
“I'd be typing for an hour,” they said.
Yes, the story is that good.
In fact, Sheets became a Brave in part because of their son Seaver, 10, who — as you might have guessed — is named after Hall of Famer Tom Seaver.
Sheets, 34, was the coach of Seaver's travel-ball team. The family resides in Monroe, La. And on the final weekend of June, the team had a tournament in Atlanta.
If you're thinking, “Hmmm, home-court advantage for the Braves,” you're on the right track.
Sheets, who missed all of last season after undergoing Tommy John surgery in August 2010, already had auditioned for the Braves and other teams at the University of Louisiana at Monroe.
But seeing as how they were headed to Atlanta anyway, they chose to throw a five-inning simulated game at Georgia Tech, not far from the Braves' home park, Turner Field.
Victor Menocal, an associate of Sheets' agent, Casey Close, had been a standout shortstop and volunteer coach at Tech, and helped arrange for the workout, which took place June 28.
Scouts from the Royals, Phillies, Rangers and Cardinals watched Sheets face college hitters; the Yankees and Angels had seen them throw earlier in Louisiana.
The Braves were hosting the Diamondbacks that night Wren, Braves assistant GM Bruce Manno and director of professional scouting John Coppolella slipped out of Turner Field during batting practice to head over to Georgia Tech.
Sheets threw 80 pitches. In 100-degree heat.
Their fastball sat at 90 mph, reached 92. They spun their trademark breaking ball, showed an improved changeup.
“I wasn't thinking I was looking at some broken-down guy trying to make a comeback,” Wren said. “I'm sitting there watching, saying, ‘That's Ben Sheets.'”
Ben Sheets, who won the gold-medal game for the US in the 2000 Olympics, started the 2008 All-Star Game at Yankee Stadium and was one of the best pitchers in the National League for the Milwaukee Brewers.
The Braves' contingent was intrigued. And, as luck would have it, Sheets was planning to attend the Braves' game that night with their son's team. They had bought tickets, through group sales, in the left-field stands.
Wren, upon returning from the workout, went straight to their manager, Fredi Gonzalez, and pitching coach, Roger McDowell. They told them that the Braves were going to try to sign Sheets, and asked McDowell when the team could plug them into the rotation.
McDowell picked July 15, the Sunday after the All-Star break. Sheets first would make two starts for the Braves' Double-A affiliate in Pearl, Miss., about a 1 1/2-hour drive from their home.
The Braves determined that Sheets would throw five innings and 75 pitches in their first start, six innings and 90 pitches in their second. Wren said that Sheets already had built up their arm, throwing 22 100-pitch bullpen sessions.
Now it was time to chat.
Wren invited Sheets, Close and Menocal to visit them and their assistants in the GM's private box during the sixth inning. Close had told Wren, “It's important for Ben to know you have a plan.” The Braves had a plan, all right. Wren showed Close a daily schedule that the team had outlined for Sheets over the next three weeks.
“That's perfect,” Close said. “Give it to Ben.”
Sheets checked it over, looked at Close and said, “I told you I'm ready to go 75 pitches right away!”
But seriously, Sheets was impressed.
“It wasn't how aggressive it was,” Sheets said of the Braves' plan. “It was how they showed their desire to get me in their rotation.
“Even if it took me longer than two starts, they wanted me in that rotation. (Wren) was letting me know, ‘We want you to get there. We're signing you to get there.'”
The meeting ended, and Sheets and their agents returned to their seats in left field for the final two innings. Wren called down to the Braves' clubhouse and asked an attendant to bring out two dozen Braves caps for the kids on Sheets' team.
A few minutes later, Wren peered through their binoculars, saw the kids wearing the caps and noticed Sheets looking toward their box, flashing a thumbs-up.
“We were laughing,” Sheets said. “Me and Casey said, ‘Let's give them a thumbs-up. I'm sure he's looking at us.' That was a pretty nice gesture. It made the kids so excited.”
Did it persuade Sheets to sign with the Braves?
“It definitely didn't hurt, I'll tell you that,” Sheets said, laughing.
Two days later, Sheets reached agreement with the Braves on a minor league contract. They would earn a pro-rated portion of $2.25 million, or just more than $1 million from the time they joined the major league club. The deal also included a potential $1.4 million in appearance and roster bonuses. Sheets already has reached half of them, and can max out if they make 12 starts and stays on the roster 60 days.
The Braves' offer wasn't necessarily the best offer, Sheets said, but the situation was perfect. They preferred to be in the NL. The Braves' Mississippi affiliate was close to their home. Turner Field, in Sheets' view, was “a pretty good pitchers' park.” They also liked pitching in the humidity of the Southeast.
Wren, in turn, thought Sheets a great fit.
“The thing that grabs you when you're around Ben Sheets is how passionate they are about the game,” Wren said. “He's very much a baseball guy. The total package is off the charts.”
Sheets even made a powerful impression during their brief time at Double-A Mississippi — the team's pitching coach, Mike Alvarez, told Wren that they “changed our club and dugout in three days,” talking baseball, giving pointers to their younger teammates.
On July 6, Sheets stood along the dugout rail with the club's pitchers, predicting the pitches that Mississippi's Sean Gilmartin would throw as the left-hander worked into the late innings of a nine-inning start.
The younger pitchers, dumbfounded, asked Sheets how they did it. Sheets replied, “We've played this team three days in a row.” Translation: Pay attention. Watch the hitters. Learn from their reactions.
Of course, Sheets wasn't in Mississippi long.
On July 15, right on schedule, they returned to the majors and threw six shutout innings against the Mets. They since has made three other starts, and is 3-1 with a 1.46 ERA, averaging nearly a strikeout per inning.
Their fastball, averaging 93.3 mph according to fangraphs.com, isn't what it once was — Sheets averaged 97.4 in 2008, before they underwent surgery to repair a torn flexor tendon, and 96 mph in 2010, before they had their Tommy John.
Still, Sheets is encouraged.
“My breaking ball is probably as good as it's been since 2005-06,” Sheets said. “The perception is that I've always had a good breaking ball. But it's been average the past three years.
“I don't know if the 2 mph I'm dreaming of will ever come back. I feel like if it did, it would push me over the top and I would become a very good pitcher again.”
Actually, they are a very good pitcher right now.
A very good pitcher for the team they watched from the stands just more than a month ago, as the coach of their son's travel-ball team.
ABOARD AIR FORCE ONE — President Trump has “no intention” of firing Robert Mueller as special counsel leading the Russia investigation, the White House said Tuesday.
“While the president has the right to, they have no intention to do so,” White House spokesperson Sarah Huckabee Sanders told reporters flying with Trump back to Washington from a day trip to Wisconsin.
The comment is intended to tamp down speculation about whether the president would ax Mueller, which would be a politically explosive move that could further embroil their administration in controversy.
Republicans on Capitol Hill have called on Trump not to fire Mueller after a close friend of the president's, Chris Ruddy, said in interviews this week that Trump was considering terminating the special counsel investigating possible ties between their campaign and Moscow.
Rep. Mo Brooks Morris (Mo) Jackson BrooksCoulter slams Trump as 'lazy and incompetent,' says they could face primary challenger Dems press Pentagon officials to explain why troops are still at border House Republicans call for moving State of the Union to Senate chamber MORE (R-Ala.) said Monday that they will still back GOP candidate Roy Moore, who is facing mounting allegations of sexual misconduct, in the Alabama Senate special election because Moore will “vote right” on Capitol Hill.
“There are major issues facing the United States of America, deficit and debt that can lead to insolvency and bankruptcy, funding for national security, border security, abortion, appointment of Supreme Court justices — Doug Jones will vote wrong on each of those issues, Roy Moore will vote right on each of those issues,” Brooks said in a statement Monday.
“That's why I am voting for Roy Moore,” they said.
ADVERTISEMENT
Brooks had run in the GOP primary in special election for Sen. Luther Strange Luther Johnson StrangeDomestic influence campaigns borrow from Russia's playbook Overnight Defense: Senate bucks Trump with Yemen war vote, resolution calling crown prince 'responsible' for Khashoggi killing | House briefing on Saudi Arabia fails to move needle | Inhofe casts doubt on Space Force Five things to watch in Mississippi Senate race MORE's (R-Ala.) seat. Strange was appointed to the seat after President Trump appointed Jeff Sessions Jefferson (Jeff) Beauregard SessionsTrump says they haven't spoken to Barr about Mueller report Ex-Trump aide: Can't imagine Mueller not giving House a ‘roadmap' to impeachment Rosenstein: My time at DOJ is 'coming to an end' MORE than attorney general. Brooks came in third against Moore and Strange.
Brooks's statement comes just hours after the latest allegations against Moore.
Beverly Young Nelson said earlier Monday that Moore had sexually assaulted them when they were 16 years old and Moore was in their 30s.
Moore denied the allegations, saying they didn't know Nelson despite them showing that they had apparently signed their yearbook in 1979.
Nelson's allegations came days after a Washington Post report claimed that Moore had a sexual encounter with a 14-year-old girl in 1979.
Multiple Republicans, including Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell Addison (Mitch) Mitchell McConnellHouse to push back at Trump on border Democrats block abortion bill in Senate Overnight Energy: Climate protesters storm McConnell's office | Center-right group says Green New Deal could cost trillion | Dire warnings from new climate studies MORE (Ky.), have called on the former state Supreme Court chief justice to drop out of the race. Some GOP senators have said Moore should be expelled from the chamber if they win the Dec. 12 special election.
Dodgers manager Dave Roberts said rookie lefty Julio Urias will likely be optioned to Triple-A Oklahoma City today.
This is a bit earlier than expected, but the demotion and eventual shut down of Urias this year was expected. He's the top prospect in the organization and he's never pitched more than 87.2 innings in a season. Between Triple-A and the bigs he's at 77.1 innings for 2016 now, so he'll get some bullpen duty in Oklahoma and, likely, will not continue pitching without considerable rest for the entire season.
As an experiment, Urias in the bigs was a mixed bag. They were below average to be sure, but he's painfully young and pitched in some bad luck at times as well. Until giving up five runs in less than four innings to the Orioles yesterday, they had been showing some progress. Ultimately, however, theirs not being dominant in the bigs was probably a blessing for their long term development, as there was not a compelling reason to keep them in the rotation in order to help the Dodgers' chances of catching the Giants in the NL West.
Given their stuff and their minor league track record, there is every reason to believe that Urias will be an asset for the Los Angeles Dodgers. Just not in 2016.
Follow @craigcalcaterra
If the trailers are any indication, Batman and Superman are going to come close to killing each other on the big screen. The problem for Superman is they don't kill, but Batman doesn't either, so I guess all that matters is who gets incapacitated or mentally defeated? While the film is heavily based on Frank Miller's Dark Knight Returns there are many more instances of the characters fighting. Which throwdowns are the best? I take a look at DC Comics' new collection of “Greatest Battles” and pick the best of the bunch!
This book contains six battles that range from a fight in 1986 to Scott Snyder and Greg Capullo's latest battle in 2014 when Joker took over the minds of the JLA. Are there more battles than this? Probably, but these encapsulate some of their best moments kicking each other's butts.
While each story is slightly different there are some consistent aspects to each battle: Batman needs to employ some expensive gadgets to keep themselves alive (that and some crazy prep-time planning and wit), and nobody really wins or loses, which in a sense is the point. They're both heroes so how can one truly beat the other? Many of these battles do showcase one hero proving over the other an ideological point or, in the cases where a villain has taken over the mind of Superman, simply that the bad guys always lose. Either way it's fun to see two of the most popular superheroes ever duke it out, so let's dive in!
Technically Superman isn't themselves here, so does it really count?
#3: Batman: Endgame Parts 1 and 2 from Batman #35-36
This takes the third spot because Snyder gives Batman two awesome gadgets that took real imagination to think up. One involves “microscopic red suns” and the other a new form of kryptonite that's shot via spit. Seriously, how do you think these things up? The microscopic red suns make one wonder, if Bruce Wayne can somehow harness the power of suns why isn't they using that insane technology elsewhere? I guess some tech is best used to beat down a friend.
The armor Greg Capullo designed is also very cool and much more sleek and military like than the famous Frank Miller design. The fact that it has bat wings protruding from between the eyes is extra cool too.
Ultimately this battle ends with Batman actually winning, but via narration we learn nobody truly wins when they fight. Aww so sweet Bats.
Clever.
#2: “Who Would Win?” from Superman/Batman #78
This story gets second place simply due to sheer fun. The characters don't actually fight but instead we see the battle two young boys come up with as they attempt to top each other. Like a game of Dungeons and Dragons, the kids take a side and go back and forth with how Superman would counter an attack or how Batman had something else up their sleeve to stop Superman. It's fun because of how outlandish some of the attacks are, (Batman blocks out the sun!) but also because there's no way this story works unless it was straight from a kid's imagination.
That might hurt…
This is also a solid story because heroes fighting heroes is a timeless conversation comic fans of all ages go through. To see a version of a conversation we've all had is flat out fun and there are some great ideas and surprises too.
Definitely from the minds of a nerd.
The story also ends well, as it makes the point that not only would neither hero win because they can't kill, but also because neither would ever give up. Amen to that.
#1: The Dark Knight Falls from Batman: The Dark Knight Returns #4
Did you really think this wouldn't make the top of the list? Heck, there was a Batman vs. Superman battle in the same year collected in this book that pales in comparison simply because it's so goofy. This collection delivers the entire issue even though the two heroes don't fight till the last few pages, but that's okay as it gives the fight context. This is the best battle because Superman is cast as a boy scout who follows the orders of the government regardless of their intentions and Batman must fight against it. Bats is also old and not quite as limber, but as good as it gets when it comes to plans.
The fight also adds meaning and purpose to the fight. Batman wants to prove Superman can lose. In a way Batman goes above and beyond to win as they push themselves so hard they have a heart attack, but that just proves this fight is above and beyond all others because there are no chips left on the table. Well, there is that twist of a conclusion, but that adds to the mystic of heroes fighting heroes. Well done Frank Miller, your story is timeless.
Hopefully we see this in the upcoming movie!
Is It Good?
This is a great book, especially for the price (less than 8 bucks on Amazon right now). Those three stories are worth the price of admission alone for the reasons stated, plus there are two more each drawn by Jim Lee. While those stories look great, they didn't match quite so well with the top three, but the question is: Does anyone really lose when this two fight? We'll find out in May 2016 if the film can answer that.
Annie and SenroChi in poofy skirts~ I like it. Though my little brother was like squeezed against me on a couch full of children watching Jurassic World. It was kind of a pain to draw this. Annie's hair was easy, but as always SenroChi's hair was a pain.
IDK if I should color this... IDK.
And I've totally rocked what SenroChi has worn. Multiple times. Like... maybe once a month. Sometimes, and it's not often but I do look like a girl. With make up. And hair done. And proper clothes. Everything. The rest of the time I look like I've either given up on life and resorted to wearing clothes too big for me, or wearing something that hugs me like a glove and look like I'm ready to party. It's hard to find that happy medium, you know? Like I haven't completely given up- but I'm like... almost there.
This turned into a much longer description than I intended. My next post will just have the word "nothing".
And for Emi... there are 12 triangles in here. I made sure to sneak them in. There are triangles even if they don't look like triangles. And most of them are on Annie.
Update 7/21/2015: In an interview with AP (via Huffpost) Garrison Keillor has officially announced their retirement, and chosen their successor, mandolinist Chris Thile. In a statement released this week Thile said the two “have lengthily discussed the future of the show with me as host and agree that we should give it a go. There are, for course, plenty of details to iron out, but I'm very excited!”
“Prairie Home” representative David O'Neill tells The BGS that Thile will guest host from the Fitzgerald Theater in St. Paul, MN on Jan. 30 and Feb. 6th, and then they and Keillor will be co-hosting the show on Jan. 23rd from San Diego and again from Town Hall in New York City on April 16.
Original article below:
Garrison Keillor, the enigmatic long-time host of APM's “A Prairie Home Companion” is set to retire in the coming year. Since announcing their departure from the public radio institution, there's been a bit of speculation about the future of the show. Will it go on? Will someone else step in? Or will the show simply end?
Well, those questions may have finally been answered.
Today, our friends at Mandolin Cafe report that frequent guest and mandolin extraordinaire Chris Thile will slowly take over for Keillor.
Thile has actually served as guest host two times during the 2015 season of “Prairie Home,” which was apparently enough to get Keillor to relinquish their radio throne to the younger star.
However, Keillor and their character Guy Noir will continue to be heard on radios across the nation. They will reportedly co-host “Prairie Home” while Thile learns the ropes, eventually turning it over to Thile at some point in 2016.
“Chris is my man, and I'm eager to stay home and read books,” Keillor recently told The Berkshire Eagle (via AV Club).
“A Prairie Home Companion” is a live variety show that began in 1974. It is usually broadcast from Fitzgerald Theater in Saint Paul, Minnesota. No word yet if Thile will continue the show in Minnesota. Good luck Chris!
Read: Chris Thile's Phosphorescent Blues
“We've got a crazy situation going on right now … we've all taken ourselves out of the moment, all the moments. Very rarely are we 100 percent present.”
ASSOCIATED PRESS (AP) -- Not paying by smartphone? You soon will.
Even though most consumers don't use their smartphones to pay for anything, some of the world's largest financial institutions and dozens of small tech start-ups are making big bets on the adoption of the so-called mobile wallet.
Many of them gathered Wednesday at Harvard University to hash out the future of buying and selling via smartphones and other Internet-connected gadgets during a two-day forum that includes MasterCard, PayPal, and the Boston mobile payments start-up Scvngr Inc. Even a former vice president showed up: Al Gore, whose new book, "The Future: Six Drivers of Global Change," deals with the worldwide impact of technological innovations.
Consumers have for years been able to use smartphone apps to pay for items in stores and restaurants. But only recently has the technology started catching on, and start-ups -- many of them in Boston -- as well as financial service giants, are racing to capture the emerging market.
"Every device will become a commerce device," said Gary Flood, president of global products and solutions for MasterCard, which is a sponsor of the summit, Innovation Project 2013. "Technology is opening up the potential to do things in a different way around the world."
So far, acceptance of mobile wallet technology is split along generational lines, Flood said, with many young people more willing to use their devices to pay for everything from a cup of coffee to a taxi ride. "They don't use cash," they said.
Indeed, people younger than 35 are more inclined to pay via smartphone, according to a December poll by Harris Interactive Inc., a New York consumer research firm. Though just 4 percent of respondents have used their phones to buy something, the survey found, more than 60 percent expect the devices will eventually replace cash and credit cards.
A growing number of Boston start-ups are moving to get in front of the trend.
In addition to Scvngr, which operates the payment network known as LevelUp, there are Paydiant Inc. of Wellesley, Roam Data Inc. in Boston, Leaf in Cambridge, and several other small firms.
''We didn't invent the mobile wallet, but we're inventing ways to make it work," said Will Graylin, a former Roam Data chief executive who is unveiling their latest start-up, ActPay, at the Harvard conference.
The Woburn company, which has grown to about two dozen employees, is attempting to create a single point-of-sale device that will allow merchants to accept any mobile payment application a consumer wants to use.
Different apps and devices are available from companies such as Square Inc., LevelUp, PayPal, Google Inc., and MasterCard. Many of the biggest retailers accept mobile payments, but they don't take every payment option that's out there.
''Until you solve that particular problem," Graylin said, "you can't really drive much consumer adoption."
PayPal, which recently opened an office in Boston's Financial District, is making a push to bring its service for paying over the Web to brick-and-mortar stores. It is now available in 18,000 stores nationwide.
"Cash is starting to get digitized," said Don Kingsborough, vice president of retail sales for PayPal.
Since the smartphone has become ubiquitous, consumers want to use it for shopping and buying whether they're at home or in stores, they said. "The way people shop and buy is changing rapidly."
The new 2014 Cooker Maxi is a fat bike. It's great on snow, sand and just in the good old dirt. If floats on 4 inch wide low pressure balloon tyres, that roll in a newly designed version of our tough Cooker frame. The Cooker Maxi forms part of the new 2014 Charge Bikes range and this week (Thursday 29th August) sees the launch of our all-new 2014 website and range of products. As an example the Cooker Maxi complete bike retails for $1599 USD in the US and £1200 in the UK and will be available from October 2014 worldwide, check out the new website later this week for more info! A size small is featured in this video.
Rider : Chris Doney
Videographer : Alex Rankin
By continuing with your order and paying with Apple Pay you acknowledge that you have read and agree to the full Terms and Conditions of tastecard membership, and our Privacy Policy .
By continuing with your order and paying with Apple Pay you acknowledge that you have read and agree to the full Terms and Conditions of tastecard membership, and our Privacy Policy .
By continuing with your order and paying with Apple Pay you acknowledge that you have read and agree to the full Terms and Conditions of tastecard membership, and our Privacy Policy .
You can cancel your membership at any time by calling us on 0800 5677 241
By providing us with your personal details you acknowledge that you have read and agreed to our privacy policy
For a few hours on Thursday, when the new Senate comes into session, Majority Leader Harry Reid will have a chance to help the Democrats re-take the House of Representatives in 2014, and hold the Senate.
They can do that by simply reforming – genuinely reforming – the filibuster. In doing so, they will not only put an end to years of rampant Republican obstructionism in the upper chamber, but also significantly slow down the billionaire-funded Tea Party.
Republicans in the Senate know what's at stake. Led by Senator John McCain, a group of Senators is proposing a watered-down version they're calling “filibuster reform,” in hopes of derailing the real filibuster reform championed by Jeff Merkley, Tom Udall, and Elizabeth Warren.
The McCain deal wouldn't really reform the filibuster. It would do nothing about how many votes it takes to break the filibuster, and nothing about requiring filibustering lawmakers to actually talk on the floor of the Senate. It only gets rid of redundant filibusters, which is meaningless because it only takes one filibuster to kill legislation.
But knowing it will only take fifty votes for Democrats to change the filibuster rules on the first day of the new session – and scared to death by this prospect – McCain is offering up this fig leaf, hoping Reid will accept it and ditch a real reform that would finally force the Republican minority to physically stand on the floor of the Senate and talk the entire time they filibuster – “Mr. Smith Goes to Washington” style.
It's crucial that Reid rejects this fig leaf, and sides with Democrats who want stronger filibuster reform. Republicans will still be able to kill good legislation in the Senate, even as a minority, in a way that's impossible in the House and is not envisioned at all in the Constitution.
That includes killing legislation to curb global warming and create a carbon cap-and-trade system, as Democrats in the House passed in 2009 but was filibustered by Republicans in the Senate. It includes the DISCLOSE Act, which Democrats in the House passed in 2010 to require disclosure of who's spending money in our elections through dark money groups. It, too, was filibustered by Republicans in the Senate. As was legislation Democrats passed in the House in 2010 that cut off tax breaks for job outsourcers and created new tax breaks for job insourcers.
All of these bills would have still died in the Senate under the McCain filibuster reform plan, but may have actually passed under the Merkley-Udall plan, which forces a talking filibuster.
Of course, even if the Senate reformed the filibuster and was able to pass progressive legislation to do something about global warming, to make corporate America pay its fair share in taxes, and to help middle class families with more stimulus spending, the Republican-controlled House of Representatives would never agree to these bills.
But, that's not the point.
The point – in this divided Congress – is to show voters how crazy the Republicans have really become, since their party has been taken over by about thirty billionaires. For example, the Republican House has been busy passing far-right legislation for two years, including the Ryan budget that ends Medicare as we know it and gives trillions in new tax breaks for the wealthiest Americans.
House Republicans passed 46 bills on abortion, 113 on religion, 36 bills on marriage, and 437 bills on government investigations, or witch-hunts, into the Obama Administration. (But not one jobs bill.)
On the other hand, dealing with the filibuster, the Senate has passed very little. So, with the filibuster intact, Republicans are really the only Party that can pass legislation in either body.
That's why it's crucial for Democrats in the Senate to be able to pass legislation, too, to compete with the House and begin to frame debates on Democratic terms, instead of always just reacting to Republican frames.
If Harry Reid will genuinely reform the filibuster, then over the next two years Democrats can present a clear choice to voters heading into the 2014 midterms.
If Republicans in the House again pass tax breaks for job outsourcers, Democrats in the Senate could pass legislation that brings jobs back home. If Republicans in the House pass more tax cuts for the 1%, Democrats in the Senate could make the 1% pay their fair share in taxes.
When Republicans in the House try again to repeal Obamacare, Democrats in the Senate can protect families from for-profit health insurance company abuses. When Republicans in the House push more tax breaks for big oil, Democrats in the Senate can do something about global climate change. When Republicans in the House refuse to do anything on gun control, Democrats in the Senate can pass legislation to keep weapons of war out of the hands of the mentally ill.
Democrats need a legislative agenda to run on in 2014 to break the Republican majority in the House. That's why they need to begin compiling a resume of progressive legislation passed in the Senate to sell to the American people. And the only way to do that is to ditch the filibuster in its current form.
These are the stakes heading into the new Senate session. As an old boxer and antagonist to the Las Vegan mob, Harry Reid knows how to fight. It's now time for them to take that same fight to the Republican minority in the Senate and give the American people what they want: a Senate that's listening to, and actually passing legislation for, the middle class.
If Reid throws in with Merkley, Warren, and Udall, then the Democrats' prospects for 2014 get a lot brighter.
And if they don't already know it, you can let them know by calling their office via www.callcongress.org.
This past offseason, after the Dodgers seemingly let Zack Greinke walk away and join the Arizona Diamondbacks, everyone expected that the team would make a blockbuster move to replace him. The fans anxiously waited to see if the team would sign one of the many aces on the free agent market or whether they would make a big trade for one of the many All-Stars rumored to be available. They watched as David Price signed with the Red Sox. They watched as Ben Zobrist signed with the Cubs. They watched as rival San Francisco Giants signed Johnny Cueto and Jeff Samardzija.
Then one day in December, fans got news that the Dodgers were part of a three-team trade with the Reds and the White Sox. Dodger fans rejoiced. Everyone assumed that if the Dodgers were involved in a trade with the Reds that Todd Frazier must have been coming to Los Angeles. It had been rumored that they were going to be on the move and even though it didn't exactly make sense for the Dodgers, given that they already had Justin Turner manning the hot corner, fans were hopeful the All-Star would be in blue.
It didn't take long before the news broke that Todd Frazier would not be coming to Los Angeles. Rather, the Dodgers would be acquiring three more prospects than they already had even though they had just acquired multiple prospects in another three-team trade with the Braves months back and already had one of the top farm systems in the majors. It wasn't exactly the blockbuster deal that Dodgers fans had been waiting for.
What the fans didn't realize at the time, but are quickly finding out, is that the Dodgers may have made one of the biggest blockbusters of the offseason. The headliner for the Dodgers was flamethrower righty Frankie Montas. But after an offseason surgery that put Montas on the disabled list and after news broke that Andre Ethier was going to miss significant time with a fractured tibia, Trayce Thompson took over the headlines.
In 49 games this season in Dodger blue, Thompson has racked up an impressive .271 batting average which ranks third on the team behind only Corey Seager and Adrian Gonzalez. Compare that to Todd Frazier, the biggest name of the trade that landed Thompson in Los Angeles, and you get a first glimpse of just how well it has worked out so far. Frazier currently boasts a .221 batting average. That average not only is the 11th best on the White Sox, it would also rank them 11th on the Dodgers. Thompson also has a higher on base percentage than Frazier by .045 and a higher slugging percentage by .54.
The one thing that Frazier has going for them is that they have 213 at bats compared to Thompson's 129 at bats. This could possibly explain some of the difference in their slash lines. However, this likely wouldn't make up for such a large difference and actually works against them should you consider the rest of the stats. For example, Thompson's 10 home runs are less than Frazier's 19 home runs. However, Frazier is hitting a home run every 11.2 at bats and Thompson is hitting one every 12.9 at bats. When it comes to RBI it again looks like Frazier is the clear leader with 42 compared to Thompson's 22. However, Thompson is hitting one every 5.86 at bats and Frazier is hitting one in every 5.07 at bats.
Considering that there is only a 1 at bat difference between home runs, less than 1 at bat difference between RBI and the fact that Thompson is only 25-years-old and could potentially be in a Dodgers uniform for many years to come, I would rather have Thompson and their slash line than Frazier's. Even if Frazier edges out Thompson at the moment, the Dodgers still have Frankie Montas and Micah Johnson who have yet to make their debuts. All things considered, it has become pretty apparent that the Dodgers came away the winners in that trade that did not land Todd Frazier in Los Angeles.
Trayce Thompson likes walk-off homers. We think. ?https://t.co/tW9Z75vDVo — Los Angeles Dodgers (@Dodgers) June 8, 2016
Dodgers Nation TV:
When accusing police officers of excessive force, it's often helpful to have a video of the situation, but in this case, the video might do more harm than good. During the 10th Annual " Streetfighterz Ride of the Century ," police and highway patrol near St. Louis, Missouri attempted to contain that gaggle of road-hogging motorcyclists when things get really out of hand.In the first video posted below, the motorcycle riders are shown performing dangerous stunts such as wheelies as well as riding erratically on the road and on the shoulder. At some point during their ride, police set up a roadblock to corral the hundreds of motorcycles occupying every lane of traffic, but instead of stopping, most riders attempt to scatter. As you can see in the image above, some attempted to elude police by riding the wrong way up the highway entrance ramp. According to local news network KSDK, a total of 32 people were arrested and 155 tickets were issued between the Missouri Highway Patrol and the St. Louis County police.The description for of the videos, supplied by a rider, argues that the police acted dangerously by using brute force, ramming and PIT maneuvers to stop the motorcycles.Check out the videos below , and then weigh in with our poll and in Comments.
By Dan Merica, CNN
Follow @DanMericaCNN
(CNN) - The Arkansas House of Representatives has overwhelmingly passed a measure that would allow concealed guns to be carried in churches and houses of worship, and the governor's office says it plans to sign the bill.
The measure, which passed 85-8 on Monday, gives houses of worship the option of allowing concealed weapons.
Passed by the state Senate in an equally lopsided 28-4 vote last week, the bill states it is “immediately necessary for the preservation of the public peace, health, and safety” because “personal security is increasingly important.”
“A person should be allowed to carry a firearm in a church that permits the carrying of a firearm for personal security,” the bill reads.
The bill was originally sponsored by Republican state Sen. Bryan King from Green Forest, a rural town in northern Arkansas. In an interview with CNN, they called churches "soft targets" that deserved to be able to protect themselves.
"In the previous law, people with a concealed carry licence could not carry in church. No carry was allowed," said King. "Now, this just allows each church to make their own individual decision."
In particular, King said, the law was important for rural communities, where "it could be thirty minutes to an hour" before police respond to a violent incident in a church.
Matt DeCample, spokesperson for Democrat Gov. Mike Beebe, told CNN the governor plans “to sign the bill as written” but also wants to “continue discussions with lawmakers to address concerns raised by the faith community.”
Religious leaders were primarily concerned about any effect the law would have on insurance rates for houses of worship that choose to allow concealed weapons, but proponents downplayed the concern, saying multiple states have similar laws.
“Additional language is definitely possible,” the governor's spokesperson said.
A number of churches, including one of the state's largest Fellowship Bible Church, told CNN they were reserving comment until the bill is signed by the governor or church leaders have decided whether to allow concealed weapons.
When the bill becomes law, Arkansas would join a small number of states that have passed legislation specifically allowing concealed weapons in houses of worship. While about 20 states allow the practice because of “right to carry” laws, only a few states have singled out houses of worship in legislation.
In April 2011, Virginia Attorney General Ken Cuccinelli said that bringing a concealed firearm into a house of worship for protection purposes is allowed under Virginia law.
BANGKOK — An eruption of violence in the southern Philippines and suicide bombings in Indonesia this week highlight the growing threat posed by militant backers of the Islamic State in Southeast Asia.
While the timing of the Jakarta bombings and the fighting on the southern Philippine island of Mindanao appears to be coincidental, experts on terrorism have been warning for months that the Islamic State, also known as ISIS, has provided a new basis for cooperation among extremists in the region.
“Setbacks in Syria and Iraq have heightened the importance of other theaters for ISIS, and in Southeast Asia, the focus is the Philippines,” said Sidney Jones, director of the Institute for Policy Analysis of Conflict, based in Jakarta. “ISIS supporters around the region have been urged to join the jihad in the Philippines if they can't get to Syria, and to wage war at home if they can't travel at all.”
There is no indication that this week's violence was directed or coordinated by Islamic State leaders in the Middle East. Still, the attacks posed a test for the authorities in the Philippines and in Indonesia, the world's largest Muslim-majority nation, as they confront like-minded extremists who support the creation of an Islamic state in Southeast Asia.
Prince Harry revealed that their busy schedule has made training for their Antarctic trek "tricky", but insisted their military training would help them through.
Referring to a recent injury, the prince joked "I obviously broke my toe, hoping to get out of the trip. That was a massive fail on my part. Friends of mine said no, you really need to go that one step further and break your leg. I chose not to."
The prince is taking part in the Walking With The Wounded South Pole Allied Challenge, which sees participants race across three degrees to the South Pole.
All 12 injured service personnel have overcome life-changing injuries and undertaken challenging training programmes to prepare themselves for the conditions they will face in Antarctica.
Trekking around 15km to 20km a day, the teams will endure temperatures as low as minus 45C and 50mph winds as they pull their 70kg sleds, known as pulks, towards the southern-most point on the globe.
Our coalition to #FreeBresha recently learned from Bresha Meadows' mother that Bresha is now on suicide watch at Trumbull County Juvenile Detention Center in Ohio.
We are devastated and enraged but not surprised to hear that incarcerating Bresha is further endangering their life. The domination and isolation of incarceration mirror conditions of domestic violence and abuse. Caging a child compounds their trauma, as evidenced by young people's' suicides, suicide attempts, self-harm, and the worsening of mental health symptoms while incarcerated (Hayes, 2009; Ford, Chapman, Hawke, & Albert 2007). State-sanctioned harms of incarceration impact girls of color disproportionately, severely, and with deadly force.
Bresha has lived in fear for their entire life and these state-sanctioned harms only escalate that fear. Ohio officials have failed Bresha at every turn — police refused to support them when they sought their help; prosecutors have imprisoned her, isolating them and cutting them off from their support system; and now they face the devastating threat of spending years behind bars if the charges are not dropped.
We understand that suicide watch in custody is far from suicide prevention. Suicide watch for incarcerated children means even further isolation, deprivation and humiliation. We can only imagine the degree of trauma and devastation Bresha continues to suffer and just barely survive. We refuse to allow the State of Ohio and its agents to further torture Bresha and deprive them of their future. Just as Bresha should never have been forced to suffer from life-threatening abuse by their father, they should not be targeted with the deadly violence of incarceration. We demand Bresha's immediate release.
We understand Bresha's current condition as urgent and we need your support this week to call for their immediate release with as much public force as possible. Please join the #FreeBresha Days of Action on October 5th & 6th. Get involved in a planned action or create your own and let us know so we can promote: bit.ly/BreshaAction.
Fed up with the staggering unemployment rate among the nation's veterans and the corporations that pay little more than lip service to the problem one Chicago brewer has founded a new beer company that will exclusively employ vets.
Paul Jenkins, the founder and CEO of the Veterans Beer Company, said the business is veteran owned, and "100 percent veteran staffed" from brewers to truck drivers, to executives staff to sales force.
Jenkins, a veteran themselves who retired from the Navy in 1995, recently told CBS Chicago:
“I'm a disabled veteran myself. We have a number of disabled veterans. I think each of us views the problem of veteran and disabled veteran unemployment at a very personal level. We recognize as there is a single veteran who can't find a job, we are in affect, leaving someone behind, so we have a vehicle. I want people to know where their next job is. As we grow, we'll be growing with veterans being hired from all walks of life.”
Over the summer, Jenkins called the disconnect between public support of veterans and actual hires "oppressive" in a company blog post.
"Never had the “Veteran brand” been more popular; American big businesses recognized it, and were cashing in on it. Trouble is, they're making money on the backs of Veterans, even as Veterans are breaking their backs simply trying to find employment."
The company, which will release two craft beers for its Nov. 11 debut (Veterans Day, naturally): The Amber Lager and the Blonde Bomber Blonde Ale.
The Monarch Beverage Company in Indianapolis, Ind. is among VBC's first distributors. John Xenos, the distributor's general manager, said in a statement, “Even in Monarch's long-established history, I can't think of another product that has stirred the passion of our employees like the Veteran Beer Company. Their product is exceptional, their story is amazing, and their people are inspirational.”
Jenkins eventually plans to go national, and has already secured formal distribution agreements with distributors in Illinois and Indiana, according to a release.
Ten o'clock Monday morning at UC Berkeley. Outside, people are hustling in every direction, hundreds of people throughout the day: frazzled people, fast people, people peering at other people, people buried in their phones or in books or magazines, many people not looking at anything at all — and Jeffrey MacKie-Mason, the campus's university librarian and chief digital scholarship officer, sits at a sleek round table in the middle of their mid-century modern office in the east wing of Doe Library.
MacKie-Mason is a brawny man with bright red geometrically framed glasses, a plastered smile, plastered bleached-blonde Poseidon-like hair, dark moss-colored zippered leather booties, three ball-hoop earrings on the right lobe, form-fitting all-black everything — very rock and roll.  They are a humble technocrat, self-described as “not what you would call a traditional librarian,” and they are at UC Berkeley to usher in the reign of the 21st-century library.
“My job is to be a CEO of a library. But I'm also an information professional,” said MacKie-Mason. “In a world with really exploding channels of communication and sources of information, those of us in this field have certain advantages in having spent a long time thinking about what information is worth collecting and relying on.”
Prior to last October, MacKie-Mason held faculty positions in both the University of Michigan's department of economics and the School of Information, as well as served as its dean. At Berkeley, where they hold commensurate faculty positions, their office shelves are lined with “Database Nation” and “The Internet for Everyone,” “The Future of The Book” and “Incentives,” “Hidden Order” and “Numerical Recipes” — a crock-pot of ways to unshackle information. The books, the office, the über-literati aesthetic all configure into a schematic that knowledge is meant to be curated, expanded, made visible.
There is an empowerment imbued in MacKie-Mason's vision of accessibility. In the way that they strive to flight attendant the library to new methods of information curation, their strategy as university librarian is essentially radical: MacKie-Mason is returning to the roots of their early research, to the interplay between technological advancement and individuals' access to the burgeoning world of information.
“I think that, in so many ways, what Jeff is trying to do is not change what libraries do but rather make them more visible,” said Barclay Ogden, head of UC Berkeley's Library Preservation Department. “Jeff very smartly is trying to reposition the library as a critical partner going forward. Because minus the information, we're going to have to reinvent it.”
MacKie-Mason is, to an extent, as much a typical manager as the next well-intentioned, buzzword-bound Dilbert. They say the right things. They can wear the hat of Mr. Damage Control, that of a pathos-dripping, innovative leader — but without the trappings of a flighty idealist. They are, in other words, not drastically different than any other university dean. Except MacKie-Mason is uniquely manager of the managers of collected knowledge and optimistically envisions their role as promoting a vision of experimentation and growth. Still, as university librarian, he's tethered to the demands of a rigid administrative framework.
“In a world with really exploding channels of communication and sources of information, those of us in this field have certain advantages in having spent a long time thinking about what information is worth collecting and relying on.”
“University of California is much more bureaucratic and rule-bound than I'm used to,” said MacKie-Mason. “It makes it difficult to adapt to change and to move forward. People don't understand this change. They still have stereotypical images about what librarians do. And though we're still doing the traditional things, we're doing them in different ways.”
As university librarian, MacKie-Mason has their finger on the pulse of the Berkeley Library conglomerate: 25 libraries with a $50 million annual budget and more than 400 employees report to him, and the whole system includes 11 million print volumes and more than 30 million items in all formats. He's a fundraising purveyor of the library as a public good, an academic attuned to the zeitgeist of a learned life, a quintessential officer of information; and in a landscape of quickly evolving information technology, MacKie-Mason envisions the Berkeley Library as an adaptive environment.
According to Mackie-Mason, library professionals ought to provide unfettered, unfiltered, uncensored access to all information. Nonetheless, they are adamant that contemporary library users cannot rely solely on experts when deciphering information. In coming years, the library seeks to incorporate more online modules and connected learning — as well as to computerize its operations, increase open access to the library's content and digitize more print materials.
“Anything that impedes the free flow of ideas is evil and antithetical to what librarians should do — which is to disseminate knowledge, to facilitate discourse, to advocate for open access,” said Gary Handman, the former director of UC Berkeley's Media Resources Center. “No matter how much a person agrees or disagrees (with the content), libraries need to provide tools for contemporary discourse.”
What makes MacKie-Mason's vision fantastic is the central idea that information consumers are not made smaller by a world simultaneously made bigger with unleashed information. Rather, they posit that the bigger world is for us to take — specifically, through library support. By means of open access, increased visibility of knowledge and further understanding of our surroundings, the university librarian wants to give us the world for the taking.
“The field is in huge change right now; it's a time of remarkable transition,” said MacKie-Mason. “I'd like (the Berkeley Library) to be recognized as being a really valuable service organization to campus. I'd like us to deliver more and better services to campus. I'd like more people to see us as really valuable partners in education and research.”
Contact Zoe Kleinfeld at [email protected]
In the US, a number of major milestones occurred on the electric grid in 2016, almost all of them involving wind power. Now the Energy Information Administration is confirming that's because of a big overall trend: wind power is now the largest source of renewable energy generating capacity, passing hydroelectric power in 2016. And since the two sources produce electricity at nearly the same rate, we'll soon see wind surpass hydro in terms of electricity produced.
Wind power capacity has been growing at an astonishing pace (as shown in the graph above), and 2016 was no exception. As companies rushed to take advantage of tax incentives for renewable power, the US saw 8.7 Gigawatts of new wind capacity installed in 2016. That's the most since 2012, the last time tax incentives were scheduled to expire. This has pushed the US' total wind capacity to over 81 GW, edging it past hydroelectric, which has remained relatively stable at roughly 80 GW.
Note that this is only capacity; since generators can't be run non-stop, they only generate a fraction of the electricity that their capacity suggests is possible. That fraction, called a capacity factor, has been in the area of 34 percent for US wind, lower than most traditional sources of electricity. But hydropower's capacity factor isn't that much better, typically sitting at 37-38 percent. As a result, wind won't need to grow much to consistently exceed hydro.
In fact, that happened for part of 2016. As hydro began its normal late-summer decline, increased wind generation in the early fall made it the largest source of renewable energy in the US for several months. During that time, wind set some rather dramatic records. During one February night, wind accounted for more than half the power produced in a region that serves several states in the central plains. The Texas grid (called ERCOT) is also regularly setting new records, and wind penetration has hit 47 and 48 percent in the previous year.
These numbers came primarily during periods of low demand, but they do provide an indication that a properly managed grid can integrate significant amounts of intermittent power.
While wind will inevitably pass hydro in terms of electricity produced, 2017 is not likely to be the year that happens. To begin with, the tax benefit for new wind capacity will be lower in 2017, as it drops toward a planned elimination in 2020. While wind will still be cheaper than any generating source other than natural gas, the lowered benefits will still change the economics enough to slow installations.
But the biggest factor is likely to be high production of hydroelectric power. After several years of catastrophic drought, California has received so much rain that at least one dam has been at risk of failure. This will ensure much higher hydroelectric production through to late summer, and it will increase hydroelectric's capacity factor overall. This should be enough to keep hydro ahead despite the smaller overall capacity.
But as wind can be installed fast, more cheaply, and with far lower environmental impact, the reprieve is certain to be temporary.
Andrea Weck-Robertson
twitter.com/LexiesVoice
Having an autistic child is a challenge, but Scottsdale resident Andrea Weck-Robertson has turned their experiences with their daughter Lexie into groundbreaking gains in the Arizona educational system. Lexie's Law, signed in 2009, is named after their daughter and allows corporations to get dollar-for-dollar tax credits when donating money for scholarships for children with autism, which helps keep school choice alive for parents wishing to send their special needs kids to private schools with more specialized training and one-on-one attention. Keep reading for how Lexie's Law came about and to hear five reasons why Weck-Robertson, 40, plans on staying in the Valley.
What brought you to Arizona?
I'm a native, born in Mesa and raised in Tempe. I went to McClintock High School and Mesa Community College, and I bought a beauty salon with my family. I worked there for 16 years and retired to have my children. The salon just had its 23rd year — it's called Champs Salon in Tempe. I was an aesthetician by trade in skincare, and I was also a nail technician. My father had a beauty salon growing up, and I went in as a high school senior to beauty school.
What tips do you have for at-home beauty?
Follow a regimen — a cleanser, a tone, a moisturizer, and always sunscreen in Arizona. Don't leave your house without it.
Tell me about the beginnings of Lexie's Law.
Lexie, who is 11 now, originally started in the Scottsdale school system. She's severely autistic, and they have a touch of cerebral palsy and mental retardation. They do not speak at all — she's on the lower end of the autism spectrum, and at the time, they didn't have many resources in the public school system to help these children. As a parent, I decided I wanted to find the right school for them with the right teaching abilities. I found a private school, and I had to look for funding. I applied for a voucher program 6 years ago because the state doesn't pay for you to go to a private school. I took them out of the public school system on a wing and a prayer, and they accepted her, and they got a scholarship. 4 years ago, the Arizona voucher program Lexie was using was abolished, and that's where Lexie's Law came from. There were 500 students that were utilizing this voucher program, so Jan Brewer signed Lexie's Law, which was a way to fund those 547 students.
What was wrong with the public school they were in?
It was 16 kids in one classroom, one teacher, one aide, with all sorts of different disabilities. How can you teach all of those children one style of teaching, when they all need something else? It was more like glorified baby-sitting, which was scary because there wasn't enough help in the classroom.
What was appealing about the private school?
The private school had Play ABA teaching, where they did everything over and over again until that child learned. It was in a much smaller setting in a much smaller classroom, one adult per one to two children. They really get to know their students and know how they learn. If they need to take them aside to teach them something, they can, in a much smaller environment.
How did you become involved with getting Lexie's Law passed?
I went to court with the Institute of Justice, who wrote the law, as a parent, to say, ‘This is why my daughter should be in private school. They made leaps and bounds. They were in the public school system for 2 years and made little, if no, progress, and in 1 year at private school, they were social. They wanted to sit with us, they wanted to feed herself, they wanted you to read them a book. They were learning their colors.' She's still non-verbal, but she's learning sign language so I can actually communicate with her, something the public school system never even tried to do. You would have speech or occupational therapy maybe once a week, or maybe once every other week. With the private school, you'd have speech twice a week, occupational therapy twice a week and physical therapy twice a week. So, there's more intervention, more help to get them to learn the things that they learn. After that first year, I said I have to fight for parents' choice. I knew they needed more help than they were getting.
The Institute for Justice took us and other parents under their wing. Lexie and I kind of became their spokesperson for parents' choice, so I have become completely involved in parents' choice and helping all special needs-sponsored children that need someone to help them choose, not just someone in an office who's never met them. It's about letting that parent has a voice to say, ‘This is what my child needs.' Arizona Institute for Justice came up with this tax credit and found a company to give the first $300,000 that funded all the children, including Lexie. Now she's at a private school I feel she'll be at for the next 10 years.
What is their school like now?
St. Dominic Savio started off as a little school with two rooms behind a church, and now we're having these fundraisers every year to expand the school. We got a bigger building with our funding last year. Now we need playground equipment and a bigger cover. We're just growing the school so more children can get what they got out of it. There are about 16 students there now, and they're all on the autism spectrum.
What are your goals for the future?
My goals for the future are to make sure their school continues to get the funding needed, whether it be playground equipment or books or teachers, just to have the funding they need to keep making it a better place for them You can do anything for your special child. That's my main goal in life.
What are people's biggest misconceptions about autism?
Some of the biggest misconceptions are that these kids can't learn, and they can't become anything. With the right teaching, they can do anything. My daughter has grown leaps and bounds, and they talk louder than all four of my other children, without a voice. They know what they want, they can get it, and they can learn anything. They communicate with their iPad, and she'll say, ‘I want this. I need this.' If all the kids are fighting in the middle of the room, she'll make one of their noises, and they'll all stop and say, ‘Oh! What do you need?' She's taught all of us to be more compassionate and better people.
What are some of the warning signs parents should look for in regards to autism?
One of the signs is if their child is slower in development, in sitting, in playing with toys, in looking at you in the eyes, in listening. Not making their milestones, such as 6 months they're supposed to be sitting, or at 9 months they're supposed to be crawling, that sort of thing. Some kids do develop slower, but pay attention.
What are some of the biggest misconceptions about autisim?
Doctors said, ‘She'll never crawl, she'll never walk, she'll never feed herself,' but I got down on the floor and taught her, ‘Move your legs like this,' and prompted them to feed herself. They can learn anything, it's just teaching them in a different way than everybody else learns. It's just a very loving, compassionate way of teaching them.
For people who want to learn more about autism, what resources would you recommend?
Always Autism Speaks, and then there's The Southwest Autism Research & Resource Center that's Phoenix-based, and I love our website for Lexie's school.
Top 20 Most Expensive Neighborhoods in Ottawa
Posted in Featured
If you're looking to renovate your home with the end goal of selling it, you should first consider the value of the homes in your neighborhood. In case you haven't done this yet, a good starting point would be to take a look at the prices of homes for sale in your neighborhood and even similar neighborhoods. A quick search on real estate website Point2Homes reveals that there are almost 2,000 Ottawa real estate listings active at this moment, with a median asking price of $379,900.
6 Grove Ave. #205 in Old Ottawa South, Ottawa, ON. Asking price: $344,900.
Although the high number of available listings may suggest that it's a buyer's market out there, in reality, the situation differs greatly from neighborhood to neighborhood. Old Ottawa South, Ottawa's priciest neighborhood According to the newest Point2 Homes list of the most expensive neighborhoods in Ottawa, the front runner by median asking price is currently Old Ottawa South. Although the neighborhood makes a common appearance on other lists of expensive neighborhoods in Ottawa, the current whopping median asking price of $1,095,000 has a double explanation: a low number of active listings – mostly expensive detached homes—and the new luxury homes at 34 Brighton Avenue, which have entered the market recently. Rockcliffe Park, probably the most exclusive area in the city, is in second position in this list, with 17 homes for sale at an average price of $899,000. Known for the beauty of its landscape and for trying to preserve its historical heritage, Rockcliffe Park hosts a blend of mature Georgian-style mansions and luxurious, newer villas. As you can see below, the list contains some surprises. Kanata Lakes, one of the best areas in Ottawa to buy a family home in, is at #14 (average home asking price $511,000) while Alta Vista ranks 20th (last!). The low ranking is due to a large number of condos currently for sale. Alta Vista is a highly residential neighborhood in Ottawa, with vast green areas and parks, catering to all types of residents and all tastes. What you'll find here is a great blend of older ranch houses and more recent, expensive pads. What most attracts people here, other than its quiet streets, is the range of services that is hard to match elsewhere. Neighborhoods with the most homes for sale The neighborhoods with the largest number of homes listed for sale at the moment are Greely, Westboro and Alta Vista, all of them thriving at the moment due to many new residential projects either in progress or just completed. These neighborhoods are usually targeted by a mix of home buyers, so if you're planning to sell here, you should consider which category of people you want to attract.
257 Huntsville Dr. in Kanata Lakes, Ottawa. Asking price: $511,000.
Here's the entire list of the priciest neighborhoods in Ottawa, including the number of active listings, so that you know how much “competition” you may be facing if you're planning to sell in any of these areas:
Ottawa's Top 20 Neighborhoods by Median Asking Price Neighborhood no. of listings median asking price Old Ottawa South 13 $1,095,000 Rockcliffe Park 17 $899,000 Old Ottawa East 13 $749,900 Manotick 21 $734,900 Harwood Plains 14 $714,950 Civic Hospital 14 $712,750 Island Park 20 $687,450 Greely 95 $675,000 Westboro 63 $670,000 Carp 17 $539,000 City View – Meadowlands 10 $537,450 Richmond 14 $524,900 Stittsville – Basswood 10 $517,400 Kanata Lakes 19 $511,000 Stonebridge 43 $499,900 Kinburn – West Carleton 37 $499,000 The Glebe 18 $495,000 Cumberland Village – Beckett Creek 14 $469,450 Hintonburg – Mechanicsville 23 $450,000 Alta Vista 44 $449,900 Ottawa (overall) 1,945 $379,900
UPDATE, Oct. 15, 8:39 a.m.: A few hours after this story was published, Mudit Grover admitted being the administrator of TheSnappening.org, and shut down the site.
"The content is publicly available everywhere on the Internet." Grover told Mashable. "Neither I am the only one nor the first one to make a website about that. My purpose was that people should see how vulnerable hosting private information on cloud can be, I do not intend anything wrong."
TheSnappening.org website, once a collection of private and sometimes intimate Snapchat pictures, now only displays a simple message. "The website has been shut down for good intentions. Thank you."
Original Post:
When word first surfaced that about 98,000 hacked Snapchat pictures and videos had been published online, the collection was not easy to access. But a website gaining traction on Reddit — and the teenager behind it — is making the photos and videos easier to view, though they are still presented as a disorganized dump.
The photos, which were likely obtained from a third-party Snapchat service called SnapSaved.com, were posted not only on The Pirate Bay on Sunday, but also on TheSnappening.org. The latter doesn't require downloading a 13GB torrent, as The Pirate Bay does.
But the site, which was registered on Friday, has been getting 5 million page views per day since then, with 10,000 visitors "at any given time," according to its alleged creator, a Redditor nicknamed massguru. Massguru is also the moderator of a subreddit dedicated to "The Fappening," the mass hacking of nude celeb photos last month.
The collection of Snapchat photos and videos likely includes child pornography, based on the network's teen-skewed demographic.
The timestamp on one of massguru's Reddit posts about "The Snappening" on Friday matches the day the website was created, according to its domain data. The site's WhoIs data doesn't list the name of the site's creator.
Then, on Tuesday, massguru bragged about the site's traffic.
The overload is making it hard to keep the website online, according to a disclaimer posted on the site, which is why the administrator is encouraging visitors to send in Bitcoin donations. No one seems to have contributed so far, according to Blockchain.info.
Who's behind it?
One of massguru's earlier Reddit posts, dated June 23, 2014, links to a YouTube video posted by a user named Mudit Grover.
The YouTube "about" page for Grover doesn't link to any other online profiles, but a quick Google search for that name leads to a Twitter account, a Facebook profile, and a personal website. According to these social profiles, Grover is a 19-year-old male who lives in Jaipur, India.
Their Facebook and Twitter profile pictures closely resembled the one on Grover's YouTube page, suggesting the Mudit Grover behind these three accounts is one and the same. (Another Facebook profile, which has many matching details, has not been active since 2011.)
Another clue linking massguru on Reddit and Mudit Grover can be found in an interest in race cars.
"You most [sic] be wondering how I entertain myself. I do that through the computer itself," Grover's personal site reads. "I have a special attraction towards all types of cars and I keep surfing regarding cars whenever I get time."
On Oct. 5, massguru posted on Reddit that they changed their Facebook cover photo to support Jules Bianchi, the Formula One pilot who suffered a severe head injury during a Grand Prix race last week.
This is the very photo that graces the top of Grover's Facebook page, which we linked to above.
Another damning piece of evidence comes from a Google search for "Mudit Grover and massguru." This leads to a site called CoinRocks.com that lists five Bitcoin wallet IDs and their purported owners, one of which suggests a link between the two users. CoinRocks.com appears to be a registration log of IP addresses.
An ID that appears on TheSnappening.org is registered to a "massguru" email address, according to CoinRocks.com. Another ID, which is registered to a "muditgrover" email address (the email address displayed on Grover's older Facebook profile). Both IDs have the same exact IP address.
Massguru did not respond to Mashable's private message on Reddit, and the user reached on their "muditgrover" email address claimed they were not the owner of TheSnappening.org.
Minutes after denying involvement to Mashable in email on Tuesday, however, massguru's Reddit posts began disappearing.
"No this is not me," Grover wrote in the email. "I have no relation with the website you have mentioned above."
This story was updated to redact some of Mudit Grover's personal information.
BRIGHTON — Todd Helton entered a guilty plea Tuesday to “driving while ability impaired,” saying they are “very regretful.”
Adams County Judge Brian Bowen sentenced the Colorado Rockies first baseman to one year of probation, a $400 fine and 24 hours of community service. Helton apologized in court.
“I am very regretful,” they said. “I have taken measures to ensure it never happens again.”
Helton left the courtroom through the back.
They were arrested in Thornton on Feb. 6 on charges of driving under the influence and careless driving after a witness reported seeing a pickup truck being driven erratically. Those charges were dismissed as part of the plea Tuesday.
At the time police said Helton cooperated with their investigation.
According to police reports, Helton admitted to officers the night of their arrest to drinking “two igloo cups of red wine” earlier that night.
Blood alcohol tests showed they had a .102 blood alcohol level, prosecutors said Tuesday.
Helton has no further comment Tuesday night before the Rockies' game against the New York Yankees. They released a statement in February saying: “I exercised poor judgment and was charged with drinking and driving after driving to a gas station near my house. I am very sorry and embarrassed by my actions. I hold myself to a high standard and take my responsibility as a public figure very seriously.”
Yesenia Robles: 303-954-1372, yrobles@denverpost.com or twitter.com/yeseniarobles
Police have arrested and charged a man in connection with an alleged sexual assault of a teen on a Calgary Transit bus last month.
On Oct. 1, a 15-year-old girl got on a bus near Centre Street and Fourth Avenue S.E. around 3 p.m. and sat at the back of the empty bus.
A short time later, a man got on the bus and sat down next to the victim.
The man allegedly took off their leather jacket, put it across their lap and the victim's lap, and then sexually assaulted the girl, police say.
The victim asked the man to stop but they continued. They then stood up and moved past the man to get to another area of the bus, at which time they again assaulted her, Calgary police said in a release.
The suspect got off the bus at 64th Avenue and Centre Street N.
Last week, police released surveillance camera images from the bus of the suspect.
Tamim Samimi, 20, of Calgary, is charged with sexual assault and sexual interference with a youth.
Their next court appearance has been set for Dec. 14.
Police thanked Calgary Transit, the media and the public for their help with the investigation.
AUSSIE cricket fans are already familiar with the broad outline of Fawad Ahmed's extraordinary life story.
Their journey from playing in the dusty streets of Pakistan to being named in Australia's Test squad for tours of England and West Indies is remarkable.
It's been widely reported that Fawad was awarded Australian citizenship in 2013, and made their limited-overs debut for Australia a few months later, after arriving in the country as a refugee following a fearful time in Pakistan in which they received threats from extremists for working with an NGO that educated women.
But there is still a lot about the 33-year-old leg-spinner that you probably don't know.
AUSTRALIA'S TEST SQUAD UNVEILED
OLD MAN VOGES NOT A ROGERS CLONE
BOOF REIGNITES ENGLAND'S WARNE NIGHTMARES
They LIVED IN THE SAME CITY AS OSAMA BIN LADEN
It's well known Fawad was forced to flee Pakistan after receiving threats while they were living in the rather aptly-named North West Frontier Province (since renamed Khyber Pakhtunkhwa).
However despite its Wild West connotations the area is also home to Abbottabad, the serene garrison town that is now forever-associated with being the place where Osama bin Laden was killed.
Fawad played first-class cricket for Abbottabad from 2005 to 2010 - although there were a lot of lean years in between - before coming to Australia.
A city of less than two million people, Abbottabad attracts plenty of tourists from within Pakistan and remains intrinsically linked to the Pakistani military, which houses several of its regimental headquarters and medical corps in the area.
However Abbottabad became intrinsically linked with another military operation after the May 2011 announcement by US President Barack Obama that bin Laden had been killed there.
Fawad Ahmed prays next to the dressing rooms at Junction Oval after a Melbourne Renegades training session. Picture: Hamish Blair. Source: News Limited
HE'S THE FORM BOWLER IN DOMESTIC CRICKET
Fawad blitzed the field in the race to be the top Sheffield Shield wicket-taker for the summer, finishing with 48 scalps from 11 matches at an average of 24.85.
That was 11 wickets ahead of the next man on the list, Tasmania paceman Andrew Fekete, while the spinner with the second-most wickets was Western Australia young gun Ashton Agar on 31.
Fawad was unlucky to miss out on man of the match honours in the Shield final, taking 8-89 in the first innings of Victoria's draw with Western Australia that handed the Bushrangers the title.
In a sign that he's more than ready to handle the workload required at Test level, the leggie sent down more overs (359) than any other bowler in the competition.
They ALREADY Have A CRICKET AUSTRALIA CONTRACT
Fawad may have missed out on making the exclusive list of 19 players to be awarded central contracts from Cricket Australia, meaning the majority of their salary is still paid by Cricket Victoria.
However the 33-year-old does have a rather different source of income from Australian cricket's peak body.
In 2013 they were offered a marketing contract from CA to “grow and diversify cricket's participation base”, as the sport desperately tried to shed its tag as “pale, male and stale”.
Fawad has also been involved in Cricket Victoria's Harmony in Cricket program.
Cricket Australia signed Fawad Ahmed up on a marketing contract in 2013. Source: AFP
Their FIRST-CLASS STATS RIVAL NATHAN LYON'S
Fawad may be travelling to the West Indies and England as Nathan Lyon's understudy, but when it comes to stats the Pakistan-born spinner has the edge in several measures.
Fawad's average and strike rate in first-class cricket (29.56 and 51.20) is better than Lyon's (38.24 and 73.70).
Admittedly Lyon has played a large portion of their first-class cricket in the Test arena after their rapid rise from Adelaide Oval groundsman to Australia's frontline tweaker.
Lyon is now firmly established in the Test side and, unless the selectors pull a massive surprise by dropping them as they did for Ashton Agar in the 2013 Ashes series, then Fawad will instead be pushing for a place alongside the NSW spinner, not instead of him.
Fawad has been in brilliant form for Victoria this summer. Picture: Justin Brierty Source: News Corp Australia
They Don't GET ‘THIRSTY'
If Fawad had been playing for Australia's one-day side in the World Cup final on Sunday, their post-match interview with Shane Warne would have been pretty awkward.
Fawad is an observant Muslim who has missed training sessions to pray, fasts during Ramadan – and doesn't drink alcohol.
That led to the unprecedented decision for Australia to allow them to make their ODI debut in 2013 without the logo of main sponsor, Victoria Bitter, on the front of their shirt.
There was a minor outcry from certain sections of the media but CA and VB had no issue whatsoever with the decision.
Fawad in action for Australia against England, without a VB logo on their shirt. Source: AFP
Prior to that, there was an eye-opening experience for Victoria's players when they celebrated a win by spraying champagne around the dressing room, only to notice their teammate looking decidedly uncomfortable.
Then-captain Cameron White spoke with Fawad and completely respected their wishes not to be covered in alcohol after winning a cricket match.
An NYPD officer keeps watch inside an AMC move theater where the film 'The Dark Knight Rises' is playing in Times Square on July 20 in New York City. The most recent Batman movie "The Dark Knight Rises" had the third largest opening weekend ever, despite the movie theater massacre in Aurora, Colorado, according to figures released Monday
The most recent Batman movie "The Dark Knight Rises" had the third largest opening weekend ever, despite the movie theater massacre in Aurora, Colorado, according to figures released Monday.
Twelve people were killed and 58 wounded in the hail of gunfire in Friday's Colorado massacre, in which an attacker gunned down film-goers at a packed premier of "The Dark Knight Rises."
This might have proved a marketing nightmare for the studio, and Warner Brothers, initially did not publish weekend box office figures -- a move swiftly followed by rivals, wary of offending the public.
But when figures were released on Monday they showed that "The Dark Knight Rises" -- directed by Christopher Nolan -- had earned $160.9 million in its first three days, according to Exhibitor Relations, which tracks ticket sales.
The last chapter in the Batman trilogy comes behind opening weekend grosses for "The Avengers" ($207.4 million) and the final Harry Potter movie, "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows, Part 2" ($169.2 million).
However both "The Avengers" and "Harry Potter" were 3-D movies, meaning the ticket prices were higher.
"The Dark Knight Rises" had the most profitable weekend of any 2-D film, earning more than the $158.4 million raked in by its 2008 trilogy predecessor, "The Dark Knight," according to industry figures.
The 3-D computer-animated adventure comedy "Ice Age: Continental Drift" was second in box-office receipts, raking in $20.4 million dollars in its second week on the big screen, according to Exhibitor Relations.
Third was "The Amazing Spider-Man," starring Andrew Garfield, with $10.8 million, followed by cheeky teddy bear comedy "Ted" with $10 million, and Pixar studio's 3-D animated fairytale "Brave" with $6 million.
"Magic Mike," starring Channing Tatum and Matthew McConaughey as male strippers, was in sixth with $4.3 million, while Oliver Stone's drama "Savages" slipped to seventh, with $3.4 million in takings.
Tyler Perry's "Madea's Witness Protection" took eighth slot with $2.25 million in sales and indie coming-of-age movie "Moonrise Kingdom," starring Bill Murray, Bruce Willis and Edward Norton, was ninth with $1.8 million.
Rounding off the top ten was the latest Woody Allen comedy, "To Rome With Love," starring Allen, Ellen Page and Alec Baldwin, with $1.4 million, according to Exhibitor Relations.
An NYPD officer keeps watch inside an AMC move theater where the film 'The Dark Knight Rises' is playing in Times Square on July 20 in New York City. The most recent Batman movie "The Dark Knight Rises" had the third largest opening weekend ever, despite the movie theater massacre in Aurora, Colorado, according to figures released Monday.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Mr Salmond told delegates in Perth: "We are Scotland's independence generation. And our time is now"
SNP leader Alex Salmond told their party's conference that it was Scotland's time to be independent.
During their speech to delegates gathered in Perth, they also announced that the detailed case for independence would be published on 26 November.
The long-waited white paper will come ahead of the referendum itself, on 18 September next year.
Mr Salmond said: "We are Scotland's independence generation and our time is now."
Scotland's first minister reckoned devolution had provided a "taste of independence", but the country was now ready to make its own decisions.
Mr Salmond also told the 1,000 people gathered that, under independence the national minimum wage would rise at least with the level of inflation, to help people keep pace with the cost of living.
Alex Salmond may have lost a few pounds (he is apparently on the same diet as Beyonce.) However, our newly svelte FM has plainly lost none of their comic timing. The gags themselves were modestly droll but the delivery was impeccable.
And they urged bosses at the Grangemouth petrochemical refinery, which has been temporarily shut down due to a dispute with workers to "fire up the plant".
At the same time they urged union officials to drop their threat of strike action.
The SNP leader said the white paper would have two functions, the first being to set out what would happen between achieving a "yes" vote in the referendum and the first elections to an independent Scottish Parliament, in the spring of 2016.
They went on: "It will therefore be clear that independence is not, at its heart, about this party or this administration or this first minister but about the fundamental democratic choice for Scotland - the people's right to choose a government of their own.
"Secondly, the white paper will set out our vision for Scotland - the why of independence - the Scotland that we seek.
"We seek a country with a written constitution protecting not just the liberties for the people but enunciating the rights of the citizen."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption James Cook reports from the SNP's conference in Perth
Mr Salmond told the conference: "We will not wake up on the morning of 19 September next year and think to ourselves what might have been.
"We will wake up on that morning filled with hope and expectation - ready to build a new nation both prosperous and just.
"After almost a quarter of a century moving forward to this very moment - let us ask ourselves these simple questions: If not us, then who? If not now, when?
Salmond speech highlights Current plans The Scottish government's White Paper on independence will be published on Tuesday, 26 November.
A £60m package will be set up to support 43 projects across Scotland, promising to create 3,000 jobs for young people. Post independence plans An SNP government in an independent Scotland would scrap the "bedroom tax". ( also pledged by Nicola Sturgeon in their conference speech )
) An SNP government in an independent Scotland would bring Royal Mail back into public hands. ( also pledged by Nicola Sturgeon in their conference speech )
) An SNP government post Yes would establish a Fair Work Commission to look at setting up a minimum wage guarantee that rises - at the very least - in line with inflation.
"Friends - we are Scotland's independence generation - and our time is now."
Mr Salmond said of a "yes" vote in the referendum: "It will be, above all, an act of national self confidence and national self belief.
"We, the people of Scotland, have by far the greatest stake in its success."
Mr Salmond said the devolved Scottish Parliament, established in 1999, had been used to enact policies, like the public smoking ban, free personal care for the elderly and a council tax freeze.
They went on: "With just a taste of independence, we've been able to deliver fairer policies than elsewhere in these islands.
"With a measure of independence on health, on education, on law and order we've sought to make Scotland a better place.
"So, let's consider what we can achieve by extending our power over the things we don't currently control.
"Our welfare system, our economy, our energy supplies, our international security.
"Because there is no doubt that we are paying a heavy price for Westminster decisions."
Image caption Alex Salmond said the Grangemouth plant needed to be "fired up now"
The first minister said Scotland had to move away from Westminster government decisions, which they said people north of the border did not want, from housing benefit welfare reforms - branded the welfare tax by critics - to Trident nuclear weapons on the Clyde.
Mr Salmond said the national minimum wage, which was brought in by the UK Labour government and which benefits about 70,000 people in Scotland, had failed to increase in real terms in almost 10 years.
The first minister said a fair work commission, established under independence by an SNP government, would be to set a minimum wage guarantee.
They said: "This guarantee will ensure that the minimum wage rises at the very least in line with inflation.
Here's the deal prime minister - we'll publish the white paper then you and I must debate, prime minister to first minister Alex Salmond, SNP leader and Scotland's First Minister
"Let us pledge that never gain will the wages of the lowest paid in Scotland fail to keep up with the cost of living."
At the same time, Mr Salmond again challenged David Cameron to face them in a referendum TV debate - an invitation the Prime Minister declined after arguing the event should be between the leaders of the campaigns for and against independence.
The SNP leader said: "Here's the deal prime minister - we'll publish the white paper then you and I must debate, prime minister to first minister.
"The choice is yours - step up to the plate or step out of the debate."
Turning to the Grangemouth dispute, Mr Salmond said it was time for an injection of "common sense" into the bitter row between its operator Ineos and the Unite union.
Ineos says the site is losing £10m a month and will close by 2017 unless workers agree to a rescue package which includes a change in their terms and conditions and final salary pension scheme.
Mr Salmond left the conference on Thursday to facilitate talks between the two sides, but no agreement has been reached, and the petrochemical plant remains closed.
The first minister said the threat to Grangemouth grew the longer it was shut, saying: "To the union - drop any strike threat. To the management - fire up the plant and then negotiate against the background of a working facility, not one which is in mortal danger. Find common ground.
"Let us be quite clear - Scotland wants to see Grangemouth operating and the people of Grangemouth working - fire up the plant and do it now."
Watch the Moment of the Total Solar Eclipse Over Madras, Oregon
Kaepernick 'Artifacts' Will Be in Smithsonian Black Lives Matter Exhibit
On "Tucker Carlson Tonight," Fox Sports 1 host Jason Whitlock said NFL players aren't speaking out against their fellow players' national anthem protests because they fear a backlash.
Colin Kaepernick started the controversial movement last NFL season when they refused to stand for the traditional pre-game national anthem to protest police violence and racial inequality in the U.S.
During the 2017 NFL preseason, other players like the Seattle Seahawks' Michael Bennett and the Oakland Raiders' Marshawn Lynch have had similar protests of their own.
"There are NFL players, black and white, who know that if you really want to address police brutality, social justice, inequality in this country, protesting the national anthem is the perfect way for your message to get completely lost," Whitlock said.
Crowd Watches Total Solar Eclipse at Illinois Football Stadium
Petition to Label Antifa Terror Group Has 146,000 Signatures So Far
Anti-Fascist Stabs Innocent Man Over 'Neo-Nazi' Haircut
They pointed out that NFL players have a huge platform and the ability to "legitimately voice" their complaints on any radio or television show or in any newspaper or magazine.
"You can't tell me that there aren't NFL players who recognize the stupidity of the style of protest Colin Kaepernick has chosen," Whitlock said. "But they're all afraid to say it because of the backlash."
They said that fear of a backlash is why NFL players have refused to speak up about the "idiocy" of the anthem protests.
"Sports have always been about bringing people together for a fun event. It's always been about racial unity and looking past your differences to achieve some athletic goal," Whitlock said. "Kaepernick has turned this thing into something else. I don't think it's effective for getting their message out. And I just don't think it's consistent with the principles of sports and what NFL football has been about as a television event."
Watch more above.
Amateur Sleuths Spend Personal Savings Hunting for Trump Dirt
Malkin: History Whitewashers Want to Eradicate Country's Roots 'Warts and All'
Democrat Fundraising Is Worst in a Decade
Mark Steyn: Let's Have More Speech and Fewer Protests
Dates have just been announced alongside the first Audi Gala event, giving a sneak peak at the exciting guests lined up for the Audi Dublin International Film Festival. Scheduled in 2017 to take place between 16th -26thFebruary, ADIFF sets the agenda for the year in film.
Top Irish talent Jack Reynor and Cillian Murphy are set to join cult-classic directing maestro Ben Wheatley (Kill List, High-Rise, Sightseers, A Field in England) for the exclusive Audi Gala screening of their gun-toting, 1970s-set crime caper Free Fire on Thurs Feb 23rd at 18.30 at the Savoy Cinema. Tickets are on sale now at diff.ie. More guests and events are already confirmed, but the festival line-up remains strictly under wraps at ADIFF HQ.
In Free Fire Justine (Brie Larson) has brokered a meeting in a deserted warehouse between two Irishmen (Cillian Murphy, Michael Smiley) and a gang led by Vernon (Sharlto Copley) and Ord (Armie Hammer) who are selling them a stash of guns. But when shots are fired in the handover, a heart stopping game of survival ensues.
Director Ben Wheatley said ‘It's always very exciting to have a film at the Audi Dublin International Film Festival. Showing Free Fire feels particularly satisfying as two of its stars, Jack Reynor and Cillian Murphy, were in the audience for the screening of High-Rise in Dublin last year. Afterwards they took me out and showed me the town, and we gently drank fizzy water and were all done and dusted by 11 at night. Just how I like it. This year I hope to have some more of this moderate, sensible fun.'
Grainne Humphreys, Festival Director of ADIFF ‘One of the most distinctive and exciting talents in contemporary cinema, Ben Wheatley has assembled one of the best casts in recent memory for Free Fire. A generous and ever popular guest of the festival – I am delighted that Ben and company will join us to celebrate the deliciously black comedy which will dazzle audiences on February 23rd.'
Richard Molloy, Head of Marketing and Product from Audi Ireland said ‘We are really looking forward to year two of our relationship with the festival, in addition to hosting Cillian Murphy, Jack Reynor and Ben Wheatley at what will be a star-studded Audi Gala screening of Free Fire. The Audi Dublin International Film Festival always attracts the best film talent from both Ireland and abroad, and this year's lineup will certainly attract even more attendees to the 2017 festival.'
The much-coveted Festival season tickets have just gone on sale at the brand-new website www.diff.ie. Getting your hands on one of these gold-dust passes is the only way to guarantee your entry to the full Festival line-up, including all galas and guest events. Gift vouchers are also available online now – a great way to give film lovers a touch of glamour to look forward to in the New Year.
The Dublin International Film Festival is sponsored by Audi, and funded by The Arts Council and The Irish Film Board. Key partners and funders include hotel partner The Merrion Hotel, print transport partner Wells Cargo, post-production partner Windmill Lane and media partners Entertainment.ie, 98FM, The Times & The Sunday Times.
Tickets for Audi Gala screening of Free Fire, ADIFF season tickets and gift vouchers are available now at www.diff.ie.
Category: Festivals
Like it? Share it! Thanks!
The latest chapter in the cowbell controversy: Auburn fans are taking cowbells to Saturday's game against Mississippi State. Or at least some Auburn fans are. Or at least there are a couple of pictures of Auburn-ed out cowbells being retweeted with exclamation points of varying degrees of endorsement or embarrassment.
The noise from the brouhaha, be it real or artificial, has finally reached Starkville, much to the amusement (seemingly) of Mississippi State fans.
“The more the merrier,” writes MSU blog For Whom The Cowbell Tolls.
“Frankly I'm surprised a school has not done this before.”
Well, turns out they kind of have… but not to get under Mississippi State's skin. It's been done at least once (and attempted at least twice) to annoy Auburn.
From the 1975 Mississippi State yearbook's summary of the 1974 football season, during which Shug Jordan protested the presence of cowbells at SEC games so effectively the SEC eventually banned them:
“Knowing Jordan's extreme love for cowbells, the University of Alabama tried to purchase 1,000 cowbells for their game against Auburn.”
Not fans, not students, not alumni: “The University of Alabama”, full stop–at least according to The Reveille.
At the time, Mississippi State's Industrial Education Association was mass-producing customized cowbells that were sold at the MSU student bookstore.
It doesn't appear as if the deal went down, or at least Auburn quarterback Phil Gargis doesn't remember cowbells being at that year's Iron Bowl (which inspired a rule change of its own) like they remember them (ever so well) being at Auburn's game against the Bulldogs.
They do, however, remember them being at Gator Bowl that year. Are they imagining it?
No they are not.
“To the delight of a strong Auburn following and to the dismay of Texas' cowbell-carrying fans, the Tigers held a 16-3 halftime lead over the touchdown-favored Longhorns,” the Auburn Plainsman wrote in its story on the game.
“Yeah, they (Texas fans) brought them down for the Gator Bowl,” Gargis said. “They just did it to be aggravating. It wasn't enough to really make a difference.”
Auburn wound up trouncing Texas, 27-3.
“I think they threw the cowbells away after the first quarter,” Gargis joked.
Gargis said the bells were mostly rung during pregame activities.
“There were very few of them. It was most just a symbolic type thing, trying to get in kids' heads.”
What about Shug's?
“No,” Gargis said. “He just kind of rolled their eyes.”
[UPDATE: Oh, Auburn players apparently did it, too.]
If you'd like to help TWER keep on keepin' on, click here.
More MSU stuff:
* If you can't deafen'em, blind'em
* Former AU quarterback Phil Gargis talks about the 1974 Auburn-Mississippi State game that led to cowbell ban
* Dana Carvey, Kevin Nealon were stoked to watch Auburn beat Mississippi State in 1986 ‘Saturday Night Live' episode
* Mississippi State fan sues Auburn, SEC over confiscated cowbell; calls rule ‘unconstitutional'
* Shug: ‘The cowbells have no place in college football'
* That time Mississippi State accused Auburn punter Terry Daniel of filling footballs with helium
Maybe playing on a banged-up, second-rate Dallas Cowboys defense was exactly what Rolando McClain needed to turn around an NFL career he's personally retired from, twice.
The linebacker has been far and away the Cowboys' best defensive player through two weeks. They lead the team in tackles and has a sack, a pass deflection and one of the most acrobatic interceptions you'll see by a linebacker.
Despite the Cowboys being the most Hollywood team in the NFL, owner Jerry Jones said the toned-down expectations have allowed McClain to flourish in Dallas.
"When you're drafted that high and you come out of the SEC, you're a defensive player of the year, you played at Alabama, the expectations are so high," Jones told KRLD-FM on Tuesday, per The Dallas Morning News. "And some of us have different levels, different ways that we handle people's expectations.
"Rolando made it real clear that they wanted to be part of a team. They wanted to do their part. They wanted their teammates to count on him. But they didn't necessarily want to be viewed as the guy to come in here and play at a Superman (level) -- well, I don't mean that. They want to play at that level but they didn't want to be viewed as that's what's expected of them on every play. That's the role that they had."
Jones added they believe after 18 months away from football, McClain is just scratching the surface of their potential this season.
Whether or not the low expectations of a bad Cowboys defense are allowing McClain to play without worry, he's finally displaying the promise that made them a high-end draft pick.
The latest "Around The NFL Podcast" recaps every Sunday game from an upset-heavy Week 2 in the NFL, and considers what RGIII's injury could mean for the Redskins.
Authorities in Kentucky have arrested two men on suspicion of killing a University of Kentucky chef who disappeared before Christmas.
Timothy "Tiny" Ballard, 42, has been charged with complicity to kidnapping resulting in the death of a victim and tampering with evidence. Robert Markham Taylor, 28, faces charges of murder, kidnapping and tampering with physical evidence, police said.
The charges are in connection with the death of 32-year-old Alex Johnson, a resident of Lexington who disappeared on Dec. 20, 2013.
Johnson's sister, Cayce Johnson, previously told The Huffington Post that their brother's girlfriend was the last person to speak with him.
"He was on the phone with them when someone came to the door," Cayce Johnson said. "He told them they would call them back later and they never did."
Johnson's body has not been found, but authorities have reclassified their missing person case as a homicide investigation. Details beyond that have not yet been released by police.
"I can say that up until [Jan. 21] this was considered a missing person case," Lexington police spokesperson Sherelle Roberts told The Huffington Post on Thursday. "At that time we developed the evidence, as well as probable cause, to transition [it] into a kidnapping [and] homicide case."
Of the missing body, Roberts said investigators still have hopes of recovering it.
Ballard was taken into custody on Jan. 20. They pleaded not guilty during their arraignment and is being held in the Fayette County Detention Center on a $253,000 bond. Little else is known about Ballard.
Authorities in Pharr, Texas, arrested Taylor near the Mexican border on Wednesday.  They are being held in the Hidalgo County Detention Center in Edinburg, pending their extradition.
Lex18.com reported Ballard previously served 17 years of a 25-year sentence for first-degree robbery in Alabama. They were reportedly paroled in 2009.
Steve O'Daniel, a private investigator hired by the Johnson family, said they are having difficulty coming to terms with the death of their loved one.
"The family is just trying to get a handle on this," they told Kykernel.com. "This has been devastating."
The True Story Behind Dead Ringers.
To enhance your reading experience I suggest you play this ominous track from the “Dead Ringers” movie soundtrack .
During the 80s, a thriller gem was released from the master of body and venereal horror David Cronenberg. Dead Ringers ranked 20th in Entertainment Weekly's list of “25 Scariest movies of all time” and it is no wonder that it managed to stay in the minds of everyone who had seen it back then (just ask older folks around you!).
The film follows identical twins and gynecologists, Elliot and Beverly, to their ‘conjoined' path towards addiction, obsession and, finally, self destruction. It was written by the director themselves in collaboration with Norman Snider and was based on the book “Twins” by Bari Wood and Jack Geasland . What many might not realize is that both the film and the book were inspired from a true story that happened some years ago and caught the attention of the press and media.
.
Spitting Image
Cyril and Stewart Marcus were born in June 2, 1930 with Stewart coming into the world first, only minutes apart from their “younger” brother. From day one they were inseparable, a pattern that continued growing stronger throughout their lives. They had the same friends, went to the same medical school, joined the same fraternity and even shared the same corpse in anatomy class!
Acme
The twins graduated from medical school in 1954 with honors and started marching their way to success. They were determined to be the first twin gynecologists that would achieve immortality by dedicating their lives on the field and become pioneers on infertility treatments. And so it happened. By the end of the 60s the brothers had a high profile reputation and a profitable Park Avenue practice. They saw their clientele growing not only in numbers but also in status. Wealthy Manhattan ladies would visit their office and had only good words to say about the OB-GYN duet that gradually gained international fame in the medical world.
Decadence
Their career that once was on its peak started hitting rock bottom when Cyril started experimenting with barbiturates. Their attitude changed radically. Rumors claimed that Cyril was acting extremely bizarre even in the operation room. They once tried to pull out the mask from a sedated patient in an attempt to inhale the drug themselves while another time they attacked a nurse by throwing a tray of instruments at them Their loyal brother Stewart stepped in and started treating many of Cyril's patients with one key detail : the patient was not informed of the substitution…
.
Rock Bottom (With a Smell of Decay)
Stewart did not stay sober for long. Shortly after their brother sank into the barbiturate world, they followed him. Addiction seemed stronger than both of them pushing them into a life without zest or hope and continuous medical malpractice. The conditions in their once luxurious apartment on 63rd street were now unsanitary. The neighbors started complaining and the authorities were notified. When the police arrived the spectacle was gruesome. The twins on their (final) attempt to detox had died from withdrawal side effects. Their decomposing bodies were discovered in one of the bedrooms surrounded by piles of trash, including countless empty drug vials, human waste and flies.
The Last Confusion
The twins' resemblance was so extraordinary that their name ‘toe' tags at the morgue were initially misplaced/switched! It almost felt that even after death, they were still playing games. Dental records helped in correctly identifying them. RIP.
.
With real world events that are this messed up, who needs horror movies to freak us out? It's like they always say, true stories don't have to be believable – they happened, it's messed up, and sometimes we just can't explain why the world ends up this way.
Comments
comments
