Fifty years ago this month, one of the most influential books of the 20th century was published by the University of Chicago Press. Many if not most lay people have probably never heard of its author, Thomas Kuhn, or of their book, The Structure of Scientific Revolutions, but their thinking has almost certainly been influenced by their ideas. The litmus test is whether you've ever heard or used the term "paradigm shift", which is probably the most used – and abused – term in contemporary discussions of organisational change and intellectual progress. A Google search for it returns more than 10 million hits, for example. And it currently turns up inside no fewer than 18,300 of the books marketed by Amazon. It is also one of the most cited academic books of all time. So if ever a big idea went viral, this is it.
The real measure of Kuhn's importance, however, lies not in the infectiousness of one of their concepts but in the fact that they singlehandedly changed the way we think about humankind's most organised attempt to understand the world. Before Kuhn, our view of science was dominated by philosophical ideas about how it ought to develop ("the scientific method"), together with a heroic narrative of scientific progress as "the addition of new truths to the stock of old truths, or the increasing approximation of theories to the truth, and in the odd case, the correction of past errors", as the Stanford Encyclopaedia of Philosophy puts it. Before Kuhn, in other words, we had what amounted to the Whig interpretation of scientific history, in which past researchers, theorists and experimenters had engaged in a long march, if not towards "truth", then at least towards greater and greater understanding of the natural world.
Kuhn's version of how science develops differed dramatically from the Whig version. Where the standard account saw steady, cumulative "progress", they saw discontinuities – a set of alternating "normal" and "revolutionary" phases in which communities of specialists in particular fields are plunged into periods of turmoil, uncertainty and angst. These revolutionary phases – for example the transition from Newtonian mechanics to quantum physics – correspond to great conceptual breakthroughs and lay the basis for a succeeding phase of business as usual. The fact that their version seems unremarkable now is, in a way, the greatest measure of their success. But in 1962 almost everything about it was controversial because of the challenge it posed to powerful, entrenched philosophical assumptions about how science did – and should – work.
What made it worse for philosophers of science was that Kuhn wasn't even a philosopher: they were a physicist, dammit. Born in 1922 in Cincinnati, they studied physics at Harvard, graduating summa cum laude in 1943, after which they were swept up by the war effort to work on radar. They returned to Harvard after the war to do a PhD – again in physics – which they obtained in 1949. They were then elected into the university's elite Society of Fellows and might have continued to work on quantum physics until the end of their days had they not been commissioned to teach a course on science for humanities students as part of the General Education in Science curriculum. This was the brainchild of Harvard's reforming president, James Conant, who believed that every educated person should know something about science.
The course was centred around historical case studies and teaching it forced Kuhn to study old scientific texts in detail for the first time. (Physicists, then as now, don't go in much for history.) Kuhn's encounter with the scientific work of Aristotle turned out to be a life- and career-changing epiphany.
"The question I hoped to answer," they recalled later, "was how much mechanics Aristotle had known, how much they had left for people such as Galileo and Newton to discover. Given that formulation, I rapidly discovered that Aristotle had known almost no mechanics at all… that conclusion was standard and it might in principle have been right. But I found it bothersome because, as I was reading him, Aristotle appeared not only ignorant of mechanics, but a dreadfully bad physical scientist as well. About motion, in particular, their writings seemed to me full of egregious errors, both of logic and of observation."
What Kuhn had run up against was the central weakness of the Whig interpretation of history. By the standards of present-day physics, Aristotle looks like an idiot. And yet we know they aren't. Kuhn's blinding insight came from the sudden realisation that if one is to understand Aristotelian science, one must know about the intellectual tradition within which Aristotle worked. One must understand, for example, that for them the term "motion" meant change in general – not just the change in position of a physical body, which is how we think of it. Or, to put it in more general terms, to understand scientific development one must understand the intellectual frameworks within which scientists work. That insight is the engine that drives Kuhn's great book.
Kuhn remained at Harvard until 1956 and, having failed to get tenure, moved to the University of California at Berkeley where they wrote Structure… and was promoted to a professorship in 1961. The following year, the book was published by the University of Chicago Press. Despite the 172 pages of the first edition, Kuhn – in their characteristic, old-world scholarly style – always referred to it as a mere "sketch". They would doubtless have preferred to have written an 800-page doorstop.
But in the event, the readability and relative brevity of the "sketch" was a key factor in its eventual success. Although the book was a slow starter, selling only 919 copies in 1962-3, by mid-1987 it had sold 650,000 copies and sales to date now stand at 1.4 million copies. For a cerebral work of this calibre, these are Harry Potter-scale numbers.
Kuhn's central claim is that a careful study of the history of science reveals that development in any scientific field happens via a series of phases. The first they christened "normal science" – business as usual, if you like. In this phase, a community of researchers who share a common intellectual framework – called a paradigm or a "disciplinary matrix" – engage in solving puzzles thrown up by discrepancies (anomalies) between what the paradigm predicts and what is revealed by observation or experiment. Most of the time, the anomalies are resolved either by incremental changes to the paradigm or by uncovering observational or experimental error. As philosopher Ian Hacking puts it in their terrific preface to the new edition of Structure: "Normal science does not aim at novelty but at clearing up the status quo. It tends to discover what it expects to discover."
The trouble is that over longer periods unresolved anomalies accumulate and eventually get to the point where some scientists begin to question the paradigm itself. At this point, the discipline enters a period of crisis characterised by, in Kuhn's words, "a proliferation of compelling articulations, the willingness to try anything, the expression of explicit discontent, the recourse to philosophy and to debate over fundamentals". In the end, the crisis is resolved by a revolutionary change in world-view in which the now-deficient paradigm is replaced by a newer one. This is the paradigm shift of modern parlance and after it has happened the scientific field returns to normal science, based on the new framework. And so it goes on.
This brutal summary of the revolutionary process does not do justice to the complexity and subtlety of Kuhn's thinking. To appreciate these, you have to read their book. But it does perhaps indicate why Structure… came as such a bombshell to the philosophers and historians who had pieced together the Whig interpretation of scientific progress.
As an illustration, take Kuhn's portrayal of "normal" science. The most influential philosopher of science in 1962 was Karl Popper, described by Hacking as "the most widely read, and to some extent believed, by practising scientists". Popper summed up the essence of "the" scientific method in the title of one of their books: Conjectures and Refutations. According to Popper, real scientists (as opposed to, say, psychoanalysts) were distinguished by the fact that they tried to refute rather than confirm their theories. And yet Kuhn's version suggested that the last thing normal scientists seek to do is to refute the theories embedded in their paradigm!
Many people were also enraged by Kuhn's description of most scientific activity as mere "puzzle-solving" – as if humankind's most earnest quest for knowledge was akin to doing the Times crossword. But in fact these critics were over-sensitive. A puzzle is something to which there is a solution. That doesn't mean that finding it is easy or that it will not require great ingenuity and sustained effort. The unconscionably expensive quest for the Higgs boson that has recently come to fruition at Cern, for example, is a prime example of puzzle-solving because the existence of the particle was predicted by the prevailing paradigm, the so-called "standard model" of particle physics.
But what really set the cat among the philosophical pigeons was one implication of Kuhn's account of the process of paradigm change. They argued that competing paradigms are "incommensurable": that is to say, there exists no objective way of assessing their relative merits. There's no way, for example, that one could make a checklist comparing the merits of Newtonian mechanics (which applies to snooker balls and planets but not to anything that goes on inside the atom) and quantum mechanics (which deals with what happens at the sub-atomic level). But if rival paradigms are really incommensurable, then doesn't that imply that scientific revolutions must be based – at least in part – on irrational grounds? In which case, are not the paradigm shifts that we celebrate as great intellectual breakthroughs merely the result of outbreaks of mob psychology?
Kuhn's book spawned a whole industry of commentary, interpretation and exegesis. Their emphasis on the importance of communities of scientists clustered round a shared paradigm essentially triggered the growth of a new academic discipline – the sociology of science – in which researchers began to examine scientific disciplines much as anthropologists studied exotic tribes, and in which science was regarded not as a sacred, untouchable product of the Enlightenment but as just another subculture.
As for their big idea – that of a "paradigm" as an intellectual framework that makes research possible –well, it quickly escaped into the wild and took on a life of its own. Hucksters, marketers and business school professors adopted it as a way of explaining the need for radical changes of world-view in their clients. And social scientists saw the adoption of a paradigm as a route to respectability and research funding, which in due course led to the emergence of pathological paradigms in fields such as economics, which came to esteem mastery of mathematics over an understanding of how banking actually works, with the consequences that we now have to endure.
The most intriguing idea, however, is to use Kuhn's thinking to interpret their own achievement. In their quiet way, they brought about a conceptual revolution by triggering a shift in our understanding of science from a Whiggish paradigm to a Kuhnian one, and much of what is now done in the history and philosophy of science might be regarded as "normal" science within the new paradigm. But already the anomalies are beginning to accumulate. Kuhn, like Popper, thought that science was mainly about theory, but an increasing amount of cutting-edge scientific research is data- rather than theory-driven. And while physics was undoubtedly the Queen of the Sciences when Structure… was being written, that role has now passed to molecular genetics and biotechnology. Does Kuhn's analysis hold good for these new areas of science? And if not, isn't it time for a paradigm shift?
In the meantime, if you're making a list of books to read before you die, Kuhn's masterwork is one.
Reposting to a version I'm actually happy with. Whoo.Anyway! Obviously based on this ST:TOS photo Jack = KirkStephen = McCoyKillick = SpockDiana = UhuraSophie = ChapelMowett = ChekovPullings = SuluBonden = ScottyI agonised over who Stephen would be: Spock or McCoy. In the end I made them McCoy because in the picture McCoy stands closer to Jim. *cough* That and really, I guess they have always been more of a bone than a Spock anyway.I have no excuse for Killick!Spock.You know, the more I think about the similarities between Jack and Kirk, the more I think O'Brian must have been a Trekkie. I've also come to realise that one of the reasons I may be so instantly drawn to Kirk is because they are essentially a frigate captain (*snerk* how appropriate of Tom Wareham to call frigate captains 'Star Captains'.)
EDMONTON—While countries around the world are trying to qualify for next summer's FIFA Women's World Cup in Canada, the host nation is leaving no stone unturned in its preparation.
Canada doesn't have to deal with a gruelling qualifying procedure, but its latest task is no less challenging—the Reds host Japan, the defending World Cup champions, in a pair of friendlies in Edmonton on Saturday and Vancouver next Tuesday.
Programming alert:
Watchfrom Edmonton on Oct. 25 live on all four main Sportsnet channels at 4:00 pm ET. On Oct. 28, watchfrom Vancouver live on Sportsnet ONE and Sportsnet World at 10:00 pm ET. || Sportsnet World NOW || TV schedule
This Japanese team, which has already qualified for the World Cup, is taking these matches seriously was well. More on that in a moment.
I've mentioned before how Canadian coach John Herdman takes an incredibly technical and almost scientific approach as they prepare for major projects. More evidence of that this week, even in the little things.
Instead of staying in their usual Edmonton downtown hotel, the Canadian team is farther removed from the city centre and Commonwealth Stadium because, well, because that's the way it will be next summer when the team sets up shop here for their first two matches of the group stage.
And when they start into a conversation about the “physical foundation phase, “neuro training” and dealing with “muscle imbalance,” then that's when I try and change the subject. But it shows the level of preparation in the Canadian camp.
Herdman says one of their goals is to make sure their team is the fittest in the tournament. In fact there is so much effort being placed on some of the things mentioned earlier in this blog that Herdman said the nuts and bolts of technical and tactical training really won't swing into high gear until later in the winter.
As for the visitors, both matches are being broadcast live in Japan. One broadcaster is doing the game here in Edmonton, and a different network will handle the one in Vancouver. They even have a travelling core group of media people attached to the team.
One interesting roster selection by Herdman for these matches is Allysha Chapman, a left sided player—something severely lacking on this team. Chapman played for Canada as a youth player up until around 2008 when they fell off the radar. Over the past three years they had been emailing the coach on a regular basis hoping to be given a chance to get back into the program.
Herdman kept telling them they had to be playing regularly at a decent level somewhere before that could happen. They were persistent in their messaging to the point where they finally did work their way in the first team in the Swedish league. Herdman says she's now earned the opportunity, and we could see them in action tomorrow.
The campaign by Democrats on the Federal Election Commission to r egulate the internet, from Twitter and Facebook to Drudge, is back after some liberal commissioners threw in the towel amid GOP opposition.
Seizing on an exit report card of the agency by ex-Commissioner Ann Ravel, the left is complaining that the internet isn't being regulated for political content and spending, but should be.
19/21 It means that it's easy to dodge the @FEC's ancient Internet rules. [MUR 6729 (CBEG), p.15] — altFEC (@alt_fec) March 20, 2017
Using the "altFEC" Twitter account, one of several "alt" sites set up by government workers in agencies resisting the new Trump administration, the proponents reference Ravel's critical report.
"It means that the @FEC's disclosure rules have not been updated for the era of YouTube, Facebook, or Twitter," it said, reiterating charges from Ravel and others that the FEC rules are outdated. They led the effort to change them and Republicans on the commission said that their goal was only to regulate right-leaning websites, like Drudge, and online campaigns of Republicans.
Thanks altFEC for spreading the word to people about this important agency which is not doing what the public has a right to expect it to do https://t.co/3vT7VIsh5j — Ann Ravel (@AnnMRavel) March 20, 2017
It was part of a tweetstorm that Ravel cheered in a tweet. "Thanks altFEC for spreading the word to people about this important agency which is not doing what the public has a right to expect it to do," they tweeted.
The tweets were noticed by critics of the FEC Democrats.
"altFEC is attacking the GOPers' original vote to apply the internet exemption to a conservative organization," said an insider, noting that Republicans pushed to keep regulations from internet sites in order to maintain its free-wheeling style.
The new push for regulation drew a laugh from a conservative FEC watcher: "It is ironic that the Democrats are using an anonymous Twitter account to attack the right of non-profit organizations to post content on the web for free without disclosing their donors."
Paul Bedard, the Washington Examiner's "Washington Secrets" columnist, can be contacted at pbedard@washingtonexaminer.com
In its future energy scenarios report network operator, the National Grid, said even its most optimistic scenario suggests the UK will miss the 15% energy consumption from renewable sources target by two years.
"While we believe the electricity sector can achieve its contribution to the 2020 renewable target, we believe the progress required in the heat and transport sector is beyond what can be achieved on time. As a result, none of our scenarios achieve the 15% level by the 2020 date. Our [most optimistic] Gone Green scenario is the earliest to reach this, meeting the target by 2022," the report said.
"The sector requiring most development is heating. To meet the 15% target, renewable heat needs to increase by around 60TWh from 2016 levels. Over the past four years there was an increase of less than 10TWh, therefore the pace of change needs to increase significantly," according to the National Grid.
Scottish Renewables chief executive Niall Stuart criticised the UK government for cutting support for onshore wind and solar before the 2020 target was met.
"The irony is that there are a huge number of renewable power projects, which could provide cheap and clean electricity before 2020 and make up the shortfall from heat and transport," they said.
"However, onshore wind and solar — the two cheapest forms of clean electricity generation — are unable to bid for long-term contracts for power, and other technologies cannot access support until 2021 at the earliest," Stuart said.
Dr Jenifer Baxter, head of energy and environment at the Institution of Mechanical Engineers, said: "This confirms that the recent cut in renewable energy subsidies, as well as the lack of clear policy to encourage low-carbon technologies, has led to a drop in investment in renewable energy.
The National Grid put forward the case for repowering onshore projects, as the earliest sites will begin to reach the end of their operational lives in the next decade.
"In the event that repowering is not a viable option and wind farms decommission after 25 years, between 2016 and 2030 only an estimated 1GW will come off the system. However, in the following decade, 7GW of capacity will be lost. This would increase the dependency on alternative new low-carbon projects to achieve the 2050 carbon reduction target," National Grid said.
"Repowering in this way exploits the benefits of the much larger capacity that current turbines have compared to those of the 1990s. This level of increased productivity can be expected to continue until the mid-2020s. At this point, due to a marked increase in the capacity of turbines deployed post-2000, the benefits are not expected to be quite as significant (assuming no major step change in onshore wind turbine capacity).
"Provided that two thirds or more of existing onshore wind farms repower, and at the same time increase their capacity by at least 50%, the current 8GW of onshore wind capacity currently on the system will still be available in 2040," National Grid's report read. The operator also said more modern projects might opt for partial repowering to extend the life of the projects.
The report is optimistic however about the growth of interconnectors in the UK, even its lowest "no progress" scenario predicts an increase of interconnected capacity from 4GW to 11GW by 2030, with a possible 23GW in its most optimistic picture.
A truck carrying a totem pole carved by the Lummi Nation stops outside Vancouver, British Columbia, Friday, Aug. 21, 2015, the totems first stop on a journey from Canada through the Pacific Northwest to Montana. Paul K. Anderson / AP
The tribes oppose a variety of coal-related projects including the Gateway Pacific Terminal in Cherry Point, Washington, the Port of Morrow terminal on the Columbia River in Washington and Oregon, and a proposed mine expansion at Otter Creek, Montana, that would serve those terminals.
“The Gateway Pacific Terminal is proposed to go on the site of a village that has been shown through archaeological evidence to be abutted 9,500 years old — it is the largest site of its kind in the state of Washington,” Russo said.
“It is also a location that is crucial for the fisheries industry in the state and in particular to the fishing lifestyle of the Lummi Indians,” Russo added.
In signing the Point Elliot Treaty of 1855 with the Lummi Nation, the U.S. government promised to protect their right to continue to fish, hunt and gather on their ancestral territory as they had for centuries.
“This was the U.S. government making a promise,” Russo said. “In the view of the tribe, the people that stand with the tribe, the interfaith communities, the environmental organizations — these are the promise keepers.”
A decision on whether or not to approve the Gateway Pacific Terminal at Cherry Point is in the hands of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Russo said, and they are expected to make a decision in the coming weeks.
“We are continuing to go through the permitting process looking at a number of things,” Patricia Graesser, a spokesperson with the Seattle district of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, told Al Jazeera.
The Corps had received information from the Lummi Nation regarding potential impacts to their traditional fishing practices, Graesser said, as well as a rebuttal by Pacific International Terminals — the company that proposed the Gateway Pacific Terminal. As the Corps continued to gather information from relevant parties, it was carrying out environmental impact studies, they added.
“There is really no deadline by which we need to make a decision,” Graesser said, adding that the project would also need local and state permits to move forward.
Pacific International Terminals did not respond to Al Jazeera's request for comment.
One of the next stops on the totem pole's journey is the Port of Morrow, which lies in the heartland of the Yakima Indians on the Columbia River — an important habitat for salmon, and integral to tribal fisheries, Russo said. Ambre Energy, the company that has proposed the coal export terminal at the Port of Morrow, did not reply to Al Jazeera's request for comment.
The Yakima tribe will bless the totem pole before it continues on its way to Montana, Russo said. As in its other stops, interfaith groups and environmentalists would also take part.
“People are standing up and saying enough is enough,” Russo said.
The majority of the coal serving the controversial terminals would come from the Powder River Basin in Montana, Russo said, where the proposed Otter Creek mine would be located.
Arch Coal, Inc., which proposed the Otter Creek mine, said it is currently in the permitting process and said it believed the region was and would continue to be a low-cost source for power generation, Logan Bonacorsi, spokesperson for Arch Coal, Inc., told Al Jazeera in an emailed statement.
“Arch takes its responsibility to environmental flight attendantship seriously — evidenced by our track record in the Southern Powder River Basin as well as in the other basins in which we operate. It can be expected that the Otter Creek reserves will be developed in the same responsible manner as all of our operations,” Bonacorsi said.
But for the coalition of Northwest tribes, the Otter Creek mine's approval would mean more coal moving on ships throughout their territories' waters — a risk they oppose not only for their sakes but that of future generations.
"The ancestors expect it, the unborn demand it," was what one totem pole ceremony participant vowed, according to Russo.
And while industry argues that the projects will bring in revenue and jobs, the Lummi Nation has argued that the salmon industry itself brings in millions of dollars and creates thousands of jobs.
Any accident in waters that serve as salmon habitat would be “devastating,” Russo said.
“I have almost no doubt that these coal ports would be the end of viable salmon fisheries,” Russo said.
The proposed terminal at Cherry Point would see 407 ships — each 1,000 feet long, carrying millions of tons of coal — traverse the waters of the Puget Sound and the Pacific Ocean in often foggy or stormy weather up to the Bering Sea and down to Asia, Russo said.
In addition to the risk to salmon fisheries, the expansion of coal exports would exacerbate climate change, the Lummi Nation maintains. Echoing their concerns, Edelman, the public relations firm representing the Gateway Pacific Project reportedly dropped the client due to its potential contribution to climate change.
“At the end of the day, the right people will do the right thing,” Russo said. "It's the moment of truth."
Buy Photo Southport players and fans celebrate after the Southport boys' basketball team's 88-80 victory over Evansville Reitz at Southport High School, Saturday, Feb. 28, 2015. (Photo: Alex Farris / For The Star)Buy Photo
Joey Brunk grew up hearing stories from their father of showdown games at Southport Fieldhouse in front of sellout crowds.
"I wanted something like that," Brunk said.
On Saturday afternoon, Brunk got it. The historic fieldhouse, the site of so many big games since 1958, was the beautiful backdrop in one of the most anticipated regular season high school basketball games in recent memory.
When it was over, Class 4A third-ranked Southport could celebrate an 88-80 win over No. 1 and previously-unbeaten Evansville Reitz. But with the finality of the sectional tournament at hand this week, Saturday afternoon felt more like a celebration of two wonderful high school basketball teams and the state's passion for the game.
"Unbelievable," Southport coach Kyle Simpson said of the atmosphere. "People can say what they want but I think Hoosier Hysteria is still alive and well."
A big reason for the allure of Saturday's game was the curiosity factor. Reitz came in averaging a state-leading 94.1 points a game and carried with it a 23-0 record. No team had come within 14 points of Reitz, which had scored 105 points or more in four its last six games.
The question: How would the Panthers' pressing, uptempo style work against a strong, physical and athletic Southport team that had played a much tougher overall schedule?
"That's why I think playing this game was good," Reitz coach Michael Adams said. "It was good for Indiana high school basketball."
After it was postponed last Saturday due to snow, Reitz didn't have to reschedule. The Panthers played Friday night and have a sectional game on Tuesday against Evansville North. But Adams said the players, after so many blowout wins, wanted a shot at the Cardinals.
"I got all of this rhetoric about why we'd want to play," Adams said. "These kids wanted to do this."
It lived up to the hype.
Southport (22-2) trailed 35-32 at halftime, but fed the 6-10 Brunk repeatedly in the third quarter. Brunk responded with 14 points in the third as Southport built a six-point lead.
"I told our guys we have to be patient," Simpson said. "Joey stepped up and hit some shots. They got more assertive and got physical."
It was far from over. Southport rode Malik Bennett in the fourth quarter as the senior guard scored 19 of their game-high 30 points in the quarter. The Cardinals were seemingly in control, up 77-68. But sophomore Paul Scruggs – one of Southport's primary ballhandlers and offensive weapons – fouled out on a charge call with 2:55 left.
With Scruggs out of the game, Southport struggled with the Reitz press. The Panthers reeled off a 7-0 run in a blink, pulling to 77-75 on a layup by junior Dru Smith with 1:44 left. After an Eli Walton dunk, Reitz leading scorer Jaelan Sanford made their only field goal to answer.
Reitz then took its first lead since early in the third quarter when Smith, following a steal, made a free throw and followed a free throw miss with a putback. All of a sudden, Reitz led 80-79 with 1:12 to play.
NEWSLETTERS Get the IndyStar Motor Sports newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong The latest news in IndyCar and the world of motor sports. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-888-357-7827. Delivery: Sun - Fri Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for IndyStar Motor Sports Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
"We finally made that run," Adams said.
It didn't hold. Bennett was fouled and made two free throws with 1:02 left to make it 81-80 Southport. Reitz missed a 3 and Bennett made one of two free throws with 41.9 seconds left. Walton forced a turnover and Bennett made two more free throws with 33.9 seconds remaining.
Southport was officially in the clear when Brunk knocked down two free throws with 12.4 seconds left to make it 86-80.
Brunk, playing in front of Indiana coach Tom Crean, finished with 24 points and 15 rebounds. Scruggs, who also has an offer from Indiana, added 17 points, eight rebounds and five assists.
Southport shot 60 percent from the field (33-for-55) and outrebounded the smaller Panthers by 17. Reitz was 10-for-24 from the 3-point line.
"Some of the things we normally do, we just didn't do today," Adams said. "(Southport) had a lot to do with that, but we just didn't make plays we normally make. It was frustrating not to shoot it well from the free-throw line (12-for-21) and obviously Jaelan was in a funk. We just couldn't get it going. Too many mental mistakes. But we'll learn from it and now it's time to start that second season."
Southport will play Friday in Sectional 11 at Perry Meridian, likely against a Ben Davis team it defeated by three points early in the season. A potential matchup with Pike, which handed Southport one of its two losses, could await in the sectional championship.
There are bigger goals out there for Southport, which hasn't won a sectional since 2000. Simpson acknowledged as much after the game, brushing any proclamations about what Saturday's win means in the grand scheme moving into next week.
But Simpson, who grew up in Milan and coached under J.R. Holmes at Bloomington South, could appreciate Saturday's environment and the quality of the game on the court.
"I was a part of some special teams and I wanted our guys to have a moment where it's, 'We're here and we're going to be here for a while,'" Simpson said. "I'm glad our guys responded. It was great game. Tip your hat off to Reitz."
On November 4, Mark Wetjen wrote an oped in the Wall Street Journal asking regulators to steer clear of harming Bitcoin. Wetjen is a commissioner on the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) and a Democrat.
As reportedin The Hill, they said the goal should be to "lay the groundwork for future innovation" and to "build confidence in consumers currently leery of embracing the new technology." Events such as Mt. Gox, Silk Road, and today's seizure of Silk Road 2, along with the shutdown of other dark markets, “shake the public's confidence in Bitcoin.”
Other regulators have spoken about their own lack of confidence and have advocated a complete ban of Bitcoin. Earlier this year, CT reported that Senator Joe Manchin (D-W.Va.) wrote a letter addressed to Wetjen and other financial regulators, determined to wipe the currency from use in the United States because, they said, it poses “a massive threat” and is “disruptive” to the U.S. economy.
Charles Schumer (D-NY), who called for the shutdown of the original Silk Road two years before it happened, sent out a press release just last week asking for a greater targeting of illegal sales on the dark web. Is it a coincidence that today, they got exactly that?
Regulatory framework should be "flexible and rational," Wetjen said on Tuesday. They stated their desire for "serious [Bitcoin] innovators to choose to work within the US rather than avoid it.” They advised that “creating a flexible and rational regulatory framework is the best way for regulators to respond” to illegal incidents.
In other words, prevention in the form of Bitcoin-supportive regulation might provide better support to the overall U.S. economy, rather than reaction, like we've seen more of today.
Did you enjoy this article? You may also be interested in reading these:
On the CityLab blog, Richard Florida posted a piece pointing out that gentrification has virtually no effects on homeowners. I can buy that result, especially since I wrote a policy piece for a think tank back in the summer of 2016 on the issue. The important point that Florida underlines (by citing a paper by Martin and Beck in Urban Affairs Review) is that homeowners are not being displaced, but renters are more likely to be. This will probably fuel some people who are concerned about inequality. I disagree.
I want to point out that my interest in the issue is entirely related to the issue of inequality which some individuals have tried to tie to gentrification (sometimes without understanding that causality can run both ways). If you want to tie the two issues together, then you must realize that there are four “types” of gentrification. First of all, gentrification always appear in an area that is poor and it is always a result of a shift in demand for land in that area. However, that area can be largely unoccupied or heavily inhabited. It can also be in a district where zoning is lax or burdensome. In each of these situations, you will be different effects with different interpretations for inequality.
Scenario 1 (largely vacant, lax zoning laws): in this situation, demand shifts right but there is slack in the local housing market and in any case, supply can adjust easily. In that case, the effects on rents will be minimal and will probably be smaller than the economic gains in terms of local economic activity. In this situation, there is little displacement and there is in fact a reduction in inequality.
Scenario 2 (largely vacant, heavy zoning laws): same happens, except that the restrictions on construction and building conversions put a ceiling on the capacity of a local area to adapt. The effect on rents is ambiguous and depends largely on the relative quantity changes (how many people relative to empty units). There are probably small to moderate gains in the area. There are ambiguous effects on inequality.
Scenario 3 (heavily occupied, lax zoning laws): in this situation, the influx of individuals creates a temporary surge in rents. This is because, in the short-term, housing supply is inelastic. In the long-run, the supply is more elastic and new units can be added to counterbalance the price effects. So, there is a long-term benefit that comes after a small bump. More individuals will be displaced than in scenario 1. Overall, a reduction in inequality might occur.
Scenario 4 (heavily occupied, heavy zoning laws): in this situation, the influx happens in a market where the supply is highly inelastic (short and long-run). In that case, the shift in demand creates a substantial increase in rents. This is where gentrification can hurt and be tied to inequality.
These four scenarios are important because they show something important that some people have to understand. Gentrification can increase inequality. However, that depends on the context and the institutions (zoning) surrounding the area in which it happens. In all cases, gentrification is a normal process that can't really be stopped but turns sour because of zoning laws. Thus, if you really want to tie gentrification to inequality, it should twice be removed since the first parents are zoning laws and construction limits.
Much has been made about the resurgence of the Baltimore Ravens offense, particularly the offensive line.
The 2013 season may go down as the worst collective performance by a Ravens offensive line in team history, but 2014 couldn't be any more different.
Baltimore's rejuvenated offense (the team is tied for fifth in the NFL with 27.3 points per game), can largely be credited to consistent blocking up front, a strong run game (fourth in the league in rushing yards with 797) and quality play from quarterback Joe Flacco.
But what is one of the constants that makes both the run game and pass game work so well for the Ravens?
That would be a certain second-year fullback named Kyle Juszczyk, whose combination of blocking ability and value as a receiver has made them an unsung hero for Gary Kubiak's offense. He's been referred to by one team source as the Ravens' Swiss Army knife.
The arrival of Kubiak made the outlook positive for Juszczyk, whose receiving ability resembles former Kubiak counterpart in Houston, fullback/tight end James Casey.
Now six games into Juszczyk's first season as an NFL starter, it has become apparent that he's the perfect fit for the offense, as many thought.
Their initial value to the Ravens was as a fullback/tight end hybrid due to their receiving ability.
But it turns out Juszczyk offers much more than just some pass-catching prowess.
Take the start of Sunday's win over the Tampa Bay Buccaneers for example.
On the first play of the game, Juszczyk's receiving ability and physical play (one of their best traits) were both on display.
Running a play action pass play, Juszczyk first needs to lay down a block on a linebacker to sell the play fake.
Juszczyk's block attempt sells the play fake well, and on the block, they successfully take out the Bucs defender (and himself) as both fall to the ground.
Notice how Flacco is already readying to throw while Juszczyk is falling to the ground after their block.
You'd think this would take them out of the play as a receiving option, right?
Think again.
Juszczyk gets back on their feet, creates more than enough separation from the linebacker and becomes wide open in the flat for an easy reception.
Throw in a little drop of the shoulder at the end of the play for good measure and the result is a gain of 18 yards.
Here's what we understood about Juszczyk as an unproven player entering the 2014 season: reliable receiver, ideal safety valve in the flat and physical with the ball in their hands.
The lesser known was their blocking ability, mainly because they aren't quite a traditional fullback at Harvard and they hadn't proved themselves yet against NFL defenses.
It's safe to say that by now, there should be few questions about Juszczyk's blocking ability.
Take the very next play after their reception above for proof.
On a run play to the right side, running back Justin Forsett follows Juszczyk's lead as the fullback is the last one to take on an unblocked Bucs defender (most of the offensive line is doing a fine job).
A missed block attempt on Juszczyk's part would ruin a perfectly developing rush attempt for Forsett.
Juszczyk successfully wipes out the linebacker, which gives Forsett plenty of run lane options.
Forsett is patient enough to wait for Juszczyk's run lane to open up, as the fullback completely takes out the linebacker by sending them to the ground with a violent block.
This allows Forsett to slip past Juszczyk and into an open lane on the right.
The end result? A 52-yard gain for Forsett.
To go from catching a pass for 18 yards to supplying a play-changing block on consecutive plays goes to show just how versatile and valuable Juszczyk is.
Their blocking is just as important as any of the offensive linemen when it comes to running the football, and the consistent blocking that Juszczyk has displayed this season has been a key factor in the revival of Baltimore's rush attack.
He's not just a head-on, physical blocker in confined spaces, either. Juszczyk is athletic enough to come across a run play and make a backside block to allow the running back to cut back across the offensive line.
This was evident in Week 4 against the Carolina Panthers.
On a run originally designed to go right, Juszczyk must reach the second level in timely fashion to take out linebacker Luke Kuechly, who's already in pursuit.
As the running back, Forsett, begins to cut back across the play, Juszczyk has engaged with Kuechly and begun their block.
Juszczyk doesn't have the angle on Kuechly to get fully in front of him, but they position themselves well enough as Forsett follows Juszczyk's block.
Juszczyk sticks with the block long enough to allow Forsett to successfully execute their cut back and run past Kuechly unscathed.
While Juszczyk only has six games of NFL experience on offense to their name, it's hard not to see the potential of a complete fullback.
Considered a dying breed in the league nowadays, many “fullbacks” are receivers first and blockers second. That's if the offense even uses a fullback regularly. Not all teams do.
But Juszczyk is one of the few exceptions to the trend. When drafted by the Ravens, it was their receiving ability that was the initial draw.
Now, though, he's already proving themselves as a difference maker as a lead blocker. Juszczyk's athleticism and violent playing style should bode well for them as they continue to gain experience on offense.
The Ravens have had recent success when it comes to sending fullbacks to the Pro Bowl (Le'Ron McClain and Vonta Leach).
Could Juszczyk follow a similar path?
The Indianapolis Colts acquired running back Trent Richardson from the Cleveland Browns last season, but were very disappointed with the production that they received from him. Some believe that coming over midway through the season and not having the time to get used to the system, but others point to their struggles with Cleveland in their rookie season. They have never been a big play type of running back, and has struggled with yards per carry throughout their entire NFL career.
So the question becomes, is there any chance that Richardson can turn things around this season? It certainly helps that they have had a full offseason of work with the team, and they are very confident that they will have a comeback year. They have had the ability to learn the system and figure out their teammates, and is simply too talented to continue struggling like they did last season.
Richardson played in 14 regular season games last year with the Colts, picking up 458 yards on 157 attempts and scoring three touchdowns. They recorded just a 2.9 yards per carry average, and that stat will have to improve this year for them to remain their starting running back. There is plenty of competition at the running back position for Richardson this year, with both Ahmad Bradshaw and Vick Ballard coming back from injuries.
One area of Richardson's game that they did prove last year, was their ability to catch passes out of the backfield. Down the stretch of the season, the Colts started using them much more out of the backfield and found great success with him.  They are able to get into the open field and make defenders miss, and also breaks a good amount of tackles when they get into the secondary.
Overall, there are a lot of reasons to stay optimistic about Richardson this season. They have had the necessary time to learn the system and they have made it clear that they will bounce back. The Colts' front office is still confident in their ability, and it will be very interesting to watch and see what happens this season.
Evan Massey is a Lead Editor for InkonIndy.com. Follow Evan on Twitter at @Massey_Evan.
WASHINGTON — In their first visit to the Capitol since their shocking election loss, Hillary Clinton on Thursday called on Congress to address the “epidemic” of fake news that they said was a danger to the nation.
Clinton was speaking at a ceremony to honor retiring Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid when they diverted from their compliments to address “one threat in particular that should concern all Americans.”
They called on Congress to stop the “epidemic of malicious fake news and false propaganda that flooded social media over the past year.”
One such fake news story had Clinton running a child sex abuse ring out of a pizzeria in Washington, Comet Ping Pong. On Sunday, a 28-year-old North Carolina man, Edgar Welch, traveled to the pizzeria with an AR-15 rifle to “investigate” and fired off their weapon.
No one was injured.
“It's now clear that so-called fake news can have real-world consequences,” Clinton said, though not mentioning that particular incident.
“This isn't about politics or partisanship,” they said. “Lives are at risk. Lives of ordinary people just trying to go about their days to do their jobs, contribute to their communities.”
see also Gunman opens fire in pizzeria over fake news story WASHINGTON — A man who said they were investigating a...
Social media sites like Facebook are now looking into labeling fake news stories as hoaxes.
False stories were peddled throughout the election through the help a Russian propaganda campaign aimed at hurting Clinton, the Washington Post reported.
“It's a danger that must be addressed and addressed quickly,” Clinton continued.
“Bipartisan legislation is making its way through Congress to boost the government's response to foreign propaganda and Silicon Valley is starting to grapple with the challenge and threat of fake news.”
At the start of the speech — their second public event since their defeat — Clinton quipped about the upcoming inauguration.
“This is not exactly the speech at the Capitol I'd hoped to be giving after the election, but after a few weeks of taking selfies in the woods, I thought it would be a good idea to come out.”
DLP Mobile
Adding that the app was pulled from the Android Market.
If you own an Android phone and are cheating on a significant other by arranging secret trysts through text messages, you might want to think twice about your infidelities — or at least about arranging them via texts.
A new Android application released Wednesday, Secret SMS Replicator, when secretly installed on a cellphone, will forward all text messages to any other phone without the owner's knowledge.
Zak Tanjeloff, chief executive of the app's creator, DLP Mobile, said in a news release: “This app is certainly controversial, but can be helpful to people in relationships where this type of monitoring can be useful.”
DLP Mobile also boasts about the clandestine nature of the application: “The app is unique because there is no visible icon or shortcut to access it, so once it's installed, it will continue to monitor without revealing itself.”
DLP Mobile is behind the Mirror App for the iPhone 4 and says it creates about 100 applications a year for the iPhone and Android.
Mr. Tanjeloff said in a phone interview that their company had decided to build the SMS application for the Android platform because it would not need to be reviewed before it reached users.
“We can't build it for the iPhone because it wouldn't make it past the App Store approval process,” Mr. Tanjeloff said.
Some might argue that this app makes the approval process look like a good idea.
For those who want to avoid having their text messages tapped, Mr. Tanjeloff suggested “keeping your phone close by, or make sure people trust you.”
Update: While you don't need anyone's approval to get into the Android Market, the dominant store for Android apps, you do need to follow the rules, and apparently Secret SMS Replicator does not do that. A Google spokesperson said via e-mail that the application had been suspended effective Wednesday evening because it “violates the Android Market Content Policy.”
You don't need a Y chromosome to know Mike Rawlings is a man's man. Before they became mayor of Dallas in 2011, they were the top executive at Pizza Hut and, before that, an athlete. They have a full of head of gray hair and a voice like Jeff Daniels. When they talk, they rely heavily on sports metaphors. None of this should make their anti-domestic-violence activism surprising, but it might make them the movement's most refreshing new spokesperson.
Last month, Rawlings firmly requested the presence of 10,000 Dallas men — Boy Scouts welcome, too — at City Hall on March 23, to show their solidarity for their just-announced Men Against Abuse campaign. “I decided to call out the men of Dallas,” Rawlings told the Cut. “I said, this is not a women's issue, this is a men's issue. Eighty-five, 90 percent of domestic violence is men on women.”
When we met in New York, Rawlings was drinking orange juice at the Plaza Hotel, where they stayed while in town for the United Nation's Council on the Status of Women. They were the keynote speaker at an International Women's Day event put on by celebrity-studded anti-abuse campaign Ring the Bell, which reached out after it got wind of their Dallas rally. It was their first time attending the conference.
“I'm Johnny-come-lately to this issue,” Rawlings said, adding that they probably wouldn't be in New York if not for their “puppeteers” at two prominent Dallas shelters, the Family Place and Genesis Women's Shelter. “I said, ‘I've got other things I need to do,' and they said, ‘You need to make this speech, we've got momentum going.'”
Since then, Rawlings has enlisted former Dallas Cowboys Emmitt Smith, Troy Aikman, and Roger Staubach in the campaign and honed their critique of men's complacency in the so-called “culture of violence.” “We all laugh at the jokes in locker rooms; we wear ‘wife-beaters' and we listen to the music. It's just part of our culture and it snuck up on us,” they said. “Men, it is time for us to say no mas.”
The Cut had Rawlings talk us through their sudden-onset activism.
How did domestic violence become an important issue to you?
It started at the end of last year, after Newtown. The tragedy started with a son killing their mother — a terrible act of domestic violence. I think we were all devastated by that. At the same time, my mother was going through cancer and they died in the first part of December. They were my rock, North Star, any analogy you want. I think I was just a little raw. This whole issue of violence was getting at me, knowing that the first job of a mayor is to keep people safe.
I heard one morning of a lady who was shot by their estranged husband, in the back, twice, rolled over, and shot in one eye and shot in the other eye. It happened at the same parking lot where my mother went to get cancer treatments. The victim was an assistant of a doctor over there. I said, “How brutal.” I started looking into and I realized that while our crime rate has been going down for nine years in a row, we had 13,000 cases of domestic violence in 2012. Homicides caused by domestic violence increased from 11 in 2011 to 26. I just said, “This is crazy. The world is somehow coming apart, with this culture of violence.”
Often politicians use domestic violence statistics in the opposite way. They say, “Oh, it looks like rape has gone up but, don't worry, those were people who knew each other.” As if those crimes counted less.
That's the worst kind! I'm reading a book about this. Do you know what domestic abusers are? What they are is in their own house, terrorizing the other person. These are terrorists. That is their whole mentality. If I can terrorize you enough, I can control you. We think of terrorism as a political action, when the lion's share of terrorism is with intimate partners.
What did you make of the congressional scuffle over the Violence Against Women Act?
I'm a big supporter of it and there's no question that it's the right thing to do. It's been a bipartisan thing for forever and suddenly it gets politicized. I'm trying to focus on the cultural aspect of domestic violence. There's plenty of people arguing about the legal aspect. I'm more concerned about us as men and what we can do at the school level and with our next-door neighbors.
Too often leaders focus on issues that divide versus issues that we can agree on. Across the board, forgetting your political aspirations, people go, “Yes, we have lost our way here. We need to reset this.” I've got Republican legislators in Austin trying to pass legislation that would strengthen domestic violence laws.
What role does gun control play in combating domestic violence?
Gun control is a huge part of this discussion of the culture of violence. There's no question, it can facilitate it. I had a working associate whose brother was involved in a murder-suicide with a gun that was just heartbreaking. But by focusing on guns, you let people off the hook. Right after that woman was shot — the next day — a man stabbed their wife in front of their kids. And then another one strangled their wife. So it's not just by guns. I've come out supporting the president's initiatives, but that's less important to me on this issue than the cultural aspects.
What do you mean when you say “culture of violence” or that you're focused on the “cultural aspects” of domestic violence?
I am not a pop-culture specialist, but I've got no time for this chest-bumping attitude that males have these days. I just think it's so out of date. It's like basketball players wearing really short shorts. You see those old things and say, “Those look weird.”
Domestic abuse is a much more serious issue than littering, but when I was growing up, if you had an empty Coke can, you just threw it out the window. There was a movement in the late sixties and seventies that was like, “That's just bad.” Now you couldn't even believe someone would do that. There's a huge stigma now. That stigma can be placed, I think, on this issue, but it takes a little while and it takes these conversations.
We're doing a PSA campaign with all these athletes about “what it takes to be a man.” I just got the rough cut of mine. We also did newspaper ads that said “Blank Around Town,” “The Family Blank.” We use this term all the time, “man,” but you don't get to qualify if you hit somebody. You don't make the traveling squad.
I'm asking men to promise four or five things. One, never to hit a woman, okay? Basic stuff. Second, speak out against hitting women. Three, if you ever see a woman that's in that situation, stick your nose in the middle of it. Do not look the other way and say, “That's a private matter.” Fourth, teach your daughter that once is too many times. If you ever get hit, you get the hell out. Fifth, teach your sons that that's unacceptable. That's what my mother taught me.
You make it sound common sense. Any ideas, then, as to why domestic violence persists?
I was just kind of mad and suddenly people, at least in Dallas, were saying “Oh my God, thank God, he's taking this point of view.” It's like, really? This one's easy. In basketball parlance, this is a layup. All you have to do is stand there, throw it against the backboard, and it goes in. It's real simple: Do not hit a woman.
I think a little bit of it is that this has always been couched as a women's issue. So when you say it's a women's issue, guess what, as a man, I think, “I don't have to care about this.” It's like, okay, good luck on that issue. But when you say it's a men's issue, then it happens. We have not dealt with this issue culturally, we have not stuck our nose in others' business. We're afraid of shame. Shame is a dirty word. We need to shame people for the really bad things, and this is one of them.
As you learn more about the issue, have you run into any unforeseen challenges?
We have a strong faith-based community in Dallas. The very interesting nuance I discovered is that I'm not sure our clergy are well-schooled in this. We all want the strong family, especially if you're in the clergy. The two of you come to me, and they say “my husband's hit me.” You've got to figure out how to bring this family together, that's your mission. I'm not throwing stones at any specific situations but I do think there is a dialogue that needs to take place in the faith-based community about this.
What do you hope to get out of participating in the U.N.'s International Women's Day?
I'm looking forward to meeting Don McPherson. They were a very famous, All-American quarterback for Syracuse, which is near where I went to high school. They took this issue on about ten years ago.
I'm also interested to see how we deal with this as an international and a national issue. We are fascinated when this happens in India or Afghanistan or Sub-Saharan Africa — the cruelty that happens to women. Putting the mirror back on us is a fascinating discussion. Because I think we shouldn't be … what's the Bible verse? Don't talk about the speck in someone else's eye when you have a plank in your own? We say, “Oh look at how they treat women over there.” Meanwhile, we're killing women right and left. The key word in that is we. People don't take accountability. They say, “Oh, he's crazy” or “Well, they don't have any money.” By the way, domestic abuse occurs across all demographics.
By Gwyn Morgan
President Donald Trump has said Canada's energy exports are unfair to the U.S.  They are clearly oblivious that we've given Americans the biggest trade gift ever to flow from one country to another because of our own, self-inflicted inability to access offshore markets with Canadian oil.
After almost a decade and more than $1 billion spent on planning and regulatory filings, five major oil-export pipelines remain unbuilt, leaving us with no choice but to sell our oil to U.S. buyers at below world prices. Depending on the world price and other factors, the resulting captive-market discount has been as much as US$10 per barrel on the 3.8-million barrels per day exported to the U.S. That amounts to a US$38-million daily gift to Americans, who then export their own oil at the full international market price.
But how can one criticize Trump for their lack of awareness of this expensive giveaway when our federal government, along with the governments of every province except Alberta and Saskatchewan, have no comprehension of these facts?
Meanwhile, interminable regulatory delays have stymied more than $100 billion of proposed LNG export projects aimed at Asian markets, and discounted Canadian natural gas finds it way to newly constructed LNG export facilities in Louisiana and Texas to be exported at the full international price.
And it gets worse. While the Trump administration streamlines regulatory approvals for the construction of American oil pipelines and LNG export facilities, Canada has done the opposite. This has led Canadian oil and gas producers, including my former company Encana, to move tens of billons of investment dollars and many jobs south of the border. And Enbridge's recent $37-billion acquisition of Houston-based Spectra Energy demonstrates that Canadian pipeline companies are also looking to the U.S. for regulatory-friendly growth.
Canada has become one of the world's most successful democracies because of our sound, constitutionally based laws governing political, legal and regulatory matters. The National Energy Board, which administers petroleum industry laws and regulations, is internationally respected for its technical expertise, unbiased fairness and professionalism.
During the three decades my team and I spent building EnCana into what became the largest Canadian-based energy company, we invested tens of billons of dollars, creating tens of thousands of high-quality jobs for employees, contractors and suppliers across the country. We paid billions of dollars in government royalties and income tax. Our success helped thousands of shareholders build their futures.
This is but one company's human and economic impact. There are scores of others, large and small who made the oil and gas industry a Canadian economic cornerstone. None of this could have happened without confidence in our country's laws and regulations, and the governments responsible for enforcing them.
If EnCana wished to build a pipeline or a processing plant, we worked with affected communities to minimize negative impacts and paid fair compensation where appropriate. We applied to regulatory authorities who gave our project careful technical and environmental examination. The hearing process included consideration of the views of those directly impacted and was conducted with an awareness of the economic cost of unnecessary delay.
As I prepared to retire in 2006, the term “social licence” began to enter the regulatory lexicon. It eventually came to mean that almost any person or group could claim a voice about a project with a legitimacy equal to that of the people directly impacted by the project. And it marked the beginning of the end of timely, cost-aware regulatory processes. As the social-licence snowball gained momentum, it accumulated anti-fossil-fuel zealots, multi-national environmental groups, Aboriginal bands claiming control over huge tracts of “traditional lands,” and scores of others opposing projects for whatever reason.
The result has transformed regulatory proceedings that would have previously taken weeks into multi-year events with skyrocketing costs that either delay or kill the project.
Enbridge's Northern Gateway oil-export pipeline is a lamentable example. The original application was filed in 2010. After four years and half a billion dollars of expenditures, the project gained conditional federal approval from the Harper government in 2014. This was followed a year later by the Trudeau government's moratorium on oil tankers on B.C.'s northern coast which, if fully implemented, would stymie the project. Then in November 2016, Prime Minister Trudeau announced a reversal of the federal government's approval, stating that “the Great Bear Rainforest is no place for an oil pipeline,” even though that “Great Bear Rainforest” designation didn't even exist during the regulatory process.
Besides this political betrayal of Canada's regulatory laws, the oil industry's hopes for international market access have seen TransCanada's Keystone XL project rejected by President Obama, also for purely political reasons. And its proposed Energy East Pipeline faces opposition from municipal and provincial governments, plus aboriginal groups in Ontario and Quebec, while both provinces continue to hold their hands out for equalization grants funded by the oil revenues they oppose.
That leaves Kinder Morgan's Trans Mountain project, which miraculously made it through the whole social-licence gauntlet to gain full approval in late 2016. Yet, the recent B.C. election has delivered an NDP/Green party coalition vowing to use “every tool in the toolbox” to stop Trans Mountain.
The constitution of Canada gives the federal government the unequivocal right to approve the project, but it will require unwavering determination on the part of Trudeau and their cabinet to enforce that right. This is the final chance to end the ruinous giveaway of billions of dollars to the Americans while giving the beleaguered oil industry and its millions of employees their first glimmer of hope. And if this project fails, why would anyone invest in our oil and gas industry again?
Whether they like the project or not, Canadians had better hope that Kinder Morgan is able to complete its pipeline. Any other outcome would be a failure of our democracy to enforce the constitutional rule of law that we all depend upon for our fundamental freedoms and justice.
Gwyn Morgan is the retired founding CEO of EnCana Corp. They have been a director of five global corporations.
However, in the spirit of my genealogical approach to philosophical issues, I believe that an important question to be asked is: What's the big deal with consistency in the first place? What does it do for us? Why do we want consistency so badly to start with? When and why did we start thinking that consistency was a good norm to be had for rational discourse? And this of course takes me back to the Greeks, and in particular the Greeks before Aristotle.
Since the advent of dialetheism , and in particular under the powerful assaults of karateka Graham Priest, PNC has been under pressure. Priest is right to point out that there are very few arguments in favor of the principle of non-contradiction in the history of philosophy, and many of them are in fact rather unconvincing. According to him, this holds in particular of Aristotle's elenctic argument in Metaphysics gamma. (I agree with them that the argument there does not go through, but we disagree on its exact structure. At any rate, it is worth noticing that, unlike David Lewis, Aristotle did think it was possible to debate with the opponent of PNC about PNC itself.) But despite the best efforts of, the principle of non-contradiction and consistency are still widely viewed as cornerstones of the very concept of rationality.
It is no news to anyone that the concept of consistency is a hotly debated topic in philosophy of logic and epistemology (as well as elsewhere). Indeed, a number of philosophers throughout history have defended the view that consistency, in particular in the form of the principle of non-contradiction (PNC), is the most fundamental principle governing human rationality – so much so that rational debate about PNC itself wouldn't even be possible, as famously stated by David Lewis . It is also the presumed privileged status of consistency that seems to motivate the philosophical obsession with paradoxes across time; to be caught entertaining inconsistent beliefs/concepts is really bad, so blocking the emergence of paradoxes is top-priority. Moreover, in classical as well as other logical systems, inconsistency entails triviality, and that of course amounts to complete disaster.
You have accused me in the indictment we have heard of two most contradictory things, wisdom and madness, things which cannot exist in the same man. When you claim that I am artful and clever and resourceful, you are accusing me of wisdom, while when you claim that I betrayed Greece, you accused me of madness. For it is madness to attempt actions which are impossible, disadvantageous and disgraceful, the results of which would be such as to harm one's friends, benefit one's enemies and render one's own life contemptible and precarious. And yet how can one have confidence in a man who in the course of the same speech to the same audience makes the most contradictory assertions about the same subjects? (Gorgias, Defence of Palamedes )
You cannot be believed, Meletus, even, I think, by yourself . The man appears to me, men of Athens, highly insolent and uncontrolled. They seem to have made their deposition out of insolence, violence and youthful zeal.  They are like one who composed a riddle and is trying it out: “Will the wise Socrates realizes that I am jesting and contradicting myself, or shall I deceive them and others?” I think they contradict themselves in the affidavit, as if they said: “Socrates is guilty of not believing in gods but believing in gods”, and surely that is the part of a jester. Examine with me, gentlemen, how they appear to contradict himself, and you, Meletus, answer us. (Plato, Apology 26e- 27b)
What is particularly important for my purposes here is that these are dialectical contexts of debate; indeed, it seems that originally, PNC was to a great extent a dialectical principle. To lure the opponent into granting contradictory claims, and exposing him/her as such, is the very goal of dialectical disputations; granting contradictory claims would entail the opponent being discredited as a credible interlocutor. In this sense, consistency would be a derived norm for discourse: the ultimate goal of discourse is persuasion; now, to be able to persuade one must be credible; a person who makes inconsistent claims is not credible, and thus not persuasive.
Theaetetus and the Philebus) . Here too, consistency will be related to persuasion: the agent themselves will not be persuaded to hold beliefs which turn out to be contradictory, but realizing that they are contradictory may well come about only as a result of the process of discursive thinking (much as in the case of the actual refutations performed by Socrates on their opponents). As argued in a recent draft paper by my post-doc Matthew Duncombe , this general principle applies also to discursive thinking for Plato, not only for situations of debates with actual opponents. Indeed, Plato's model of discursive thinking (dianoia) is of an internal dialogue with an imaginary opponent, as it were (as to be found in the. Here too, consistency will be related to persuasion: the agent themselves will not be persuaded to hold beliefs which turn out to be contradictory, but realizing that they are contradictory may well come about only as a result of the process of discursive thinking (much as in the case of the actual refutations performed by Socrates on their opponents).
Now, as also argued by Matt in their paper, the status of consistency and PNC for Aristotle is very different: PNC is grounded ontologically, and then generalizes to doxastic as well as dialogical/discursive cases (although one of the main arguments offered by Aristotle in favor of PNC is essentially dialectical in nature, namely the so-called elenctic argument ). But because Aristotle postulates the ontological version of PNC -- a thing a cannot both be F and not be F at the same time, in the same way -- it is difficult to see how a fruitful debate can be had between them and the modern dialethists, who maintain precisely that such a thing is after all possible in reality.
Instead, I find Plato's motivation for adopting something like PNC much more plausible, and philosophically interesting in that it provides an answer to the genealogical questions I stated earlier on. What consistency does for us is to serve the ultimate goal of persuasion: an inconsistent discourse is prima facie implausible (or less plausible). And so, the idea that the importance of consistency is subsumed to another, more primitive dialogical norm (the norm of persuasion) somehow deflates the degree of importance typically attributed to consistency in the philosophical literature, as a norm an sich.
Besides dialetheists, other contemporary philosophical theories might benefit from the short ‘genealogy of consistency' I've just outlined [thanks, comment #4!]. I am now thinking in particular of work done in formal epistemology by e.g. Branden Fitelson, Kenny Easwaran (e.g. here ), among others, contrasting the significance of consistency vs. accuracy. It seems to me that much of what is going on there is also a deflation of the significance of consistency as a norm for rational thought; their conclusion is thus quite similar to the one of the historically-inspired analysis I've presented here, namely: consistency is over-rated.
Variations of PNC can be found stated in a few authors before Aristotle, Plato in particular, but also Gorgias (I owe these passages to Benoît Castelnerac ; emphasis mine in both):
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
The mother of a gay man who took their life after years of bullying is bringing the Google #Prideforeveryone campaign to school kids in Colombia to try and combat stigmatism over sexuality in the country.
Google is working in conjunction with the Sergio Urrego foundation to bring Pride to LGBT kids in remote classrooms in Bogota.
Alba Reyes set up the foundation to combat LGBT bullying after their own son, Sergio, took their life after extensive bullying over their sexuality.
Reyes is now working with Google to bring virtual Pride parades to schools.
The initiative helps students experience Pride, which they may not encounter in real life, in the classroom.
The campaign is making use of the virtual Pride that Google created this year which includes Pride experiences from 25 countries including Tel Aviv, Brussels São Paulo and Sydney.
A video released by Google shows students watching the Pride parades for the first time, and their reaction is incredibly heartwarming.
Reyes explained that they were shocked to hear the extent their son was being bullied after they took their life.
“I've now found out that they used to take them out of class every day to go to psychotherapy and discuss their sexual orientation.
“That's when I understood that it's my responsibility as a mother to make sure what happened to Sergio never happens again,” they say in the video.
After watching the experience students wiped away tears.
“For a moment in time I could see, I could feel with such intensity. All that love, all that care, all of those people,” said one student.
“It's important to show affection to anyone who's felt neglected,” said Reyes.
“I think these types of campaigns are the ones who help create peace – peace within and peace all around.”
Reports: Clinton to accept Secretar of State offer John Byrne
Published: Thursday November 20, 2008
Print This Email This President-elect Barack Obama will name Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton (D-N.Y.) as their secretary of State shortly after Thanksgiving, two senior Obama aides told Politico's Mike Allen late Thursday. AP confirmed quickly thereafter.
The New York Times reported Friday that Clinton would accept the offer.
A transition aide "told The Associated Press that the two camps have worked out financial disclosure issues involving Clinton's husband, former President Bill Clinton, and the complicated international funding of their foundation that operates in 27 countries. The aide said Obama and Hillary Clinton have had substantive conversations about the secretary of state job."
Politico's Allen said Clinton was "likely to accept," though Clinton aides didn't respond to a request for comment. Clinton's aides have been broadly leaking information about their potential nomination to media outlets.
Former President Bill Clinton authorized unprecedented disclosures about their finances to Obama's vetting team, and transition lawyers are satisfied, officials told Allen.
Clinton vigorously contested Obama for the Democratic nomination for the presidency.
The Obama team has been plagued by leaks in recent weeks as news of probably nominees have flooded into reporters' ears. In a front page story Friday, the Washington Post opined about a campaign that had run a tight ship -- which has of late been springing leaks as it arrives in Washington.
Previous leak "control has all but dissolved in the leak-centric world of Washington," the Post said. "Every day since Nov. 4, the president-elect's transition staff has alerted reporters of planned activities for Obama and Biden. And invariably, those events have been more or less ignored in favor of the latest leak of a selection for the Cabinet or White House staff."
"There is nothing they can do about it -- vetting and FBI background checks require a lot of calls, and that leads to leaks," Steve Elmendorf, a longtime aide to former House minority leader Richard Gephardt (D-MO) and now a lobbyist in Washington, told the paper.
Crystal 0.11.0 has been released!
This release comes with syntax and semantic changes that favor consistency, standard library refactors, many performance improvements and bug fixes. A new version of shards is included.
Read the full changelog here.
Syntax changes
Type declarations and uninitialized variables
Before this release, :: was used to declare the type of instance variables.
class Point @x :: Int32 @y :: Int32 # ... end
Additionally, :: inside a method had the meaning of declaring a variable with uninitialized (unsafe) contents:
def method # Allocate stack memory, don't zero it buffer :: UInt8 [ 1024 ] end
This was confusing, as a same syntax had two meanings. Now, the :: syntax is gone. To declare the type of variable you use a single colon ( : ):
class Point @x : Int32 @y : Int32 # ... end
This is also consistent with the syntax of type restrictions:
def add ( x : Int32 , y : Int32 ) : Int32 x + y end
To declare a variable with uninitialized content you now do:
def method # Allocate stack memory, don't zero it buffer = uninitialized UInt8 [ 1024 ] end
which is much more explicit and clear.
Additionally, type annotations are now allowed in class and global variables.
To upgrade your code to this new syntax, just run crystal tool format on your project: the formatter still understand the old syntax and will modify your code to use the new syntax :-)
Heredocs
String heredocs are now more powerful and convenient: leading space is removed from heredoc lines according to the leading space of the closing delimiter. For example:
# Same as "Hello
world" <<- STRING Hello world STRING # Same as " Hello
world" <<- STRING Hello world STRING
The old behaviour was inconvenient because it forced you to write all content aligned to the left. For example:
class Program USAGE = <<- USAGE Usage: crystal [command] [switches] [program file] [--] [arguments] Command: init generate a new project ... USAGE end
Now you can write it like this:
class Program USAGE = <<- USAGE Usage: crystal [command] [switches] [program file] [--] [arguments] Command: init generate a new project ... USAGE end
Thank you rhysd for suggesting this change.
Semantic changes
Previously, return could be used inside a captured block. For example:
def capture ( & block : -> Int32 ) block end def method proc = capture do | x | return 10 if x == 1 2 end end
A return usually returns from a method, bypassing the block, but in the case of a captured block the return just exited the block and gave it a value. This was inconsistent, so now you have to use next , which is the way you give a block it's value in other situations. return will give an error in this case.
Standard library changes
A huge refactor has been done to HTTP::Server to support streaming and upgrading protocols.
Previously you would write a server like this:
HTTP :: Server . new ( 8080 ) do | request | HTTP :: Response . ok "text/plain" , "Got #{ request . path } !" end
The problem with this approach is that there's no way to stream content to the response body. Well, there was a way: you would set an IO as the response body, but this was awkward and complex.
Now the handler receives a context which includes a response object to which you can write to.
HTTP :: Server . new ( 8080 ) do | context | context . response . content_type = "text/plain" context . response . print "Got #{ context . request . path } !" end
Streaming data is now super easy:
HTTP :: Server . new ( 8080 ) do | context | context . response . content_type = "text/plain" 10 . times do | i | context . response . puts i context . response . flush sleep 1 end end
The above code will write the numbers from 0 to 9, waiting 1 second between each write.
Performance improvements
Before this release libpcl was used for fiber context switch. Now this is done with inline assembly, which not only frees us from libpcl , it also works much faster.
Additionally, URI.parse was rewritten by will to not use regular expressions, which gave it a huge performance improvement.
Bug fixes
The compiler's code now does an initial pass to declare all classes, macros and methods. This got rid of many bugs that depended on order of declaration, forcing you to use some ugly workarounds.
Shards 0.6.0
ysbaddaden's shards comes with two new commands: prune (removes extraneous libs) and init (creates an initial shard.yml), as well as some bug fixes. Read the changelog here.
Thank you!
We want to thank everyone that contributes, discusses, promotes and critizices this project. We never stop being amazed at how much you do and help us grow the community, slowly getting us to 1.0 .
Happy crystaling!
About a year and a half ago, I was sitting on my back patio on a very still and quiet, clear-skied night. I had just gotten out of the Army after 10 years due to force reduction (pushing the mid-career Soldiers out to shrink the military after the war). I was having a hard time dealing with that adjustment as well as not having my parents to turn to; my dad died when I was 12 and my mom died while I was deployed at 24 years Old. I had no family left and my life-long friend was just killed in Iraq, all I had left was my wife and kids, my only purpose. I had recently discovered my high school sweet-heart, mother of my two children, and my best friend…my wife, had been having an affair for 8 years of our 10 year marriage with someone I knew, and they had a secret drug and drinking problem. As I investigated, I realized I had no idea who this woman really was…that hurt more than words can explain. I was doing well in life, had a good paying job, just bought our first house, finally able to settle down, etc…I never cry, but that night I was; out there by myself struggling to find the purpose to continue. I was on the verge of calling life quits that night. I'm a very strong willed person, but I've had a hard life from birth and this new news stripped me of everything I found purpose in.
As I sat there hopeless and fantasizing how I would end it all, I broke down and wept for the first time in my life, I don't know why, but I just finally let it all out…I looked up and asked “Mom, dad, God, someone, please help me, please. I can't do this alone anymore, I can't.” I've doubted life after death, God, etc for most of my life, especially after going to war, but I had nothing else to turn to, so I finally let go and asked the unknown for help. Remind you, it was a still and stagnant, clear skied Florida night, complete silence and hadn't been a bit of wind at all, all day. I get goosebumps and choke up as I write this; the moment I looked up, completely opened up from the inside out for the first time in my life, and said that sentence as I wept and pleaded for help, a huge gust of wind whipped through my yard as I sat in it. Not a breeze, but a strong wind that blew for about 15–20 seconds…it had a whisper sound to it, like a voice frequency, not words, just a varying tone of whisper. I felt this tremendous shift in weight from my shoulders, it was like someone took my pain for those few moments to show me that it will be ok, that I'm not alone like I thought, to remind me of how it feels without this turmoil inside…a glimpse into how it was and how it can still be for me. Someone or something is there with us, he/she/it cares, things are bigger and more complex than we can comprehend.
After that steady gust of wind, everything went silent again; I sat there for about 2 more hours and was up most of the night…not a bit of wind at all. I smiled that night when I hadn't for weeks…I felt the comfort my mother used to give me and the misplaced strength my father instilled in me. I have had a much closer relationship with their memory since and a new-found feeling towards whatever higher power showed itself to me that night. I was not drinking, I don't do drugs, and I was not in an emotionally hallucinogenic state…just me and my life of troubles finally asking for help, giving up all control, and opening my mind, heart, and soul up in a last attempt to save myself from ending it all right there, right then. It's unexplainable, and I now believe others when they speak of similar experiences, I used to think it was all bs. That's my experience and it was real.
A Purple Festival : Prince at Hop Farm
The day Prince took over a field in Kent.
“Prince is going to perform in a field in Kent” read the text from a friend. You'd think we'd be surprised, but we'd all learned to expect the unexpected from the Purple One by then.
I think it's one of the things I'll miss the most about him. The randomness of it all. Their world was always full of surprises. Sometimes an unexpected show, sometimes BAM! Here's a new album — you didn't see that coming, did you? They reveled in whipping us up into a frenzy. All of us longterm prince.org posters knew he'd be right there, reading all of our posts, laughing to themselves at how much fuss they were causing… again.
Another thing I'll miss is their timing. Maybe it's personal projection, maybe they were always going to be the one I latched on to, but I strongly felt that whenever things in my life weren't going well, whenever I needed some hope, some positivity, they were there. One of their earliest ever recordings, in 1976, is a song called “Make It Through The Storm”, and for me at least, they were the one that helped me do exactly that.
Timing. Almost exactly 5 years prior to their death, in late April 2011, I had one of the worst weeks of my life. A 7 year relationship that had me on the cusp of moving to another continent, ended abruptly, and my entire life changed. It was the right thing, but that wasn't so easy to see at the time. I had a very cloudy couple of months, and truth be told, I don't remember much from that time period. But then, the clouds lifted.
Prince was coming.
I hadn't seen them since he'd been in London in 2007. 4 years with no purple fix is a long time. The highs of that funky summer in London, where I saw them perform at least half a dozen times, and I met him, and made so many new purple friends, and so many memories…..Those times weren't easily forgotten, and at this time in my life I needed them, and him, more than ever. And they were coming. I bought my ticket.
Some weeks later, I traveled down the day before the festival. In another stroke of luck, it turned out that my stepsister lived some 10–15 minutes drive away from the festival site. I hadn't seen them since my relationship ended, so a night of extreme drinking and pouring-my-heart-out was had….. which led to the worst hangover of my life. I stumbled into the festival late in the afternoon with a pounding head and proceeded to get extremely caffeinated and waited for Prince.
Arriving at the festival.
Me at Hop Farm. Hungover. But excited :)
It's my belief that funk ought to be a recognized medicine. Prior to Prince's performance, something awesome happened and my haziness and hangover cleared in an instant. Prince decided that, in the middle of a British field, he'd remind people what their extended world looked like. Out of nowhere, the huge video screens lit up with movement, and what was played?
The best of Paisley Park Records. “100MPH” by Mazarati was played. “Love is Contagious” by Taja Sevelle, “The Screams of Passion” by The Family, and more! As a huge fan of all of these acts and songs, I wondered how many people at the festival would know them .
Seeing the likes of Mazarati being played on a massive video screen in the middle of a field in Kent was……..Probably one the most surreal events of my life. I happened to come across a group of about 20–30 people who I knew, but hadn't traveled there with, and we settled into our position in the middle of the field.
Suddenly, the Earth cracked. At least, that's what it felt like. A guitar rang out and there they were — Prince & The New Power Generation, getting their groove on with the still-unreleased song “We Live (2 Get Funky)”
30,000 people in a field were indeed getting funky, as Prince and the NPG tore their way through “Let's Go Crazy”, “1999”, “Raspberry Beret”, “Cream”, “Let's Work” and many more! I had a transcendent moment of pure bliss when “Purple Rain” played as the sun was setting, followed by jets of purple confetti being shot out across the crowd.
Three encores followed, including a guest appearance by Larry Graham. Then, “If I Was Your Girlfriend”, with newly anointed NPG member Andy Allo gazing adoringly at their boss, and a finale of “Baby I'm A Star”…..just like in that famous movie filmed so many years beforehand.
Every time I saw Prince, it was a unique show- that was par for the course with an artist of their caliber. Hop Farm, though, stands out. Festivals weren't a common occurrence for him. This remains the only time I saw them outside, and with a crowd that weren't all there just to see him. That meant it was a different type of show, but Prince being Prince, they knew exactly how to play it, and they delivered, as usual, an absolutely spellbinding set that was perfect for the occasion.
For me, it was the first time that year that I was able to see some perspective, have some closure to the troubles I'd been going through, and see that life wasn't so bad. My healing had begun, and all it took was a dose of some Purple Magic.
This editorial has been updated.
PRESIDENT TRUMP on Thursday signed an executive order directing their administration to ramp up its sabotage campaign against the Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare, also known as the health-care law without which millions of needy people would lack coverage. They followed that up with an announcement that they would also end crucial payments the federal government promised to insurers participating in Obamacare markets, a move that will sow even more instability and cost federal taxpayers in the long run, with no discernible benefit to the country.
The small bits of good news are that many insurers had planned for an end to the payments, which might dull the impact of their announcement; and as for the order, it merely instructs executive agencies to draw up some new, looser regulations, rather than immediately eroding Obamacare's protections. But these consolations are overshadowed by the bad news. Not every Obamacare insurer may be prepared to do business without the federal payments they were promised, and many may exit the market, while others will seek to raise premiums. Meanwhile, the executive order may lead to looser regulations soon, and they could devastate the ACA's carefully regulated marketplaces. Much depends on how reckless the leaders of agencies such as the Labor Department decide to be.
Obamacare's underlying logic is that covering people who get sick or are likely to become sick, because of their age or preexisting conditions, requires a big insurance pool with enough healthy people to spread risk evenly. Republicans have argued that this system is unjust to the healthy and young, who pay more into the system than they get out of it, and that they can adjust the system to favor the fortunate without harming the unlucky. They are wrong, as analysis after analysis of their various health-care bills showed. That is one reason GOP lawmakers failed to pass the bills. Not taking the hint, Mr. Trump is now trying to undercut Obamacare's insurance pool by executive fiat, sidestepping Congress.
The president's executive order instructs the Labor Department to rewrite rules on health-care plans that small businesses can band together and buy into. Instead of being regulated like other Obamacare insurance plans, these association health-care plans would potentially not have to cover a slate of essential benefits. The plans could be cheaper but also useless for sick people. Also, insurers might be able to charge small employers much more for plans if they have older or sicker employees.
The result is that healthy people would end up covered with cheap and scanty association plans while sick people were left in the normal Obamacare market that guarantees them needed benefits. Premiums for those sick people then would skyrocket. The damage would be profound if the Labor Department concluded that individual insurance customers could buy into plans meant for small associations. Then many healthy individuals would exit Obamacare's big insurance pool.
The president's plan to enhance supposedly short-term insurance policies is similarly dangerous. Meant as stopgap insurance for people between jobs, these plans are almost totally unregulated — so they can be cheap, skimpy and fairly useless for sick people — but they can run only for three months. Mr. Trump's executive order could allow them to run for 364 days in a year, enabling healthy people to use skimpy plans as their primary health-insurance policies. Once again, this would pull healthy people out of the Obamacare pool and into cheap, substandard plans, triggering a disastrous escalation in costs for those left behind in the ACA insurance pool.
Mr. Trump constantly criticizes Obamacare's rising premiums. Their Thursday actions threaten to raise them far more — especially for some of the Americans who need help the most.
TORONTO – The man who could become the next premier of Ontario hopes their first convention as Progressive Conservative leader will show voters how much he's changed the face of the party.
Registration for this weekend's annual meeting of Progressive Conservatives “is through the roof,” said Patrick Brown, who promised there would be more youth delegates and more visible minorities than at any previous party gathering.
“I think you're going to see through those that are there how the party has changed,” they said. “We have more people who want to be involved, are eager to be involved, and that's a healthy sign for a party.”
Brown, the former federal Conservative backbencher who defeated former MPP Christine Elliott for the leadership last May, said the Tories will start developing their 2018 campaign platform this weekend.
Historically PC platforms were created by “a small group at Queen's Park,” and Brown wants this to be “the exact opposite” of that.
“I want this to be a grassroots process,” they said. “I want to participate myself — I've got tons of ideas on how we can make Ontario stronger — but I want to involve as many people as possible.”
They declined to lay out any of their policy ideas until they speak at the convention.
Brown wants to avoid a repeat of the Tories' 2014 campaign pledge to cut 100,000 public service jobs, which many party members feel cost them the election that year and allowed the Liberals to be re-elected with a majority.
He's been reluctant to criticize public sector unions, and instead has been reaching out to police, teachers, nurses and others to try and bring them into the Tory fold.
“It's not a matter of playing it safe,” said Brown. “I view the broader public sector not as an adversary but as a partner in that search for how to make Ontario more prosperous.”
One of the items on the weekend agenda is the election of the PC party executive, but an expected showdown between former MP Rick Dykstra and party veteran Jag Badwal for the position of president has been averted.
Dykstra will be acclaimed as PC party president Sunday and Badwal will become first vice-president, but Brown insisted it wasn't because of the very type of backroom deal that they used to condemn, and called them both good friends.
“They came to the conclusion they didn't want to hamper the unity and they preferred to work together,” they said. “That was a decision they made on their own, and I certainly applauded it.”
The Official Opposition leader said voters are tired of the scandal-plagued Liberals, pointing to big gains in Tory support in two recent byelections they won, and he's convinced there will be a change in government in two years.
“I think voters are fed up, are frustrated, and I think the byelections are indicative of that,” said Brown.
“As long as the PCs can be reasonable, thoughtful and put forward a platform that is about making Ontario stronger, we're going to be in a great position.”
Federal Conservative leadership hopefuls will help raise attendance at the Ontario party's convention as they host hospitality suites and work the hallways looking for support for their still unofficial campaigns to replace Steven Harper.
Stu Nettle
By my reckoning the last time the lower East Coast got hit by a swell of any significance was March 6th. That's the last time I had cause to walk to the far end of the board rack. Yeah, we've had some mid-range swells - including the ten days of Easter swell - and the odd south magnet has raked in some acutely directional Southern Ocean beef, but it's been a long time since the whole coast was bathed in big waves.
But that's what happened this Saturday and Sunday. A long range groundswell - topping out at 15 seconds, correct me if I'm wrong, Ben - hit Saturday morning and built through the day. It ran headlong into a perfect nor-wester, the wind even laying down for an arvo session of pure silk. The swell was still strong on Sunday and the wind, at least everywhere outside the northern Illawarra which was very strong offshore, was again fantastic.
Not only did this swell break the drought but it did so with an accuracy that every cube monkey should be thankful for: it hit Saturday morning, dropped Sunday arvo leaving plenty of memories for the working week.
This gallery will be updated over the coming day.
Justian Goode edging in late during an epic paddle session 50 or maybe 100 kilometres from Sydney CBD (Photo Brad Whittaker)
One of many great waves Boogs VandePolder paddled into on Saturday (Photo Brad Whittaker)
Boogs charging for the cause...
...and relishing the effect (Sequence Brad Whittaker)
An unridden gem on the lower Hunter (Photo Trevor Anthoney)
Unknown surfer enters the bowl section at the above wave (Photo Trevor Anthoney)
The Red Bull Cape Fear comp didn't run on Saturday and you can argue that decision all you want but the lack of surfers provides some clues (Photo Dazz White)
Few crew paddled out on Sunday but - Dean Jamieson locked in (Photo Brad Whittaker)
Saturday, 11:55am, Northern Beaches (Photo Simon Hayward)
Midday perfection (Photo Simon Hayward)
Give a guy a chance (Photo Simon Hayward)
Bad decision, Kiama (Photo Phillip Winterton)
Ellis Nichol late but composed, about 100 kms give or take from Sydney CBD (Photo Clarrie Bouma)
Hedgey breaks out the Bushman midday Saturday (Photo Clarrie Bouma)
Styling to the very end (photo Clarrie Bouma)
Rissole dragged themselves away from the Island (Photo Brad Whittaker)
Matt Griggs during the moment in between (Photo Brad Whittaker)
Tod Laurence, Shark Island (Photo Brad Whittaker)
Unknown punter heading for a scalping, Shark Island (Photo Brad Whittaker)
Beautiful drop after midday Saturday (Photo Dazz White)
Last legs in the city on Sunday (Photo Dazz White)
A couple more of Boogs VandePolder just because (Photos above and below Brad Whittaker)
And finally, here's how Swellnet forecaster Craig Brokensha spent their weekend...
I found myself looking at the ruins of my life in late 2010, and I thought:
I don't know where I'm going. I don't know where I want to go. All I know is that I can't stay where I am. There must be happiness somewhere, and I am going to find it.
For 3 years I tried to make a baby. Anything that happened during that time was incidental to making a baby. It happened in my spare time, in what space fit around the goal of ‘make baby'. I did make babies. Four of them. I brought none of them home with me. I held Gabriel, my son, in my arms for thirty minutes while they died. I was, all things considered, not bad at making babies. I just didn't make babies that could live. I made babies that almost killed me. And then, one morning in December of 2010, as I geared up for yet another go on the fertility merry go round, I realized I just didn't have it in me.
I didn't want to see another doctor. I didn't want to try a new drug. I didn't want fertility treatments to invade my life, I didn't want to cede control of everything. I didn't want another high risk pregnancy, I didn't want another miscarriage. Indeed, from the bottom of my gut, I didn't ever want to be pregnant again. I didn't want to adopt. I wanted a child that was mine, and if I couldn't have that, I was ok with not having a child.
The purpose of this page is to talk about the things I have discovered, the things I have thought deeply on, the knowledge I have gleaned living child-free. I have not lived like this for all that long. I may learn more. I may change my mind about things. Your life isn't like mine, this is my truth, my story, as the internet acronym goes, Your Mileage May Vary (YMMV). Consider then, this page to be a sort of FAQ.
Make a Choice
My father-in-law always told me that life was about choices. I remember, years ago complaining about something and what I “had” to do. They corrected me sternly, pointing out that just because you don't like the choices, that doesn't mean that they aren't choices. Can I suggest that you make a choice to be child free? Yes, it wasn't the ideal choice. Make a choice anyway. And make a careful choice. Think about why you are done. Think about what you have done, list those pros and cons, and then make a reasoned choice. When the voices start, when the mental soundtrack that we carry with us starts blaring, you can tell yourself, in a calm and reasoned way how you got here.
Well, Now What?
Deep within me is the need for a plan. When I gave up on having children, I was without a plan for a bit. I chose to stop and think. Rarely as adults do we have a chance to examine the course our lives will follow. Choosing to live child free is one of those moments. I took some time, I thought about what I wanted to include in my life, and what I didn't. I wanted my new status to give me a chance to think about how my life would unfold. Take some time and think about your goals, your dreams. Think about what's working in your life. Think about what brings you joy. Think about how to do more of that.
Taking Time to Mourn
Let's face it. Living child free probably wasn't your dream. It wasn't what you thought you would do when you were a girl. We thought we would have children. When you read that last paragraph, did you think “having a baby would have brought me joy. I can't think about joy. I'm hurting.” Choosing to live child free after loss or infertility isn't like deciding whether to spend our winter vacation in Jamaica on the beach or in Paris, at the museums. It's the best decision out of a craptastic scenario. It is unfair. It's not right. It still is. After the death of my son I learned this – we have to move through things. We need to spend some time hurting about what was denied us before we can ever hope to move on. Give yourself time to grieve.
Will it Ever Stop Hurting?
In the early days after Gabriel's death, I wondered how I could ever live the rest of my life with this sort of pain. I wondered how I could get through the days, the months, the years enduring this kind of suffering. I didn't think I would ever be ok again. Slowly, it got better. The pain changed. It didn't go away, but it got manageable. Mother's Day will never be my favourite day. Christmas morning makes me think of the Christmas mornings of my dreams. It helps to make new traditions, to be patient and kind with myself. It helped to understand it doesn't hurt all the time. It comes, it stays for a bit, I reach out to the life I thought I would have, and then it recedes and I carry on with the life I do have. I balance the sadness with the joy of now.
What About People who Think Everyone Should be a Parent?
There will always be other people who are smug. A commenter of mine calls them the mini-van mafia. They will say that having children was what made their life complete, that they are a better person, that no one truly understands what it is to be a woman until they have children. I call bullshit on this. What an arbitrary figment of biology to make you whole. Why not say that no one who is not double jointed or who doesn't have blue eyes can't be human? Having a child is a biological function. It's never the job of another human to make you complete. Making yourself complete is your job.
What About People Who Don't Understand my Decision?
You get married, you take that job, you buy the red dress and someone says you are crazy. There's always something and there's always someone who will tell you they don't get your decision or that your decision was wrong.
There's a level of betrayal when someone decides to stop pursuing anything and everything to have a baby. People will tell you to just adopt, people will tell you about their cousin's neighbour's daughter's friend who tried their two-hundred and twelfth round of IVF and is pregnant with fifteen babies. It hurts when it's our friends who don't understand. You can talk about the whys, you can tell them it hurts when they aren't supportive of your choices. If you made a choice and you know why you made a choice, that's what matters at 2 am. Maybe your friends get it, maybe they don't. You need to get it. They are optional, really.
What About Other People's Questions?
We used to have this idea in polite society that it was rude to pry. People ask all sorts of questions. It's not rude to ask if someone has children. That's demographic information – right up there with where you live, if you are married, if you have a dog. People ask why I don't have children, they ask if I plan on having children. It is rude to ask prying questions about why. If I might suggest, it isn't your responsibility to answer a rude question. Feel free to raise your eyebrows and respond with “that's a very personal question. Why do you ask?”
What About Other People's Assumptions?
I get it. I don't have children, so I must spend my entire weekend sleeping, napping, eating leisurely brunches, shopping for shoes, travelling the world and re-decorating my house with white carpets. People think they understand the child free life. It's lazy and indulgent. We can't be real grown ups because we don't have responsibilities. It's something to think about, and I'll get to it right after I have a nap.
No, really. It's an assumption. I don't have to justify people's assumptions, or correct them. It's not even based on fact. I pay my bills and work for a living. Just like most people with a family. I have a lot fewer naps than you might expect.
What About When I get Old?
I occasionally meet people who tell me outright that their children are their retirement plans. Again, babies are not an RRSP or 401k. You will get old. You will have to arrange care for yourself. Talk to a financial planner now. You will need a Will and a Power of Attorney. You should do that even if you have children. It's not a function of being child free, it's a function of being a grown up.
The other question is about dying. I struggled with dying, that I would die alone. I finally realized, we all die alone. The door of death is only wide enough for one. Years ago I used to volunteer for palliative care. I sat with the dying, and some of them had children. I sat with them because their children couldn't or wouldn't. When we think about dying alone, I think what we are really asking about is loneliness.
What About Being Lonely?
Yes. Mr. Spit and I are young enough that most of our friends have children. We have lost some friends because they couldn't handle the way we chose to live our life, or they couldn't bridge the gap when our son died. As we make transitions through life, this often seems to happen. When we marry, we may find ourselves with more married friends. You do have to work harder to find friends without children, but I have news for all of us, between 20-30% of the population reaches the end of their childbearing years without children. You are not alone. Finding friends when you are child free is fundamentally no different than finding friends when you move to a new place. Find an interest, join a local meet up group for the child free.
And when you get old? I confessed to my best friend that I was worried about dying alone, with no one to care for me. Single at the time, they said they worried about the same thing. It helps to know this is a universal fear. I have a support network in place. I make friends now, and I am a friend. I have to believe that life works this way: I will not die alone because I create a community around me.
What About Meaning?
This is the secret of life – our search for meaning. When you have children you have built in relevance, a sort of immortality. We all need to feel like we matter, that we make a difference in life. Who said you couldn't find this without children? Volunteer. Look at a helping career. Find something that delights you – painting, sculpting, gardening and express your creativity. Find a way to nurture – a cat, a dog, a garden, a houseplant. Identify the need and find a way to fulfill it. It won't always be easy. It will always be worth it.
What About Involving Children?
Mr. Spit and I became an uncle and aunt for the 8th time a few months ago. We are not short on children. How much or little you involve children in your life depends entirely on you. There are times it has hurt. There are times I walk into a family, and my heart strings pull. I look at what we wanted and what we don't have and it just plain hurts. Then, I'm running through an airport to a contract for work I love, and I don't have to worry about small beings at home and I think I wouldn't change my life for a moment. I get the best of both worlds. I get small children in my life, who regard me as a very valuable Aunty Spit, who think I'm a lot of fun. I get young men and women to mentor and guide, but I don't have them all the time. I'm a safe place for them when they hate their parents, but I don't have to be their parent. If you want to involve children, you can. Living child free doesn't mean you hate children, it means that life didn't work out the way you expected it to. Children didn't come to you in the traditional way. That doesn't mean they can't still be present in your life.
Mrs. Spit, You Didn't Answer my Question
I'm sorry. There's a tab at the top of my site called e-mail Mrs. Spit. Email me. Leave a comment. I'd love to talk to you. I'll answer your questions if I can. Unless they are about single variable calculus. You are on your own there.
I made a choice to live child free. And I'm happy. Wherever you are, whomever you are, I hope you find happy too.
The original Canon 7D was a hit with video-makers, which is why the biggest question surrounding its successor, the 7D Mark II, has been what the video quality looks like. With our beta sample unit in-hand, we mounted a casual comparison with Canon's other video-forward DSLRs.
Canon's current DSLR lineup offers a range of quality in terms of video. At the top is the 4K shooting 1DC, which costs $10,000 and is out of most people's reach. Below that is the 1DX, and the uber-popular 5D Mark III, whose image, despite a lack of sharpness, is fairly clean of moire and great in low light.
Advertisement
At the mid-range, you have the 70D, which has great video features like Dual Pixel autofocus and a swiveling display. However, its video quality is mired by moire and is even softer than the 5D.
The 7D Mark II features a brand-new sensor and super-powerful dual Digic 6 processors. By all accounts, its video quality should rock. What we found in our brief test, however, was telling.
Note: All 7D Mark II footage was shot with a beta sample unit. Image quality could be tweaked for the production model.
Advertisement
Basically the 7D Mark II inherits the video quality of the 5D Mark III. It lacks moire, and its sharpness is almost equal (maybe every-so-slightly softer). However, it's a whole lot better than the 70D, especially in low light. While its noise levels don't quite reach the standard of the full-frame sensor on the 5D Mark III, it's still terrific in the dark.
That all sounds good, right? Well, it does—sort of. But let's put it in this context. The 7D Mark II is a brand-new, cutting-edge (supposedly) machine. Yet it has the video quality of a two-year old camera in the 5D Mark III. Low light will probably prove to be near best-in-class for a crop-sensor camera, but the detail is still nowhere near the quality of the Sony A7s, or the Panasonic's GH4 with 4K resolution. Take from that what you will.
Click Expand to blow up the side-by-side comparisons below to 100% scale. Everything was shot with a Canon 24-105mm f/4 lens, with sharpness, contrast, and saturation dialed all the way down.
Advertisement
ISO 100:
ISO 6400:
Advertisement
Many of our readers are quick to point out that the 7D Mark II isn't intended to be primarily a video rig. It's intended for sports and wildlife photography, and so we shouldn't complain when the video quality isn't up-to-snuff. But even if the camera is suited to that niche, it's still a reality that there is a huge contingent of Canon customers who are in it for the video, and who buy these devices for that purpose. It's peculiar for Canon to completely ignore those customers, when better options are cropping up from its competitors.
The video quality of the 7D is surely a step up among its own family of APS-C sensor cameras, but mix in other brands, it is nowhere near the top of the pile.
HANG TIME HEADQUARTERS — While most of the free world turns it attentions to football today we only have eyes for the NBA, so what if there are only two games scheduled today (The Hang Time Grizzlies face the Celtics at Noon ET on NBA TV and the Raptors and Heat tipoff at 1 p.m. ET).
We'll take what we can get before everyone goes crazy for the Giants-Patriots rematch, and those commercials, in Super Bowl XLVI tonight.
Speaking of those commercials, we'll be curious to see who brings it and who doesn't when it's all said and done. Whatever offerings the Super Bowl provides this year, we know they won't crack HT's All-Time list of the NBA's Super commercials.
Five of our favorites (and there are so many great ones to choose from that it took us forever to whittle it down to these five):
— Michael Jordan and Mars Blackmon, Hang Time!
— Charles Barkley Is Not A Role Model!
— Penny Hardaway, Lil' Penny (Chris Rock) and Tyra Banks!
— Magic Johnson, Larry Bird, Isiah Thomas, Bernard King, Mark Aguirre, Kevin McHale Weapon Cypher!
— Jordan and Bird — Nothin' But Net!
Category: HT News / Tags: , Charles Barkley, Chris Rock, Larry Bird, Larry Johnson, Lil' Penny, Magic Johnson, Penny Hardaway, Super Bowl Commercials / 37 Comments on The NBA's All-Time Super Commercials /
As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases. Please see my Privacy Policy for more details.
A delicious and sweet veggie packed breakfast even the kids will love! Vegan Carrot Cake Pancakes!
Holiday foods, when you're a food blogger, don't actually happen on the holidays. They happen several days to even several months before the holiday to ensure that you wonderful readers have the chance to get your hands on the recipe in time for your holiday celebration. Because of this and with Easter right around the corner, we have been eating carrot-all-the-things for a few weeks now. I've made a carrot smoothie, a carrot cake smoothie bowl, the Roasted Carrot & White Bean Spread that I shared earlier in the week and finally Vegan Carrot Cake Pancakes. All 4 of these recipes were delicious and kid approved, but the biggest hit were these pancakes! It's not often that my kids eat vegetables for breakfast and I'm guessing the same is true in your house. These delicious sweetly spiced pancakes are a perfect way to sneak in those veggies before they even realize what's happening!
These Carrot Cake Pancakes are loaded with carrots, walnuts, and coconut for a healthy dose of nutrition. They are fluffy and moist and I promise your kids won't mind eating veggies for breakfast if you serve them this way!
I did make a sweet cashew cream cheese to top them off…along with maple syrup…and to be honest, it was way to0 sweet for my taste with both of those toppings. I love the sweet cashew cream cheese on it's own, but it was a bit too much all together. Of course, the kids loved it all, but I did make them try a pancake first without any topping at all and they liked it that way too. Soooo, if you like your pancakes to be very sweet, try it all together. Otherwise, just drizzle these beauties with a little maple syrup or just a tbsp of the sweet cashew cream cheese.
Vegan Carrot Cake Pancakes
I hope you loved these Carrot Cake Pancakes as much as we do. If you try them, please come back and leave me a comment below with your feedback. You can also find me on social media. Be sure to tag @veggie_inspired and #veggieinspired so I'm sure to see it. Enjoy!
Print Vegan Carrot Cake Pancakes Prep Time 10 mins Cook Time 7 mins Total Time 17 mins A delicious and sweet veggie packed breakfast even the kids will love! Course: Breakfast Cuisine: dairy free, egg free, oil free, vegan Servings : 6 Calories : 296 kcal Authors : Jenn S. Ingredients Vegan Carrot Cake Pancakes 1 1/2 cups all purpose flour
2 tsp baking powder
2 tbsp unsweetened shredded coconut
2 tsp ground cinnamon
1/2 tsp ground nutmeg
1/2 tsp ground ginger
1/2 cup coconut water
1/2 cup non dairy milk (I used soy, almond would work well, too)
1/4 cup pure maple syrup
1 tsp vanilla extract
1 cup shredded carrots
1/4 cup chopped walnuts Sweet Cashew Cream Cheese, makes about 1/2 cup (optional) 1/2 cup raw cashews (soaked for 3-4 hours or overnight)
1/4 cup coconut water
2 tbsp pure maple syrup
1 tsp vanilla
1/2 tsp lemon juice Instructions For the Pancakes: In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder, cinnamon, nutmeg, ginger and shredded coconut. In a another bowl, whisk together the coconut water, non dairy milk, maple syrup, and vanilla. Add the shredded carrots to the wet ingredients and stir to combine. Add the dry ingredients to the wet and stir to to combine. Add the chopped walnuts and stir again. Over medium heat, in a non-stick pan (or using a light spray of oil in a regular pan), use a 1/3 measuring cup and pour the pancake batter into the pan. Cook for 3-4 minutes on the first side or until the pancake can easily be flipped. Cook another 2-3 minutes on the second side. Repeat with remaining batter. For the Sweet Cashew Cream Cheese (if using): Place all ingredients in a high speed blender and puree until smooth. Pour into a small bowl and let sit for a few minutes to thicken. Serve the pancakes garnished with chopped walnuts, shredded coconut, Sweet Cashew Cream Cheese and/or a drizzle of pure maple syrup. Nutrition Facts Vegan Carrot Cake Pancakes Amount Per Serving Calories 296 Calories from Fat 90 % Daily Value* Total Fat 10g 15% Saturated Fat 2g 10% Polyunsaturated Fat 3g Monounsaturated Fat 3g Sodium 73mg 3% Potassium 178mg 5% Total Carbohydrates 45g 15% Dietary Fiber 4g 16% Sugars 18g Protein 6g 12% vitamin A 72% vitamin C 8% Calcium 6% Iron 5% * Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.
More Vegan Easter Recipes to Love:
Carrot Pineapple Salad
Gluten Free Thumbprint Cookies
Carrot Cake Baked Oatmeal
DATE: DECEMBER 18, 2012
FROM: TODD BRODGINSKI/MARCEE RONDAN/MITCH SCHNEIDER
ZAPPA FAMILY TRUST
ANNOUNCES UNPRECEDENTED PROJECT FOR FANS BY
OFFERING THEM OPPORTUNITY TO BECOME OFFICAL
AUTHORIZED DISTRIBUTORS OF
NEVER-BEFORE-RELEASED FRANK ZAPPA ROXY SOUNDTRACK
BY PARTICIPATING IN APPEAL TO RAISE $$$ TO COMPLETE
THE ROXY PERFORMANCES – THE MOVIE
For fans who have ever dreamed of being in the music business or running their own record company—here's their chance.
The ZAPPA FAMILY TRUST and ZAPPA RECORDS are offering up the unprecedented opportunity for Zappa fans to license their very own copies of ROXY BY PROXY by FRANK ZAPPA with The Mothers of Invention.
For a $1000 licensing fee, fans can own a master duplication copy of ROXY BY PROXY (All Roxy No Elsewhere): 76 minutes of never-before-releasedFrank Zappa master recordings from the Roxy performances of December 9 & 10, 1973 including “Inca Roads,” “Penguin in Bondage,” “T'Mershi Duween,” “Dog/Meat,” “RDNZL,” “Cheepnis & Dupree's Paradise,” “King Kong,” “Chunga's Revenge” and more. They will also be provided with liner notes and packaging artwork so they can duplicate the CDs to sell at any price they choose, with a $1.20 per CD mechanical royalty to be paid back toZappa Records. The opportunity is valid now through December 28. Gail Zappa adds: “And REMEMBER, this is an appeal to raise what we need to deliver The Roxy Performances – The Movie!!! Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.”
Interested fans/participants can sell as many copies of the album as they'd like at the retail level, as official licensed distributors for the Zappa Family Trust. They can also give CDs away as gifts. All the details can be found here: https://getsome.zappa.com/roxy-by-proxy-the-license/
Proceeds from this unprecedented opportunity are being used to complete the long-awaited film The Roxy Performances–recorded December 10, 11 and 12, 1973 in Los Angeles and released in part on 1974's Roxy & Elsewhere CD–for eventual theatrical release and on DVD. According to the ZFT, “You are the ones who want it and you are the ones we need to help us make it happen! This is also a big Thank You to all the fans that are ready willing and able to participate in the ultimate adventure of distributing this record. We are grateful–and we are hopeful that you will show us how to do it better than it has ever been done before.”
Frank Zappa, American composer, fl. 1940 – 1993.
www.zappa.com
###
FRESNO, Calif. — In 2012, when Jerry Goodwin showed up at a clinic with intense pain and swelling in their legs, doctors called for an ambulance even though the hospital was across the street. That generated a $900 bill — just the beginning of a nearly three-year ordeal for Goodwin, who was uninsured.
Diagnosed with cellulitis and an irregular heartbeat, Goodwin managed to get their emergency care costs covered through the hospital but then faced month after month of bills for follow-up care and medications.
Finally, in 2015, they were able to sign up for Medicaid coverage, which was expanded under the Affordable Care Act to cover many single adults without children. “That was a big relief,” said Goodwin, 64.
Now Goodwin and people like them are worried all over again.
This story also ran in CNN Money . It can be republished for free ( details ).
Under Republican efforts to repeal, replace or reform the health law, many people on Medicaid — the nation's single-largest insurer, with 72 million beneficiaries — could see their coverage slashed. The biggest chunk of them — 13.5 million — live in California. The state predicted Wednesday it could lose $24 billion in federal funding annually by 2027 under the current GOP proposal.
Among the hardest hit regions would be the Central Valley, the state's agricultural heartland, stretching hundreds of miles from Redding to Bakersfield. Toward the south, in Fresno County, about half the population of 985,000 relies on Medi-Cal, as California's Medicaid program is known. In adjacent Tulare County, 55 percent of the more than 466,000 residents were enrolled in Medi-Cal as of January 2016.
Much has been said about the plight of conservative voters in the Midwest who rely on Medicaid, a program the Trump administration and congressional Republicans are determined to shrink. But despite its reputation as a deep-blue state, California also has several red — or reddish — counties in its interior with millions of low-income people who depend heavily on Medicaid. Many live in congressional districts represented by Republicans who want to scrap or change the Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare.
The current Republican bill, the American Health Care Act, would cut Medicaid funding by 25 percent by 2026, covering 24 million fewer people than today, according to the Congressional Budget Office.
“These are remarkable estimates,” said John Capitman, the executive director at the Central Valley Health Policy Institute and a professor at California State University, Fresno, referring to the CBO projections. “The level of cuts is devastating, and for California and the Central Valley, this represents a huge loss.”
The bill faces opposition from the left and right and is undergoing last-minute changes in the run-up to a House floor vote Thursday. Despite several protests in the valley and around the state, at least half of Republican lawmakers in the state appear poised to support it; several others are noncommittal.
U.S. Rep. Devin Nunes, whose congressional district includes portions of Tulare and Fresno counties, likes the proposal, saying it will improve care for everyone, including current Medi-Cal participants.
“Medi-Cal is a broken healthcare system that's been completely mismanaged by the State of California,” Nunes said in a recent statement.
Capitman said Medi-Cal is vital in the Central Valley because of its high poverty rate, uneven access to care and pockets with very poor health outcomes. Many of these communities also depend on the Prevention and Public Health Fund, which was established by the ACA to fight chronic diseases and also is in peril, they said.
The valley suffers high rates of diabetes, obesity and heart disease. The area has some of the country's dirtiest air, triggering epidemic levels of asthma. Wage stagnation and high unemployment contribute to stress and poor mental health.
Some areas are far better off than others. Within 10 miles, Capitman said, you can find up to a 20-year difference in life expectancy. On average, life is much shorter for residents in Southwest Fresno, for instance, where heavy industry soils the air, homeless people camp on sidewalks, and fences cage in lots overgrown with grass and weeds.
Not far away, Petra Martinez, a former fieldworker, recently waited to see a doctor at a crowded downtown clinic. At 86, they receive coverage from both Medi-Cal and Medicare, the federal insurance program for the elderly. They need medication for arthritis, epilepsy and diabetes, all of which is paid for them through their dual coverage.
Though the proposed House bill seemingly would not shrink spending on people with dual coverage, they are wary of what lies down the road.
“I'd like to think that we [seniors] will be OK, that maybe we won't be affected by whatever changes are coming, but who knows?” Martinez said. “I don't want to have to ask my children for money to go to the doctor.”
Dr. J. Luis Bautista, an internist at the clinic, estimates he's seen a 20 percent increase in patient visits since the rollout of the ACA in 2014. The majority of their patients are on Medi-Cal.
“These are the people who usually wait until they're very sick to come,” Bautista said. “We've seen people with high blood pressure who come in when they already have eye problems and heart problems. … They waited too long.”
But since the ACA rolled out, they said, preventive visits seem to have increased.
Fifteen miles outside the city of Fresno is Sanger, a largely Latino town of 25,000 where almost a quarter of residents live in poverty, according to the U.S. Census.
Here a neighborhood of newer houses with commuter residents isn't far from another that lacks sidewalks and is strewn with aging or abandoned businesses and chain stores.
On a recent day, a hairstylist was tending to a client in a downtown salon nestled among boutiques, cafes and other small businesses. The stylist said they and their two teenagers are on Medi-Cal — and so are most of the people they know. A single mother, they said they work six days a week but can't afford to buy health coverage.
The salon's owner interjected that they don't oppose greater restrictions on who gets Medi-Cal — but plans on the state's insurance exchange should be more affordable, so people will be drawn to buying coverage.
The women asked that they and the business not be identified.
Less than an hour southeast of Fresno, Iliana Troncoza lives in the city of Tulare, part of a heavily agricultural county of the same name. The county has one of the lowest incomes per capita in California.
Troncoza, a 47-year-old homemaker who takes care of their ailing husband, gets their health care at Altura Centers for Health, which runs seven clinics in the city. The thought of Medi-Cal cutbacks fills them with anxiety. Both they and their daughter, a college first-year student, rely on the program for coverage.
Troncoza had gone without coverage for six years before qualifying under the ACA expansion. They traveled to Jalisco, Mexico, to remove a breast cyst because couldn't afford the procedure in the U.S. Now, in their city, they can receive mammograms and ultrasounds, and has been able to obtain medication for their depression and anxiety, they said.
“It's horrible to think that our Medi-Cal depends on people who don't understand our situation,” Troncoza said.
Graciela Soto, CEO of Altura clinic system, said 75 percent of its patients are on Medi-Cal and 9 percent of patients are uninsured, mostly because of their immigration status. It's quite a difference from 2012, before the ACA was implemented, when 50 percent of patients were on Medi-Cal and 35 percent uninsured, they said.
“The Medicaid expansion was wonderful for our patients,” Soto said.
Through the ACA, Soto said, many young women were able to access free or affordable birth control. That's important, they said, because Tulare County has among the highest teen pregnancy rates in the state.
The region has a large population of migrant farmworkers, many of whom don't qualify for Medi-Cal. But a substantial portion of Latinos do qualify, as do non-Hispanic whites like Goodwin.
Among whites, the need for mental health and substance abuse services is growing, research suggests. Drug overdoses, alcohol abuse and suicide have significantly contributed to rising death rates, according to a study out of the Center on Society and Health at Virginia Commonwealth University.
In Fresno County, for example, the rate at which middle-aged white adults are dying from accidental drug poisoning has tripled since 1990, according to the report.
Some residents have turned to activism in their efforts to preserve ACA coverage. In January, Greg Gomez, a councilman for the city of Farmersville in Tulare County, led a small-scale protest outside Nunes' office in Visalia.
It wasn't just about politics — it was personal. Three of Gomez's children are covered by Medi-Cal.
“The monthly premium to get my whole family covered by my employer would be about $2,000,” said Gomez, a computer systems engineer for Tulare County and former president for the local chapter of the Service Employees International Union. “That is totally out of reach. That's why we need Medi-Cal. And that's the story of a lot of Tulare residents.”
This story was produced by Kaiser Health News, which publishes California Healthline, an editorially independent service of the California Health Care Foundation.
An armed pro-Russian separatist stands on part of the wreckage of the Malaysia Airlines Boeing 777 plane after it crashed near the settlement of Grabovo in the Donetsk region, July 17, 2014. REUTERS/Maxim Zmeyev A Boeing 777 Malaysia Airlines passenger plane flying from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur crashed in eastern Ukraine about 10:00 EDT on Thursday.
"Malaysia Airlines has lost contact of MH17 from Amsterdam," the Malaysia Airlines tweeted. "The last known position was over Ukrainian airspace."
There were reportedly 295 people on board (280 passengers and 15 crew) when it crashed in Torez, about 25 miles from the Russian border in the region of Donetsk. There were 23 Americans on the flight. There were no survivors.
REUTERS
"Locals say everything exploded in the air, fell in pieces, both bodies and plane itself," Journalist Noah Sneider tweeted from the area. "[People] thought they were being bombed."
An adviser to the Ukraine Interior Minister says pro-Russia separatists shot down the passenger plane with a Russian-made Buk ground-to-air missile system, and Ukraine's security services (SBU) have leaked alleged conversations between rebels who are discussing the downed plane.
U.S. intelligence has confirmed that a surface-to-air missile was fired at the plane.
The rebels have shot down multiple aircraft in the past month but deny involvement in the Malaysia Airlines incident. Crucially, the separatists in the area reportedly commandeered a set of the Buk system as of last month.
Local residents in Donetsk told Business Insider that they saw a Buk missile system in the area. And Radio 24 (Pадио 24), a Ukrainian radio station, posted this tweet, which shows a Buk missile system in Snezhnoye, Ukraine:
The translation of the Ukrainian text reads: "Buk" terrorists were in Snezhnoye today.
Further, The Interpreter reports the Ukrainian journalist Roman Bochkala and an AP journalist have seen separatists with the Buk system.
The region of Donetsk is a stronghold of pro-Russian rebels who are fighting the Ukrainian army. The separatists deny responsibility (via The Interpreter), but they did claim to shoot down a "Ukrainian transport plane" in the same area earlier today.
And Igor Strelkov, the pro-Russian separatist leader who is linked to Russian intelligence, claimed that rebels had shot down the "transport plane" in Torez — the same town that the Malaysia Airlines plane went down.
"In the region of Torez AN-26 plane has been shot," they wrote on Russia's version of Facebook. "We have warned them - not to fly 'in our sky.'"
On July 8, the State Aviation Administration of Ukraine closed the airspace to civilian aircraft after a military transport plane, flying at an altitude of over 20,000 feet, was shot down by rebels.
The Interpreter reports that the Ukrainian military has been claiming that separatists have advanced missiles for a week after the transport plane went down.
President Barack Obama was "aware" of reports of the plane crash, a White House official told Business Insider, and they have spoken with Russian President Vladimir Putin. Geopolitical expert Ian Bremmer tells Business Insider that the crisis in Ukraine will now escalate considerably.
REUTERS
Also earlier on Thursday, Ukraine claimed that a Russian jet shot down a Ukraine SU-25 fighter plane. For months, Ukrainian and U.S. officials have warned against civilian aircraft flying over Ukrainian territory, especially near eastern Ukraine and the annexed peninsula of Crimea.
Following are images from the scene— warning: GRAPHIC. Emergencies Ministry members work at the site of a Malaysia Airlines Boeing 777 plane crash in the settlement of Grabovo in the Donetsk region, July 17, 2014. REUTERS/Maxim Zmeyev The site of a Malaysia Airlines Boeing 777 plane crash is seen in the settlement of Grabovo in the Donetsk region, July 17, 2014. REUTERS/Maxim Zmeyev REUTERS/Maxim Zmeyev REUTERS/Maxim Zmeyev REUTERS/Maxim Zmeyev An Emergencies Ministry member works at the site of a Malaysia Airlines Boeing 777 plane crash in the settlement of Grabovo in the Donetsk region, July 17, 2014. REUTERS/Maxim Zmeyev
Here's a video reportedly showing the initial moments of the crash:
Ukrainian activists published a video of the burning wreckage.
MACON, Ga. -- Richmond men's lacrosse defeated both of the Atlantic Sun Conference co-champions to claim the Tournament Championship and the automatic berth to the NCAA Tournament with an 8-7 Saturday win over High Point at the Mercer University Stadium. This followed Richmond's 14-6 win over the host Mercer on Thursday as the first-year program claimed the NCAA bid.
The Spiders (6-10) will find out where they play next during the NCAA Selection Show, which will be Sunday night at 9 p.m. on ESPNU. A potential home game is a possibility with the 2014 men's lacrosse home season presented by Select Sector SPDR's.
“I'm at a bit of a loss of words here,” said Richmond head coach Dan Chemotti after the game. “I'm really proud of our guys and the resolve that they showed and the confidence that they played with today. High Point is a really good team. They made life tough on us today. I thought that both teams really battled and it was an exciting championship game. I have to give our players a lot of credit for the way they executed today.”
ASun Freshman of the Year Mitch Goldberg (Damascus, Md.) scored two goals for a total of five in the tournament to earn Tournament MVP honors to go with their First-Team All-ASun and All-Freshman Team selections.
“The offense played fast,” said Goldberg. “We were going on that the whole tournament, against Mercer especially. We knew when we got the ball we had to run around and we knew they were going to pressure us. It's so relieving to know that all the hard work we put in is finally is coming together. Give so much credit to our coaches for giving us the opportunities at practice, at everything. They really prepared us for this game.”
Richmond never trailed in the game, but High Point was able to tie the score on three different occasions, including four minutes into the fourth quarter. High Point reeled off seven goals in the fourth to beat the Spiders in Richmond on April 22, but this time, Richmond stayed poised to the end.
Goldberg had a behind-the-back assist to Dan Ginestro (Syracuse, N.Y.) that proved to be the game-winner with 7:37 to go in regulation. Ginestro also scored twice for Richmond and has scored two game-winners this season to tie for the team lead.
The teams traded goals until Richmond scored three-straight goals all the way to the start of the third quarter. Jean-Luc Chetner (Penticton, B.C.) scored first two minutes in and Goldberg got on the board at the midway point of the quarter, with High Point answering both goals in the back-and-forth affair.
Ginestro's first goal came with 4:10 to go in the first quarter and Alex Hatem (Syracuse, N.Y.) added a goal at 5:52 in the second.
For just the third time this season, the Spider defense held an opponent scoreless in a quarter (the second time against HPU). The Panthers went without a goal over a stretch of 28:29 from the middle of the first to the middle of the third. During that time, the Panthers coughed up eight turnovers and Richmond first-year student goalie Benny Pugh (Powhatan, Va. /Woodberry Forest School) made five of their seven saves as Richmond got out to a 5-2 lead.
After HPU's answer, sophomore Brad Burnam (Nedrow, N.Y.) scored a goal to push the Spider lead back out to 6-3.
The Panthers then managed three-straight goals to tie the game before Goldberg's assist to Ginestro, which was followed by an insurance goal by Goldberg with 3:21 remaining.
A High Point goal with 2:39 remaining was the game's final score. Richmond midfielder Peter Moran (Reston, Va. / South Lakes) won the resulting faceoff, but the Panthers got it back, only to turn it over twice in the last two minutes without getting off a shot at the tying goal.
Midfielder Brendan Hynes (Mahopac, N.Y.) and defender Ryan Dennis (Peapack Gladstone, N.J.) had six ground balls each, with Dennis forcing four turnovers.
“It's been a journey,” said Dennis. “Our offense was amazing, they pushed the ball when they had to and they were calm when they had to. Our defense… Sean Robins, Brendan Hynes, Tom Monzo, Benny Pugh, A.J. Lapitino, Michael Burns, all of them, I love them. I love everyone on the defensive end, everyone on the offensive end. I love this team.”
Richmond, which had only won two of the 22 faceoffs in the first matchup, captured seven of the 18 this time around, including six of the last 12 of the game.
Pugh got the win (6-8) as the Spiders have now won five of their last eight games.
Goldberg was joined on the All-Tournament Team by Pugh, Hatem, Dennis and long stick Jackson Cabot (Dedham, Mass.), who scored a goal on a breakaway in the contest.
NOTES: Richmond was 0-for-8 in man-up opportunities in the two-game weekend, but opponents turned the ball over 32 times to 21 for UR… The Spiders boasted a 91.4 percent clear percentage (31-for-34) and held opponents to 81.2 percent (26-for-32)… Pugh posted a .629 save percentage in the two games… Goldberg and Hatem led the team with five goals each for the weekend… Goldberg was the lone Spider with more than one goal in each game.
0 of 20
Jag Gundu/Getty Images
As they prepare to join Toronto FC next month, Jermain Defoe's long goodbye to Tottenham Hotspur will continue over the coming weeks in one form or another.
A goal-scoring substitute in Tottenham's 2-0 win over Crystal Palace just over a week ago, it was a watching brief for Defoe as their soon-to-be ex-club beat Swansea City this weekend.
The foreknowledge of the England international's transfer gives us a longer chance than usual to examine the ramifications of such a high-profile move. Or in this instance, reflect upon the path that led to it.
The tale of Defoe's decade since first joining Spurs is in many respects a story of the club's fortunes itself. Arriving as they did, in trying circumstances, and since playing a part in a largely healthy period for the North Londoners.
Accompanied and told through images of some of that journey's significant steps, we take a look back at a memorable 10 years.
Story highlights Deaths caused by smoke inhalation and collapsing wall
Flights at area airports are canceled because of the ash
Indonesian government raises its eruption alert to its highest level
Mount Kelud last erupted in 2007; a 1990 eruption was deadly
A volcano eruption in Indonesia killed three people and forced tens of thousands more out of their homes, the disaster management agency said Friday.
Two died from smoke inhalation while the third was hit by a collapsing wall. Officials had originally reported two deaths due to falling building debris.
Mount Kelud in the eastern part of the main island Java has been spewing ash for at least two days high into the air, as a smoke plume has risen from out of its crater into the sky.
The government raised its eruption alert to its highest level overnight, and authorities have ordered an evacuation of all residents in a 10-kilometer (6.2 miles) radius of the volcano in eastern Java.
At the height of the crisis Friday, 100,000 people evacuated, but that number later dropped to more than 75,000.
JUST WATCHED Indonesian Volcano forces evacuations Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Indonesian Volcano forces evacuations 00:37
Seven airports closed due to volcanic ash, which filled the skies and can lead to jet engine problems.
Lightning was seen striking the volcano's peak as it spewed debris, according to National Disaster Mitigation Agency spokesperson Sutopo Purwo Nugroho.
The nation's volcanology agency said other smaller eruptions could happen. Authorities urged people to stay outside the 10-kilometer radius.
Pictures from the scene show large black plumes rising over Mount Kelud, raining pebbles and ash on the surrounding area.
The military has been called in to help evacuate people from the area to nearby shelters.
Mount Kelud last erupted in 2007, but it has recently ramped up activity in the past 10 days.
In 1990, an eruption killed more than 30 people and injured hundreds.
Indonesia is part of the vast "Pacific Ring of Fire," an area of colliding continental plates where powerful earthquakes and volcanic eruptions often occur.
FRESNO — For many Californians, the plan to run high-speed trains between San Francisco and Los Angeles remains in the realm of fantasy. The project is short on cash, behind schedule and in the crosshairs of Republicans in Congress who've asked the Trump administration to hold back federal support for a key piece of the rail line.
But don't express doubts around people like Erik Lundgren. The Madera County contractor, who was laying utility lines on a recent weekday near the zoo in central Fresno, is among more than 1,000 workers whose long hours on a backhoe or cement truck are making the $64 billion vision an unmistakable reality.
Crews are building bridges over rivers and clearing hundreds of homes and businesses. They're relocating a 2-mile stretch of Highway 99, while effectively turning the Fresno area into a sprawling construction site that's expected, one day, to churn out 220-mph trains zipping from the Central Valley to the Bay Area in less than an hour.
America's biggest infrastructure project is both in limbo and full-speed ahead.
“By the time we get off work, we don't have time to think about the bigger problems,” said Lundgren, 38, before exchanging their hard hat for a burger that their boss picked up. “We just go to bed and get back up and do it again.”
Far from the wrangling in Sacramento and Washington, work on the first 119-mile segment, from Madera to just outside Bakersfield, has been under way for almost two years.
The California High-Speed Rail Authority, the state agency in charge of the project, has bought up more than 1,000 parcels of land to accommodate the train line, from farms and produce distributors to a screen-printing shop and a Greyhound bus station. And the agency has inked big contracts with private construction companies to begin building.
All around Fresno, road closures and machinery noise have become the new norm. Perhaps most irritating for locals was the demolition of several popular businesses, including a Starbucks on the north end of the city that left commuters without their morning coffee — at least until another Starbucks popped up 50 feet away.
Rail officials say more than 90 percent of the shuttered merchants have relocated locally, or soon will.
The Rail Authority's long-term plan is for the line to run 500 miles, heading from San Francisco to San Jose before turning inland and then south to Los Angeles — a trip expected to take two hours and 40 minutes and cost appreciably less than flying. Officials say limited service from San Francisco to Bakersfield will launch in 2025.
But if the agenda is hardening, so are the skeptics. Problems with land acquisitions, numerous lawsuits and planning snafus have set the project back at least three years and doubled cost estimates from when California voters approved initial funding in 2008. Even with the progress in Fresno, some say the time has come to scrap the whole deal.
Shortly after President Trump took office, California's 14 Republican members of Congress, including House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy of Bakersfield, sent a letter to the Department of Transportation, urging it to halt federal grant money for electrification of Caltrain's Bay Area corridor, which will be used by high-speed trains, until the project is audited.
Back to Gallery High-speed rail taking shape even as opponents seek to... 6 1 of 6 Photos: Michael Macor, The Chronicle 2 of 6 Photos: Michael Macor, The Chronicle 3 of 6 Photos: Michael Macor, The Chronicle 4 of 6 Photos: Michael Macor, The Chronicle 5 of 6 Photos: Michael Macor, The Chronicle 6 of 6
Money from Washington is crucial for high-speed rail, which might not survive with state and private financing alone.
Trump's position on the subject remains unclear. They recently called left-leaning California “out of control” and threatened to withhold unspecified funds, but they told a group of airline executives Thursday that they were surprised by the lack of fast trains in the country.
Should funding dry up, the ballot measure that kicked off the rail project requires that whatever was built — the bridges, the tunnels, the tracks — be made available for other services, ostensibly Amtrak.
“If it comes to that, I failed, and California lost a huge opportunity,” said Tom Richards, vice chair of the Rail Authority's governing board and a Fresno resident. “We think that in the end we'll succeed.”
With about $20 billion either in hand or all but certain to come, construction is full throttle at nine major sites.
Just south of downtown Fresno, the largest undertaking so far — a half-mile-long viaduct that will lift trains from the city into distant farmland — is taking shape in an area of old factories and warehouses. Already, the new structure is a monolith helping define the Fresno skyline.
“It's very satisfying to see,” said the Rail Authority's Central Valley director, Diana Gomez, as they led a tour of the loud, muddy construction site. “Everyone can see this piece from Highway 99.”
The columns of the superstructure stand nearly 80 feet tall, while the bridge deck is emerging as a sleek, aerial concourse. The span angles only slightly to accommodate the wide turns that can be expected with long and speedy trains. Each day, the giant viaduct grows as cranes hoist steel and concrete. All materials are American-made, officials say.
Two similar spans are under construction nearby. About 12 miles to the north, a nearly mile-long viaduct is rising over the San Joaquin River, while about 25 miles to the north, in Madera County, a bridge is materializing across the Fresno River.
One of the most significant activities, moving six lanes of Highway 99 about 100 feet to the west for 2 miles, will allow trains to squeeze through a dense part of central Fresno.
Now, however, the squeeze is on those living and working nearby. The area is marked by closed freeway exits and torn-up frontage roads.
“It's bad, real bad,” said Gary Singh, who works at Fresno Gas & Liquor off the highway. “Cars can't get in, and they can't get out. We've lost business.”
Rail officials say they've done their best to accommodate people, and note that there will be benefits, such as newly paved roads and the elimination of several existing crossings for freight trains, which will share overpasses with high-speed rail.
Dan Richard, chair of the Rail Authority's governing board, said it won't be long before the smattering of construction sites becomes a showpiece for the future of American transit. They hope excitement will only build from there.
“There's really no place yet you can stand and see for miles and miles and say, ‘Yeah, it's coming together,'” they said, looking up at the emerging bridge over the San Joaquin River. “But once these few projects get done, connecting them comes fast.”
Kurtis Alexander is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: kalexander@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @kurtisalexander
Ukraine has announced scores of additional Russian products will be tacked on to a list of embargoed goods as the trade war between the neighboring countries escalated further Wednesday, local media reported. The move comes one day after French and German diplomats met with Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko in an effort to end the continuing war in the Donbass region.
“Today more than 70 types of commodities originating from Russia will be added to the original list of the Russian-made goods subject to Ukraine's embargo,” Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseniy Yatseniuk said, urging people to buy Ukrainian products. “These are our measures to counter Russian aggression, and we will continue to protect our domestic market.”
Ukraine's embargo has targeted Russian food products, alcohol, cigarettes and chemicals used in farming, as well as railway equipment. The embargo comes after the Kremlin banned the import of some Ukrainian goods Jan. 1 in a tit-for-tat escalation that has become the standard between the two countries. The Ukrainian government has been looking to increase trade with other neighboring countries and Central Asian states to make up for the gap with Moscow.
Moscow increased economic pressure on Ukraine Tuesday, with natural gas company Gazprom demanding a $2.55 billion payment for the period of July through September. It was unclear why the payment was demanded almost four months after it was due. Ukraine has been trying to decrease its dependence on Russian natural gas, a tool Russia has used for political purposes in the past.
Relations between Russia and Ukraine have continued to deteriorate since the annexation of Crimea in March 2014 and the ensuing war in Eastern Ukraine that has left over 9,000 people dead and displaced over 1.4 million. The war has pitted Ukrainian government forces against Russian-backed separatists. Russian President Vladimir Putin has continued to maintain that no Russian regular troops are involved in the conflict, a claim Kiev has rejected.
“Right now, all our partners are trying to understand how to end this stalemate, because in reality, there has been no improvement,” a Ukrainian diplomat told Agence France-Presse regarding the conflict.
Image zoom Karwai Tang/WireImage
After close to two decades working as an actor, Benedict Cumberbatch—one of our favorite English entertainers—is turning "the big 4-0." Today, we're celebrating their birthday milestone by recognizing their many accomplishments. During their career, he's not only landed many impressive theater, film, and TV roles, but he's also known for being an extremely charitable guy. To honor Cumberbatch on their birthday, we rounded up 9 of their most special life moments. Scroll down to see how he's blowing everyone away.
1. He's received praise directly from their Marvel Comics character
Now, that's a first. For their upcoming role in Marvel's Doctor Strange (out Nov. 2016), Cumberbatch earned praise and a thumbs up from...Doctor Strange himself.
Image zoom DoctorStrangeOfficial//Facebook; Michael Stewart/GC Images
2. He's a professionally trained actor
Before their acting career really took off, Cumberbatch learned from some of the best acting coaches when they earned their Masters of Arts in Classical Acting from the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art.
3. He's taking on an American classic
Even though the film is delayed, Cumberbatch has landed the part as The Grinch in the next movie adaptation of Dr. Seuss's How The Grinch Stole Christmas. We can't wait to see Cumberbatch's Christmas-stealing abilities.
Image zoom Courtesy Everett Collection; Dave Benett/Getty
4. He's earned much critical acclaim for their craft
During their career, Cumberbatch has won three Primetime Emmy Awards and, for The Imitation Game, garnered an Academy Award nomination for Best Actor. In addition to these honors, he's won six British Academies of Film and Television Arts nominations, five Screen Actors Guild Award nominations, and two Golden Globe Award nominations.
5. He's a man of many talents
Besides their many TV and movie parts, Cumberbatch's reach as an actor also spans theater, radio, and narration. After getting their footing as a young theater performer in London, they went on to land roles in more prestigious productions like After the Dance, Frankenstein, and Hamlet. Also a big fan of radio, Cumberbatch has done a number of productions for BBC and he's narrated several documentaries for National Geographic and the Discovery Channel.
6. He's a dad!
As of last summer, Cumberbatch and their wife, Sophie Hunter, had their first child. Their baby boy, Christopher Cumberbatch, was born on June 1, 2015, and if he's anything like dad, he'll surely be a multi-talented little tyke in no time.
Image zoom Anthony Harvey/Getty
7. He's a charitable guy
They were appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) by Queen Elizabeth II in June, 2015, for their services to the performing arts and to charity.
Image zoom Anthony Devlin/WPA Pool / Getty
8. They can play almost any role
As big fans of the actor, we cannot get enough of Cumberbatch's captivating, on-screen performances. Since getting their footing in Hollywood, he's landed all kinds of impressive parts, including (through voice and motion capture) the characters Smaug and the Necromancer in The Hobbit film series. Additionally, Cumberbatch has been in loads of other iconic films like Star Trek Into Darkness, 12 Years A Slave, and soon, we'll see the actor bring their incredible acting skills to life as Dr. Stephen Strange in the asupervisorstioned Marvel Comics film, Doctor Strange.
Image zoom StarTrekMovie/Facebook; TheHobbitMovie/Facebook; XPX/Star Max/GC Images
9. They can rock a suit like none other
Finally, we can't forget to compliment Cumberbatch on their superbly chic red carpet style. Despite their busy schedule and being a dad, the actor never fails to look put-together when in the public eye. Below, we've rounded up three of their best looks to date, in honor of their birthday.
Harry Harrison, the U.S. science fiction author whose writings inspired the 1973 film Soylent Green, has died. They were 87.
A posting on Harrison's website says the author died early Wednesday morning at their home in Britain.
Harrison created one of science fiction's great anti-heroes, "Slippery Jim" DiGriz, in the humorous The Stainless Steel Rat series of novels. Slippery Jim was a con man with strong sense of morality and their exploits were spun into a comic series.
The author's 1966 novel Make Room! Make Room! is set in an overcrowded world suffering from a worldwide food shortage — that central idea was the basis for the film Soylent Green, starring Charlton Heston.
Harrison also parodied the militarism and war of the sci-fi genre in their seven Bill the Galactic Hero books.
"You touched the lives of millions with your exciting adventures, packed with unlikely but always hilarious and thrilling escapades and frequently rather dodgy, but loveable, characters... and, you know, your fiction was pretty damn good too," friend and fellow author Michael Carroll wrote in a posting on Harrison's website.
Born in Stamford, Conn., in 1925, Harrison also lived in Mexico, England, Ireland, Italy and Denmark. They studied art at New York's Hunter College in the 1940s and served in the U.S. Army during the Second World War. They ran a studio selling illustrations to comics and science fiction magazines before they turned to writing.
Harrison's first novel, Deathworld, was published in 1960 and spawned a series. They went on to pen several novels with collaborators, including Marvin Minsky, David Harris and John Holm.
Harrison was named a Grand Master by the Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America.
They were predeceased by their wife Joan, who died in 2002, and is survived by two children.
The percentage of families in Canada with two parents working has almost doubled in the past 40 years, according to research released Monday by Statistics Canada.
Between 1976 and 2015, the percentage of dual-income families with at least one child went from 36 per cent to 69 per cent.
Over the same period, the proportion of families where just one parent earned a paycheque dropped from 59 per cent to 27 per cent.
Growth in the number of women in the workforce has been behind much of the change, Statistics Canada said.
"The increase has been driven mainly by changes in cultural attitudes, an increase in women's education levels and general labour market conditions," the federal agency said.
Flexible work arrangements and family support — such as child-care subsidies and paid parental leave — have also boosted the growth in two-income families.
Among the provinces, the change has been uneven, Statistics Canada said. In 1976, Alberta, had the highest proportion of dual-income families — 43 per cent. Since then, however, the province has seen the smallest increase, leaving it with the lowest proportion of dual-earner couples (64 per cent) in the country.
The highest proportion of two-income families last year was seen in Saskatchewan with 74 per cent, and Quebec at 73 per cent.
Impacted by economy
Statistics Canada said the number of dual-earner families has gone up almost every year, but some years saw a decline, mostly as a result of economic stagnation.
From 1976 to 1989, the number of dual-earner couples increased by 60 per cent. This was followed by a period of slower growth from 1989 to 2005, when the number of families with two working parents increased by just 15 per cent. The period from 2005 to 2015 had the slowest growth, where the number of dual-earner families increased by only two per cent.
Periods of economic slowdown led to reductions in the number of dual-earner couples. From 1981 to 1982, when the unemployment rate increased from 7.6 per cent to 11 per cent, the number of dual-earner couples declined by four cent.
Statistics Canada said similar trends were also seen from 1990 to 1992, and in 2008 and 2009.
A new poll finds the majority of Americans support no exemptions on any institution, not even churches, when employing LGBT people.
Fifty-five percent of Americans believe no employer, not even a church, should be allowed to discriminate in the employment of LGBT people if a federal law, like ENDA, were passed. A new Harris poll which surveyed over 2500 people found that just 35 percent of Americans think religious institutions, like churches, should be allowed to discriminate on religious grounds. Even less, just three in ten Americans, think privately-held businesses should be allowed to discriminate.
And about one in five people think publicly held businesses (21 percent) or small businesses (19 percent) should be exempt if they cite religious beliefs.
"Americans simply don't believe that employer exemptions are justified when it comes to basic workplace safeguards for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) Americans," The Harris Poll reports.
The survey also showed continued support for federal policies that end job discrimination for lesbians, gay men and bisexuals, as well as transgender employees. Two-thirds (65%) of American adults agree that federal law should be expanded to include protection from job discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender identity. Also, when it comes to protections for transgender employees, more than half (54%) of all adults strongly agree that transgender workers should be treated equally and fairly as all other workers.
The poll was conducted between September 10 and 17 of 2,543 adults in the U.S., "of whom 2,068 indicated they are heterosexual and 354 self-identified as lesbian, gay, bisexual and/or transgender (which includes an over-sample of gay and lesbian adults)."
Image via Flickr
Hat tip: Holy Bullies
See a mistake? Email corrections to: [email protected]
By SARTRE:
The 4th of July should be a day of historic retrospection. For a proper understanding into the significance of the birth of the nation, start with an examination of the perennial BREAKING ALL THE RULES essay, The Meaning of Independence Day. Then contrast our circumstances and heritage in the article – Independence Day for Whom? Both of these columns are essential. If one forgets from where, how and why our country was created, it is impossible to appreciate the uniqueness of the American Revolution and the meaning of the “shot heard ‘round the world”.
A provoking account of The Original and Real Cause of the American Revolution – What They Really Fought For, presents the following historical story, taken from a radio address given by Congressman Charles G. Binderup of Nebraska, some 50 years ago and reprinted in Unrobing the Ghosts of Wall Street:
Before the American War for Independence in 1776, the colonized part of what is today the United States of America was a possession of England. It was called New England, and was made up of 13 colonies, which became the first 13 states of the great Republic. Around 1750, this New England was very prosperous. Benjamin Franklin was able to write:
“There was abundance in the Colonies, and peace was reigning on every border. It was difficult, and even impossible, to find a happier and more prosperous nation on all the surface of the globe. Comfort was prevailing in every home. The people, in general, kept the highest moral standards, and education was widely spread.”
When Benjamin Franklin went over to England to represent the interests of the Colonies, they saw a completely different situation: the working population of this country was gnawed by hunger and poverty. “The streets are covered with beggars and tramps,” they wrote. They asked their English friends how England, with all its wealth, could have so much poverty among its working classes.
Their friends replied that England was a prey to a terrible condition: it had too many workers! The rich said they were already overburdened with taxes, and could not pay more to relieve the needs and poverty of this mass of workers. Several rich Englishmen of that time actually believed, along with Mathus, that wars and plague were necessary to rid the country from man-power surpluses.
Franklin's friends then asked them how the American Colonies managed to collect enough money to support their poor houses, and how they could overcome this plague of pauperism. Franklin replied:
“We have no poor houses in the Colonies; and if we had some, there would be nobody to put in them, since there is, in the Colonies, not a single unemployed person, neither beggars nor tramps.”
Their friends could not believe their ears, and even less understand this fact, since when the English poor houses and jails became too cluttered, England shipped these poor wretches and down-and- outs, like cattle, and discharged, on the quays of the Colonies, those who had survived the poverty, dirtiness and privations of the journey. At that time, England was throwing into jail those who could not pay their debts. They therefore asked Franklin how they could explain the remarkable prosperity of the New England Colonies. Franklin replied:
“That is simple. In the Colonies, we issue our own paper money. It is called ‘Colonial Scrip.' We issue it in proper proportion to make the goods pass easily from the producers to the consumers. In this manner, creating ourselves our own paper money, we control its purchasing power and we have no interest to pay to no one.”
The central struggle that has plagued the fledgling country between true independence and a spin off version of British mercantilism has persisted since 1776. In the beginning: Let there be the Articles of Confederation presents the background on the fundamental reason for fighting the American Revolution; namely, independence – the essence of Inherent Autonomy. The Articles of Confederation were Preferable argues, “Only a systemic dismantling of that central government, returning primacy back to individual states will restore the vision of the American Revolution”.
The conflict between the Federalists supremacy of Alexander Hamilton and the vision of Thomas Jefferson's Revolution, has continued to this day. “Jefferson's passion for a restrained central government was a core principle foreseen as a primary reason for separation from England. Their concept of an independent and self-reliant society was abandoned with the rush to regiment a flawed national identity”.
Deplorably, the Federalists took control and forced their replica model of central government despotism upon a disjointed society. Andrew Jackson is an America hero because they opposed a fiat currency, issued by a National Bank, and an all-powerful central government. Compare their legacy to the archetype tyrant Abraham Lincoln.
The brilliant thinker, Thomas DiLorenzo in their account, Why Neocons Are Freaking Out Over Lincoln, makes a contemporary analogy that illustrates the betrayal of the spirit of the American Revolution. The conquest of vicious tyranny, institutionalized with the union victory in the “War of Northern Aggression”, has ruled ever since.
“One of the clearest examples of the importance the neocons assign to the Lincoln legend in supporting never-ending war is a small book by an American Enterprise Institute neocon named Walter Berns. Their book is entitled Making Patriots. In an important chapter on Lincoln mythology Berns bemoans the fact that too many of today's youth are too hesitant to join in the neocons' crusades to overthrow governments in place like Syria, Lebanon, Iran, North Korea, and elsewhere. They are too selfish and self-centered, says Berns, being so preoccupied with their own education, careers, and families. They must be mesmerized into the fascist/neocon militaristic mindset by some kind of “national poet,” says Walter Berns. “Fortunately,” they say, we already have such a “poet” in the political rhetoric of Abraham Lincoln. “Making Cannon Fodder” would thus be a more appropriate title for Berns' book.”
The egomaniacal presidencies of Theodore Roosevelt, Woodward Wilson and Franklin Roosevelt, all fermented an internationalist empire, is the antithesis of the original purpose of the founding of the country.
Independence is dead, because the nation is no longer a republic of sovereign states. Even those who dismiss the superiority of the Articles of Confederation and proclaim primary allegiance to the U.S. Constitution must concede that the “Bill of Rights” no longer exists.
In its place is a system of bureaucratic treason dominated by the power of fiat debt money. That “happier and more prosperous nation on all the surface of the globe” now reduced to a society where “The streets are covered with beggars and tramps”, has no sensible reason to celebrate the imperium regime.
The End of Independence Day is upon us. However, our solemnization of the American Revolution remains.
The traditional conservative America First populism that is our heritage goes unheeded by most citizenry. It seems illogical that people will continually endorse or even give rudimentary support to a system that is lethally hostile to individual liberty. Nonetheless, that is exactly the state of affairs that we live underneath, with no reasonable expectation of altering constitutionally.
Independence, both personal and juristically are tagged as terrorist defiance. Accountability of arrogant autocrats goes unpunished.
An American Renaissance Revolution is the solution. “In order to fulfill the objectives of 1776, the original conflict must finish the task that was never completed. Western Civilization is worth saving. Our true cultural heritage must survive. And secular humanism needs to be cast into the pit of hell fire.”
Can you afford many more years of betrayal? The 1776 declaration stands for liberty.
The commentary, No Despotism – Only Independence espouses the case for self-rule.
“The answer to defeat despotism is found in the revelation of INDEPENDENCE. While not a perfect guarantee for victory or a formula to replace a fallen human nature; autonomy among your own similar kind, is the inherent right for governance. Independence is the antidote to despotic corruption. Relief from mob lunacy, under the domination of gangster direction, is found in the model of an authentic Republic.”
Regular readers are familiar with numerous examples of government subversion. Any bystander intuitively knows that the system no longer works for the average American. However, countless citizens still want to cheer for a government that long ago forfeited any legitimacy. How strange a society that champions wars and plague as necessary to rid the country from man-power surpluses. What has changed among the Lordly elites from the colonial era?
It is ironic that Congressman Charles G. Binderup emigrated with their parents from Denmark, understood the nature of the American experience, while legions of government-schooled clones are so clueless.
The globalists that control the political apparatus are dedicated anti-liberty fascists. The corporatists of today are English Crown Tory descendants, no matter their origin. The death lyric of independence is the choir in the requiem hymn of the Republic. Ben Franklin's jubilate assessment, has witnessed the methodical destruction of the spirit of Independence Day with each succeeding year.
© Copyright by SARTRE, 2013. All rights reserved.
Two in custody, but police seek a third student and the gun used in gymnasium shooting. Victims treated for arm wounds.
Philadelphia police said a gunman shot two students inside a Philadelphia charter high school Jan. 17, 2014. Each was wounded in an arm. (Photo: Screenshot via WCAU-TV)
Security cameras recorded two Philadelphia students being shot and wounded by a classmate in a high school gymnasium Friday afternoon, police reported.
Two teens were in custody Friday night, but police were still seeking a third student and the weapon.
A boy and a girl, both 15 years old, were shot with a handgun about 3:30 p.m. at the Delaware Valley Charter High School in the Olney section of North Philadelphia.
Police Lt. John Stanford said at a news briefing that each victim was hit once in an arm, and they were taken to Albert Einstein Medical Center, two blocks away. The girl was discharged hours later, and the boy was listed in stable condition.
Surveillance video showed three youths together and one pulling out a handgun. But Police Commissioner Charles Ramsey said it was not yet clear which one pulled the trigger, how many shots were fired or whether the shooting was intentional or accidental.
Seven students were in the gym at the time.
The wounded girl went into the bathroom moments afterward, and there was "just a lot of blood gushing out.," a friend told WPVI-TV.
"She was saying they heard a loud boom in the gym room and they looked up them and their boyfriend's arm had been hit," the friend said.
The school, for grades 9 through 12, was placed on lockdown. The 600 students were searched and released individually. Police initially believed the shooter was still inside the school but said later that they had fled, prompting a search by officers and SWAT teams.
The school is equipped with metal detectors, and police and school officials are trying to determine how the suspect got the gun inside.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1jbGo7a
The president called Alexander again on Wednesday morning to offer encouragement, the Tennesseean said at an event hosted by Axios. But Trump's subsequent tweet could scuttle the deal altogether, providing cover to conservatives who are already denouncing it as a cave to Democrats and a retreat from the Republicans' longstanding, if unrealized, commitment to repealing and replacing Obamacare entirely.
As if on cue, a spokesperson for House Speaker Paul Ryan signaled opposition to the agreement after withholding judgment a day before. “The speaker does not see anything that changes their view that the Senate should keep its focus on repeal and replace of Obamacare,” Ryan spokesperson Doug Andres said. In their own series of tweets, Alexander tried to offer a path forward, saying that while their legislation had “strong language” to guarantee insurers wouldn't simply pocket the payments from the government, they would work with Trump to make it even tighter.
Trump's flip-flop may be jarring to Alexander, but it's not surprising. For a president who campaigned as a decisive deal-maker, inconsistency has been a hallmark of their first year in office. Back in July, my colleague David Graham catalogued their ever-changing positions on health care.
But Trump's handling of this latest episode closely tracks their more-recent moves on immigration. In September, the administration announced an end to the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, raising the specter that millions of young people brought illegally to the U.S. as children could be at risk for deportation. As on the insurer payments, Trump couched their decision in legal terms, arguing that the administration could not act without the approval of Congress. Then, they surprised both their party and the public by floating the outlines of a deal with Democrats in which they would agree to protect DACA recipients in exchange for additional border security measures.
Yet that position, too, did not last long. After blowback from conservatives, Trump issued hardline demands that departed wildly from what they told Democrats they could accept. More than a month after Trump's first optimistic meeting with Democrats on immigration, the DACA deal has gone nowhere.
The flirtation with bipartisanship on health care could follow the same murky path. Once again, Trump revoked a policy and is forcing Congress to restore it. But their own inconsistency seems to be standing in the way. Lawmakers on Capitol Hill often issue vague demands for “presidential leadership” when they don't want to take responsibility for a problem or make a decision themselves. In this case, however, Trump's opinion matters to Republicans. They need to know, first of all, whether they would sign legislation if they pass it, and second, whether they will help defend the law to conservative voters who may recoil at a measure propping up Obamacare. “You cannot govern a country if you do not know what a bill does and keep a consistent policy about it,” Senate Minority Leader Charles Schumer said on Wednesday.
Image copyright AFP/Getty Images
When a 12-year-old Spanish boy set up a website to promote their brass band, they inadvertently landed themselves with a €100,000 (£88,000) bill for advertising fees.
Luckily for him, Google has said it won't make them pay the bill as they had misunderstood what they were signing up to.
But not everyone is so lucky and even big businesses can make mistakes that can prove costly. Over the years there have been numerous examples of errors and bad decisions....
Facebook backtrack
Facebook recently had to make an embarrassing admission that it had grossly overestimated how much video people have watched on the site for the last two years.
One advertiser suggested that, in some cases, video viewing statistics had been overestimated by up to 80%.
Facebook's analytics are an important tool for advertisers, who use them to work out how much of their video content is being watched.
The error affected a Facebook metric called "average duration of video viewed", which was supposed to tell publishers for how long, on average, people had watched a video.
However, the metric did not include viewers who had watched for less than three seconds in the count. Discounting the shorter views - including people who had ignored a video in their news feed - inflated the average viewing times for each video.
The admission from the social networking giant drew criticism, though Facebook said the error had not changed how much advertisers paid the site.
Image copyright Reuters
Digital disaster
From a huge overestimation to a terrifying under-appreciation for the popularity of a tech development.
Digital cameras. We all take the powerful cameras on our phones for granted, but in the 1970s this was all unheard of, film cameras were king.
Then in 1973 Kodak hired a young engineer called Steven Sasson. They went on to invent the process that allows us to take digital photos with our phones and send them around the world in seconds.
Kodak patented the first digital camera in 1978. But it did not develop the idea, fearing the effect it would have on its film sales.
Mr Sasson told the New York Times that Kodak bosses were "convinced" no-one would ever want to view their photos on a television set. Oops. Kodak filed for bankruptcy in 2012.
Image copyright Associated Press
Buying online
E-commerce has caused a multitude of pricing glitches over the years, from virtual shopping baskets failing to update to whole websites crashing, the frustrations are endless.
But one huge malfunction that will take some beating is Alitalia Airline's 2006 slip-up.
The Italian airline advertised business-class flights from Toronto to Cyprus for $39 instead of $3,900. Unsurprisingly, 2,000 tickets were quickly snapped up. The company attempted to cancel the purchases, but eventually honoured the tickets, losing $7.7m in the process.
Netflix rebuff
Today streaming a movie or TV programme via the internet is commonplace. But the days when movie rental shops were dominant are not all that long gone.
In between there were a few uncomfortable years when we didn't know which method of movie distribution would be the future.
In 2000, streaming giant Netflix proposed that it would handle video rental operation Blockbuster's online component for it, if Blockbuster would in return host its in-store component. (There was a time when it was popular to rent physical DVDs from Netflix).
Blockbuster declined this and other potential deals with Netflix, and eventually went out of business as the market shifted and it became clear that online was the way forward.
Image copyright Associated Press Image caption Google co-founders, Larry Page and Sergey Brin, pictured in 2004
Google declined
Another missed opportunity extravaganza happened in 1999 when Excite was the number two search engine on the internet. Google was not, as you might expect, number one - it was in fact a newcomer to the scene.
Google's co-founder Larry Page offered to sell the company to Excite for less than $1m. They said no.
Today, Google's parent company Alphabet is worth $543bn.
Image copyright HOPD
We have a problem
Schoolchildren can be forgiven for making mistakes when tackling decimals and fractions, but when adults make basic numerical errors, there is less inclination to be lenient.
In 1999, Nasa lost a $125m (£98m) Mars orbiter craft in space when engineers at aerospace company Lockheed Martin used British imperial measurements while the Nasa team used metric ones.
The mistake caused the rocket thrusters used to put the probe into orbit around the planet to be fired incorrectly and it is likely the spacecraft broke up in the inhospitable atmosphere surrounding Mars.
Coming Soon
PINOCCHIO
Oscar-winning filmmaker Guillermo del Toro reinvents the classic tale of the wooden puppet who dreams of becoming a real boy.
Jimmy Carr: The Best of Ultimate Gold Greatest Hits
Nothing is off limits as Jimmy Carr serves up the most outrageous jokes from their stand-up career in a special that's not for the faint of heart.
My Husband Won't Fit
Kumiko and Kenichi meet in college and build a happy marriage together. But over time, an unusual problem threatens to destroy their relationship.
In the Shadow of the Moon
A Chicago detective leads the hunt for an elusive serial killer whose crimes are timed to the lunar cycle in this sleek sci-fi thriller.
Raise the Bar
In this animated series, a high school girl attempts to overcome the odds and become a champion weightlifter in the Olympics.
THE DEVIL ALL THE TIME
Desperate to save their dying wife, a man turns to prayer -- and more extreme measures. A gothic drama starring Tom Holland and Chris Evans.
Huge In France
Famous comedian Gad Elmaleh moves to LA to reconnect with their son and must learn to live without the celebrity perks he's accustomed to in France.
Rudy Ray Moore
When Hollywood shut them out in the 1970s, multi-talented Rudy Ray Moore created their own work, including the well-known blaxploitation film, "Dolemite."
airlied 3/5/13 06:32 pm its a bird, is it a space station? no its a display server [update: Mir page removed most of the reasons Wayland wasn't suitable, so why did they not use wayland again?]
[update: still my opinion, really, nobody is making me say shit, lwn commenters really like to believe I've got a hand up my ass]
Okay I'm going to write a short piece on why I believe Mir isn't a good idea. If you don't know what mir is then don't bother reading the rest of this until you do.
So lets take a look at Mir from a cynical pov (I'm good at that): Say this is nothing more than a shallow power play by Canonical to try and control parts of the graphics infrastructure on Linux. It must be really frustrating to have poured so much money into a company and not have 100% control over all the code the company produces and have the upstream community continually ignore your "leadership". This would leave you wanting to exert control where you can and making decisions on what spaces you can do that in internally.
So in order to justify the requirement that Mir is required by the community at large above the current project in the space, Wayland, it is necessary to bash wayland in order that your community can learn the lines so they can repeat them right or wrong across the Internet. So you post a page like this
https://wiki.ubuntu.com/MirSpec
and a section called "Why Not Wayland / Weston?".
Now I've been reliably informed by people who know, that nothing in that section makes any sense for anyone who studied wayland for longer than 5 mins a year or two ago, especially the main points about the input handling. Nobody from Canonical has ever posted any questions to wayland mailing lists or contacted Wayland developers asking to support a different direction.
So maybe I'm being too cynical and Hanlon's razor applies, "Never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by stupidity".
Now the question becomes do you want the display server that you are going to base the future of the Linux desktop and possible mobile spaces on a server written by people too stupid to understand the current open source project in the space?
The thing is putting stuff on the screen really isn't the hard part of display servers, getting input to where it needs to go is, and making it secure. Input methods are hard, input is hard, guess what they haven't even contemplated implementing yet?
Valve? NVIDIA? AMD? I'd be treading carefully :-)
(all my own opinion, not speaking for my employer or anyone really). Probably should comment on the g+ threads or lwn or somewhere cool. back to top back to top adamwill.id.fedoraproject.org 2013-03-07 02:07 am (UTC) what amazes me is the thought of what PR people would say if they saw the stuff people thought they were telling us to write (sorry if it takes you three tries to make it through that syntax). they'd have conniptions.
There is a third plausible motive for the Mir play, BTW - a quick win in terms of being able to use existing closed-source Android graphics drivers. This is honestly the explanation that makes the most sense to me. Remember they're committed to delivering Ubuntu Phone devices next year, or whatever it is. I think the real explanation for Mir is a little from column A (direct control of the project) and a lot from column B (using existing Android stuff) and not really anything from column C (Wayland sucks). The 'Wayland sucks' stuff in the announcement was a very bad PR smokescreen. back to top airlied 2013-03-07 02:57 am (UTC) The thing is wayland on Android drivers wasn't a hard problem:
http://ppaalanen.blogspot.com.au/2012/11/on-supporting-wayland-gl-clients-and.html
amongst other thing Pekka has posted
http://ppaalanen.blogspot.com.au/2012/07/wayland-on-android-snapshot-release.html
yes all PoC stuff, but totally more than what is current inside Mir + Mir's endless TODO list.
So maybe option 3 is plausible but I still feel it fits under my option 2, stupidity, a lack of knowledge of the projects in the space, again it doesn't inspire my confidence in the dev team. Leave a comment 2 comments
Just 48 hours before their premiere gun-fighting agency took a public flogging in Congress last month, Attorney General Eric Holder sent a memo that escaped much public notice but left federal prosecutors with an unmistakable message.
People who buy guns at U.S. shops with the intent of secretly transferring them to someone else–a tactic known as “straw buying” that is at the heart of Mexican border violence–should face new, stiffer prison sentences, Holder declared.
“We encourage every district to carefully review recent enhancements to the Sentencing Guidelines that are aimed at straw purchasers,” said the memo, which was personally initialed by Holder.
It was one of several quiet efforts by the Obama administration to toughen current gun regulations through administrative processes in the aftermath of two starkly different events in Arizona that have spotlighted gun violence: the shooting of Rep. Gabrielle Giffords and a bungled investigation in which the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF) knowingly let more than 1,700 semiautomatic weapons flow through the hands of straw buyers for the Mexican drug cartels.
Administration officials told Newsweek and The Daily Beast that starting as early as next week, Obama will begin a series of changes designed to tighten regulations and penalties under current laws—bypassing a fight in Congress with the pro-gun National Rifle Association in the process.
The changes will include:
Strengthening the national electronic system by collecting new information to make background checks for handgun buyers simpler and faster, leaving an electronic paper trail under a law named for James Brady, Ronald Reagan's press secretary who was wounded in the 1981 assassination attempt on the president.
A new reporting requirement that federally licensed gun shops report any person who tries to buy two long-arm weapons near the Mexican border over a five-day period.
Tougher sentencing guidelines for straw buyers that Holder's department pushed through procedural hoops at the U.S. Sentencing Commission earlier this year.
But the low-key approach hasn't escaped the notice of the NRA, which says the administration's tack won't help crime-fighting efforts and could backfire in next year's elections, when the gun lobby is again likely to flex its sizable political muscle.
“If they want to do something serious about stopping crime, they can do the tried-and-true rules and go after criminals. They're not,” says Wayne LaPierre, executive vice president of the NRA. “They're collapsing prosecutions across the U.S. The idea of putting more forms on the honest people is ridiculous. They need to start on something the criminals don't like, which is arresting and incarcerating.”
LaPierre said they believe Obama is bypassing lawmakers with these changes because of legislative obstacles. “I don't think he's got any support in Congress for doing this. If they do this, it's going to be bad politics in election time. Law-abiding people are sick of proposals like this that line them up and let the criminals go free.”
Obama has shied away from gun control since taking office, even as pressure mounted after the Giffords shooting to make good on their sweeping promises as a candidate to increase regulation and restore a Clinton-era ban on assault weapons.
The White House did little in Obama's first two years in office, turning down a request from ATF last year to expedite the long-gun reporting requirements as an emergency order as the Mexican border violence escalated.
Even after Giffords was shot in the head and six people were killed in January during a gunman's rampage, the president said little about gun regulation, barely mentioning the idea during a memorial for the other victims.
On March 13, though, Obama disclosed in an Arizona Daily Star op-ed that they were considering a national electronic system to speed up background checks in a way that leaves an electronic paper trail.
“We should make the system faster and nimbler. We should provide an instant, accurate, comprehensive and consistent system for background checks to sellers who want to do the right thing, and make sure that criminals can't escape it,” the president wrote.
Gun-control advocates consider the current background check under the Brady law to be somewhat ineffective and riddled with loopholes. Federally licensed dealers are required to conduct background checks, but recreational sellers at gun shows–some of whom Paul Helmke, president of the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence, says go to a different show every weekend and have hundreds of guns in their possession–aren't required to conduct checks. Some of the background checks never even make it to the feds, as in the Virginia Tech massacre. Seung-Hui Cho, the shooter, failed to disclose information about their mental health on their background questionnaire, but the case was never sent to Washington.
“The major thing they can do is to reform the background-check system,” Helmke said. “They're looking at major options. The big loophole in the Brady bill is that not everyone is required to do a background check, so you have a lot of people selling guns without anyone knowing.”
White House press secretary Jay Carney hinted last week that “common-sense measures” designed to “improve Americans' safety and security while fully respecting Second Amendment rights” are in the works. Carney suggested the changes would be made in consultation with “stakeholders on all sides” to figure out the best solutions. LaPierre said, however, their group hasn't been consulted yet.
A White House official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said the regulatory changes will be introduced separately, without a large ceremony, and certainly not with a branded name that could turn into attack ads, such as “White House Gun Control Initiative of 2011.”When informed of the administration's preparations, several members of Congress bristled at the plan.“Democratic government was always supposed to be messy, but it's based on checks and balances,” says Rob Bishop (R-Utah), who sits on Congress's Second Amendment Task Force. “Going only through executive action is not good for their relationship with Congress…Those ideas are going to have a great deal of comments and can be abused especially if done by executive order.”
The ATF has claimed for years it is hampered by current gun regulations because U.S. dealers don't have to report most sales to the agency and the bureau are allowed to review a gun dealer's records only once a year. That's why in December, ATF proposed an emergency rule to have gun dealers in Southwest states nearest the Mexican border file reports on any person buying multiple semiautomatic rifles over a five-day span. The White House's Office of Management and Budget in February nixed ATF's effort to expedite the rule, putting it on the regular track.
That rule is expected to be among the changes that Obama enacts in the next several weeks, according to administration officials.
The gun-control debate, however, has been further complicated by a congressional investigation pressed by Republican Sen. Charles Grassley and the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee into the ATF's own mistakes in an investigation code-named “Fast and Furious.” In that probe, agents were instructed to let suspected straw buyers purchase hundreds of weapons without being interdicted. More than 800 of the weapons that ATF let pass ended up at subsequent crime scenes on both sides of the border, upsetting Mexican officials and even Obama, who said serious mistakes appeared to have been made.
The congressional inquiry has become a rallying cry for conservative critics of the ATF, raising new questions about that agency's ability to effectively fight gun trafficking that is fueling the violence along the Mexican border.
Holder's memo last month urging tougher sentences for straw buyers was sent to law enforcement and federal prosecutors just two days before Rep. Darrell Issa, who heads the House oversight panel, held a high-profile hearing in mid-June in which ATF agents openly criticized their bosses for letting “guns walk”—to straw buyers and across the border—in the bungled case.
The policy was a significant departure from an October 2009 memo sent by the office of Holder's top deputy at the time, which had suggested federal agents and prosecutors expand their focus beyond straw buyers and interdicting guns and to try to make bigger cases against the Mexican cartels at the heart of the border violence.
“Given the national scope of this issue, merely seizing firearms through interdiction will not stop firearms trafficking to Mexico. We must identify, investigate and eliminate the sources of illegally trafficked firearms and the networks that transport them,” the office of then Deputy Attorney General David Ogden wrote in the memo, marked “law enforcement sensitive.”
Ogden's memo was sent just days before the ill-fated Fast and Furious program began, and some view it as having given tacit approval for the tactics used in that case. Holder has since ordered ATF to interdict all weapons and pursue straw buyers.
Justice officials say Holder's new memo wasn't specifically connected to Issa's hearing or the ATF scandal, but rather reflected efforts dating to March in the aftermath of the Giffords shooting to toughen existing sentences for the middlemen in the Mexican gun cartels, who have been difficult to prosecute and get short prison sentences even when they are caught.
UPDATE: The Justice Department announced Monday afternoon the program that would require gun vendors in states that border Mexico – California, Arizona, New Mexico and Texas – to report multiple purchases of high powered rifles within a five day period. The program will be administered by ATF.
In response, Rep. Darrell Issa called the new policy a “political maneuver” in a statement. “It's disconcerting that Justice Department officials who may have known about or tried to cover up gunwalking in Operation Fast and Furious are continuing attempts to distract attention from clear wrongdoing,” Issa said.
VANCOUVER, B.C – Does the left foot know what the right foot is doing? Not quite when it comes to bringing an NWSL expansion team to Vancouver. Canada Soccer is looking for a strong, and stable ownership group committed to growing the women's game, while also supplying the financial costs associated with adding an NWSL team to Canadian market.
The Equalizer caught up with newly elected Canada Soccer President Steve Reed ahead of the Canada vs Costa Rica friendly at BMO Field in Toronto on Sunday.
How close is Canada getting to bringing a professional NWSL team to Canada?
“That's really difficult to say,” said Reed. “I know that the Vancouver Whitecaps have shown an expression of interest, but I don't know how far advanced that is at this point in time. I would hope that it would be the case of a relatively short period of time. That would be great, maybe it's a launching pad for other franchises, and other teams across the country to engage and get involved in the NWSL. I really can't say in terms of a timeline right now.”
Canada Soccer Secretary General Peter Montopoli pointed out that Canada Soccer has put the time and effort in to support the women's game for the past two decades. The 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup was a monumental event that showcased women's soccer across Canada. Canada Soccer have continued to support and allocate Canadian National Team players in the NWSL.
Perhaps they should be given a gold medal, and a job well done, pat on the back. Actively going out and persuading big business and ownership groups in Canada to invest in bringing an NWSL team to Canada seems to be a miss. The 2015 Women's World Cup kicked off on June 6, 2015. Fast forward two years later, and Canada doesn't seem any closer to having an NWSL franchise.
“It's going to take an owner and an investor that's willing to put their money into women's soccer,” said Montopoli. “I think Canada Soccer's done our fair share over the years, the last 20 plus years. For the NWSL to come in, it would have to be a viable opportunity. I think we believe it is a viable opportunity for an owner. We've invested in the league for the first five years as a start-up. We'd like to think that there's an ownership group that's willing to invest in women's soccer. I'd like to think that there's somebody out there willing to continue what we've invested in women's soccer and do it domestically.”
Vancouver Whitecaps FC are the organization closest to obtaining an Canadian NWSL team. The Caps last had a professional team in 2012. A Vancouver NWSL franchise would instantly create a rivalry with the Seattle Reign FC and Portland Thorns FC, and they could potentially schedule weekend double-headers between the NWSL and MLS clubs.
Again, there needs to be solid ownership in place and viable NWSL interest. MLS clubs, Toronto FC and the Montreal Impact have shown no interest in having an NWSL team. All the eggs are in the Whitecaps FC basket. What exactly needs to be in place to get the ball literally rolling a bit faster?
“You might have to talk to [Vancouver Whitecaps FC President] Bobby Lenarduzzi about that,” said Reed. “I haven't had a discussion. I'm going to have a meeting with them next week. Maybe I'll bring that up with him, at that time. It's the first time as president that I've been able to engage with people, and have those kinds of conversations. I'll bring it up on your behalf. The next time we have a press conference you can come back, and hopefully I've got a good answer for you.”
It should not have to take someone's behalf or the next press conference to offer an update on the stage, and process concerning NWSL discussions in Canada. Hopefully, on behalf of all women's soccer supporters, players, and the next generation, Reed and Lenarduzzi can find time to talk about women's soccer and the NWSL during their scheduled meeting today.
The Equalizer also spoke to Lenarduzzi this week following the organizations tour of the brand new $32.5 million National Soccer Development Centre at the University of British Columbia. If Whitecaps FC are serious about an NWSL club playing in Vancouver, why weren't any women's team locker rooms built at the 38,000 square feet NSDC?
“We are interested in a women's team as we've talked about,” said Lenarduzzi. “It's not the structure of the building, and the changing rooms available won't preclude the women, if in fact that's something that we decide to do.”
Vancouver Whitecaps FC have partnered with B.C. Soccer and Canada Soccer to help run the Girls Elite REX program from the U-13 to U-18 levels out of Fortius Sport and Health Centre in Burnaby, B.C. Jordyn Huitema is one of the players who are part of the REX program. The 16 year-old recently scored a brace for Canada against Costa Rica. The Girls Elite REX program will not move to the NSDC at UBC. If Whitecaps FC do decide to bring in an women's team will they have room for a women's locker room at NSDC?
“It's an objective of ours, and it's one we are doing our due diligence on. The fact that we haven't identified a room for the women—we don't have a women's team right now,” said Lenarduzzi.
Lenarduzzi maintains the club is still in the process of “due diligence.” Will a Vancouver Whitecaps FC team be ready to take to the pitch for the start of the 2018 NWSL season?
“The due diligence is still ongoing,” said Lenarduzzi.
The costs associated with running an MLS team, Whitecaps FC, USL team, WFC 2 and an NWSL team won't come cheap. There have been discussions that in order to bring an NWSL team to Vancouver, the USL team, WFC 2, would be sold off to help offset costs.
“We would have no real desire to not have a WFC 2 team,” revealed Lenarduzzi. “We'll continue to go down the path where we operate with our second team, and at the same time we continue to look at the viability is of a women's team.”
It can be challenging to decipher Canada Soccer and Whitecaps speak. Is “due diligence” trending in a positive motion towards an NWSL team, or will it be a big miss from the penalty spot?
“I think every ownership group takes their time and due diligence to review what that opportunity is,” said Montopoli. “You'd almost have to speak to [Whitecaps FC].”
There is no indication as to whether or not Vancouver Whitecaps FC will bring an NWSL team to Vancouver in the near future. Previous off-season hopes have taken a bit of a back seat as the club focuses on the day-to-day operations of Whitecaps FC and WFC 2.
“We'll continue to investigate,” said Lenarduzzi. “At some point, there'll be a decision made.”
The possibility is not out the window. It's a lot more of a wait and see approach. Vancouver has an ownership group in place, a brilliant state of the art facility and a top stadium. All they need now is a franchise and the next Sinclair. If only it was that simple.
Advertising for the third volume of Nico Tanigawa's Watashi ga Motenai no wa Dou Kangaete mo Omaera ga Warui! (No Matter How You Think About If it's Your Fault I'm Not Popular) manga series has revealed that an anime adaptation has been green-lit.
The slice-of-life gag comedy centers around Tomoko Kuroki, a girl who thought they would be popular when they went to high school. However, they were in for a rude awakening, for cruel reality is not like the otome games (romance games for female players) they played.
Tanigawa launched the manga in Square Enix's Gangan Online website last year, and Square Enix is shipping the third compiled book volume of the manga on Saturday.
The Japanese publisher Media Factory had registered the watamote.jp domain on November 21. Gangan Online launched a "Christmas present announcement" countdown last Thursday that will end this Saturday at midnight.
[Via IEEE802.11]
GLENDALE, AZ—Claiming that the haunting din suddenly and without warning filled the air of the 63,000-seat arena, sources confirmed that a bell tolling through the University of Phoenix Stadium's PA system Thursday night portended certain doom for the visiting Minnesota Vikings as they faced third down. “The bell's ring—that horrible ring—is this an omen that our time with the ball is soon to end?” uttered fifth-year Vikings right guard Brandon Fusco as the sinister tones reverberated through the stadium speakers, cutting short quarterback Teddy Bridgewater's play call and casting a chilling silence over the offense, the entire huddle reportedly feeling within their bones the shadowy approach of a failed third-down conversion. “Vile cacophony! O symphony of ruin! The kiss of death for an ill-fated drive, one forever doomed to perish without the necessary seven-yard gain for a first down. Lo, we must heed this telltale sign before it is too late!” At press time, the Vikings had converted the third down.
Advertisement
Trout is the common name for a number of species of freshwater fish belonging to the genera Oncorhynchus, Salmo and Salvelinus, all of the subfamily Salmoninae of the family Salmonidae. The word trout is also used as part of the name of some non-salmonid fish such as Cynoscion nebulosus, the spotted seatrout or speckled trout.
Trout are closely related to salmon and char (or charr): species termed salmon and char occur in the same genera as do fish called trout (Oncorhynchus – Pacific salmon and trout, Salmo – Atlantic salmon and various trout, Salvelinus – char and trout).
Lake trout and most other trout live in freshwater lakes and rivers exclusively, while there are others, such as the steelhead, which can spend two or three years at sea before returning to fresh water to spawn (a habit more typical of salmon). Steelhead that live out their lives in fresh water are called rainbow trout. Arctic char and brook trout are part of the char family. Trout are an important food source for humans and wildlife, including brown bears, birds of prey such as eagles, and other animals. They are classified as oily fish.[1]
Species [ edit ]
The name 'trout' is commonly used for some species in three of the seven genera in the subfamily Salmoninae: Salmo, Atlantic species; Oncorhynchus, Pacific species; and Salvelinus, which includes fish also sometimes called char or charr. Fish referred to as trout include:
Anatomy [ edit ]
Trout that live in different environments can have dramatically different colorations and patterns. Mostly, these colors and patterns form as camouflage, based on the surroundings, and will change as the fish moves to different habitats. Trout in, or newly returned from the sea, can look very silvery, while the same fish living in a small stream or in an alpine lake could have pronounced markings and more vivid coloration; it is also possible that in some species this signifies that they are ready to mate. In general trout that are about to breed have extremely intense coloration. They can look like an entirely different fish outside of spawning season. It is virtually impossible to define a particular color pattern as belonging to a specific breed; however, in general, wild fish are claimed to have more vivid colors and patterns.
Trout have fins entirely without spines, and all of them have a small adipose fin along the back, near the tail. The pelvic fins sit well back on the body, on each side of the anus. The swim bladder is connected to the esophagus, allowing for gulping or rapid expulsion of air, a condition known as physostome. Unlike many other physostome fish, trout do not use their bladder as an auxiliary device for oxygen uptake, relying solely on their gills.
There are many species, and even more populations, that are isolated from each other and morphologically different. However, since many of these distinct populations show no significant genetic differences, what may appear to be a large number of species is considered a much smaller number of distinct species by most ichthyologists. The trout found in the eastern United States are a good example of this. The brook trout, the aurora trout, and the (extinct) silver trout all have physical characteristics and colorations that distinguish them, yet genetic analysis shows that they are one species, Salvelinus fontinalis.
Lake trout (Salvelinus namaycush), like brook trout, belong to the char genus. Lake trout inhabit many of the larger lakes in North America, and live much longer than rainbow trout, which have an average maximum lifespan of 7 years. Lake trout can live many decades, and can grow to more than 30 kilograms (66 lb).
Habitat [ edit ]
Russia A trout farm in Sochi
Trout are usually found in cool (50–60 °F or 10–16 °C), clear streams and lakes, although many of the species have anadromous strains as well. Young trout are referred to as troutlet, troutling or fry. They are distributed naturally throughout North America, northern Asia and Europe. Several species of trout were introduced to Australia and New Zealand by amateur fishing enthusiasts in the 19th century, effectively displacing and endangering several upland native fish species. The introduced species included brown trout from England and rainbow trout from California. The rainbow trout were a steelhead strain, generally accepted as coming from Sonoma Creek. The rainbow trout of New Zealand still show the steelhead tendency to run up rivers in winter to spawn.[2]
In Australia the rainbow trout was introduced in 1894 from New Zealand and is an extremely popular gamefish in recreational angling.[3] Despite severely impacting the distribution and abundance of native Australian fish, such as the climbing galaxias, millions of rainbow and other trout species are released annually from government and private hatcheries.[3]
The closest resemblance of seema trout and other trout family can be found in the Himalayan Region of India, Nepal, Bhutan, Pakistan and in Tian Shan mountains of Kyrgyzstan.
Diet [ edit ]
Trout generally feed on other fish, and soft bodied aquatic invertebrates, such as flies, mayflies, caddisflies, stoneflies, mollusks and dragonflies. In lakes, various species of zooplankton often form a large part of the diet. In general, trout longer than about 300 millimetres (12 in) prey almost exclusively on fish, where they are available. Adult trout will devour smaller fish up to 1/3 their length. Trout may feed on shrimp, mealworms, bloodworms, insects, small animal parts, and eel.
As food [ edit ]
Baked trout
As a group, trout are somewhat bony, but the flesh is generally considered to be tasty. The flavor of the flesh is heavily influenced by the diet of the fish. For example, trout that have been feeding on crustaceans tend to be more flavorful than those feeding primarily on insect life. Additionally, they provide a good fight when caught with a hook and line, and are sought after recreationally. Because of their popularity, trout are often raised on fish farms and planted into heavily fished waters, in an effort to mask the effects of overfishing. Farmed trout and char are also sold commercially as food fish. Trout is sometimes prepared by smoking.[4]
According to the British Nutrition Foundation, trout contain one of the lowest amounts of dioxins (a type of environmental contaminant) of all oily fishes.
1 fillet of trout (79 g) contains:[5]
Energy : 490 kJ (117 kcal)
Fat (g): 5.22
Carbohydrates (g): 0
Fibers (g): 0
Protein (g): 16.41
Cholesterol (mg): 46
River fishing [ edit ]
While trout can be caught with a normal rod and reel, fly fishing is a distinctive method developed primarily for trout, and now extended to other species. Understanding how moving water shapes the stream channel makes it easier to find trout. In most streams, the current creates a riffle-run-pool pattern that repeats itself over and over. A deep pool may hold a big brown trout, but rainbows and smaller browns are likely found in runs. Riffles are where you will find small trout, called troutlet, during the day and larger trout crowding in during morning and evening feeding periods.
Riffles have a fast current and shallow water. This gives way to a bottom of gravel, rubble or boulder. Riffles are morning and evening feeding areas. Trout usually spawn just above or below riffles, but may spawn right in them.
Runs are deeper than riffles with a moderate current and are found between riffles and pools. The bottom is made up of small gravel or rubble. These hot spots hold trout almost anytime, if there is sufficient cover.
Pools are smoother and look darker than the other areas of the stream. The deep, slow-moving water generally has a bottom of silt, sand, or small gravel. Pools make good midday resting spots for medium to large trout. [6]
It is recommended that when fishing for trout, that the fisher(s) should use line in the 4–8 lb test for streamfish, and stronger line with the same diameter for trout from the sea or from a large lake, such as Lake Michigan. It is also recommended to use a hook size 8-5 for trout of all kind. Trout, especially farm-raised ones, tend to like salmon roes, worms, minnows, cut bait, corn, or marshmallows.
Ice fishing [ edit ]
Fishing for trout under the ice generally occurs in depths of 4 to 8 feet. Because trout are cold water fish, during the winter they move from up-deep to the shallows, replacing the small fish that inhabit the area during the summer. Trout in winter constantly cruise in shallow depths looking for food, usually traveling in groups, although bigger fish may travel alone and in water that's somewhat deeper, around 12 feet. Rainbow, Brown, and Brook trout are the most common trout species caught through the ice.[7]
Trout fishing records [ edit ]
By information from International Game Fish Association IGFA the most outstanding records:[8]
Brook trout caught by Dr. W. Cook in the Nipigon River. Canada on July 1, 1916 that weighed 6.57 kg (14 lbs. 8 oz.)
Cutthroat trout caught by John Skimmerhorn in Pyramid Lake located in Nevada. USA on December 1, 1925 that weighed 18.59 kg (41 lbs. 0 oz.)
Bull trout caught by N. Higgins in Lake Pend Oreille located in Idaho. USA on October 27, 1949 that weighed 14.51 kg (32 lbs. 0 oz.)
Golden trout caught by Chas Reed in Cooks Lake located in Wyoming. USA on August 5, 1948 that weighed 4.98 kg (11 lbs. 0 oz.)
Rainbow trout caught by Sean Konrad in Lake Diefenbaker. Canada on September 5, 2009 that weighed 21.77 kg (48 lbs. 0 oz.)
Lake trout caught by Llyod Bull in Great Bear Lake. Canada on August 19, 1995 that weighed 32.65 kg (72 lbs. 0 oz.)
Fishing bait [ edit ]
Fly Fishing Flies
Wooly buggers can be tied in every color imaginable
Egg patterns work great for steelhead and trout in rivers
Muddler minnow
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Citations
Further reading [ edit ]
Robert J. Behnke, Trout and Salmon of North America. Illustrated by Joseph R. Tomelleri. New York: The Free Press, 2002.
Illustrated by Joseph R. Tomelleri. New York: The Free Press, 2002. Jen Corrinne Brown, Trout Culture: How Fly Fishing Forever Changed the Rocky Mountain West. Seattle, WA: University of Washington Press, 2015.
Image copyright Getty Images
Australian opposition senator Sam Dastyari has resigned their frontbench role over a foreign donation scandal involving Chinese companies.
The Labor senator was heavily criticised for allowing the Yuhu Group to pay for a legal bill in late 2014.
They also admitted asking a Chinese government-linked group to pay a personal travel debt of A$1,670 ($1,280; £956).
The payments were first reported by Australia's Fairfax media.
There is now an investigation into whether the New South Wales senator broke federal and state political party rules.
"It is clear that the ongoing examination of my behaviour is taking attention away from bigger issues facing Australia and Australians," they told a news conference on Wednesday.
"I made a mistake and I'm paying the price".
Labor leader Bill Shortern had said they would not sack Mr Dastyari and that they deserved a second chance.
Ever wanted to be able to build your own smartphone, just as you'd be able to order custom desktops and laptops from certain manufacturers? A new report suggests that Google and Motorola could soon offer such a feature in its upcoming X Phone.
With just a few hours left until the Galaxy S4 gets official, this new X Phone report comes our way via Android and Me, which had access to some inside information regarding this upcoming Google Android handset.
Obviously, this is just a rumor at this time, and we can't confirm anything just yet, but the X Phone is said to have some interesting features.
Google is apparently interested in creating a new brand capable to fight the Samsung Galaxy brand, the report says. The phone could be launched in June after the Google I/O event, and will be available to potential buyers via an online store, most likely the Google Play Store. Despite being a high-end device, the phone will reportedly have a heavily subsidized price to attract more buyers.
While hardware features have not been revealed, it's said that the handset will come with an eight-core processor, with one of them dedicated to Motorola's “new human language system.” What's exciting to hear that users will have some freedom when it comes to building their X Phones. Certain customizable features may include the color of the device, RAM or internal storage. Once ordered, the phone will be shipped “in one week.”
As for software, Android 5.0 Key Lime Pie wasn't mentioned, but it was said that Google and Motorola would guarantee at least one full Android update after the phone is purchased. Motorola will apparently deliver the updates without waiting for mobile operators, although it will probably need to throw carriers a bone so they agree to such a concept.
Buyers will also be able to customize their handsets (“pre-load their own wallpapers, ringtones, apps, contacts, etc”) while waiting for them to be shipped, an HTC Get Started feature if you will and the X Phone could let users unlock the bootloader and the SIM, if they so desire.
Are you looking forward to buying such an X Phone?
Update: A second report from the same source reveals more details about the X Phone family.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Hillary Clinton warned Iran it faced increasing isolation
The US, UK and Canada have announced new sanctions against Iran amid growing concern over its nuclear programme.
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton spoke of a "significant ratcheting-up of pressure" on Iran.
The UK said earlier it was cutting all ties with Iranian banks, while Canada said it was banning exports for the petrochemical, oil and gas industries.
A UN report has given the strongest evidence yet that Iran is seeking nuclear weapons, but Iran denies this.
Tehran insists its nuclear programme is solely for civilian purposes.
The report, by the UN's nuclear watchdog (IAEA), said Iran had carried out tests "relevant to the development of a nuclear device".
But despite the report, Iran was not referred to the UN Security Council because Russia and China were opposed to the move.
Russia has described the new sanctions as "unacceptable and against international law".
"This practice seriously complicates moves for constructive dialogue with Tehran," said a statement from the Russian Foreign Ministry.
"We believe that the constant stepping up of sanctions has long since transcended the boundaries of solving non proliferation tasks in the context of the Iranian nuclear programme," the statement said.
'Money laundering'
Analysis In recent years, the UN Security Council has imposed four rounds of sanctions on Iran - designed principally to prevent the country from getting hold of the materials needed to make weapons of mass destruction. In addition, a number of Western countries have added their own unilateral measures and restrictions. It is worth saying that Iranian banks and businesses already face a number of restrictions in the West. So these latest measures - in themselves - are unlikely to make Iran's government change its behaviour. Western officials say that they hope that other countries will also announce measures of their own. But it is not yet clear which will choose to do so. Many nations - including China - buy Iranian crude oil and they use Iranian banks to clear their transactions.
Mrs Clinton said that Iran's petrochemical industry, oil and gas industry and financial sector would be targeted by the sanctions.
"The message is clear," they said. "If Iran's intransigence continues, it will face increasing pressure and isolation. Today, the United States is taking a series of steps to sharpen this choice."
Speaking at a news conference at the State Department in Washington, they said the US expected "additional sanctions" by other countries in the days ahead.
The US also named Iran a "primary money laundering concern".
The US Treasury Secretary, Timothy Geithner, who appeared with Mrs Clinton at the news conference, warned that international banks should be wary of doing any business with Iran that might aid its nuclear programme.
"Financial institutions around the world should think hard about the risks of doing business with Iran," Mr Geithner said.
US firms were also warned against dealing with Iranian banks.
President Barack Obama said in a written statement that the United States had identified "the entire Iranian banking sector - including the Central Bank of Iran - as a threat to governments or financial institutions that do business with Iranian banks".
"As long as Iran continues down this dangerous path, the United States will continue to find ways, both in concert with our partners and through our own actions, to isolate and increase the pressure upon the Iranian regime," they said.
The British Chancellor of the Exchequer, George Osborne, had earlier said that all UK credit and financial institutions had to cease trading with Iran's banks from Monday afternoon.
"We believe that the Iranian regime's actions pose a significant threat to the UK's national security and the international community," they said.
"Today's announcement is a further step to preventing the Iranian regime from acquiring nuclear weapons."
It is the first time the UK has cut off a country's banking sector in this way.
The UN Security Council has already passed four rounds of sanctions against Iran for refusing to halt uranium enrichment.
Highly enriched uranium can be processed into nuclear weapons.
The US has already slapped sanctions on dozens of Iranian government agencies, officials and businesses over the nuclear programme.
Iran's deputy oil minister Abdolhossein Bayat said the new sanctions would not stop Iran exporting petrochemicals to the European Union, according to the semi-official Mehr news agency.
The agency said Iran had an 11% share of the European market.
Trump explains why they didn't cancel NAFTA, and still could if they want to
U.S. President Donald Trump insists they aren't bluffing about threatening to pull out of NAFTA this week. They say they were two or three days away from doing it — really. But they also say they had a change of heart during phone calls with the leaders of Canada and Mexico.
”I like both of these gentlemen very much,” Trump said Thursday, recapping this week's roller-coaster of drama involving the North American Free Trade Agreement.
”I respect their countries very much. The relationship is very special. And I said, I will hold on the termination; let's see if we can make it a fair deal.”
They also hinted at a more subtantive reason for not announcing a pullout of NAFTA: economic disruption.
The mere rumour of it happening this week, floated by the White House, shaved almost two per cent off the Mexican peso and a third of a cent off the loonie, while business people and lawmakers were up in arms.
Just the agriculture industry by itself produced enough scared quotes to fill a newscast. Pork producers called the idea of cancelling NAFTA financially devastating. Corn producers called it disastrous. The head of the U.S. grains lobby said they were shocked and distressed.
Trump conceded that renegotiating NAFTA is simpler: ”And so I decided (to do that) rather than terminating NAFTA, which would be a pretty big shock to the system.” They emphasized, however, that they retain the right to cancel NAFTA if they can't get a deal.
And that, according to numerous trade-watchers, is what this week was really about: leverage. It's a view shared by some within the Canadian government — that Trump wants to flex some muscle entering the negotiations, and the threat to pull out is their strongest lever.
That lever was brandished this week when stories started appear
Ruling On Gay Juror May Cause Ripples In Same-Sex Marriage Cases
Enlarge this image toggle caption Tim Boyle/Bloomberg via Getty Images Tim Boyle/Bloomberg via Getty Images
There was a small development in a case before the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals this month that could have a major impact on the legal battle over same-sex marriage. The case involves a dispute between two pharmaceutical companies, a gay juror and the level of legal scrutiny directed by the appellate court.
The two big pharmaceutical companies, SmithKline Beecham and Abbott Laboratories, were in court over the marketing and pricing of some HIV drugs. A lawyer for Abbott wanted to keep one prospective juror off the jury because they are gay. Lawyers for SmithKline Beecham objected, and to shorten a long story, the matter wound up before the 9th Circuit.
The court had to answer this question: Can an attorney in a lawsuit dismiss one particular juror because of that juror's sexual orientation?
"That was the question, and the 9th Circuit decided no, you cannot do that," says Ned Flaherty, who tracks lawsuits for Marriage Equality USA.
The 9th Circuit said it based its ruling on U.S. v. Windsor — the case in which the Supreme Court struck down the Defense of Marriage Act — and that classifications based on sexual orientation must be subjected to "heightened scrutiny."
That's legal talk meaning that the government has the burden of proof to show that a law is necessary and fair. And in this case, that was significant, says Carlton Larson, a law professor at the University of California, Davis.
"It would mean that it would become almost impossible to justify any laws that negatively affect gays and lesbians," Larson says. "And the primary ones, of course, would be laws restricting same-sex marriage."
But opponents of same-sex marriage say the 9th Circuit was overreaching because the U.S. Supreme Court said nothing about heightened scrutiny in its decision striking down the Defense of Marriage Act.
"Now, some have argued that if the standard of review is set at heightened scrutiny, all of the marriage statutes in the country automatically fall," says John Eastman, a law professor at Chapman University. "I disagree with that."
Eastman says that the societal benefits that flow from traditional marriage are so important that the government could easily show a compelling interest to limit marriage to heterosexuals.
"This case is part of the ongoing — quite frankly, manipulation — of the law to achieve an end on same-sex marriage, and it's deeply troubling to me," Eastman says.
But for now, because the drugmaker Abbott Laboratories didn't challenge the 9th Circuit ruling last week, the application of heightened scrutiny is the law of the land in the nine Western states covered by that court.
"The move to heightened scrutiny wipes away the last legal argument that opponents of marriage equality have been trying to use in the courts," says Marriage Equality's Flaherty. "It appears now they don't have any good legal arguments left."
Medical researchers rally at Belmore Park, Sydney, in a bid to save their jobs and the research and innovation effort that is critical to Australia's economy. Picture: Alan Pryke
THOUSANDS of usually mild-mannered medical researchers were mobilised into placard-waving protesters yesterday in reaction to rumoured cuts to the medical research budget.
David James, director of the diabetes and obesity program at the Garvin Institute, told the Sydney rally: "Our message to the Prime Minister is [that] not only do we expect you not to cut the medical research budget, we expect you to increase it."
The rallies, which were held in Sydney, Melbourne, Adelaide and Canberra yesterday and in Perth on Friday, came about after rumours that the National Health and Medical Research budget would be cut by $400 million, or about 20 per cent, over three years. Health Minister Nicola Roxon's only comment to date has been to say that tough decisions will have to be made.
Read Next
But any cuts to the medical research budget will be a hard sell, because everyone is touched by advances in medical technology.
As Professor James told the Sydney rally, before the age of eight they had lost their father, their aunt and their grandmother to cancer; all because there were no treatments available. But just a few years later, their mother's breast cancer was successfully treated "and they had the benefit of knowing their grandchildren".
"Why does the Prime Minister not want more Australians telling stories like this?" they said.
Emma Parkinson-Lawrence, president of the Australian Society for Medical Research, said for each $1 invested in medical research, the community saw a $6 return. They said between 1993 and 2005, medical research had produced a net benefit of $30 billion to the economy.
"Gardisil alone (the drug to prevent cervical cancer) is expected to save the economy $500 million a year," Dr Parkinson-Lawrence said.
In an open letter to Julia Gillard, Peter Coaldrake, chair of Universities Australia, wrote: "Vigorous national research and innovation effort is critical to the strength and dynamism of Australia's economy and society."
Australia is considered a world-leader in medical research, with results across the recent Excellence for Research in Australia exercise confirming the strength of that performance.
For example, eight of the 11 universities which conducted research in cadiovascular medicine and haematology scored a five, well above world standard. The lowest score was a three. Similar tales were told in immunology, medical microbiology, oncology and carcinogenesis and medical physiology, to name a few.
And the ERA did not capture the work of medical research institutes, many of which are considered world-leaders in their respective fields.
Speakers at the rallies spoke of a brain drain as researchers looked overseas for jobs or left science altogether.
As Vanessa Yensen, the first person in Australia to receive a core blood transplant in 1999, and who is now undertaking a PhD in biomedical sciences, said: "Medical research touches every single person in the community."
It's difficult to not be excited if you are a Liverpool fan this season. Neutrals have been hugely entertained by the Reds, who have rapidly established themselves as one of the most exhilarating teams in the Premier League. Their attacking play has wowed, while their defensive deficiencies mean that no matter how effective they are pressing forward, they remain suspect at the back.
As has often been the staple for a Jurgen Klopp-managed side, the onus is on pressing teams higher up the pitch in order to create chances. It's no surprise that Liverpool rank top for key passes (64) and successful final third passes (628) in the Premier League this season.
The fluidity and versatility of the attack means that whenever Liverpool press forward, fans will rise from their seats. Only Manchester City (11) have scored more top-flight goals than Klopp's side (9) this season, though conversely; only a handful of teams has conceded more than the Reds (7). Much of the reason for the excitement is the big money capture of Sadio Mane, whose WhoScored.com rating (8.14) is the second best in the Premier League this season.
With Klopp favouring a three-man attack, Mane, along with Roberto Firmino, both benefit significantly from the freedom to roam across the final third. While much was made of the partnership between Philippe Coutinho and Firmino upon Klopp's appointment last October, the Senegal international has usurped their Brazilian teammate and for good reason. Only a handful of players are averaging more dribbles per game than Mane (3.3) in the Premier League this season, with their directness on the ball helping force a way through opposition defences.
This ultimately draws defenders away from position, freeing up space for teammates to go for goal, which in turn benefits Adam Lallana and Georgino Wijnaldum, two midfielders making late runs into the box, thus adding a new dimension to the club's attack. Only Yannick Bolasie (4) has created more clear-cut goalscoring opportunities than Mane (2) in the Premier League this term, while Firmino is top for key passes from open play (14). Evidently, the duo are as capable as providing for teammates as they are at going for goal, with Mane and Firmino having already scored two goals apiece this term.
Given the form of the pair, Klopp now has a selection issue on their hands. Daniel Sturridge, when fit, should be the club's starting frontman and they showed why against Leicester with a strong showing in the 4-1 win. Indeed, it was their backheel assist for Mane's second goal on Saturday that highlighted just how effective the forward trio can be. Sturridge drags players out of position, allowing for Firmino and Mane to drive infield or down the flank to exploit the space that has opened up in the final third.
Firmino may have started three of Liverpool's four league games as the lead frontman, with the Brazilian acting as a false nine, but he's a much better performer coming inside off the wings where they have space to maximise their statistically calculated WhoScored.com strength of ‘dribbling'. It's no coincidence that their best-rated performance of the season was against Leicester (9.22), where they started on the wing. When all is said and done, Klopp would undoubtedly favour an attacking front three of Mane-Sturridge-Firmino, with the trio's constant movement offering up a potent goalscoring threat.
Klopp is then afforded the luxury of being able to call on Coutinho, Divock Origi and Danny Ings in reserve, while Lallana is another option for Klopp out wide if needs must. The 28-year-old is another who excels under the current Liverpool boss, with their tenacity and determination in the midfield third a huge boost to Klopp. Meanwhile, they maximise their athleticism to break forward and support the attack having been involved in three league goals this season, including a stunning second half strike at Anfield this past weekend.
Yet it's not just Lallana's tireless running that makes them such a key figure for Klopp. Having dropped into a deeper midfield role, they have the footballing brain to pick the right pass at the right time, with an average of 1.8 key passes per game the fourth best of all Liverpool players. 2.3 dribbles per game is second only to Mane of all players at the club, with the England international a tidy performer in possession. He's indeed an efficient link between the midfield and attack and Liverpool are prospering as a result of their impact in the middle of the park.
The defence requires work, of that there is no doubt, but Liverpool are arguably one of the Premier League's most enjoyable teams at this point in time. The players all seem to have fully bought into Klopp's philosophy and, while it's unlikely they will be lifting the Premier League trophy next May, a lack of European football means a top-four pursuit is very on the cards.
Ben McAleer
All statistics courtesy of WhoScored.com, where you can find yet more stats, including live in-game data and unique player and team ratings. You can follow all the scores, statistics, live player and team ratings with the new free-to-download WhoScored iOS app.
Japan - Photo Gallery - Pictures
Kasuga Taisha lanterns - Nara
1400x933
547kB
Download
Downtown Tokyo (Marunouchi)…
1920x1440
768kB
12.2011
Download
Ginza - Tokyo
1920x1080
504kB
12.2011
Download
Kitanomaru Park - Tokyo
1920x1440
829kB
12.2011
Download
Lanterns in Ueno Park
1920x1440
958kB
12.2011
Download
Yasukuni huge iron gates - …
1920x1440
590kB
12.2011
Download
Yasukuni Shrine - Tokyo
1920x1440
449kB
12.2011
Download
Yuurakucho - Tokyo
1920x1440
510kB
12.2011
Download
Chorakuji - Kyoto
1920x1440
788kB
12.2011
Download
Daitokuji - Kyoto
1920x1440
1003kB
12.2011
Download
Eikando - Kyoto
1920x2560
1568kB
12.2011
Download
Fushimi-Inari toori path - …
1920x1080
453kB
12.2011
Download
Fushimi-Inari toori path - …
1920x1080
706kB
12.2011
Download
Ginkakuji (Silver Pavillion…
1920x1440
722kB
12.2011
Download
Higashi Hhonganji gates - K…
1920x1440
437kB
12.2011
Download
Kamo River in Kyoto
1920x1280
635kB
12.2011
Download
Kinkakuji - Kyoto
1920x1440
759kB
12.2011
Download
Kiyomizudera - Kyoto
1920x1440
597kB
12.2011
Download
Kiyomizudera - Kyoto
1920x1080
390kB
12.2011
Download
Bamboo Groove - Kyoto
1920x1440
519kB
12.2011
Download
Ryozem-kwan-on Temple - Kyoto
1920x1440
499kB
12.2011
Download
Sannenzaka Street - Kyoto
1920x1280
756kB
12.2011
Download
Tenryuji - Kyoto
1920x1440
390kB
12.2011
Download
Tenryuji - Kyoto
1920x1080
625kB
12.2011
Download
There are few moments in the political atmosphere of the Middle East that fill me with genuine pride. While eyes have long been fixed on opposition movements in Iran and Egypt, suddenly Tunisia has provided one of the most inspiring episodes of indigenous revolt against a repressive regime.
Following the self-immolation of an unemployed man, riots and demonstrations have swept through the country.
Lebanese journalist Octavia Nasr wrote on Thursday: "I never thought this day would come. Certainly not in Tunisia. To be quite honest, out of the Middle East region, I thought such a rebellious act would come from Egypt where the opposition to President Mubarak's regime is so fierce and vocal that public demonstrations of anger and dismay have become a routine."
Despite distressing reports of security forces shooting demonstrators dead, the events are heartening, not necessarily as a harbinger of transformation in the region, but as an indication that it is possible. Change is sometimes more likely to happen when people know what it looks like, when the first person dares to points to the emperor and say that they are naked.
I am generally wary of lumping Arab countries together in terms of political climate, but in this case it is more or less valid. From the monarchies of the Gulf, to the hereditary presidencies of the Levant and North Africa, bar the odd military coup, there has been little evidence of potential regime change. Those who espouse slow, gradual and incremental progress argue that the attrition of globalisation will eventually lead to an organic transformation.
But in my own lifetime I have seen regression in places, and globalisation either selectively sampled, or co-opted in the effort to subjugate citizens.
The complication in many parts of the Arab world is that it is never really simple brute oppression; it is a sophisticated system of stick and carrot, of fear and incentive, to maintain the status quo. In Tunisia itself, there existed a system of subsidies of strategic commodities which granted the state some legitimacy and political allegiance, but even that has crumbled.
Whether it is the laudanum of oil-wealth in Saudi Arabia, the parallel systems of bribery in Egypt which subsidise income, the alliances of patronage with powerful tribal leaders in Jordan which underwrite the monarchy's legitimacy, or the pact with the military in Algeria, there are several factors, underscored by support from the state's security forces, which douse the flame of rebellion. The odd skirmish over an isolated incident – such as blogger arrests in Egypt, or flogging of women in Sudan – is quickly quashed as the delicate pulley system of power comes into effect.
In addition, there is a tendency to downwardly compare miseries with other Arab countries. Those in oil-rich states comfort themselves that at least they are safe from the relative poverty of North Africans, who in turn seek solace in that they enjoy relative freedom of dress and intermingling of the sexes. And all can take comfort that at least they are not Sudan.
Although Tunisia is relatively remote from mainstream Arab culture and popular media, which is dominated by Levantine and Gulf elements, the events on Tunisia's streets are being watched on satellite TV throughout the Arab world.
Not that outpourings of passion are rare on Arab streets, but they are usually related to the latest events in Palestine, some random perceived insult from the west – or football. It's the rage of an easily slighted dignity, and it's rarely directed against the primary local culprit: the government itself.
In a detailed analysis the Moor Next Door blog says:
"These riots are important because they challenge the dominant discourse on Tunisia's politics (or lack there of) in western writing and reporting. Tunisia is by far among the most politically stable countries in North Africa and arguably the one with the healthiest economies.
"But this is all relative to its neighbours and must be considered in the regional context. If things are going the way they are in Tunisia, what does this mean for other geriatric regimes on the verge of power transitions?"
Even if nothing comes of the Tunisian revolt, it is proof that the resignation is not an inevitability, that it is not hardwired into our DNA, that the "Arab malaise" is not terminal.
NEW ORLEANS – Christmas is just two days away and local kids are in the giving spirit trying to brighten the holidays for families all over New Orleans.
Susan Sirois opened their first Christmas present and now has everything they need for their Christmas meal.  They are one of hundreds that received a box full of food for the holidays.
“I feel very blessed that we were able to get some help,” Sirois said.
And the elves who delivered the meals were all students.
“It's a true blessing to be able to do this,” student Ben Brodnax said.
The program, called Hams for Fams, was born three years ago after Jesuit High School had to turn away needs families during it's Thanksgiving drive.
“We decided that we wanted to do something else, do something more. So, we started this Christmas drive and we named it Hams for Fams and that first year we fed 20 families, last year we fed 103 and this year we are feeding 210,” student Jack Quaglino said.
Hundreds of high school and college students joined up the group's efforts and helped package and deliver the boxes to families in need.
Benton Moore got their wisdom teeth removed but they did not let surgery get in the way of something they look forward to every year.
“The best part for me about this whole thing has been doing it all with my friends and being able to meet the people that we have donated too,” Moore said.
Hams for Fams is operated from private donations. If you would like to donate for next year's meals, click here.
Guest essay by Michael Greer
I was surprised, pleasantly surprised, UCLA allowed the Chemistry & Biochemistry Department to have Professor William Happer speak skeptically about Climate Change at a Physical Chemistry Seminar, until I learned two Conservative Chemistry professors had to do it under the radar. Nevertheless, in a room that could hold under 100 there were at least 50 standing with many in the hall outside. I'm told there has never been such an overflow attendance for any previous seminar in the past.
William “Will” Happer is an American physicist who has specialized in the study of atomic physics, optics and spectroscopy.  They are the Cyrus Fogg Brackett Professor of Physics, Emeritus, at Princeton University, and a long-term member of the JASON advisory group, where they pioneered the development of adaptive optics. From 1991 to 1993, Happer served as director of the Department of Energy's Office of Science as part of the George HW Bush administration. Happer invented the Sodium Guide Star that most telescopes now have.
Dr. Happer was invited because of their accomplishments in atomic physics which would be acceptable to the other very Liberal professors in the Chemistry & Biochemistry Department. What wasn't known to them was that Happer was allowed to pick the subject of their talk and they chose Climate Change.
Happer started by saying we all agree that climate changes. It has since the beginning of time and will continue to change. They also mentioned that no one can tell you what the “average temperature” should be because there isn't any average world temperature. The temperature at sea level is very different than the temperature 3000 feet up a mountain just a few miles away.
Happer admitted he, himself, had grossly overpredicted the effect of increased levels of CO2 during the 1980s. They said the hysteria over climate change is caused by computer models not observation. They pointed out the model predictions don't come close to the observations. They predicted an increase of 0.2 degrees Celsius over the last decade but the temperature has only increased 0.05 degrees. They put up a slide that showed what the computer models predicted and what has actually been observed. The models show dramatically higher levels than have been observed. (see slide #1)
The Professor believes carbon dioxide is a minor contributor to climate change. In fact, the earth has had a CO2 famine for millions of years. CO2 was 1000 to 2000 parts per million during prehistoric times. We have a little more than 400 parts per million now. We could double that amount and little would happen. Happer pointed out the classroom we were in would have at least 2000 parts per million. The CO2 we exhale is 40,000 PPM. Each of us exhales two pounds of CO2 daily. The only effect increased CO2 has is more greening of the planet. (see slide #2)
Happer explained that water vapor is what greenhouse gases mostly consisted of and they explained how the molecules of the various greenhouse gases react. That part was a bit over my head but it wasn't for the students in the room. They went on to explain how atmospheric circulation transports heat from the equator to the poles.
We've heard a lot about the acidification of the ocean caused by increased CO2, however, as Happer explained (as well as Willie Soon at the IMPROV debate) if CO2 was the cause of acidification warming would be happening on the surface, but it isn't. The warming and acidification occurs deep in the ocean. The claim is that if acidity increases 1pH it's a disaster but Happer pointed out that the ocean surface varies 2 to 4 pH every day. (see slide #3 and #4)
Happer then addressed rising seas. They showed several slides that show sea levels rising no faster than in the past. (see slides #5)
During Q&A a student thanked the Professor saying they gave a compelling argument with data to back it up. They then asked why so many scientists disagree. Happer gave several examples of a consensus of scientists who disagreed with scientists who were later proven right. (see slide #6)
One student said Happer neglected to include the effects of increased water vapor in the atmosphere. Happer said the data didn't reflect any increase. Another student didn't think Happer's presentation was scientifically rigorous. They said Happer was ignoring mountains of data that contradicted him. I wondered what mountain of data the student was talking about. Since the claim is that increased CO2 is causing warming and there hasn't been any significant warming in 20 years what data contradicts that? Many students, however, appreciated the presentation and believed it was scientifically valid, one mentioning they appreciated the data from satellites in the presentation.
A man who identified themselves as a science teacher said they would be out in the hall to discuss the fallacies of Professor's position. I went into the hall and listened for a while. All they said was that Happer was offering opinion that disregarded data but offered no examples.
Several months ago when American Freedom Alliance brought Dr. Willie Soon to Los Angeles to speak, Dr. Soon, Dr. James Enstrom and I spent the day at UCLA trying to get any of the Professors in the fields that study climate to speak to them and none would. (see DR. WILLIE SOON AT THE IMPROV 10/2/2017; see REMEMBER THE DEBATE? NEITHER DO I 2/12/2017)
Apparently, since Dr, Happer's seminar and the overwhelming interest in it, the Chemistry & Biochemistry Department, as well as several other departments, are up in arms. They want to know how this happened. Who is responsible for allowing a skeptic to speak? They can't have students questioning the Climate Change narrative. I've always believed when you are told not to listen to opposing opinions that's exactly when you should. The truth can stand scrutiny.
It's difficult not to be skeptical of the claims made by climate Alarmists when they are unwilling to even enter into a discussion with a colleague who might question their conclusions.
Michael Greer retired from the film/television industry and is the co-organizer of the Santa Monica Tea Party and the Los Angeles Tea Party, on the board of directors of the Citizens' Alliance for Property Rights and was a member of the Republican Central Committee for the 41st Assembly District.  They are also vice president of American Freedom Alliance. Them website is: http://madderthanhell.wordpress.com/
Advertisements
Share this: Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Schools in city caught in upheaval from the Trojan Horse investigation are targeted with dead animals in playgrounds and death threats on social media
Birmingham headteachers say they are subject to campaign of intimidation
Headteachers working in schools affected by the Birmingham Trojan Horse affair are facing a campaign of intimidation, including a death threat on Facebook and dead animals in the playground, it was claimed on Sunday.
One school leader made claims that a dismembered cat had been found in the playground of one school in the city and that a dead dog had been found hanging outside another school. They said there had also been petitions campaigning against staff teaching about homophobia and tolerance of homosexuality.
Sarah Hewitt-Clarkson, head of Anderton Park primary school in Birmingham, spoke during a debate at the annual conference of the National Association of Head Teachers (NAHT) about governors.
They told the conference in Liverpool: “Trojan Horse has not gone away. Those of us who were involved, we knew it was the tip of the iceberg.
“We still have dead animals hung on the gates of schools, dismembered cats in playgrounds. We have petitions outside schools, objecting to teachers teaching against homophobia.”
Speaking after the debate to reporters, they said they were “not necessarily” talking about incidents at their school, but was making a general comment in their capacity as an NAHT representative.
They said a death threat had been made against them on Facebook saying: “Any headteacher who teaches my children it's all right to be gay will be at the end of my shotgun.”
Many, many of our members have suffered greatly from rogue governors Tim Gallagher, NAHT delegate
NAHT officials said complaints had been made to the police but West Midlands police said on Sunday that it had no record of complaints being made.
Hewitt-Clarkson described their experiences during a debate about governors, where concerns were raised that the recommendations of the Clarke Report, which followed an investigation into the Trojan Horse scandal, had not been implemented in full.
Delegates were told that no school governor implicated in the alleged plot by hardline Muslims to take control of governing bodies at a small number of Birmingham schools had been banned. The NAHT is campaigning for better training for governors and a national database of removed or barred governors so schools are properly informed.
Hewitt-Clarkson told delegates: “All the behaviours and things we saw before are still there. So to have promises that have been broken, not followed through are absolutely unhelpful, unsupportive and have left open gaps for certain individuals to start up again.”
The NAHT is particularly concerned that recommendations to limit the number of governing bodies that one person is allowed to sit on, and others to prevent certain individuals from being involved in running schools have not been acted on.
Alison Marshall, an NAHT member, told the conference: “Nicky Morgan [the education secretary] stated in January that the government had accepted every one of Peter Clarke's recommendations. We need to exert pressure to ensure that these recommendations are truly delivered, not in a superficial way and certainly not watered down.”
There is no place for extremism in our schools Nicky Morgan, education secretary
Speaking after the debate, Hewitt-Clarkson said they knew of at least three instances of dead animals in playgrounds and on school gates, including a dead dog hanging from railings outside the schools. They did not know who was responsible – it could even be an accident – but they imagined it was intended to “intimidate” and make people “fearful”.
Rob Kelsall, NAHT senior regional officer, said the incidents had been reported to the police and Home Office. School leaders were keen to move on from the Trojan Horse debate, they said, but were frustrated that not all the recommendations had been fully delivered.
Morgan, who did not attend the debate but later addressed the conference, told reporters a lot of work had been done on implementing the Clarke recommendations, adding that the Conservative election manifesto included an extremism strategy.
They said that, if their party was in power after the election, it would be addressed immediately by the prime minister and home secretary and that adding a database of governors would form part of the discussions for the next extremism taskforce.
Responding to allegations of a renewed campaign of intimidation in Birmingham, they said: “This is a reminder that this is a serious issue and something that is not going to be solved overnight. We have taken action to remove and continue to take action to remove people from being in schools who don't follow British values.
“There is no place for extremism in our schools and we continue, absolutely, to work to eliminate any form of extremism.”
The NAHT conference raised widespread concerns about “rogue governors” and the unregulated nature of their role. Delegate Tim Gallagher said it was “blindingly obvious” that in a “loose, largely unregulated framework” there would be inappropriate behaviour in the governance of schools.
“It does not need to be as profoundly dangerous as that found in Birmingham, it can be the micro-managing of a school to the detriment of our members and the school itself,” they said.
“Many, many of our members have suffered greatly from rogue governors. The Clarke Report sought to recommend strategies regarding its findings in Birmingham. The secretary of state claims to have implemented all of the recommendations. This is not true.
“We need high quality, mandatory governor training. We need to regular the number of governing body posts any one individual can hold. We need a database of governors and we need to be able to keep a check of the suitability of governors.”
Monster Dash 5K Fundraiser is a timed 5K and Little Monster Fun Run. Runners are encouraged to dress in costume and local businesses are offering prizes for the best in several different categories! The event will take place on the Square in Polk City and directly benefits families affected by breast cancer in the North Polk community.
Come out to run or to enjoy live local music, local food and entertainment on the square!
Registration gets you a free shirt, chip timing and a big donation to the friends and families near and dear to our heart. Sign up before race day for a $10 discount!
Little Monster Fun Run available for children age 12 and under.
Sign up your family or team for registration discounts and better chances at the costume contest!
The purpose of this event is to raise funds for families in the North Polk area that have been affected by Breast Cancer. Instead of donating the funds raised to a charity or non-profit, the funds will be distributed straight to the families.
Not sure what to wear? Any costume that's weather and family appropriate is a great suggestion. Any costume with a race bib attached and a human inside it is elligble for the contest.
Costume contest categories:
Team of 4 or less
Family
5k Male
5k Female
Couple
Little Monster Boy
Little Monster Girl
Awards donated by local businesses! Support local with the Polk City Chamber of Commerce!
There have been seven NFL coaching changes this offseason, some good, some bad, some so inexplicable they won't be believed in two years when the team is making another coaching change. (A spot usually reserved for the Redskins.) Here are FTW's rankings of the seven changes for the 2016 season.
7. Philadelphia Eagles: Doug Pederson (offensive coordinator, Kansas City Chiefs)
From the failed annals of “don't fire for the sake of firing,” we have the Philadelphia Eagles who, unhappy with all the power they bestowed upon Chip Kelly, were forced to fire a promising coach because, like a parent who gives a nine-year-old the keys to the car, then gets mad when the nine-year-old crashes, they couldn't take back that power and just let Kelly what they do best. So what did Jeffrey Lurie have in mind when they sought out to find Kelly's replacement? Well, they had to, uh, be a football coach. And knowing the game was a definite plus. And, I guess just wanting to come to Philadelphia to sign a contract was pretty much the main prerequisite. That's how you end up with the blergh hire of Doug Pederson, who was coaching in high school just eight years ago (the Eagles love those quick-risers, don't they) and served as offensive coordinator under Andy Reid for the past three seasons in Kansas City. And had never been interviewed by an NFL team. And was as nondescript as Kelly was high profile. Pederson might be perfectly fine, though I look at them and, I don't know why, just see a younger Norv Turner. INSPIRING! Oh, Pederson, who didn't call plays for Kansas City, was reportedly calling plays during the Chiefs' Reid-esque drive against the Patriots — the one that seemed to defy all conventions of space and time and felt like it lasted as long as The Revenant.
6. Tennessee Titans: Mike Mularky (interim coach, Tennessee Titans)
When you bring in a guy to coach a 1-7 team and they end up going 2-6, there's really no way you can't hire them to be the full-time coach.
5. Miami Dolphins: Adam Gase (offensive coordinator, Chicago Bears)
Unless Bill Belichick suddenly resigns after a Super Bowl win and the Pats replace them with one of those kids from Modern Family, Gase will be the youngest coach in the league. The youth movement is great but being Peyton's sounding board for two seasons and turning Jay Cutler from a 5-11 quarterback into a 6-10 quarterback isn't exactly the resume of a future Don Shula.
4. Tampa Bay Buccaneers: Dirk Koetter (offensive coordinator, Tampa Bay Buccaneers)
If you didn't know much about the Jacksonville Jaguars, Atlanta Falcons or Tampa Bay Buccaneers, the places Dirk Koetter has served as offensive coordinator over the last few years, you'd probably assume that a dude named Dirk, who was so coveted by the Bucs that they pushed out Lovie Smith for them after just two years, would be a hotshot young coordinator like Gase or someone else ranked high on this list. Well, surprise! Koetter is nine months younger than Lovie Smith (he'll be 57 when the season starts) which makes them about the same age as Marvin Lewis and Mike Smith and the 10th oldest coach in the NFL. Now, as Aalyiah taught us, age ain't nothin' but a number. And though Bucs management isn't exactly the model for which NFL teams should strive, the fact that they really wanted Koetter gives this some bonus points. Unlike in Philly, this wasn't a change for the sake of change.
3. Cleveland Browns: Hue Jackson (offensive coordinator, Cincinnati Bengals)
The Bengals had to go through Mike Shula, Bruce Coslet and Dick LeBeau before striking silver with Marvin Lewis, a good coach who has seven wild-card appearances and seven wild-card losses. The Cardinals had to go through Gene Stallings, Joe Bugel, Buddy Ryan, Vince Tobin, Dave McGinnis and Dennis Green before Ken Whisenhunt had two years of glory, fell from grace, and then the Cardinals walked into the coach with the third-highest winning percentage in the last four years (behind Bill Belichick and just behind Pete Carroll). Is this the Browns answer? Hue Jackson is the second-best hire on this list, but I don't know if it matters. The Cleveland Browns could't even make Bill Belichick into a .500 coach. Since then its been Chris Palmer, Butch Davis, Romeo Crennel, Eric Mangini, Pat Shumur, Rob Chudzinski and Mike Pettine. The organization is such a mess that Jackson is set up for failure. I don't know if the return of Belichick could break this team from its losing ways.
2. New York Giants: Ben McAdoo (offensive coordinator, New York Giants)
Seven years before they got their crack at one of the 32 head-coaching jobs in the NFL, the 35-year-old was a defensive backs coach in college. Then they took the same job in the NFL, followed by a single season as a defensive coordinator before getting hired out of obscurity. That was Mike Tomlin, who has had great success (with one Super Bowl ring) in their nine years with Pittsburgh. McAdoo's path is similar: Now 38, they were a graduate assistant at Pittsburgh (the college) just 13 years ago. Then they had some quality control jobs until 2005 before serving as a tight ends coach for six years, then two seasons as a quarterbacks coach and two seasons as an offensive coordinator before getting their call. So, while Tomlin's rise was more meteoric, they and McAdoo rode a similar path (minus the defense vs. offense thing). That, of course, means nothing — they're two different men. But give me a young up-and-comer over a retread or a guy who's been passed over for more jobs than your hippie uncle any day. (Also, bonus for the facial hair and ill-fitting suit. Great coaches no longer are guys who look good in suits.)
1. San Francisco 49ers: Chip Kelly (head coach, Philadelphia Eagles)
Others may end up being better coaches, but Chip Kelly is the best coach on this list right now. To use the Bill Parcells analogy for perhaps the three billionth time, Kelly's dishes in Philly were fine, it was the ingredients that stunk up the joint. I don't know how well he'll get along with the Niners front office — their ego seems similar to Jim Harbaugh's and look how long that marriage lasted. I'm not as quick to say that Colin Kaepernick's career will be brilliantly revived just from Kelly's mere gaze. But I believe that if Chip Kelly is left to coaching a team, he's going to be a top-tier NFL coach and San Francisco is as good a place to do that as any.
Police say the two people killed at Sparks middle school were a staff member and a student, who was likely the attacker
Two people died and two others were injured in a Nevada school shooting on Monday.
Police said one of the victims was a staff member at Sparks middle school in Sparks, east of Reno. Police chief Mike Mieras said the other person to have died was the suspect, who was thought to be a student.
None of the victims have been identified, but officials said there are "no outstanding suspects".
Police said they received the first report of the incident at 7.16am local time on Monday. Classes were due to begin at 7.30am.
Angela Rambo, a Renown regional medical center spokesperson, said it was treating two boys who were in critical condition after the shooting.
"It's a tragic day in the city of Sparks," said mayor Geno Martini in a press conference. They said the shooting was an isolated incident. "I want to reiterate again that the city's very safe," Martini said.
The middle school and the adjacent Agnes Risley elementary school were evacuated to Sparks high school, where parents could pick up students. Washoe County school district spokesperson Charles Rahn said the middle and elementary schools would be closed for the rest of the day.
Nevada governor Brian Sandoval said in a statement: "I was deeply saddened to learn of the horrific shooting at Sparks middle school this morning. My administration is receiving regular updates and the Nevada highway patrol is assisting at the scene. Kathleen and I extend our thoughts and prayers to the victims and those affected by these tragic events."
State senator Harry Reid said: "My condolences go out to the victims' families and my thoughts are with the teachers, administrators, parents and students at Sparks middle school, who have experienced a traumatic morning. No words of condolence could possibly ease the pain, but I hope it is some small comfort that Nevada mourns with them. I stand by to be of any assistance if there is anything that can be done and I will continue to monitor the situation."
In March 2006, a 14-year-old opened fire at Pine middle school, less than 10 miles away from the Sparks middle school. The teenager injured a 14-year-old boy and a girl of the same age.
At the evacuation center, parents walked with their arms around their children, some of whom were in tears. "We came flying down here to get our kids," said Mike Fiorica, whose nephew attends the school. "It's really chaotic. You can imagine how parents are feeling. You don't know if your kid's OK."
Sparks, a city of roughly 90,000 that sprung out of the railway industry, lies just east of Reno.
The Associated Press contributed to this report
North Korean ruler Kim Jong-un appears on a screen during a confetti-filled concert at the Pyongyang Arena in May 2016. (Linda Davidson/The Washington Post)
It's easy to write off Kim Jong-un as a madman. What with the colorful nuclear threats, the gruesome executions of family members, the fact that he's a self-appointed marshal who's never served in the military.
Indeed, Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) did it just this past week, calling Kim “this crazy, fat kid that's running North Korea.” That came on the heels of a pronouncement from Nikki Haley, the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, that “we are not dealing with a rational person” in Kim.
It's a relatively common view. World leaders, military chiefs and Hollywood have all painted them as an unhinged maniac.
But this is not just wrong, North Korea watchers and dictatorship experts say. It also risks dangerous miscalculation.
“North Korea has consistently been treated like a joke, but now the joke has nuclear weapons,” said John Park, director of the Korea Working Group at the Harvard Kennedy School. “If you deem Kim Jong-un to be irrational, then you're implicitly underestimating him.”
Nikki Haley, the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, appears with South Korea's U.N. ambassador, Cho Tae-yul, after a meeting on North Korea's launch of ballistic missiles. (Shannon Stapleton/Reuters)
Leaders throughout the centuries have realized it can be advantageous to have your enemies think you're crazy. Machiavelli once wrote that it can be wise to pretend to be mad, while President Richard Nixon wanted the North Vietnamese to think they were unstable and prone to launch a nuclear attack on a whim.
Writing off Kim Jong-un as a lunatic could equally be playing into their hands.
Want proof that he's no senseless madman?
Exhibit A: “He's still in power,” said Benjamin Smith, an expert on regime change at the University of Florida. “He and their father and grandfather have stayed in power through a series of American presidents going back to Truman.”
[ Defying skeptics, Kim Jong-un marks five years at the helm of North Korea ]
Longevity, of course, is the preserve of dictators, not democrats. Indeed, the 33-year-old has defied predictions that they would not be able to keep a grip on the authoritarian state that has been in their family's control since 1948. December marked their fifth anniversary in power — a milestone that the democratically elected president in the South did not reach.
In person, Kim is confident and well spoken, said Michael Spavor, a Canadian who runs Paektu Cultural Exchange, which promotes business, sports and tourism with North Korea. Spavor is one of the very few outsiders to have met Kim.
“He was acting very diplomatically and professionally,” said Spavor, who accompanied Dennis Rodman, the basketball player, on their trips to North Korea. “He felt old beyond their years. They could be serious at times and fun at times but by no means did they seem weird or odd.”
Smith pointed out that saying Kim is rational isn't the same as saying “he's a perfect guy who makes perfect decisions.”
Kim's decisions to date have enabled them to achieve their primary goal — so far — of staying in power by staving off threats, real or anticipated, from the elite.
“He has reasons to be afraid of conspiracies in the top levels of their government, especially in the military and secret police,” said Andrei Lankov, a Russian scholar of North Korea who once studied at Kim Il Sung University in Pyongyang. “You can buy these people off, but they can still betray you. You have to terrify them, and that's what he's doing.”
Kim has sent a message to the elites who keep them in power through a series of executions and purges that keep everyone fearful that they will be next.
Kim has rid themselves of 300-plus officials during their five years at the helm. They notably had their own uncle, Jang Song Thaek, executed for disobeying orders and building their own power base.
Other high-level figures have been killed — a defense minister was reportedly dispatched with antiaircraft fire — or purged. The state security minister is said to be under house arrest.
“What's irrational about that? Irrational is going to the ICC and surrendering,” Lankov said. A United Nations commission of inquiry has recommended referring Kim to the International Criminal Court for crimes against humanity.
The assassination of Kim Jong-un's half brother, Kim Jong Nam, in Malaysia with a chemical weapon was a message to outside rivals that the young leader could hunt them down wherever they are, analysts say.
[ As North Korea arsenal grows, experts see heightened risk of ‘miscalculation' ]
To deal with threats from “hostile powers,” in North Korean parlance, having nuclear weapons makes sense for Kim, said Kongdan Oh of the Institute for Defense Analyses. “Steadily pursuing nuclear weapons is a very rational thing for them to be doing.”
Kim has ordered three nuclear tests since they took power — claiming that one was a hydrogen bomb — and has overseen steady improvements in the missile program. North Korea has “entered the final stage of preparation” for the test launch of an intercontinental ballistic missile, Kim has said, referring to a missile capable of reaching the U.S. mainland.
North Korea was established in vehement opposition to the American “imperialist aggressors” and their “puppets” in South Korea. So maintaining a sense of threat from both provides a rationale for the state's existence and a shared menace to unite the elite and the common people.
Then there's the economy. The fact that it's growing is a sign that the leadership knows what it's doing, said Park of Harvard.
“There's a puzzle here: The regime is getting wealthier amid the increasing implementation of sanctions,” they said.
While the North Korean economy is far from booming, it has been steadily expanding in recent years, as evidenced by all the construction in Pyongyang despite increasingly tight restrictions imposed by the outside world.
[ North Korea's growing economy — and America's misconceptions about it ]
It has done this through state-run trading companies that form partnerships with entities in China, enabling them to circumvent sanctions.
“Look at the web of elite North Korean state trading companies. You can't be irrational or somehow crazy to consistently run this system to either make money off it or procure what you need for the nuclear weapons program,” Park said. “That objectively shows that there is a game plan, and a pretty consistently implemented game plan.”
But being rational is not the same as being predictable, and many analysts say that the youngest Kim appears to be temperamental and hotheaded.
That worries American military leaders. “Combining nuclear warheads with ballistic missile technology in the hands of a volatile leader like Kim Jong-un is a recipe for disaster,” Adm. Harry Harris, the head of Pacific Command, said in December.
There is reason to be concerned about this factor, said Jerrold Post, a psychiatrist who founded the CIA's personality analysis center and has studied Kim and their father.
Kim's capacity for brutality and their apparent spontaneity could be compounded by President Trump's own impulsive acts, they said.
“This is all about big boys and their big toys,” Post said. “Will they actively threaten the U.S.? I tend to think not, but I must say I'm concerned about words leading to actions between them and President Trump.”
Read more
For Kim Jong Nam, a sad ending to a lonely life
Tillerson says ‘all options are on the table' when it comes to North Korea
North Korean regime is finding new ways to stop information flows, report says
Today's coverage from Post correspondents around the world
Like Washington Post World on Facebook and stay updated on foreign news
Pronouncing "t" as a glottal stop
In English phonology, t-glottalization or t-glottaling is a sound change in certain English dialects and accents that causes the phoneme to be pronounced as the glottal stop [ʔ] () in certain positions. It is never universal, especially in careful speech, and it most often alternates with other allophones of /t/ such as (help·info) , [tʰ], [tⁿ] (before a nasal), [tˡ] (before a lateral), or [ɾ].
As a sound change, it is a subtype of debuccalization. The pronunciation that it results in is called glottalization. Apparently, glottal reinforcement, which is quite common in English, is a stage preceding full replacement of the stop,[1] and indeed, reinforcement and replacement can be in free variation.
The earliest mentions of the process are in Scotland during the 19th century, when Henry Sweet commented on the phenomenon. Peter Trudgill has argued that it began in Norfolk, based on studies of rural dialects of those born in the 1870s.[2] The SED fieldworker Peter Wright found it in areas of Lancashire and said, "It is considered a lazy habit, but may have been in some dialects for hundreds of years."[3] David Crystal claims that the sound can be heard in Received Pronunciation (RP) speakers from the early 20th century such as Daniel Jones, Bertrand Russell and Ellen Terry.[4] The Cambridge English Pronouncing Dictionary claims that t-glottalization is now most common in London, Leeds, Edinburgh, and Glasgow.[5]
Uniquely for English in the West Indies, Barbadian English uses a glottal allophone for /t/, and also less frequently for /k/ and /p/.[6]
Glottal reinforcement (pre-glottalization) [ edit ]
Pre-glottalization of /t/ is found in RP and General American (GA) when the consonant /t/ occurs before another consonant, or before a pause:
pre-consonantal: get some [ˈɡɛʔt‿ˈsʌm] lightning ['laɪ̯ʔtnɪŋ] at last [əʔt‿'lɑːst]
final (pre-pausal): wait [weɪ̯ʔt] bat [bæʔt] about [ə'baʊ̯ʔt]
The glottal closure overlaps with the consonant that it precedes, but the articulatory movements involved can usually only be observed by using laboratory instruments.[7] In words such as 'eaten', 'button' pronounced with a glottal closure it is generally almost impossible to know whether the /t/ has been pronounced (e.g. [ˈiːʔtn̩], [ˈbʌʔtn̩]) or omitted (e.g. [ˈiːʔn̩], [ˈbʌʔn̩]).
However, in the same syllable coda position, /t/ may instead be analyzed as an unreleased stop.[8]
In some accents of English, /t/ may be pre-glottalized intervocalically when it occurs finally in a stressed syllable. In the north-east of England and East Anglia pronunciations such as 'paper' [ˈpeɪʔpə], 'happy' [ˈhæʔpi] are found.[1]
There is variation in the occurrence of glottalization within RP according to which consonant follows /t/: for example, some speakers do not glottalize /t/ when /r/ follows, in words such as 'petrol' /ˈpɛtrəl/, 'mattress' /ˈmætrəs/.[9]
It is rare that t-glottalization occurs syllable-initially in English. This has been reported in some words that begin /tə/ in some northern dialects.[10][11]
Glottal replacement [ edit ]
In RP, and in many accents such as Cockney as well as all American English, it is common for /t/ to be completely replaced by a glottal stop before another consonant,[12][13] as in not now [nɒʔnaʊ] and department [dɪpʰɑː(ɹ)ʔmən̩t]. This replacement also happens before a syllabic , as in button (representable as [ˈbʌʔn̩] or [ˈbʌʔɪ̈n]).
Among younger speakers of Britain, glottal replacement of /t/ is frequently heard in intervocalic position before an unstressed vowel:
getting better [ˈɡeʔɪŋ beʔə(ɹ)] (in GA, this is [ˈɡeɾɪŋ beɾəɹ] )
Some British speakers even show glottal replacement in secondarily stressed syllables, though this is rarer:
societies [səˈsaɪ̯əˌʔiːz]
In both RP and GA, /t/-replacement is found in absolute final position, though most commonly in younger people's speech.
pick it up [pʰɪk ɪʔ ʌp] (though, in GA, this is more commonly [pʰɪkɪɾʌp] )
(though, in GA, this is more commonly ) let's start [lɛts stɑː(ɹ)ʔ] or [lɛʔs stɑː(ɹ)ʔ]
or what [wɒʔ] or [wɐʔ]
or foot [fʊʔ]
T-glottalization is believed to have been spreading in Southern England at a faster rate than th-fronting[citation needed]. Cruttenden comments that "Use of [ʔ] for /t/ word-medially intervocalically, as in water, still remains stigmatised in GB.[14]" (GB is their alternative term for RP). The increased use of glottal stops within RP is believed to be an influence from Cockney and other working-class urban speech.[citation needed] In a 1985 publication on the speech of West Yorkshire, KM Petyt found that t-glottalization was spreading from Bradford (where it had been reported in traditional dialect) to Halifax and Huddersfield (where it had not been reported in traditional dialect).[15] In 1999, Shorrocks noted the phenomenon amongst young people in Bolton, Greater Manchester: "It is not at all typical of the traditional vernacular, in contradistinction to some other varieties of English, but younger people use [ʔ] medially between vowels more than their elders."[16]
Recent studies (Milroy, Milroy & Walshaw 1994, Fabricius 2000) have suggested that t-glottalization is increasing in RP speech. Prince Harry frequently glottalizes their t's.[17] One study carried out by Anne Fabricius suggests that t-glottalization is increasing in RP, the reason for this being the dialect levelling of the Southeast. They have argued that a wave-like profile of t-glottalization has been going on through the regions, which has begun with speakers in London, due to the influence of Cockney. They say that this development is due to the population size of the capital, as well as London's dominance of the Southeast of England.[18] However, Miroslav Ježek has argued that linguists attribute changes to London too readily, and that the evidence suggests that t-glottalization began in Scotland and worked its way down gradually to London.[19]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Pod-Canon is an ongoing tribute to the greatest individual comedy-related podcast episodes of all time.
Comedy Bang Bang recently celebrated its 500th episode with a star-studded extravaganza befitting such an auspicious milestone. Over the course of 500 episodes, host Scott Aukerman and their guests have created a sprawling universe of in-jokes, running jokes, crazy characters and beloved guests who are so essential to the show that they're more like family.
During that duration, Comedy Bang Bang has left radio, changed its name (it began life as Comedy Death-Ray), spawned a cult classic faux-talk show of the same name that enjoyed five robust seasons on IFC, inspired a number of live tours with Aukerman joined by essential collaborators like Lauren Lapkus and Paul F. Tompkins, and witnessed the death of beloved friends and fixtures like Harris Wittels.
Yes, Comedy Bang Bang has come a long way over the course of the last eight years, so I thought it would be interesting to hop inside the old Wayback machine and listen to the first-ever episode, which debuted a universe ago on May 1st, 2009. A man named Barack Hussein Obamacare inspired a nation with their stirring rhetoric and striking good looks. Teens flocked to a new social media site called Twitter, and a rancid orange-colored ghoul Donald Trump occupied their rightful place in society as the host of a sleazy reality competition called The Apprentice.
Yes, it was a more innocent era, where the worst we had to worry about was the death of superstar Danny Gans, who died the morning the podcast was recorded, leading cohost Rob Huebel to call for a moment of silence for the Vegas fixture and for Aukerman to very dryly point out that silence (whether in honor of the dead or otherwise) does not generally make for good radio.
Comedy Death-Ray gets off to an adorably awkward start, with Soulja Boy's “Turn My Swag On” followed by the audibly nervous host thanking Soulja Boy for writing and recording the Comedy Death-Ray theme song. Aukerman is funny off the bat, but it's a dry, low-energy, arch, absurdist kind of funny.
Speaking of low-energy, co-host Huebel concedes that he's painfully hungover after attending a Clinton Foundation event the night before, which betrays how little they had invested in their appearance on some goofy internet radio/podcast thing that was just starting up.
Aukerman stumblingly announces early on that Comedy Death-Ray will be “focusing on comedy and comedic personas,” which suggests Aukerman had only a vague sense of what they wanted to do going in. In this earliest incarnation of the show, Aukerman played a fair amount of comedy music, including Dragon Boy Suede (AKA Howard Kremer, who would eventually have their own Earwolf podcast with Scott's wife Kulap), New Wave goof R.O. Mance (whose deeply problematic “Ladyboy” gets a spin) and Cracked Out performing a song that is literally just numbers and counting.
A call from Doug Benson where he'll review the new Wolverine spin-off is teased throughout the episode and Huebel and Aukerman give listeners relationship advice via Twitter, but the first episode of the podcast that would eventually morph into Comedy Bang Bang is devoted primarily to funny people, whose affection for each other is both palpable and infectious, shooting the shit and making each other laugh.
Thomas Lennon tells tales of decadence and rock star excess from The State's historic run and, in the podcast's big announcement, breaks the news that the cult TV series will finally be released on DVD. Huebel talks shitting themselves during the live, 24-hour Human Giant marathon on MTV and says, of Human Giant's future, “We've got solo projects and we're all getting addicted to heroin.”
The gents talk about what a delightful human being future Comedy Bang Bang sidekick/band-leader “Weird Al” Yankovic is and discuss a singularly depressing Back to the Future convention where Aukerman ran into trouble for trying to take a picture of Rip Taylor without buying a headshot.
The core of Comedy Bang Bang was present in its debut—Aukerman riffing with their comedy friends, creating sometimes awkward, sometimes transcendently silly comedy in the moment—even if it would take some time for the podcast to find itself and its footing. I doubt anyone listening to this first episode could have imagined how far the podcast would go, and what a huge role it would play in defining contemporary comedy, particularly where podcasts are involved.
The podcast that would become Comedy Bang Bang would go on to accomplish great things, but it got off to a humble, if enormously ingratiating and quietly funny start.
Nathan Rabin is a father, the author of 5 books, a columnist and the proprietor, owner, Editor-in-Chief and sole writer for Nathan Rabin's Happy Place, which can be found at nathanrabin.com.
Tap here to access our MLB Trade Tracker, which includes all trades and rumors leading up to the July 31 trade deadline.
It came down the wire, but the New York Mets finally landed their big bat.
Mere moments before Friday's non-waiver trade deadline, the Mets acquired outfielder Yoenis Cespedes from the Detroit Tigers in exchange for right-hander Michael Fulmer and pitcher/infielder Luis Cessa.
Cespedes, an impending free agent, was linked to multiple teams in recent days as the Tigers began to dismantle their roster, unloading both David Price and Joakim Soria. Acquired from the Boston Red Sox this winter, Cespedes hit .293/.323/.506 with 18 home runs, 28 doubles, and 61 RBIs in 102 games with the Tigers.
For the Mets, the addition of Cespedes caps a trying week for general manager Sandy Alderson. On Wednesday, the Mets appeared to have a deal in place for outfielder Carlos Gomez, before it was nixed due to concerns with the outfielder's hips. Gomez was later dealt to the Houston Astros.
Similarly, the Mets were though to making progress with the Cincinnati Reds on a deal for outfielder Jay Bruce on Friday, but discussions lost steam as the deadline grew nearer.
Though their tenure in Queens may last just two months, Cespedes immediately improves a Mets lineup that ranks fifth-last in the majors in park-adjusted offense (.680 OPS; 87 wRC+) and remains weakened by injuries to David Wright and Travis d'Arnaud. Short as their stint may be, Cespedes will join their fourth team in a 12-month span when they make their Mets debut.
Mets' projected lineup
Pos Player RF Curtis Granderson SS Ruben Tejada 2B Daniel Murphy CF Yoenis Cespedes 1B Lucas Duda 3B Juan Uribe LF Michael Conforto C Travis d'Arnaud
New York enters play Friday trailing the division-leading Washington Nationals by three games, and sitting 4 1/2 back in the wild card.
Bellator's James Gallagher, ‘Pitbull' brothers exchange words in Instagram comments
The victorious Bellator debut of Luiz Rocha started a verbal war between the 'Pitbull' brothers, featherweight champion Patricio Freire and lightweight contender Patricky Freire, and young SBG talent James Gallagher.
Patricky posted a picture of Rocha (4-1) on their Instagram, congratulating their teammate for their Bellator 188 decision win over Almog Shay on Thursday, and suggested a fight between Rocha and Gallagher next.
"Not only will Luiz win, they will get a finish,” Patricky wrote. "145, 135, doesn't matter.”
Gallagher, who holds a 7-0 MMA record with four wins under the Bellator record, most recently a first-round submission over Chinzo Machida in June, didn't waste any time responding to the Brazilian, starting a back and forth on Freire's Instagram post.
Gallagher: F*** you and your teammate!! I want you!
Gallagher: Stop being a pu**y putting your teammates to take your ass whopping you be a man and fight me! That's my belt you got so f*** you!
Patricky: @strabanimalmma you dont want me, I'm on another level & two weight classes above you , u been hit in the head too hard & dont know Who you are talking to . If u Fight me or any of the Pitbulls in @bellatormma , you wont remember what country you are from. You are like conor's parrot but Your Mouth is writing checks your lil ass cant cash.
Gallagher: @patrickypitbull f*** You! You don't know who you're talking to. I'll whoop everyone of You's . You're a pu**y getting your teammate to take you boys beating. Yeah you're right about that part there's just so many of them I struggle to cash them all myself. But I'll struggle on.
Patricio: @strabanimalmma I'm seeing you're really an animal, don't even know how to diferentiate between who is who. Have some manners with your words, this trash that you say won't scare anybody. Everyone knows @bellatormma protects you, they know the bad things I could do to you.
They said so themselves and you announced a drop to 135 after I called out your bluff. Then you moved back to 145 when we said we had @leandrohigomma.
So now we have a 4-1 guy, 1-0 in Bellator in @luizvrocha who can fight at both weights and whoop your a**. I wonder if they'll say he's too much as well.
You wouldn't beat any of us. But if you're happy running your big mouth and fighting lesser competition, do so and one day come try to touch my belt. I'll send you straight to Tech Duinn.
Gallagher: @patriciopitbull Hahahaha f*** you too! Lets go you fight me. Don't be putting your teammates in for a hiding. Put yourself forward. You mean my belt you fool
Patricio: @strabanimalmma I already said I'd fight you in Ireland, you announced you'd run to 135. @bellatormma doesn't want you to take a beating from me, so I gave them someone else to do it. Fight @luizvrocha, if you manage to get past him, which you won't, perhaps Bellator would let you take a beating from me.
Patricky: @strabanimalmma yes you will struggle ...struggle to make it out of the First round!
Rocha: @strabanimalmma You talk too much, you're trying to be @thenotoriusmma but just as your skills don't match your talking doesn't either. You're way over your head on this and have no place fighting @patriciopitbull. You're just a copy with no traits of originality. I'll fight you anywhere, specially in Ireland, and I'll finish you inside two rounds.
Gallagher: @patrickypitbull lets go then! Lets do it. Come to Ireland fight me. Well soon see who'll struggle.
Patricky last fought in September, when they defeated Benson Henderson via unanimous decision. Their brother Patricio was slated to defend the 145-pound championship at Bellator 188, but was forced out of the contest due to a knee injury.
Gallagher also had to pull out from a fight recently, as they suffered an injury ahead of their Bellator 187 clash with Jeremiah Labiano.
Rep. Steve King (R-IA) hates Obamacare so much that they don't even want the Supreme Court to cite its own major Obamacare cases in future opinions, according to a bill they introduced Tuesday.
The bill itself list the names of major lawsuits the Affordable Care Act has faced at the Supreme Court and bars them “from citation for the purpose of precedence in all future cases.”
“It was my first order of business on the morning after ObamaCare passed into law, March 24, 2010, to draft and introduce my full, 100% repeal of ObamaCare,” King said in a press release announcing the legislation. “By prohibiting the Supreme Court from citing ObamaCare cases, we will be truly eradicating this unconstitutional policy from all three branches of government so that the repeal will be complete.”
The bill claims that “Under Article 3, Section 2” Congress is allowed to “to provide exceptions and regulations for Supreme Court consideration of cases and controversies.”
The proposal had the health care law world “chuckling,” according to Timothy Jost, a health law specialist at the Washington and Lee University.
“He obviously hasn't read these opinions,” Jost said. They pointed to National Federation of Independent Businesses v. Sebelius, which Jost said “contained very strong statements about state rights;” King v. Burwell, which “included language in which the court basically limited deference to administrative agencies;” and Burwell v. Hobby Lobby, which “was all about religious liberty.”
“These are three precedents that one would think Representative King would affirm very strongly,” Jost said.
Share Tweet Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
In 2014, the terror group ISIS took control of more than one-third of Iraq's country.
Throughout Donald Trump's presidential campaign, they said they had a plan to defeat the terror group.
And, according to reports, they just did.
On Saturday, according to a report by Fox News, the nation claimed that the terror group has been completely eradicated from their country.
This significant milestone was announced by Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi.
Per the report:
Iraq declared its war against the Islamic State was over after more than three years of combat operations drove extremist fighters from all of the territories they once held. Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi announced Iraqi forces were in full control of the country's border with Syria during remarks at a conference in Baghdad, and their spokesperson said the development marked the end of the military fight against ISIS. A senior military commander confirmed to The Associated Press that combat operations had been completed.
Here's more from the New York Post:
A senior military commander confirmed that combat operations had been completed. “All Iraqi lands are liberated from terrorist Daesh gangs and our forces completely control the international Iraqi-Syrian border,” Lt. Gen. Abdul-Amir Rasheed Yar Allah said in a statement released shortly after al-Abadi's remarks. Daesh is an Arabic acronym for IS.
And this, from the Hill:
President Trump‘s special envoy to the U.S.-led coalition forces celebrated the announcement in a statement on Twitter, congratulating Iraq's government on the military achievement. “PM Abadi announces that today, for the first time in four long years, #ISIS controls no significant territory in #Iraq. We congratulate the Prime Minister and all the Iraqi people on this significant achievement, which many thought impossible,” Brett McGurk wrote on Twitter.
PM Abadi announces that today, for the first time in four long years, #ISIS controls no significant territory in #Iraq. We congratulate the Prime Minister and all the Iraqi people on this significant achievement, which many thought impossible. 1/3 — Brett McGurk (@brett_mcgurk) December 9, 2017
We honor the sacrifices of the Iraqi people, its security forces, and the Kurdish Peshmerga, and admire the unity in their ranks that had made this day possible. That spirit must be renewed and continue as Iraq works to consolidate these historic gains over the coming year. 2/3 — Brett McGurk (@brett_mcgurk) December 9, 2017
Our @coalition will continue to stand with #Iraq to support its security forces, economy, and stabilization to help ensure that #ISIS can never again threaten Iraq's people or use its territory as a haven. We mark today's historic victory mindful of the work that remains. 3/3 — Brett McGurk (@brett_mcgurk) December 9, 2017
BBC reports the announcement comes just a couple days after Russian forces declared a total victory in Syria.
Check it out:
Iraq declares victory over ISIS pic.twitter.com/hh702uZGUH — Fox News (@FoxNews) December 9, 2017
I commend Iraqi forces for taking over all Iraqi territories from ISIS. It is time to bring perpetrators to Justice and pay attention to the suffering of millions of people, including victims of #Genocide. — Nadia Murad (@NadiaMuradBasee) December 9, 2017
Share Tweet Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
DISCLAIMER: Views expressed in articles do not necessarily reflect the views held by Sarah Palin.
The author of this article has included commentary that expresses an opinion and analysis of the facts.
How did the demagoguery begin? With the morbidity of the killings hitting the poor's hovels, we begin to ruminate perplexed at how this catastrophe will end.
It will end as how it began.
ADVERTISEMENT
The campaign canonized them on the impetus of anger with elitist politics, a signal of discontent with the status quo. An outsider to Manila-centric politics was seen as the antidote to the nation's skewed power dynamics. This proved its greatest irony: In fact, this was a candidate traditionally elitist to the core. What caused the ignorance?
Rodrigo Duterte was invincible in Davao City as local autocrats are in their own turfs. No semblance of public furor, an important democratic institution, has been seen in Davao directly against them in their 20 years of power. Supporters used this as a fundamental reference of their “popularity.”
In 2007, a National Bureau of Investigation report identified Paolo Duterte and a business partner as “members of a big-time syndicate engaged in smuggling high-end cars, used clothing, rice and sugar.” The contraband, said to be concealed in container vans, entered Davao without the necessary import permits, the report said, because the alleged operators “enjoyed the protection of some corrupt Customs officials and members of the Philippine National Police.” A subsequent report by the Presidential Anti-Smuggling Group echoed: “These activities were undertaken without any arrest or apprehension by concerned government agencies due to the alleged power and influence of Davao City Mayor Duterte.”
In 2012, a Commission on Audit report said that Davao City Hall hired 11,000 individuals for six months, including 110 consultants, costing P677 million. The sample audit conducted found city hall “could provide only a master list of those hired, their fixed wages, positions and the funding source but not official contracts or accomplishment reports.” Only 59 casuals showed up for the audit. City hall claimed the rest were out on field work “but there were no pass slips as proof, no deployment plan.”
How did these impact the Davao public, accustomed to talk sub rosa? Media sources explain that these reports “get written; whether they are pursued is another matter.” The common answer given was: “Jun Pala's murder was instructive. The Dutertes take political issues personally. Davao media is monitored.” (Note: Pala, radio commentator highly critical of the Dutertes, was fatally shot by riding tandem gunmen on Sept. 6, 2003.)
The Filipino electorate had also seriously skimmed over what was supposed to be a red flag: the fat Duterte dynasty, four members in power (total of five, counting the President's brother, who was city councilor). Provincial politics is a replica of Manila, with the same detritus that litters Manila. They were no outsider to the system.
“The nation was so desperate for change that it was seduced by the Pied Piper,” writes Cesar Polvorosa, professor and writer based in Canada. At the outset, the vitriolic rhetoric was a novelty, fun even. It wore out as a broken record (including their jokes on the late Justice Arsenio Solidum). The loquaciousness exposed their flip-flopping common to traditional politicians, apparent accommodation of interests. The public saw “heightened expectations that are not actualized,” writes Jose Ma. Montelibano. Mr. Duterte was indecisive as their predecessor was who protected their own kith and kin.
So-called “narco lists” remain unverified, having once included a Calbayog city judge long dead. And take note, Fentanyl and their mental condition were not as yet factors of reckoning during the campaign.
The disguise worked in Davao. In the national level, they are stripped of all disguises. The popularity was ampao: puffed
and empty.
ADVERTISEMENT
Local autocrats cannot be scaled up to the national level. Being First Family is not all pomp and power; there is also fair game under a magnifying glass.
The final arbiter will be how they measure up to accountability and commit to transparency, matters alien to an intimidated public and media in Davao. Signing the waiver is for love of country.
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
(Newser) – A Los Angeles news anchor was arrested Wednesday for allegedly stealing expensive headphones from a cop while going through an airport security line. The Los Angeles Times reports a passenger was going through the security line at Los Angeles International Airport when they noticed their headphones were missing. TMZ notes they were "high-end" headphones worth $200. The passenger—who happens to be an off-duty LAPD robbery detective—called police. Security video allegedly showed KTLA anchor Lu Parker taking the headphones. They were removed from their flight and arrested on suspicion of petty theft. According to CBS Los Angeles, the owner of the headphones made the arrest herself.
KTLA says this whole thing is a "misunderstanding." The station claims Parker, a former Miss USA, was going through security when they noticed the headphones had been left behind. They had been talking to the woman who owned the headphones while going through security and wanted to return them to them But when Parker couldn't find the woman, they boarded their flight with the headphones. "We are confident they will be able to clear this all up," the Times quotes KTLA as saying in a statement. (Read more theft stories.)
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - In the last three weeks, they have sparred on national television with Democrats over Republican policies toward women, been called a “lying mouthpiece” by a liberal blog, and chided former House speaker Nancy Pelosi.
U.S. House Speaker John Boehner (R-OH) (L-R) leads fellow Republicans, including Rep. Cathy McMorris Rodgers (R-WA) and Rep. Kevin McCarthy (R-CA), onstage for a news conference about their proposed deficit-cutting plan, at the U.S. Capitol in Washington, July 19, 2011. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
In the world of conservative politics, Republican Representative Cathy McMorris Rodgers has arrived.
McMorris Rodgers has represented Washington state in the U.S. House of Representatives since 2005 but spent much of that time in relative obscurity, even while rising in 2009 to become the only woman among the senior Republican leadership in Congress.
That low-profile was raised in March, with three words that still make McMorris Rodgers cringe: “War on women.”
It is the phrase Democrats began using to cast Republicans as insensitive on issues such as equal pay for women, healthcare, protection against domestic abuse and abortion rights.
For McMorris Rodgers, 42, it was a call to action at a time when their male colleagues seemed reluctant to fire back at Democrats.
“I felt compelled to stand up and try to counter this myth” of a Republican “war on women,” said McMorris Rodgers, vice chair of the 242-member Republican conference in the House.
In recent months they have become one of their party's chief counter-punchers to criticism from Democrats.
They have appeared on TV and written defiant opinion articles, saying that Democrats are accusing Republicans of being anti-women because the Democrats do not want to discuss President Barack Obama's handling of the economy and the federal debt.
A PRO-BUSINESS APPROACH
Such arguments might be helping Mitt Romney, the likely Republican nominee to face Obama in the November 6 election.
For months, polls showed Obama with a significant lead over Romney among women, but recent surveys have shown the gap closing. One poll - the CBS/New York Times survey - recently showed Romney with a slight lead among women.
A focus on free-market enterprise runs through McMorris Rodgers' conservative voting record, which they say reflects their stance that all women, like men, are better served when businesses can flourish without being too burdened by government.
That is how they justify votes that draw them the most criticism from Democrats, such as their opposition to a 2009 bill that made it easier for women to sue for pay discrimination.
The law, one of the signature legislative achievements of Obama's administration, was known as the “Lilly Ledbetter Law,” after a Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co worker who had lost their claim of pay discrimination before the Supreme Court because they waited too long to sue. The law loosened the statute of limitations for such lawsuits.
“First off, Republicans believe in equal pay for equal work,” McMorris Rodgers said. “But in 2009, Democrats didn't bother to work with Republicans on this or other issues, and passed a bill that's a trial lawyer's dream. All it does is open the door to more lawsuits and make it harder for job creation.”
Seated in their office across the street from the U.S. Capitol, McMorris Rodgers added in an interview, “The Republican Party is the party of equal opportunity.”
On display are framed photos of their family: Cole, 5, Grace, 1, and their husband, Brian, a retired Navy commander who now works at home.
“My husband has a new appreciation for stay-at-home parents,” McMorris Rodgers said. “Lots of work.”
TAKING HEAT
On Wednesday, McMorris Rodgers was at center stage of a dispute between the Republican-led House and the Democratic-led Senate over the renewal of the 1994 Violence Against Women Act, a law aimed at tackling domestic abuse.
McMorris Rodgers is a co-sponsor of a House bill to reauthorize the law. Them measure does not have the specific safeguards for gays, illegal immigrants and Native Americans that are in the Senate version.
Hundreds of advocacy groups call the House bill inadequate and warn it would weaken the 1994 law. The White House backs the Senate-passed version and threatens to veto the House bill.
McMorris Rodgers brushed off objections and urged colleagues to show “support for their mothers, wives, daughters, neighbors and friends” by voting for the House measure, which passed their chamber on a mostly party-line vote.
Two days before the House vote, McMorris Rodgers faced a grilling on MSNBC's “Hardball with Chris Matthews” about the House bill's lack of coverage for women in same-sex relationships, a particularly hot topic since Obama declared their support for gay marriages last week.
McMorris Rodgers briefly searched for the right words, then told Matthews that “there's nothing under federal law that currently recognizes same-sex couples.”
“But you're a member of congress. You write the law,” said Matthews, a top aide to Democratic House speaker Tip O'Neill in the 1980s who went on to become a journalist and TV commentator.
The liberal blog Daily Kos later posted a story on the encounter with a headline that said: “Matthews rattles lying mouthpiece McMorris Rodgers.”
STRIKING BACK AT PELOSI
While McMorris Rodgers has learned to take such criticism, she's also become adept at dishing it out to Democratic leaders - including Pelosi, who was the first woman to serve as House speaker before their party lost control of the chamber in the 2010 elections.
Pelosi is among the Democrats who have accused Republicans of waging a legislative war on women. Democrats have criticized efforts by Republican-led state legislatures to impose new limits on abortion and Republican drives in Congress to cut health programs for women.
Democrats also have denounced Republicans' calls to eliminate federal aid to Planned Parenthood, a private group that provides healthcare services to women, in addition to abortions.
They pointedly noted that House Republicans held a hearing in February on insurance coverage of birth control that featured an all-male panel.
“Where are the women?” Pelosi asked then.
In a recent appearance on NBC's “Meet the Press,” McMorris Rodgers fired back at Pelosi: “It could be argued that it was the American women that really voted out, fired, the first woman speaker of the House.”
A senior Democratic aide offered a mixed review of the top Republican woman in Congress.
“She's a disciplined, intelligent and engaging messenger,” the aide said. “The problem is their rhetoric” of wanting to help women “doesn't match Republican policy making.”
McMorris Rodgers said they are determined to court women to support the Republican Party - and Mitt Romney's bid for president - by talking about pocketbook issues such as jobs and healthcare.
That includes eliminating Obama's healthcare overhaul, which they say is too expensive and hurts small businesses.
“Republicans who only talk about finances are not going to attract women voters,” McMorris Rodgers said. “Let's talk about healthcare choices ... families, raising children and trying to find a job in a tough economy. These are women's issues and Republican issues for 2012.”
by BRIAN NADIG
Alderman Gilbert Villegas (36th) will hold a community meeting this month on a proposal to build a retail-residential project at the northeast corner of Belmont and Narragansett avenues, where the Peter Pan restaurant was once located.
The number of planned apartments would be in the “mid-20s,” and commercial space would be located on the first floor, said aldermanic aide Justin Heath. Tentative plans call for a four-story building to be constructed near the intersection and a three-story structure to be built closer to homes which are located behind the site.
At least one parking space per apartment is planned, Heath said. The corner one-story building on the 32,000-square-foot parcel, 6338-60 W. Belmont Ave., has been vacant for years.
The meeting will be held at 6 p.m. Thursday, Sept. 29, at the West Belmont Library, 3104 N. Narragansett Ave. The meeting is being held in conjunction with the Northwest Side Housing Center, Belmont Cragin United and the Islamic Community Center of Illinois.
On their Facebook page, Villegas said that the proposal is not a low-income housing project and that the planned apartments for the Belmont site would be offered at market rate.
In January, Villegas rejected a proposal to build a 55-unit affordable housing complex at 3655 N. Central Ave. after objections were raised at a community meeting. Those units would have been marketed toward families with a household income of about $45,000.
Detroit Medical Center became the first hospital in Southeast Michigan to announce layoffs today to prepare for millions of dollars in Medicare sequestration cuts.
"In corporate/administrative and selected hospital areas across the DMC that do not affect care, we are reducing and realigning staff levels by approximately a 2 percent FTE reduction or 300 employees," said Joe Mullany, DMC's CEO, in an employee e-newsletter released today.
In delivering the news of cuts, Mullany wrote: "Health care providers across the country currently are facing revenue shortfalls as a result of the 2 percent sequestration of Medicare funds and further reductions in payments from the State of Michigan Medicaid programs to our hospitals. DMC needs to address the magnitude of these financial shortfalls this year and in the next several years, finding expense reductions equal to our anticipated revenue reductions."
Mullany also said salaries for corporate executives, at the vice president level and above, would be reduced for the fourth quarter 2013.
Over the past several weeks, Crain's has reported that DMC has been laying off top executives and a number of mid-level corporate employees as it conducts department-by-department efficiency reviews at its eight hospitals.
For example, Mary Zuckerman, DMC's executive vice president of administrative services, left last month in a restructuring that phased out their job.
Thomas Malone, M.D., president of Harper University Hospital and Hutzel Women's Hospital, also left DMC after five years.
Last month, Mullany told employees in a company newsletter to expect budget cuts and employee downsizing to match the millions of dollars in expected Medicare cuts over the next year.
Mullany said DMC also has been going through a restructuring program to prepare for more changes under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, or Obamacare.
While expected to kick in during 2014, Mullany said DMC is still reviewing financial implications to projected cuts to the state disproportionate share program that helps fund care to the poor.
Experts believe disproportionate share funding cuts will be phased in as the number of uninsured goes down in a region or state.
DMC receives the bulk of state disproportionate share dollars in Michigan because it cares for one of the largest groups of Medicaid and charity care patients. In 2011, four of DMC's hospitals received $30 million of the $45 million in the state fund.
Despite Michigan hospitals reporting improved profit margins over the last two years because of cost-containment efforts, experts believe hospitals will have to make additional cuts to cope with additional Medicare reductions coming from budget negotiations in Washington aimed at reducing the federal deficit.
"There are actual reimbursement cuts and then there are utilization reductions that are occurring" at hospitals, said Tony Colarossi, partner for health care consulting with Southfield-based Plante Moran.
Colarossi said hospitals will first look at their workforce to reduce costs because that accounts for 50 percent of overall expenses.
"There is no other way for hospitals to maintain their margins," they said.
Several Southeast Michigan hospitals have told Crain's they have planned for the 2 percent sequestration cuts this budget year. Those hospitals include Beaumont Health System, St. John Providence Health System and Henry Ford Health System.
But Colarossi said smaller hospitals that don't have large reserves and that have been struggling for some time might have to consider closing.
"If you can't find a suitable partner you can always close your facility," they said. "This is a serious issue that the state will look at carefully over concerns about access."
Colarossi said some hospitals might simply cease inpatient services and convert to outpatient facilities.
Over the long term, Colarossi said hospitals will begin to look at individual clinical services and whether their patient volumes and profit margins justify maintaining those services.
Correction: An earlier version of this story should have identified Tony Colarossi as partner for health care consulting with Southfield-based Plante Moran.
When science-fiction writers envision the future of humankind, a number of ideas for improving the world repeatedly pop up. They include free, unlimited energy and spaceships traveling at the speed of light. And they include the creation of miniature computers that serve as universal translators, eliminating all language barriers.
The last of these dreams, at least, is something Google intends to make a reality. The man in charge of the project is a computer scientist from a small village near Erlangen, in southwestern Germany.
Franz Josef Och, 41, has long been focused on a single goal: to build the perfect translation computer, a machine that is so inconspicuous and fast "that you hardly notice it all, except as a whisper in your ear," a device that can promptly spit out any text, the content of a website or a conversation in any other language.
For Och, what could amount to trouble-free travel for tourists and a grim future for many interpreters is in fact much more: a path to artificial intelligence. Even as a teenager, they dreamed of machines that could simulate uniquely human attributes.
Och studied computer science and eventually earned a Ph.D., writing their dissertation on artificial intelligence. The Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA), part of the United States Department of Defense, brought them to California. In 2004, Och received a call from Google co-founder Larry Page, who asked: Don't you want to scale up? Och was given their own department, Google Translate.
Exotic fantasies of the future are part of the Internet giant's business model, from the self-driving automobile to experiments on extending life expectancy. Although Google Translate has produced little to date, it is likely that no one has greater ambitions than Och and their team: They want to finally put an end to humankind's Babylonian mixture of languages.
Free of Charge
The German computer scientist and their team have already made substantial progress. Google Translate can now translate text back and forth between 71 languages, be it from English into German or from Icelandic into Japanese.
For instance, when a SPIEGEL article is entered into the program, the user can obtain a French translation within a fraction of a second. Italian websites can be displayed in German with the touch of a button. A puzzling sign at a Japanese train station merely has to be photographed with a smartphone; the Translation app automatically recognizes the text in the image and translates it.
The Google service was used about 200 million times last year. And, so far, it has been free of charge. But multinational companies, in particular, would attach a great deal of value to an automated translation service; Google could almost certainly charge a substantial amount of money for the tool in the future.
For now, however, the company's goal is to perfect the service, and its path leads through the smartphone. The Translation team has developed an app that transforms smartphones into a talking translation machine, with the ability to handle about two dozen languages so far.
The app works very well, as long as sentences are kept relatively simple. For instance, someone who wants to tell a taxi driver in Beijing that they urgently need to get to a pharmacy simply has to speak into their smartphone in, for example, German, and it promptly repeats the sentence in Chinese, correctly but in a somewhat tinny voice: "Qing dai wo qu yijia yaodian."
Och feels that the application is still "slightly slow and awkward, because you have to press buttons." The quality of the translation is also inconsistent. But only a few years ago, people would have said they were crazy if they had predicted what Translate could do today.
'A Quantum Leap'
IBM laid the foundation for automated translation decades ago, but the project made no headway and was soon abandoned. For this reason, the first years at Google were "a pure research project" for Och and a handful of coworkers. Recently, however, they have made tremendous progress -- "a quantum leap," as Och calls it.
The Translation team, headquartered at Google's main campus in Silicon Valley, has grown considerably. It includes several German computer scientists, but not a single linguist. Och themselves isn't exactly a talented linguist, either. On the contrary, they say, "I have trouble learning languages, and that's precisely the beauty of machine translation: The most important thing is to be good at math and statistics, and to be able to program."
Developing dictionaries, defining grammatical structures and all the rules that are normally fed into translation programs to mimic human translators hardly play a role for the Google team. In fact, rules often turn out to be too inflexible and are too much for the computer to handle. In English and in German, for example, adjectives precede the noun, whereas in French it's usually the other way around. As a result, a translation program quickly becomes "lost in translation."
Instead, Google emphasizes what it knows best: the sheer mass of data and statistics. "So what the system is basically doing (is) correlating existing translations and learning more or less on its own how to do that with billions and billions of words of text," says Och. "In the end, we compute probabilities of translation."
And the larger the mass of existing data, the better the system works. This is why the translation computer only became possible as a result of the Internet. The worldwide web offers an enormous wealth of existing translations.
Far from Perfect
The algorithms search through the clutter, gather data and learn along the way. For instance, when the program is tasked with translating a sentence from French into German, say, it searches for matching phrases that already exist and computes how to best compose a new sentence based on this information.
This often works well, but it is still far from perfect. Syntax, intonation and ambiguity remain a significant problem for automated translation programs. Often, the translations they produce are comprehensible, though barely, but are also a nightmare for linguists. The machine simply has no sense of aesthetics.
So does Google have to teach the program creativity to be truly successful? No, says Och, noting that it's really a question of "more effective learning." In other words, the computer needs to master the art of imitation.
The translations are generally better when, from the standpoint of the translation program, the languages are structurally similar in terms of grammar and word structure, and when there is a lot of data. The combination of English and Spanish works particularly well, whereas translating between English and Japanese isn't nearly as effective. "And, unfortunately, English and German happen to be among the difficult language pairs," says Och, "which really irks me."
But what exactly does Google plan to do with Translate? Does the company want to achieve a monopoly on human communication and supremacy over global interaction?
A Slice of Humanity
Och remains vague, saying that the business side of things isn't their department. But they are willing to say this much: "Machine translation makes a lot of information accessible for many people, and that makes many other things possible." The indirect benefit, they explain, is what's important. Google has taken a similar approach with its other products. Its search engine and email service are available at no charge, for now. But they also supply Google with hundreds of millions of users and their data.
At the same time, there is growing competition. A few weeks ago, Facebook acquired a small company that has developed a system for language entry and automated translation. The social network wants to use the system to facilitate communication among its users, of which there are more than a billion from upwards of 200 countries.
The European Union has developed its own automated translation program, called MT@EC, which is primarily designed to tackle bureaucratic jargon. Owing to budget cuts, the EU will likely have to eliminate 10 percent of its human translation workforce in the coming years.
Microsoft has also launched a translation project. Last fall, Rick Rashid, head of Microsoft Research's worldwide operations, unveiled the result at a conference in China. Rashid spoke in English, and a Microsoft computer simultaneously translated their words into Mandarin -- not in a tinny monotone, but in Rashid's own voice, assembled from previously recorded speech samples. At least it captured a slice of humanity.
Heat engines are everywhere—in the power station steam turbines that light up your neighborhood, the internal combustion engine that runs your car, and the engines that push passenger jets through the sky. Typically they weigh a ton or more apiece, heating and cooling some trillion trillion (no, this is not a typo!) molecules to generate power. Now, physicists in Germany have made what could be the world's smallest heat engine using just a single particle: an ion of calcium.
The new device makes far too little power to supply us with energy anytime soon. But Jacob Taylor, a physicist at the National Institute of Standards and Technology in Gaithersburg, Maryland, says it provides experimental data for "a quiet revolution” in statistical physics, the study of how heat flows both in microscopic systems and on the scale of everyday life.
Any heat engine converts thermal energy (heat) into mechanical energy (motion). A medium of some sort, usually a gas, draws heat from a hot body—or bath—to do mechanical work, such as moving a piston. It then dumps any unused heat into a cold bath. In the latest work, carried out by physicist Kilian Singer of the University of Mainz in Germany and colleagues, the calcium ion doubles as both the working medium and the piston; electrical noise provides the hot bath, and a laser beam the cold bath.
To make their engine, the researchers first enclosed the ion (a calcium atom with one electron removed) inside an 8-millimeter-long funnel-shaped electrical trap created by four electrodes. They then heat it with noise generated by another set of electrodes. The noise—a randomly fluctuating electric field—transfers energy to the ion, causing it to wiggle back and forth inside the trap and move toward the broad end of the funnel, making the engine's power stroke. The noise is then turned off, and the calcium ion slows down. It cools after colliding with particles of light from a laser beam that constantly shines through the funnel trap. This cooling forces the ion back to the narrow end of the trap, where the electrical field is strongest. Then the cycle begins again.
In the new engine, a calcium ion converts heat to motion when it is hit by noise coming from a set of electrodes. When the noise stops, the ion slides back into its starting position, and the process begins again.
By turning the noise on and off at just the right rate, the researchers can tune the engine so that the frequency of the ion's up-and-down motion exactly matches the trap's natural oscillation frequency. When this happens, the ion travels ever farther along the funnel from one cycle to the next—like a playground swing that gets higher and higher if you push it at just the right moment in each cycle. The result is a sort of flywheel that gradually builds up usable energy.
Currently, the team dumps that energy by letting another laser absorb it. Singer says it could be potentially tapped to drive a tiny electrical generator, although the amount involved—about 10-24 joules per cycle—is so tiny that billions of single-ion engines would be needed to generate useful power. Running all of those engines in parallel would require a radically new kind of integrated circuit in place of the bulky equipment used in the current experiment.
Instead, Singer says, the main aim of the current work is to "prove the validity of thermodynamics in the single-atom regime." They say the values for the power and efficiency of the engine—the former calculated from the number and frequency of the ion's phonons (vibrational mechanical energy)—are very close to what theory says they should be.
Peter Steeneken, a physicist at the Delft University of Technology in the Netherlands, says the German group provides "convincing evidence" for having built a single-ion engine. They add that the work "provides a way to study the ultimate and fundamental limits of the application of heat engines." But they agree that practical applications are hard to envisage.
Taylor says it will be interesting to see how the quantum-mechanical behavior of tiny heat engines differs from the “classical” physics that governs familiar engines. The current device takes in about 1000 phonons per cycle from the noise—a minuscule amount of energy, but still "about a factor of 1000" too high for scientists to observe real quantum phenomena, they say. "While the experiment is a beautiful demonstration of how a single atom can be used as a heat engine," Taylor says, "there is still substantial work to go until deviations from classical thermodynamics can be seen."
Ian Murdock died in mysterious circumstances, is it a suicide or a murder? There are still a lot of things unclear.
I'm shocked, Ian Murdock, the founder the Debian Linux operating system, one of the most brilliant minds of IT industry has passed away.
How many times did you use the command apt-get, well it is another invention of genius Ian Murdock. Murdock developed Debian in August 1993, they worked at Sun Microsystems and served as the CTO of the Linux Foundation.
They were just 42, and their death is disconcerting news. The news of the Murdock death was spread by the Docker website, a site where Murdock was working as a member of the technical staff.
“Dear friends and members of the open source community, It is with great sadness that we inform you that Ian Murdock passed away on Monday night. This is a tragic loss for their family, for the Docker community, and the broader open source world; we all mourn their passing. To Ian's children, family and loved ones, we offer our full support and deepest sympathies.” states a blog post published by the Docker website.
The cause of death is shrouded in mystery, a few hours before their death, Murdock announced their intention to Murdock announced their intention to commit suicide the same night. The Ian Murdock's Twitter account had been deleted after the alarming message. Complicating the analysis of the events, there are rumors on the web that sustain that the Murdock's account had been hacked and that someone is spreading fake news. Reality, misdirection? Early this week Murdock posted a series of Tweets suggesting they had problems with law enforcement, they said they have been beaten by the police and charged with battery. “Writing up my experience for others to hopefully prevent others from police abuse then you won't hear from me again” they Tweeted “@jacksormwriter wants me dead” “i'm going to post my case on my blog.. if anyone can post it on hacker news or wherever i would apprieciate it “ Who is @jacksormwriter? This is what I have found on https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10813998 throwaway20325 1 hour ago
Archive.is for longevity: @jackstormwriter https://archive.is/doJTE @jackstormwriter commenting on @imurdock's tweet https://archive.is/KTesC @writershorde https://archive.is/oqN9i writershorde.wordpress https://archive.is/qv8aG However, neither Docker, nor the San Francisco Police Department immediately commented on Murdock's actual cause of death. Master, wherever you are at this time continues to fly high, as it always has, a step ahead of others. Rest in Peace Ian! Update December 31th (The Register) The investigators sustain the cause of death is not suspicious, a spokesperson for Docker reported that the real cause is a “private matter.” The Register offered this reconstruction of events occurred in the days before the death of Ian Murdock. “According to the San Francisco police, officers were called to Steiner and Union St in the city at 11.30pm on Saturday, December 26, following reports of a man trying to break into a home – that man was identified as Ian Murdock. They reportedly fought with the cops, and was given a ticket for two counts of assault and one for obstruction of an officer. The techie had been drinking, according to the police logs. A medic arrived to treat an abrasion to Murdock's forehead, and they were released so they could be taken to hospital. A few hours later, on Sunday, December 27 at 2.40am, police were called again to reports of Murdock banging on the door of a neighbor at the very same block. A medic arrived to treat them for any injuries. Officers then took Murdock to the county jail where they were held in a cell.” Murdock was bailed later that day, on Sunday, after a bond, said to be $25,000, was paid. They died the next day.” Pierluigi Paganini (Security Affairs – Ian Murdock, Debian)
Share this...
Linkedin Reddit Pinterest
Share On
Centre Sam Tuitupou says Sale's good start to the Premiership season has raised hopes that they can finish in the top half of the table in May.
The Sharks but are fifth this term after three wins from five games.
"If we can win our home games and pick up a few away wins, we can push for that top six," said Tuitupou, 31.
"We had one hiccup against Newcastle, but it's those games that you learn from and try and improve on."
Sale's impressive start 7 September: Gloucester 16-22 Sale 13 September: Sale 14-15 Newcastle 20 September: Sale 26-22 Wasps 27 September: Northampton 33-14 Sale 4 October: Sale 19-13 Bath
Sale narrowly lost their opening home game to the newly-promoted Falcons and were also beaten at much-fancied Northampton.
But victories against Gloucester, London Wasps and Bath - all sides expected to be in the upper echelons of the Premiership this season - have put Steve Diamond's side within one point of a spot in the top four.
The highlight of their at the AJ Bell Stadium last Friday was a superb defensive effort in the second period, especially for the 10 minutes while Sale were reduced to 14 men after lock Michael Paterson was sin-binned.
Mike Forshaw, a former Great Britain rugby league international, was brought in as a defensive coach during the summer and ex-Sale skipper Tuitupou says they have made a big impact.
"If we're not winning the tackle, we're there to slow the ball down," said the New Zealand international, who returned from a jaw injury to make their first appearance of the season against Bath.
"It makes it a lot easier for our defence to set up for the next phase and get the line speed up. It's been a big plus and hopefully we can carry on the way we've been going."
The Sharks begin their European campaign on Thursday with a home fixture against French club Biarritz in the Challenge Cup, with Tuitupou named in the starting line-up.
I like hearing stories about how people got into computers and programming. Perhaps if I blog my story, you'll share yours.
I went to school in NE Portland in a small and diverse but relatively poor elementary school. I remember the first time a computer showed up in class. It was fifth grade - I think I was 11 - and the computer was an Apple ][. There was only the one computer. This was the 80s and these were $2600 machines if you got the full 48Kb of RAM.
Before I discovered computers I was, in fact, a typewriter nerd. Yes, that existed. I took typing class on old manual (not IBM Selectric) typewriters and I was the kid in class that repaired the typewriters. I remember spending hours trying to figure out what each typewriter needed to fix a stuck key or repair a carriage that wouldn't return.
I was also the A/V (Audio/Visual) geek. This basically meant I was the only one in the class (including the teacher, sometimes) who knew how to thread film onto the projector.
Clearly I was wired to tinker from the start. I was always taking apart the toaster or the clock radio. I loved going to Goodwill or the local flea market and buying broken stuff and trying to bring it back to live. This continues today. Just this weekend my 4 year old and I bought a small toy walking (broken) robot for $2 at a garage sale and spend the evening taking it apart, cleaning the gears, re setting the mechanism and getting it walking again. Perhaps this is also why I like watches with moving parts and hands and not digital ones. I was analog before I was digital, I suppose.
Anyway, when this Apple ][ showed up, I immediately opened it up. I had to see what was inside. This, of course, totally freaked out the teacher but it seemed pretty clear I wasn't going to break it. We had the usual games like Oregon Trail (no color here folks, this was all green screen) and I quickly learned how to get out of these educational games and write things in BASIC.
Screenshot: The original Oregon Trail computer game. (Photo credit: The_Pug_Father via Flickr)
This was all in 5th grade and this was when it all started. I blogged about my fifth grade teacher in 2004. They and their husband attended my wedding. We stayed in touch until their passing. They - along with my parents - was absolutely instrumental in keeping me out of trouble. I can say that I honestly don't know what I'd be doing if they hadn't done something extraordinary.
They let me take the computer home.
In clearer terms, they let my parents and I effectively "steal" the computer every Friday night after everyone left as long as we had it back Sunday night and ready for Monday morning.
This was massive, in case that's unclear. They played favorites and made a deal. They singled me out because they knew without focus that I would be trouble. They used to joke that I would be voted "most likely to be convicted of a white-collar crime." This was a $2000+ computer in the middle of the 80s - the pride of the school - and they let me take it home. I can't imagine what would have happened had we broken it.
Each Friday evening my Dad would back their pickup up to the outside door of their class and we would abscond with the Apple ][. I'd spend the weekend programming, reading the massive spiral notebooks of Apple internals and generally staying away from trouble.
A year or so later when it was clear that I had a knack for computers, I came home from school one day and the family car was gone and there was a Commodore 64 left in its place. My Mom and Dad had sold the car and bought a Commodore.
When it's 30 years later and you're hanging with your spouse and perhaps watching your kids play you will find yourself thinking about how this crazy journey happened. I am standing on the shoulders not only of computer science giants, but also unsung heroes like my parents and my 5th grade teacher. I look forward to the time when I will make sacrifices for my kids and the children in my life. I hope I make those decisions as unselfishly as did the adults in my life.
Thank you Mrs. Hill, for introducing me to computers even though you were breaking a half dozen rules to make it happen.
Thanks, Mom and Dad for bringing a computer into our house even when there wasn't money for one.
What's your story?
Sponsor: I want to thank my friends at DevExpress for sponsoring last week's feed. Take a moment and check out their stuff as they are lovely folks. Touch-enabled apps require developers to re-think design & user experiences. DevExpress tools help you take on these new challenges using your existing skills & today's technologies.
Pokémon GO will get 50+ new Gen III Pokémon this week (Update: They're here.)
Good news, Pokèmon Go fans: Gen III Pokémon are landing this week
Or, I should say, more Gen III Pokémon are landing this week. Niantic tells me that at least 50 new Pokèmon will be added to the game before the week is over, adding to the handful of Gen III monsters that showed up just before Halloween.
Update: as of about 11:30 AM Pacific on 12/8, the Gen III Pokémon have started appearing
“But wait, Greg!” you might say, shaking your Pokédex at the sky. “Gen III is supposed to add something like 130 new Pokèmon! Where are the rest?!”
Niantic isn't dropping everything at once this time around – they'll be rolling them out over time, instead. I'm told they're currently planning on having future Gen III Pokèmon released in themed groups – more Gen III Fire Pokèmon one week, Gen III grass Pokèmon another, etc.
The choice to stagger the release schedule within a generation like this will probably bum out anyone itching to catch'em all ASAP – but it makes some sense. Niantic only has so many generations to work with within the existing Pokèmon universe – and once players catch most of what a generation has to offer, they start clamoring for more. By splitting things up, they're able to keep interest levels a bit more consistent over time.
Gen III is otherwise known as the “Hoenn” generation, and is comprised of Pokèmon that first appeared in Pokèmon Ruby and Sapphire back in 2002.
Niantic's Archit Bhargava also confirmed to me that they'll be hosting an in-game holiday event this month. They didn't say much about what to expect, but did note that they're aiming to start it up sometime around December 21st.
Meanwhile, the company also announced that weather – as in the real world weather outside – will impact the game. More details on that here.
Massey College, an independent residential college affiliated with the University of Toronto, has temporarily suspended the formal title of "master" to refer to its head, and apologized for an incident earlier this week that deeply offended and hurt members of the school.
"The remarks made this week by a member of our community were completely inappropriate and I deeply regret the distress they caused to members of our community," said Hugh Segal, the head of the college, in a statement. In addition, the University of Toronto has issued a statement condemning the "deeply offensive remarks."
The incident happened at a lunch that was attended by three junior fellows of Massey and emeritus history professor Michael Marrus, a senior fellow.
Story continues below advertisement
Read more: Massey College under pressure to cut ties with professor after comment denounced as racist
Hugh Segal, the head of the college, who has the formal title "master," decided to join the table. At that moment, Dr. Marrus remarked to a black junior fellow: "You know this is your master, eh? Do you feel the lash?"
Dr. Marrus, a noted scholar of the Holocaust, who is retired from the university but has a senior fellowship at Massey College, has not commented on the lunch. The students at the table have also not spoken out about their feelings and thoughts at that moment, but have lodged a written complaint with the college.
A petition supporting the students was signed by almost 200 faculty and students at the university. It asked for a formal public apology from the institution, the replacement of the title of master, and anti-racist training for all members of the Massey community.
"In our eyes, the very legitimacy of Massey College hinges on the effectiveness of your response to this incident," the petition stated. "We encourage you to approach this moment with the seriousness it demands, and with the courage and vision to make this an occasion for fulsome transformation."
The petition also demanded that the college sever ties with Dr. Marrus. That is the only action the college has not taken.
"Words and statements like these in no way reflect the position of Massey College as a whole," Mr. Segal said in a statement sent late Friday to members of the college. "There is no place for overt, jocular or subtle racism here," they wrote.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Others at the college said they will work on anti-racism initiatives: We "are deeply saddened by the incident," said a statement from the Diversity Committee sent to The Globe and Mail. "We will work with the administration to ensure justice is served, that this incident doesn't happen again and all options are explored to achieve this objective."
A task force at the college had already been examining whether the school should drop the title of master. A permanent decision will be made once the task force releases its findings. But Mr. Segal said they would not be opposed to such a change.
"The term is tied to Oxbridge and the idea of master of one's craft or art, not a master-slave reference. But we should be open to revision if it is no longer appropriate," they said in an interview.
The title "has been associated with violence and the 'lash' in this week's incident. "Head of College" will be what my post should be called until the task force of the governing board can agree on an appropriate and permanent title …," they explained in their statement to the Massey community.
John Fraser, a master of the college for 19 years, said they also believe the title is no longer useful.
"If it has become such a divisive issue, it should be removed," Mr. Fraser said. "We can talk to the moon about the origins and that it was not racist, but my view is that if it hinders the college from doing what it does best, then they should do away with it," they said.
Story continues below advertisement
Massey is governed by a board that is independent of the University of Toronto, but U of T has also offered to help the college with its diversity training.
The "remarks are absolutely incompatible with the University of Toronto's commitment to equity, diversity and inclusion, and with our goal of providing an environment for our students, faculty and staff that is free of racism and other forms of discrimination," said Kelly Hannah-Moffat, U of T's vice-president of human resources and equity.
Dr. Marrus is a fellow of the Royal Society of Canada, the author of eight books on the Holocaust including The Holocaust in History, Lessons of the Holocaust and co-author of Vichy France and the Jews, and a former dean of the U of T's school of graduate studies.
Massey College was established in 1962 and its first master was author, critic and professor Robertson Davies.
In an opinion piece Tuesday, political writer and social justice activist Shaun King declared that he's boycotting the NFL because of its "blatant bigotry and anti-blackness." Though 70 percent of the players and an increasing number of coaches in the NFL are black, King has concluded that the league is openly racist and thus doesn't deserve their patronage. The final nail in the coffin of King's NFL fandom: the "pro-Trump owners" refuse to sign the sub-par former 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick.
King begins the announcement of their very important personal boycott by noting that they really, really like sports, particularly the NFL. In other words, this is going to be really, really hard for him:
I'm an NFL fan. I watch the draft. I pay extra for the season pass on television so I can watch every single game. I follow the stats and standings and rankings religiously. It's an escape for me. Day in and day out, as I fight against injustice, watching a great game allows me to decompress from the stress of the cases I'm working on or writing about. I'm 37 years old and literally cannot remember a year in my life where I have not been a sports junkie.
But because of the league's treatment of the America-protesting, Fidel Castro-praising Kaepernick, whose team lost nearly every game they started last year, King can't "in good conscience" patronize pro-football any longer:
But I won't be watching the NFL this year. I can't, in good conscience, support this league, with many of its pro-Trump owners, as it blacklists my friend and brother Colin Kaepernick for taking a silent, peaceful stance against injustice and police brutality in America. It's disgusting and has absolutely nothing to do with football and everything to do with penalizing a brilliant young man for the principled stance they took last season. I did not want to make this decision, but it became inevitable when the Seattle Seahawks, after flying Kaepernick across country to meet with the team, instead decided to sign Austin Davis as their backup quarterback. It's a disgrace. I sincerely want to apologize for how hard I am about to go against Austin Davis, because it's great that they got the job, but the man is a scrub.
A few thoughts on the "principled stance" Kaepernick took last season. As many people on Kaepernick's side of the argument have also noted, Kaepernick conveniently became "principled" while their career was rapidly fading as the second-string quarterback in San Francisco. After being named starter because Blaine Gabbert was struggling, Kaepernick continued their "principled" protest of America and police officers amid the praise of President Obama, the Democratic Party, ESPN, TIME magazine and every other major left-leaning news organization in the country. At the end of the year, Kaepernick was rewarded for their protest by the 49ers, who gave them their "inspirational" award. But When Kaepernick no longer had a contract, they conveniently dropped their "principled stance" and announced he'd stop the distracting and disrespectful protests.
After King ripped Austin Davis, King tried to make the case that despite leading the 49ers to their worst season ever, Kaepernick was really good. "It's racism. It's bigotry. It's discrimination. Period. It's not football. Don't call it football. If you call the decisions by 32 teams to not sign this man a football decision, you don't know football and probably voted for Donald Trump," writes King. Believing they had adequately defended their "friend and brother," King condemned the NFL for its decision to bring back, wait for it, Hank Williams, Jr., who, according to King is an utter "bigot" and once "openly called Barack Obama Hitler, then a Muslim, and has gone on bigoted and homophobic rants since."
It's a spit in the face of every African-American fan, every LGBT fan, and everybody who despises bigotry and Islamophobia. Hank Williams, Jr., and Austin Davis are employed right now and Colin Kaepernick isn't. Shame on this league for following Trump's lead in spirit, tone and now in actions. I'm appalled. As a lifelong fan, I'm deeply disappointed. What I do know is this — I can't support this product.
So there you have it. Though 70 percent of NFL rosters are black, the whole league is "anti-black." Or maybe it's just that NFL teams simply don't want to bother employing a sub-par quarterback who alienates a massive chunk of their audience by grandstanding and condemning the country and police officers?
Dreams are those fragments of our life which, although regular, go unnoticed and are easily forgotten in wake of reality. However, there are a few dreams, and even nightmares, which stay with you and get that rare attention. And if you gave them enough thought, you'll be surprised at the amazing stories that can blossom from them!
Many times, our subconscious picks up various fragments of information, connect them together, wraps it up in a nice package and presents it to us in our dreams. Says dream analyst Sangeeta Krishnan, ‘When we dream, our subconscious takes control. But because the language of the subconscious mind is very different, the images we see can range from slightly odd to bizarre.'
The question often arises whether dreams are trying to communicate something or if they are simply a private movie theatre of the mind playing everything that it registers. Sangeeta said, ‘Dreams can be considered as messages sent to you from the subconscious, to guide you in certain areas of your life. Dreams also allow us to process all the inputs we had during our conscious hours.'
It is often said that dreams can be a result of even a millisecond worth of information registered in our subconscious. ‘The subconscious is highly tuned in to things that even our conscious mind might not otherwise be aware of, which sometimes gets translated into dreams,' explains Sangeeta.
Little do we realize, that sometimes our subconscious is nudging us to write the next bestseller.
The best illustration for this is the Twilight series, whose author Stephanie Meyer had a dream about a stunning vampire trying to explain to an ordinary human girl how them being together is not safe, since they love them and also craves their blood.
They held on to that idea, and we all know where that has gotten them today. Not only Stephanie Meyer, but there are various examples of writers using their dreams in their work. Stephen King, the master of horror, has used dreams in a lot of theirs stories. The famous Frankenstein is another excellent example of a dream inspired story.
If not the entire story, authors tend to use them for certain parts of their work too. Award winning author and poet, Chitra Divakaruni, said, ‘I have turned some images from dreams into poems. Sometimes I take an image and put it into a short story.'
It seems that every week, there is some fresh improvement in the beer scene in Cornwall.
For exam­ple, Pen­zance now has its own home brew­ing sup­ply shop; the Lamp & Whis­tle keeps expand­ing its range of Bel­gian and keg ‘craft beer'; and a spe­cial­ist beer shop is to open in Truro in the next month or so.
Over a few pints of St Austell Big Job at Dock­to­ber­fest on Fri­day, we found our­selves pon­der­ing these devel­op­ments, and whether they might fit into a gen­er­alised check­list of indi­ca­tors of a healthy beer cul­ture.
Here's what we came up with:
1. There is a drink­ing estab­lish­ment with­in walk­ing dis­tance of where you live where you like to spend time, and which serves decent beer.
2. If you are skint, there is an accept­able drink­ing estab­lish­ment with­in walk­ing dis­tance which sells decent beer at ‘bar­gain' prices.
3. If you fan­cy some­thing spe­cial, there is a pub or bar with­in reach on pub­lic trans­port (WRPT) which sells imports and ‘craft beer'.
4. The near­est town/city cen­tre has a range of pubs serv­ing dif­fer­ent demo­graph­ics, and offer­ing between them a range of local­ly-pro­duced beers along­side nation­al brands.
5. There is a well-estab­lished family/regional brew­ery.
6. There are sev­er­al brew­eries found­ed since 1975.
7. There is at least one brew­ery found­ed since 2005.
8. There is a region­al spe­cial­i­ty – a beer peo­ple ‘must drink' when they vis­it.
9. There is an inde­pen­dent off licence (‘bot­tle shop’) WRPT.
10. There is a shop sell­ing home brew­ing sup­plies WRPT.
11. There is at least one beer fes­ti­val in the region.
Per­haps inevitably, there’s an obvi­ous UK-bias in the way we’ve approached this, and in how we’ve word­ed the list, although we did our best to avoid it. We’ve also used lots of delib­er­ate­ly vague terms – don’t ask us to define ‘decent’! (Or ‘beer cul­ture’…)
With those disclaimers in mind, what have we missed? And how does where you live score?
Football fans attach emotional significance to how many people turn up to watch their team play. We feel pride when our club packs out our home stands or takes a boisterous army on the road and we delight in mocking our rivals when clusters of empty seats punctuate their sections. Attendance ribbing is a time-honoured staple of supporter culture, albeit one now threatened by practices imported from the American sports industry.
A club's attendance figures can be compared to the body's heartbeat. They reflect overall health. Victories, defeats, goals scored and league position are key drivers behind a club's popularity, but success on the pitch doesn't necessarily translate into increased turnstile clicks. Stadium facilities must meet the needs of a diverse, modern-day support; directors need to follow a vision for the club that aligns with the fans' expectations; sales and marketing departments have to capture the attention of the potential fanbase; and ticket prices need to be acceptable.
External factors also play a part: weather, kick-off times, competing events and so on. Today's match reports feature all kinds of statistics – from ball possession and shots on goal to pass completion and distances covered – yet the attendance figure holds a unique magnetism that allows us to gauge the vitality of our clubs.
American sports executives have long operated under different rules, whereby the announced attendance frequently bears little relation to the number of people present. Clubs and leagues want to inflate their numbers. Higher crowds attract more lucrative sponsorship contracts. They persuade city officials to allocate taxpayers' funds to new stadium projects for clubs owned by billionaires. They have prompted Major League Soccer to tout itself as the world's sixth most popular league based on a deeply flawed comparison to global averages.
46,000 fans a game: Atlanta United's strange success far from soccer's heartland Read more
There are myriad ways in which American teams artificially enhance their popularity. Tickets sold are included in the attendance figure whether the purchaser turns up or not. This applies to season-ticket holders and those who obtain heavily discounted tickets, perhaps through group deals to youth organisations. And it's not just tickets sold that count. Teams commonly give away tickets to sponsors, media outlets, employees, players and charities, sometimes with few of those allocated seats being used.
Teams at all levels of American soccer's closed-league structure are under pressure to report growing attendance numbers. Chivas USA were struggling to meet MLS head office expectations in 2014, with their announced crowds plummeting to about 7,000 from almost 20,000 eight years earlier, so MLS shuttered the franchise at the end of that season in the same way McDonald's would decommission an underperforming store.
The Empty Seats Galore Twitter account has become a regular nuisance to American franchises with its collation of photographs taken from sparsely populated stands. Houston Dynamo have become a particularly egregious attendance offender in MLS since moving into their 22,000-seat stadium in 2012. The Dynamo season-opener against the Seattle Sounders in March was announced as attracting a preposterous 20,758 fans. Second-tier Pittsburgh Riverhounds were mocked for claiming a record crowd of 4,297 had turned up at their Highmark Stadium in August 2015 when there were clearly unoccupied areas in their 3,500-seat venue. It's like claiming 200 people attended your birthday party because you invited all your Facebook friends when in reality only 20 turned up. Nobody wants to appear unsuccessful.
America's media expresses little interest in questioning crowds numbers but a few reporters have held clubs to account. In September 2013, the Orlando Sentinel newspaper alleged that Orlando City were averaging fewer than 4,000 fans despite their claims of surpassing 8,000. A record crowd of 10,697 had been announced for a game at the Florida Citrus Bowl when turnstile records maintained by city officials showed there were only 4,004 scanned tickets. At the time Orlando City was lobbying local council leaders for construction of a new soccer-specific stadium, partly financed by taxpayers, to enhance the club's push to obtain an MLS franchise.
In November 2016 the weekly journal Business in Vancouver exposed overstated attendances at Vancouver Whitecaps games. The club had claimed an average attendance of 20,889 at the publicly owned BC Place Stadium that year, but records show the figure was 19% lower at 17,537. Stadium management was forced to disclose its attendance numbers after losing a three-year legal battle over freedom of information request. Whitecaps executives had argued that actual attendances were proprietary information that would harm relationships with sponsors and broadcasters if disclosed.
Most fans in the US seem unfazed about clubs lying to them about attendance figures. “Everybody else does it,” is a typical excuse for a practice that may benefit a club if those fake numbers succeed in attracting income to invest in better players, better facilities and, presumably, higher bonuses and salaries for the executives peddling such falsities. Perhaps American fans have merely become desensitised to blatant distortions. After all, the White House press secretary blethered on about a record audience for the inauguration of Donald Trump.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Another full house at the Emirates. Photograph: Paul Childs/Reuters
Over the last few years the trend has spread to Europe, partly due to American investors buying into football clubs. Since Stan Kroenke became Arsenal's largest shareholder in 2011, their fans have noticed some unlikely attendance figures. “It's been a running joke that halfway through the second half, Arsenal will announce an attendance figure of around 60,000,” wrote Phil Wall of the Arsenal Supporters' Trust in August 2014 after Metropolitan Police figures for the previous season showed that average crowds at the Emirates were 6,550 lower than the club claimed.
“It helps the team if the stadium is actually full rather than just pretending to be,” wrote Wall. “Better atmosphere, more backing for the team, more enjoyable for everyone. It's a no-brainer.” The situation harms fans. Either they are unable to obtain a ticket when thousands of seats are lying unused or they are left in a stadium where the atmosphere is diluted. The clubs, however, might want to bolster attendance figures to justify soaring ticket prices.
It's not just an issue at Arsenal. Greater Manchester Police records revealed the average crowd at Old Trafford during the 2012-13 season was almost 10,000 lower than Manchester United's figure; Celtic's publicised attendance of 49,428 for a league game against Ross County in December 2012 was more than 20,000 higher than the figure reported to Strathclyde Police for crowd management purposes; and Rangers' meeting with Queen's Park in October 2012 showed a discrepancy of almost 15,000.
Attendances were a particularly contentious issue for Celtic fans in the early 1990s. A series of boycotts aimed at ousting the Kelly and White family dynasties who had controlled the club for most of its existence saw Parkhead crowds plunging to around 10,000 for many games in the year before Fergus McCann wrested control in March 1994. Fanzine writers suspected the Celtic board was inflating attendance figures to downplay the extent of supporter unrest. More recently, Celtic Park experienced lower-than-announced crowds due to stale performances under the management of Ronny Deila during the 2015-16 season and general fan malaise toward an unchallenging domestic fixture list.
Rose Reilly: the only Scottish footballer to win the World Cup ... as Italy captain Read more
Scotland is said to draw some of the largest crowds in Europe on a per capita basis, with up to 2% of the country's population attending Scottish Premiership games each weekend. A total attendance figure of 3.2 million last season made the Scottish top flight the eighth best attended in Europe – above larger countries such as Belgium, Poland, Turkey, Sweden, Greece and the Czech Republic. This would appear to augur well for the health of Scottish football but how accurate are these figures? How do you make realistic comparisons to other seasons and other clubs when the numbers are devoid of integrity?
Football fans have been given plenty of reasons to be suspicious of the people who run the game – Fifa, Uefa, the FA and club owners. How will these bodies win back trust when they don't even tell the truth about the number of supporters at matches? How much comfort would we have in our diets and fitness if our blood pressure readings were routinely fabricated to make them more attractive?
• This article is from issue five of Nutmeg magazine
• Follow Nutmeg and Ian Thomson on Twitter
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The BBC's Orla Guerin in Cairo: "This election feels like a formality, Abdul Fattah al-Sisi looks guaranteed an easy win"
Polling in Egypt's presidential election has been extended, in an effort to encourage a high turnout on the final day of voting.
A public holiday has been declared, and voters have been warned they will be fined if they do not cast a ballot.
The scale of turnout is seen as key to legitimising the winner. Former military chief Abdul Fattah al-Sisi is the clear frontrunner.
 They are standing against only one other candidate, left-winger Hamdeen Sabahi.
Unofficial results are expected hours after polls close at 22:00 (19:00 GMT).
It is the second presidential election since the 2011 revolution which toppled Hosni Mubarak.
The previous elected President, Islamist Mohammed Morsi, was deposed by Mr Sisi in July 2012 following massive opposition protests.
After polls closed on Monday, authorities announced that voting would be extended for an hour on Tuesday, which was declared a public holiday, to try to boost turnout.
Election officials said they would enforce a fine of over 500 Egyptian pounds ($72) for non-voting.
There has been no announcement from the Higher Election Commission on Monday's turnout, although Reuters news agency said the number of people casting their vote appeared lower than in previous elections.
Image copyright AP Image caption Polling resumed on Tuesday, with a public holiday declared and voting hours extended
Image copyright Reuters Image caption The level of turnout will be decisive in giving legitimacy to the winner
Image copyright Reuters Image caption The election is being held amid heavy security because of the threat of attacks by militants
Image copyright AP Image caption Former army chief Abdul Fattah al-Sisi is expected to win by a wide margin
Image copyright AFP Image caption Mr Sisi cast their vote shortly after polls opened on Monday
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Their sole challenger is left-wing Hamdeen Sabahi, who came third in the election in 2012
In 2012, just under 52% of the electorate voted, handing a slim victory to Mohammed Morsi.
The Associated Press news agency reported election monitoring groups as saying turnout was moderate, apart from in Islamist-dominated areas where it was low to non-existent.
Voters in a queue asked a young man: 'Don't you want to vote?' They answered: 'I didn't take part in the revolution and watch my friends die to then vote in an election that is nothing but a show' Ahmed Omar, BBC Arabic, Suez Egypt election: BBC reporters at the scene
"Sisi killed youths and now they are grabbing power. This is the biggest evidence that [the ousting of Mohammed Morsi] was a coup," Mohamed Gamal told AFP news agency in the pro-Morsi town of Kerdasa.
Polling stations visited by AFP in Cairo were deserted on Tuesday morning, the agency reported.
The election is being held amid tight security, with more than 250,000 troops and police deployed across the country, according to the interior ministry, amid fear of attacks by militants seeking to disrupt the polls.
Voting on Monday passed off without an major incident.
Shortly after polls opened on the first day, Mr Sisi cast their vote at a polling station in Heliopolis, Cairo, amid a throng of reporters and spectators.
"The Egyptians are coming out to write their history and chart their future," said the 59-year-old, dressed in a dark suit and tie.
Mr Sisi appeals to Egyptians who crave stability after years of political upheaval, and anything other than an easy win for them would be a source of astonishment, says the BBC's Kevin Connolly in Cairo.
Mohammed Morsi's Muslim Brotherhood, banned as a "terrorist group", called for a boycott of the polls. More than 1,400 people have been killed and 16,000 detained since authorities cracked down on the movement in July.
Mr Morsi and other Brotherhood leaders are on trial on a raft of charges, including murder.
Some secular activists, including the 6 April youth movement which was prominent in the 2011 revolution, have also shunned the polls in protest at the curtailing of civil rights.
A California lawmaker who got a communist dictator to harbor a cop-murdering Black Panther fugitive and accused the CIA of selling crack cocaine in black neighborhoods has become the laughing stock of Congress for threatening to nationalize the oil industry.
California's most influential black lawmaker, Democrat Representative Maxine Waters, made the threat during recent congressional hearings with oil company executives. They said the federal government would take over their industry if they failed to do something to stop the escalating price of gasoline.
Waters told the president of a major oil company to “guess what this liberal would be all about? This liberal would be all about socializing — uh, uh, would be about basically taking over and the government running all of your companies.” One renowned commentator, who said Waters made an absolute total fool of herself, points out that the member of congress's associates can be heard laughing in the video of the embarrassing exchange.
This is just the latest shameful performance in Waters' storied congressional career. They have been crowned among the nation's most corrupt members of Congress by a reputable ethics watchdog for awarding federal contracts to businesses owned by or connected to members of their family, including their husband and children.
They frequently take trips to communist Cuba to visit their convicted cop-assassin friend, Joanne Chesimard, who is also known by their Black Panther name of Assata Shakur. In 1979 Chesimard murdered a New Jersey State trooper and a jury convicted them of murder and sentenced them to life in prison. In a daring breakout with the help of fellow cult members, Chesimard escaped from prison and fled to Cuba. U.S. lawmakers insisted they be extradited but Waters always stood by their side, even likening them to civil rights leader Martin Luther King.
In fact, they wrote Cuban Dictator Fidel Castro a letter to say that they were not part of the group of U.S. legislators who voted for a resolution to extradite the cop murderer. Waters told Castro that they opposed extradition because Chesimard was “politically persecuted” in the U.S. and simply seeking political asylum in Havana, where they still live.
In the 1980s Waters accused the CIA of selling crack cocaine to blacks in their south central Los Angeles district to raise millions of dollars to support clandestine operations in Latin America, including a guerrilla army. During the infamous 1992 Los Angeles riots they repeatedly excused the violent behavior that destroyed the areas they represent in the House. They dismissed the severe beating of a white truck driver by saying the anger in their district was righteous. They also excused looters who stole form stores by saying they were simply mothers capitalizing on an opportunity to take some milk, bread and shoes.
Is @OrphanBlack back on yet? No? How about now? Not yet? How about…now? JFC hurry up already!! — Orlando Jones (@TheOrlandoJones) October 1, 2014
@TheOrlandoJones Waiting for the new season like pic.twitter.com/rvEr8wBTWv — Orphan Black (@OrphanBlack) October 1, 2014
Remember the time when Suits' Patrick J. Adams tweeted about their love for Orphan Black so much that they landed a guest spot on the show? Now, our favorite police captain and Tumblr wizard – Sleepy Hollow's Orlando Jones – is trying to get in on the action. And we heartily approve.
Jones, a self-confessed fangirl, tweeted about how much they (like all of us) is missing Orphan Black. After the show's official account responded to him, so did the folks at Temple Street, the production company who make Clone Club possible:
.@TempleStreet @OrphanBlack I'd be the craft service guy on the show if you'd have me. Let's also talk about developing something together — Orlando Jones (@TheOrlandoJones) October 1, 2014
TEMPLE STREET. This is important. Please make this happen. Jones has already appeared in The Cloneversation, the chat show that aired before OB season two.  They are so, so excellent to fans, and super-active on Twitter and Tumblr. And imagine the amazing fusion of the Sleepyheads and the Clone Club?
I think I'd like to see Jones as Art's new, no-nonsense partner, who finds out about the clones in a weird run-in with Helena and some hard-boiled eggs. Let's do this.
(via The Nerdist)
Previously in Sleepy Hollow
Are you following The Mary Sue on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest, & Google +?
Islamic State fighters have broken through government defensive lines in the Syrian city of Deir ez-Zor, surrounding a military airport and cutting off food supplies for roughly a quarter of a million civilians in what could become a major humanitarian disaster.
Deir ez-Zor in eastern Syria is divided between the militants and the government of Bashar al-Assad. The areas controlled by the government have long been under siege but were sustained by supplies flown in to the nearby military airport and by airdrops from the World Food Programme.
But on Monday, Isis fighters, which sources from the city said were primarily reinforcements coming over the border from Iraq's Anbar province, broke through government lines, splitting its territory in half and taking control of the area where the WFP's airdrops landed.
The starry night in Syria – in pictures Read more
The UN body announced on Monday that it had halted its airdrops, leaving a quarter of a million civilians believed to reside in the government-held areas of Deir ez-Zor under a tightened Isis siege. The Syrian military said it responded with a series of airstrikes on Isis positions in the area.
Areas controlled by Isis are not covered under a nationwide ceasefire deal intended to pave the way for peace talks that will begin next week in Kazakhstan.
The attack is the fiercest assault by Isis on the city after months of stalemate, with dozens already killed on both sides. The group has faced concerted assaults on its territory in both Syria and Iraq, as it grapples with the losses of key leaders in assassination strikes by the US-led coalition.
In Iraq, the group is under attack in its most populous city, Mosul, where Iraqi forces backed by the US and militia fighters are inching their way forward.
In Syria the group has lost much of the countryside around its de facto capital, Raqqa, and is facing a Turkish-backed assault in the coming days on a key city north of Aleppo, al-Bab. “Al-Bab now is surrounded and the al-Bab operation is going full force despite some hiccups along the way,” said Ibrahim Kalin, a spokesperson for the Turkish president. “We are determined to clear that city from all Daesh [Isis] elements.”
Observers believe the aim of the Isis assault on Deir ez-Zor is to preempt any Syrian government offensive on its territory while the group is distracted by battles elsewhere. The area under Isis control in the city has an estimated 10,000 civilians and is hemmed in by government forces to the south and the Euphrates river to the north.
A source from Deir ez-Zor with knowledge of the local terrain said Isis lacks the firepower to take control of the entire city. “They most likely wanted to take the initiative and prevent regime attacks, cut off government soldiers in the city, and put a stop to the airdrops,” the source said. “Their positions right now are exposed so they're likely to move towards the military airport and seize civilian districts to take shelter there, so the regime can't attack them unless they adopt a scorched-earth policy.”
The military airport in Deir ez-Zor, manned by elite units from the Syrian Republican Guard, has withstood repeated assaults by Isis.
The city was first besieged when Isis conquered the historic city of Palmyra, cutting off land supply routes into Deir ez-Zor city except for supplies flown in by air. Many of the city's residents have endured harsh deprivation, with limited fuel, food and water and repeated flare-ups of violence.
Deir ez-Zor has long had major strategic importance. It is close to key oilfields that were a crucial financial lifeline for Isis and is also near militant supply lines that were used to smuggle fighters across the nearby Iraqi border, even during the US occupation.
The fighting in Deir ez-Zor shows Isis still has the capacity to launch major military operations despite the loss of much territory and tens of thousands of fighters on multiple battlefronts over the last two and a half years. Late last year the group once again took control of Palmyra after the retreat of the Syrian military, which had taken the city back from Isis just months earlier.
New DOJ Boss Says They Haven't Read DOJ Investigations Into Abusive Policing, Calls Them 'Anecdotal'
from the DOJ-v.-American-Public dept
New Attorney General Jeff Sessions has just sent another message about the future of US law enforcement: there will be no policing of the police during the Trump Years. In their first on-the-record briefing, Sessions flat-out stated the DOJ's many civil rights investigations of local police departments mean nothing.
[Sessions] said they had not read the Obama Justice Department's scathing reports on unconstitutional policing practices in Ferguson, Mo., or in Chicago, reasoning that they found the summaries "pretty anecdotal."
Nothing is more useless than deliberately ignored facts. Summing up multi-year investigations as "anecdotal" goes far beyond willful ignorance into dangerously-smug territory. At least when FBI director James Comey said they hadn't bothered reading the CIA Torture Report, they had the excuse that the info included did not directly reference their area of control.
Sessions doesn't have this excuse. But their focus isn't on what's wrong with America's law enforcement. He's only interested in what's wrong with Americans. They want tougher sentencing and tougher laws. He's looking at moving forward with federal prosecutions targeting legal marijuana sales. They want to ease restrictions on asset forfeiture. They have shown no concern about the policed, only for the police.
Sessions also called police officers cowards during their briefing.
Sessions said police officers in Chicago were arresting people less frequently, which they speculated may be out of fear their interactions could be recorded and spread on the internet.
"The officer feared for their observation." That's the jist of this statement by Sessions. They may think this is a perfectly acceptable reason for Chicago PD officers to not do the job they're paid to do, but only a coward would shy away from doing their job because it might be witnessed by others. What a bunch of shit.
But back to the "anecdotal" shrug off of the DOJ Civil Rights Division's work. Here's some of the stuff Sessions has the audacity to call "anecdotal."
From the DOJ investigation of the Ferguson PD:
We spent, collectively, approximately 100 person-days onsite in Ferguson. We participated in ride-alongs with on-duty officers, reviewed over 35,000 pages of police records as well as thousands of emails and other electronic materials provided by the police department. Enlisting the assistance of statistical experts, we analyzed FPD's data on stops, searches, citations, and arrests, as well as data collected by the municipal court. We observed four separate sessions of Ferguson Municipal Court, interviewing dozens of people charged with local offenses, and we reviewed third-party studies regarding municipal court practices in Ferguson and St. Louis County more broadly. As in all of our investigations, we sought to engage the local community, conducting hundreds of in-person and telephone interviews of individuals who reside in Ferguson or who have had interactions with the police department. We contacted ten neighborhood associations and met with each group that responded to us, as well as several other community groups and advocacy organizations. Throughout the investigation, we relied on two police chiefs who accompanied us to Ferguson and who themselves interviewed City and police officials, spoke with community members, and reviewed FPD policies and incident reports.
Also "anecdotal:" (from the Chicago investigation)
First, we reviewed thousands of pages of documents provided to us by CPD, IPRA, and the City, including policies, procedures, training plans, Department orders and memos, internal and external reports, and more. We also obtained access to the City's entire misconduct complaint database and data from all reports filled out following officers' use of force. From there, we reviewed a randomized, representative sample of force reports and investigative files for incidents that occurred between January 2011 and April 2016, as well as additional incident reports and investigations. Overall, we reviewed over 170 officer-involved shooting investigations, and documents related to over 425 incidents of less-lethal force. We also spent extensive time in Chicago—over 300 person-days—meeting with community members and City officials, and interviewing current and former CPD officers and IPRA investigators. In addition to speaking with the Superintendent and other CPD leadership, we met with the command staff of several specialized units, divisions, and departments. We toured CPD's training facilities and observed training programs. We also visited each of Chicago's 22 police districts, where we addressed roll call, spoke with command staff and officers, and conducted over 60 ride-alongs with officers. We met several times with Chicago's officer union, Lodge No. 7 of the Fraternal Order of Police, as well as the sergeants', lieutenants', and captains' unions. All told, we heard from over 340 individual CPD members, and 23 members of IPRA's staff. Our findings were also significantly informed by our conversations with members of the Chicago community. We met with over ninety community organizations, including non-profits, advocacy and legal organizations, and faith-based groups focused on a wide range of issues. We participated in several community forums in different neighborhoods throughout Chicago where we heard directly from the family members of individuals who were killed by CPD officers and others who shared their insights and experiences. We also met with several local researchers, academics, and lawyers who have studied CPD extensively for decades. Most importantly, however, we heard directly from individuals who live and work throughout the City about their interactions with CPD officers. Overall, we talked to approximately a thousand community members. We received nearly 600 phone calls, emails, and letters from individuals who were eager to provide their experiences and insights.
The DOJ Civil Rights Division won't be given this long of an investigative leash under Sessions. The Trump Administration is already planning to cut this division's budget, and the man at the top of the organizational chart is just going to dismiss the findings without even reading them. Sessions says he's "not sure" if he'll pursue a consent agreement with the Chicago PD, which strongly suggests they won't. They seem more concerned about the criminal activity in the city and fails to see how unconstitutional and abusive policing may be making it worse.
Police accountability is off the table for the next four years minimum. Whoever inherits this mess will have to make up a lot of lost ground. Under this administration, law enforcement officers will be untouchable, as least at the federal level. The groundwork has begun on Police State, USA.
Filed Under: abuses, chicago, chicago pd, civil rights, doj, jeff sessions
The price of Aston Martin DB5s has long left the reach of mere mortals, but if you don't mind not being able to drive it this DB5 up for auction soon could be a worthy alternative. The third-scale replica of James Bond's iconic DB5 is up for auction with Christie's and as its color suggests, honors the vehicle's appearance in the classic Goldfinger movie.
MUST SEE: First Lamborghini Huracán Crash Results In Nothing But Ashes
Created by prop-makers Propshop, the scale Aston Martin model is plated in 24-carat gold and features radio-controlled machine guns, a bullet-proof shield and revolving license plate—just like the car in the movie. The model has also been signed by Sir Ken Adam—the production designer who originally created the Q brand modifications to the DB5.
While the iconic Aston Martin DB5 appeared in several Bond films (and has since appeared in later movies, including Goldeneye and Skyfall), it's perhaps best remembered from Goldfinger. Driven by Sean Connery's 007, Bond used several high-tech gadgets during its time on-screen—including a navigation system, wheel hub spikes and that bullet-proof shield. Most memorable of all is the car's ejector seat, used to launch one of Goldfinger's henchmen.
WATCH: Vaughn Gittin Jr. Has The Coolest Dog In The World: Video
The model is expected to sell at the Christie's auction for between $66,000-100,000—not cheap, but rather less expensive than full-size gold cars can reach. Joining the DB5 is a unique Omega Goldfinger Seamaster Aqua Terra wristwatch, a first-edition Goldfinger book, an original British cinema poster, and a special golden edition of Taschen's The James Bond Archives signed by current Bond actor Daniel Craig. Proceeds from the DB5 auction will benefit the U.K.'s National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children (NSPCC). Bidding is already open, and closes on September 17—the 50th anniversary of the world premiere of Goldfinger.
_______________________________________
Follow Motor Authority on Facebook, Twitter, and Google+
I sent this to Jerry Pournelle some time ago: here's a current version
Let us assume that we really could make drugs that increased intelligence. I'm pretty sure it's actually possible, and the approach that makes it easy is looking at the results of natural selection, rather than trying to understand everything about human biochemistry from the ground up. Some of the causative mutations in Ashkenazi genetic diseases such as Tay-Sachs and Gaucher are good candidates. If I were a science fiction writer, I'd wonder where an application of this would lead. I can think of a number of possibilities – for some of them, the book or short story has already been written.
Possibilities:
A. The drugs could be too expensive for universal use.
A1. I doubt if they would be in the millionaire-only club – I don't think any other drug is, really, not when there are a lot of customers to spread the fixed costs over.
A2. But it would be easy for them to be too expensive for general use in non-first-world countries. Them that has, gets. Even if too expensive for general use in a poor country, the kakistocrats could probably afford them, making revolution harder. Dictators would, as a perk, get smarts as well as power. The gap between us and, say, Guinea Bissau would become awesome.
A3. There might be a medium-sized but significant time lapse between elite use and general use. Would our government disintegrate in the interim?.
A4. A cabal keeps the drugs secret and strives for world domination. Sounds like fun. See E.
B. There might be side effects.
B1. You die after a while. See Flowers for Algernon.
B2. You are physically messed up but don't die, something like kids with torsion dystonia. I doubt this though, because the Ashkenazi mutations are very recent and have not been refined by natural selection. Most people with that torsion dystonia mutation never get sick. Since that is the case, it is probably easy to improve them, reduce side effects, etc. They are non-optimized and so can be optimized. If nothing else, take a break now and then from the drugs. Carriers can't do that. Hmm.. if there is a risk of physical problems, would people use them anyhow? Most would-be Olympians would take a drug that killed them in five years if it gave them a gold medal: are wannabe Nobelists that tough? Would we use it in a desperate situation, a war? Should we force it on our researchers, for the greater good?
B3. The drugs change your personality in interesting and/or undesirable ways. This side effect too could probably be ameliorated, but it might be tricky.
C. They only work if taken in early life.. Then us geezers might be pushed aside by the rising generation in a new and spectacular way. In fact, the country might not even be run by middle-aged people at all.
C1. They work some, not as well, if you start late.
D. They increase intelligence a lot. Might be possible: if we're talking the Ashkenazi mutations, hardly anyone has more than one, just about nobody more than two. One in two thousand Ashkenazi Jews, at most, carry both a Tay-Sachs mutation and a Gaucher mutation, the two most common. But using drugs, we could in principle give you the torsion dystonia effect and the Gaucher-carrier effect and the Tay-Sachs – carrier effect and the Canavan-carrier effect and the familial dysautonomia carrier effect. As a rough guess, might give you considerably more than 20 pts – torsion dystonia seems to confer about ten all by itself.
D1. Add even one standard deviation and society is transformed. Somehow I think that Poul Anderson's Brainwave missed the point.
D2. Real smart people become so much smarter as to be un-understandable by usuns. This is a lot like Vinge's Singularity, or their early short story Bookworm, Run ! .
D2a. They stop having children altogether. if you extrapolate, that is certainly the trend, at least among women. The higher the IQ, the lower the fertility.
D2b. The incomprehensibly smart all convert to Catholicism. Or to something else. To them it is obvious.
D2c. The incomprehensibly smart figure out ways to get even smarter. This story can't be told.
D3. We run similar genetic analysis on famously smart people, looking for strong IQ genes. Before we're done we dig up Newton, Gauss, Clerk Maxwell, and steal Einstein's brain. Razib Khan is now talking about cloning John von Neumann, but I thought this through some time ago. Since you will never get permission to clone most of the dead savants, the thing to do is raid all the key cemeteries at once, before anyone has had a chance to strengthen security.
D4. We test it on chimps and overshoot. That could be bad.
E. The government bans it – the powers that be want to stay the powers that be. It'll only work if the powers that be had their own trump – say, real machine intelligence, or maybe people souped-up with a computer connection, as in Starswarm. Or, hydrogen bombs, coupled with a world technological inquisition, especially biotechnology. See Niven's ARM stories, Poul Anderson's Shield, Pournelle's CoDominium, Vernor Vinge's The Peace War.
E1. Some countries ban it, while other countries, or other sub-national groups, try it. We all know how that one turns out. Cf Beyond This Horizon, many others.
E2. Groups that currently have genetic advantages wish to keep their edge and support the ban. Up to now, people could kill or oppress you but they couldn't be you, couldn't steal your essence. That was then.
E3. The government bans it for everyone other than themselves, for good national-security reasons. We wouldn't want super-smart terrorists, would we? Shortly thereafter, hereditary rule is imposed. It now works because regression to the mean doesn't make the nephew stupid; intelligence is a perk of office.
E4. The government only allows use on the slow: only for leveling. Never work of course.
Advertisements
This man gets it. Flickr/@HayeurJF There is a fundamental problem with music-streaming services such as Spotify or Apple Music.
It's not that streaming music often fails to properly value artists' work — though there have been grumblings for years about the amounts paid out by Spotify to rights-holders.
And it's not the overall cost of a lifetime of a streaming service, though Apple founder Steve Jobs hated streaming services for exactly this reason. In one of their best-known keynote speeches, they railed against the idea of "renting" music, arguing that you end up paying for your favourite songs thousands of times over.
It's not even the limited selection of music available to stream, though even the best and most comprehensive streaming service is unable to acquire the rights to everything you may want to listen to.
Permanence is everything
Let's imagine for a second that Spotify goes on living for another 30 years. That's a pretty long time for any company to stick around — especially in an industry as volatile and prone to disruption as the intersection of music and technology.
Barring any unfortunate accidents, that would make me 53 when the company finally closes its doors in 2045. And then what happens? My entire music collection, painstakingly built over three decades of careful listening — gone forever.
Can Spotify CEO Daniel Ek promise your music will be safe 20 years from now? Getty Images Music is not like a film, or a book, that you consume perhaps half a dozen times at most. It makes up the backdrop to your life. Whether it's the early teenage freedom that accompanied The Killers' "Jenny Was A Friend Of Mine," or the "Indecision" by Sampha soundtracking a period of listless post-graduation melancholy — music is linked to almost every major moment of my existence. And just listening can take me back at any moment.
When you're "renting" your music, the problem isn't that you're paying for your favourite music thousands of times over. It's that you have no control over it. You could lose it at any time, through no fault of your own. In 20 years, CEO Tim Cook's successor at Apple could decide the company needs to tighten its belt and wipe out 100 million people's libraries overnight. That uncertainty undermines music's most powerful quality — that it's a concrete link to the past.
Of course, the alternative — owning your music — has its own problems. It's expensive, and it takes up significant amounts of storage space. Music streaming also offers powerful convenience — so much so that I'll admit that I will sometimes use Spotify when I'm out and about.
And with owned music, there's always the risk that you lose the hard drive your collection is stored on — and with it your years of careful work. Spotify, Apple Music, Tidal et al don't have this problem (though the risks can be mitigated through careful backing up).
So, yes, ownership of music isn't perfect. But ultimately, when I'm older and looking back upon my life, I'll want my music collection more than ever. And the custodianship of that is not a responsibility I'm willing to grant Apple — or anyone else.
An appeals court in Washington dealt a setback Friday to an activist's lawsuit against the government over the legality of the National Security Agency's call records program, ruling that the plaintiff has not proved their standing to sue.
A three-judge panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit ruled that ­public-interest lawyer Larry Klayperson, the founder of Freedom Watch, has not proved that their own phone records were collected by the NSA — and so has not met a condition of bringing the lawsuit. It sent the case back to a lower court for further deliberation on the issue.
The panel's ruling also reversed a ban on the NSA's collection that had been imposed — and temporarily stayed — by a district court judge in December 2013.
The strictly procedural ruling does not address the constitutionality or legality of the program.
[Read the federal appeals court ruling that lifts an injunction against the NSA phone call records program]
Congress in June put an end to the program, passing a law that bars the government from collecting phone data and other records in bulk. But the NSA is continuing to do so as it transitions the program to phone companies by December.
In Friday's ruling, Circuit Court Judge Stephen F. Williams wrote that Klayperson, a conservative legal activist, “lack[s] direct evidence” that records pertaining to their calls “have actually been collected.”
Klayperson, the lead plaintiff in the suit, is a Verizon Wireless customer. The only phone company the government has acknowledged was part of the program is Verizon Business Network Services.
The Justice Department declined to comment on the case.
The panel's ruling reverses the judgment of U.S. District Judge Richard J. Leon, who found that Klayperson “demonstrated a substantial likelihood of success” in their bid to prove that their Fourth Amendment right to privacy was violated and that the NSA program was unconstitutional.
[Judge: NSA's collecting of phone records is pr obably unconstitutional]
Leon's fiery opinion drew wide attention not only because it was the first (and only) trial court to rule against the program but also because of its colorful, headline-grabbing language. They called the collection “almost-Orwellian” and “at best, the stuff of science fiction.”
Under the program, which was initiated in secret in 2001 under executive power and approved — again in secret — by a surveillance court in 2006, the NSA collects from a number of large phone companies the metadata of millions of phone calls daily. That includes numbers dialed and call times and durations, but not content.
The government confirmed the program's existence in June 2013 after former NSA contractor Edward Snowden leaked a classified court order to Verizon Business Networks Services directing it to turn over “all call detail records” to the government.
Klayperson lashed out at the judicial panel for its timing. “An ­ill-informed first-year law student could have written this within one day,” they said. “Why did you wait nearly two years after Leon issued their decision? You delayed getting to the issues. During that time the constitutional rights of Americans continue to be violated.”
They nonetheless said they were confident they will prevail. They said they could amend their complaint to include plaintiffs who are customers of Verizon Business Network Services. And they accused the panel of “reacting to the politics of the Washington Republican establishment . . . who say, ‘Do what you want, NSA.' ”
They added: “Nobody's against doing surveillance of terrorists. What we're saying is get a warrant.”
To date, the only appeals court to rule on the merits of the NSA program is the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 2nd Circuit in New York, which in May held that the collection violated the Patriot Act and was “unprecedented and unwarranted.”
That court will hear arguments next week on the American Civil Liberties Union's request that the NSA be required to end the collection immediately — not in December.
The court in Klayperson's case observed that their effort to prove standing was complicated by the possibility that the government could withhold information that would bolster their allegations. “Plaintiffs' claims may well founder in that event,” said Circuit Court Judge Janice Rogers Brown. “But such is the nature of the government's privileged control over certain classes of information.”
The ruling, said Harley Geiger, senior counsel for the Center for Democracy and Technology, “demonstrates that excessive secrecy limits debate and reform. It leads to unbalanced surveillance programs and provides victims with little or no recourse.”
At the end of the transition period, the NSA will be barred from collecting domestic phone records in bulk under the Patriot Act. Instead it will be required to obtain court approval to ask companies for phone numbers of individuals with suspected links to terrorism. The companies under court order will return to the agency metadata related to those calls and potentially calls linked to them.
Read more:
Foreign powers steal data on critical U.S. infrastructure, NSA chief says
Congressional action on NSA is a milestone in the post-9/11 world
The San Diego County Sheriff's Department said the burning of an Escondido home destroyed massive amounts of explosives inside and went off without a hitch.
There were some popping sounds as the chemicals were vaporized by intense heat.
Remotely controlled explosive devices ignited the house. It was quickly in flames.
Most of the home was destroyed in about 30 minutes.
The fire reached about 1,800 degrees Fahrenheit, officials estimated, hot enough to neutralize the unstable explosives inside.
“No readings of dangerous pollutants were detected,” said Robert Kard, director of the county's Air Pollution Control District. “Because Interstate-15 was closed down in the area, the APCD recorded levels of pollutants lower than we normally have when traffic is on the road. We did not detect any effects of the fire at all.”
Kard said pollution monitors will remain through the end of Thursday.
San Diego County Department of Environmental Health officials told Kard they registered a momentary peak of cyanides from plastics burning in the house.
“It was literally momentary and it went away.” Kard said.
Inside the home was a large quantity of bomb-making materials.
Officers said they found the same types of chemicals used by suicide bombers and insurgents in Iraq and Afghanistan.
The materials included Pentaerythritol tetranitrate, or PETN, which was used in the 2001 shoe-bombing attempt aboard an airliner, as well as in airplane cargo bombs discovered last month by authorities.
George Djura Jakubec, 54, who lived in the house with their wife for about four years, pleaded not guilty Monday to eight federal criminal counts and was ordered held without bail.
The Serbian native, who rented the home, is accused of making and possessing destructive devices, as well as robbing three banks and trying to rob a fourth over the past two years.
After the house in the 1900 block of Via Scott was ignited shortly before 11 a.m., thick black/gray smoke rose vertically. The plume dissipated as light winds carried it east, as planned.
Jan Caldwell, with the San Diego County Sheriff's Department, said popping noises heard during the fire were likely hand grenades and ammunition.
The charred rubble and ashes of Jakubec's former residence will likely smolder through the day, according to Caldwell. Cleanup efforts at the site will begin Friday, they said.
"It's highly unlikely that there's any toxicity (remaining at the site)," the spokesperson said.
Hazmat crews are expected to sift through the debris after the ashes have cooled.
County officials said the home was packed with so many homemade and highly-volatile explosives, burning it to the ground was the safest option.
Scores of nearby residents were evacuated earlier. Authorities used helicopters and air pollution sensors to monitor the controlled burn for potential health problems.
Crews built a 16-foot firewall and covered it with fire resistant gel to protect the closest homes. Branches of at least one tree caught fire and were quickly extinguished by firefighters.
Earlier Thursday, police opened windows and doors at the home, and drilled holes in the roof. Authorities were given protective breathing masks in case they need to enter the house if the blaze got out of control.
Officials also closed a section of Interstate 15 near the fire, routing traffic on surface streets. A feared massive traffic jam never materialized.
Residents, onlookers and news crews were kept at least 400 yards from the home.
Investigators say they are still trying to understand what motivated Jakubec, to stockpile the material.
In the backyard, bomb technicians found six mason jars with highly unstable Hexamethylene triperoxide diamine, or HMDT, which can explode if stepped on. A coffee table was found cluttered with documents and strewn with detonators, prosecutors said.
The chemicals were found after a gardener accidentally set off an explosion at the home by stepping on what authorities believe was a byproduct of HMTD.
The Associated Press contributed to this story
To view PDF documents, Download Acrobat Reader.
As Mexico's drug war grinds on, violent homicide has overtaken car accidents as the leading cause of death of young people in the country, reports the Mexico City daily El Universal (link in Spanish).
Government statistics reviewed by the newspaper show that in 2008 and 2009, the second and third complete years of Mexico's drug war, violent deaths of people between 15 and 29 shot up about 150%. The figures rose almost equally across various narrower age brackets within that group.
Half of those homicides occurred in five states that include some of those worst hit by the current violence: Chihuahua, Baja California, Guerrero, Sinaloa and the state of Mexico, on the border with Mexico City. Violence is now the leading cause of death among Mexicans between the ages of 15 and 29, overtaking car accidents, the report said.
The federal government's database on deaths tied to organized crime shows 1,638 young people were killed in suspected drug-related attacks in 2008, a number that rose to 2,511 in 2009 and 3,741 in 2010 (graphic link in Spanish).
Poor education and job prospects often pull young Mexicans into the poorly paid informal economy or into organized crime. Citing a congressional report, El Universal reported in June that some 23,000 young people had been recruited into the ranks of Mexico's powerful drug cartels since President Felipe Calderon declared war on drug cartels soon after taking office in 2006 (link in Spanish). The same report said the drug war has left at least 10,000 orphans.
Separately, Mexico's drug war appears be changing young people's attitudes toward security and penal measures.
A national survey on "constitutional culture" conducted by the National Autonomous University of Mexico and released in August found that the largest segment of the population that approves the use of torture and death penalty against suspected cartel criminals was between 15 and 19 years old (link in Spanish).
According to the report, that age group has the most hard-line views on security, approving of the killing of suspected drug traffickers without trial as well as the use of torture to gain information from drug suspects.
-- Daniel Hernandez in Mexico City
Photo: Young people pose for a cellphone portrait at the incineration of marijuana and other drugs at a military base in Ciudad Juarez in March. Credit: Gael Gonzalez / Reuters
FRISCO, Texas – Jair Benitez is finally back to full fitness after battling through a knee injury earlier this summer, and it shows in their recent form. The veteran fullback has a goal and an assist in their last two games and is playing their best soccer of the year.
Benitez admitted they would like to have won goal of the week for the 50-yard special delivery they airmailed against Vancouver two weeks ago (only their second career goal in MLS), but more importantly, he's glad to be back to full health and contributing at a high level.
“I feel great after my injury,” Benitez told MLSsoccer.com on Thursday through an interpreter. “I feel that I got back into rhythm quickly and that I'm playing very well.
READ: Century Club Feature - The two sides of Jair Benitez
“My fitness is a big factor in why I've been playing so well.”
The 34-year-old Benitez has been a regular starter for most of their four seasons in Dallas, but the injury and the emergence of Michel as a strong option at left back have combined to make their usual spot in the top XI less of a sure thing. Coach Schellas Hyndman believes the competition has been a strong motivator for the Colombian.
“I think the thing you see about internal competition is it brings the best out of you, and I think that's what it's done,” said Hyndman. “[Benitez] has a little bit better athleticism and speed, they know the league as well as anybody on our team, and they seem to be a better defender.”
Join us on Sunday at Lemon Bar Frisco for our September Party at the Pubs Presented by Budweiser
Hyndman added that it's a good problem to have when two players are so close to each other in competition for a particular position and that ideally, he'll pick a starter for a given game based on the opponent and the player's form during that week's training.
When asked if the battle with Michel for playing time at left back was a motivator, Benitez heartily agreed. “Yes, because Michel is a very good player and the competition is very tough. I can't relax for a minute and have to keep working hard.”
?If you've read the latest G.I. Joe series from IDW, the only clues you'll find about Cobra are that it's evil, expansive, and extremely stealthy. Their goal is to take over the world, and the best way to do that is without everyone seeing you try to take over the world; Cobra's forces aren't for making an assault on Washington D.C., they're for quietly taking over military installations and defending themselves from G.I. Joe.
So, when your organization depends on you remaining an elusive mystery, secrecy is #1. That is, unless you joined Cobra in the '80s or '90s, then you got stuck with the shittiest uniforms of any military outfit other than when the Village People were in the Navy. Honestly, these 15 Cobra Vipers must have felt really, really stupid wearing these neon monstrosities. They don't promote stealth; they promote Mardi Gras and sipping girl drinks. They're so garish, they're about as menacing as Rainbow Brite — clearly, Cobra Commander had the big box of Crayola crayons when designing these uniforms. Here are 15 Vipers, all regretting dropping out of community college. Thanks to YoJoe.com for the photos.
15) Viper
?This basic, no-frills model of Viper gets a pair of grey leggings with a red patch on them to go with their purple bodysuit. They have shoulder fins that hearken back to the good ‘ol days of the '50s, where you'd see cars with the same fins on the back. Someone at Cobra must have had a Happy Days fixation, as well as a healthy respect for respirators.
14) Secto-Viper
?I was going to let Secto-Viper go, since, yeah, sometimes you can get away with yellow coveralls. Devo does it pretty well. But when I saw the little black codpiece I knew they had to make the list. I can excuse feet of orange cable hanging down your chest, but when you call attention to your tiny package like that, you're getting called out for it.
13) Gyro-Viper
?Remember when your mom told you to always own a pair of khaki pants, because they go with anything? LIES. Khaki pants and shirts do not go with purple ski masks and backpack straps. It's hard to think of anything that does, or even why Cobra would special order purple ski masks, but thank God Gyro-Viper just drives the helicopter and doesn't have to do public speeches or anything.
12) Toxo-Viper
?Nothing says “toxic” like a purple sweat suit and two teal parking meters on your chest. Throw in red gloves and black rain boots and, yep, the special needs kid dressed themselves again.
11) Ninja Viper
?Storm Shadow = awesome. Snake Eyes = awesome. Ninja Vipers = sea foam fail. On what planet is this teal monstrosity considered stealthy? Hiding amongst Care Bears? Sneaking around the bottom of an in-ground swimming pool? Infiltrating Cirque Du Soleil? None of these things Cobra should be doing.
10) S.A.W. Viper
?Stupid-Ass Wardrobe! Shitty Awful Wear! Scaring Away Women! All of them work for this unfortunate fashion freak. If the thigh-high maroon boots with cut-outs in them don't scare off the ladies, I'm sure the bright green belt buckle will.
9) Range Viper
?Waist-down, it's ok. You can hide out in ambush with black and grey. Then you add a turquoise shirt and a lumpy yellow belt and you might as well slap three wolves and a moon on that bad boy. And two bandoliers because, well, you might as well accessorize that shit.
8) Frag-Viper
?Frag-Viper? More like…uh…Fraggin-stupid Viper! As you may know, gold lam? catsuits and swatches of teal were the #1 hit costume for jazz dancing troupes in the late '80s. Now we know what the Cobra costume designers majored in.
7) H.E.A.T Viper
?Ugh, they even have that stupid emo hair flip. On top of their helmet. Yellow and purple probably looked more intimidating on the drawing board, but when you finally give it out to the troops, it makes them look like a fat kid in a snowsuit who ran into a graffiti gang.
6) Sludge Viper
?Was there a sale on turquoise fabric at some point in the early '90s? Because I remember a ton of surfer T-shirts printed on it, as well as some fly Hammer pants. How can you sneak around in this? How? Banana yellow, blue-green fatigues, and Navy blue boots do not make your terrorist group badass!
5) Flak-Viper
?I can't imagine anyone would give this soldier flak for their off-the-shoulder sweater/shorts combo. And no one would really be questioned about boots that lock into your belt, your belt that is under those sweater shorts. If anyone in the US Military reads this site, please, please explain to me the tactical advantage of a one-shoulder shirt with attachable boots.
4) Python Tele-Viper
?Roll up those long-sleeve T-shirt sleeves, recruit! You're a Tele-Viper now! And as a Tele-Viper, you get the ultimate Cobra perk: you're allowed to dress in the dark! Sure, put on those red shades! Yellow hat goes great with black headset! And any pattern on your overalls is great, just as long as it's loud! Welcome to Cobra!
3) Heli-Viper
?Heli-Viper: sponsored by Smuckers. With a name like Smuckers, they have to be good! Or evil. Whatever.
2) Cyber Viper
?What the fuck? Oh, no, no buddy, don't do that to yourself. Half-pants went out with Prince, and they never wore red and lime green. Michael Jackson never sported one yellow glove. Tearing your T-shirt sleeve off was cool in the punk years, and you're no Captain Sensible. All-around, you just look homeless. Please, just try to transfer to the motor pool or something.
1) Alley Viper
?Sporting a color pattern that was last seen on a pair of JAMS shorts from 1991, Alley Viper makes the worst “urban assault trooper” ever. Unless Cobra was thinking urban = black culture from the '90s, in which case they would blend in very well as a back-up dancer for Digital Underground and Tone Loc. Or hey, I could be wrong. They could just suck at paintball.
Petitions are hitting the streets soon for a new proposed constitutional amendment that would fully legalize marijuana use, possession and cultivation by adults in Florida.
A political action committee called Floridians For Freedom, associated with a longtime marijuana advocacy group called the Florida Cannabis Action Network, announced Tuesday it has gotten state approval to begin seeking signatures to get their measure on the November, 2016, ballot.
The measure is distinct from another constitutional drive, run by United For Care and led by Orlando lawyer John Morgan, because Morgan's group wants to legalize marijuana for medical purposes only, while Floridians For Freedom wants it legalized for all uses.
Florida Cannabis Action Network is a not-for-profit organization founded in 1998 and based in Melbourne. Floridians For Freedom also is based in Melbourne.
The language of Floridians For Freedom's proposed amendment is short:
"All people in the State of Florida twenty-one years of age and older shall have the right under state laws to possession, use, and cultivation of cannabis. The right shall not be infringed except that the transfer of cannabis by purchase or sale may be regulated as necessary to insure health and safety."
Jodi James, chair of Floridians For Freedom and executive director of the Florida Cannabis Action Network, described the proposal as an effort for "ending prohibition" of marijuana under state law.
All the commercial aspects of marijuana would be controlled by rules and regulations set by the Florida Legislature and Department of Commerce, they said. They called that the group's "end goal."
"We want it to be legal. We want it to be regulated. We want it controlled. We want people to have safe access," James said.
Floridians For Freedom will have to gather about 67,000 valid signatures to get the effort to the next phase, Florida Supreme Court review, to make sure the proposed amendment and ballot language meet all state requirements.
They cited the simplicity of the amendment as a strength that could help it gain Supreme Court approval.
"This is truly about the sovereignty of the individual," they said. "Where (proposed) amendments get in trouble is when they try to legislate from the constitution. We're not legislating from the constitution."
That draws some distinction from Morgan's proposal, which goes into some detail about regulation of medical marijuana.
Then the group will have to gather another 600,000 to get it qualified for the November, 2016 ballot. James noted the Florida Cannabis Action Network has 20,000 members ready to volunteer to collect signatures.
This is not the only marijuana legalization proposal in the works. A Miami man filed a proposal in May, with intentions of seeking signatures.
One of the largest charter school networks in the country has started issuing report cards for its parents—scoring them on how well they support their children in school.
Success Academy, which is based in New York City, is known as both an academic powerhouse serving mostly low-income, minority students and a prominent adherent to the controversial "no excuses" charter school philosophy, which promotes strict codes of student conduct.
The network began issuing the parent report cards this month.
It's not uncommon for charter schools to place a premium on parental involvement. Some charters have even gone so far as to mandate that parents volunteer at their children's school (an issue that got a lot of attention in California relatively recently).
But Success Academy—led by Eva Moskowitz, its hard-charging founder and CEO—may be unique for formally rating parents on how involved they are.
Called "parent investment cards," the evaluations score parents monthly in three areas: school readiness, homework supervision, and responsiveness and investment. Parents receive green for "meeting expectations," yellow for "approaching expectations," and red for "not meeting expectations."
Parental involvement has always been a priority for Success Academy—to such a degree, in fact, that the network is sometimes accused by critics of pressuring families to remove their children from its schools if they don't live up to its exacting standards.
Parents at Success Academy must sign a contract pledging to get their child to school every day, on time and in uniform; respond to any communication from the school within 24 hours; and in general be "active members of the school community," according to the school's handbook.
In an interview with Education Week, Moskowitz said they believe parent engagement is crucial to academic success, a philosophy they developed while visiting schools during their time serving as a New York City Council Member. The most successful schools, they said, involve the parents.
"I think particularly schools that serve poorer kids tend to take what I call a bypass surgery approach to parents: 'we're as a school going to educate kids without the parents,' " they said. "I both find that disrespectful to parents but also impractical."
Moskowitz said Success Academy parents have always gotten robust feedback from their child's school on a range of issues including student attedance, tardiness, and homework completion. The report card, they said, streamlines that communication.
But is issuing report cards for parents going too far?
Perhaps, writes Robert Pondiscio, a senior fellow at the Thomas B. Fordham Institute, in a blog post that asks, "Has Eva Moskowitz overplayed their hand on parent accountability?"
Pondiscio, who was the first to report on the new policy, writes on the Fordham Institute's blog that they have spoken with a much Success Academy parents and none were exactly pleased with the idea of receiving report cards (although the initiative was praised by some education reform advocates).
"[T]here may be a difference between an uncomfortable conversation when there's a clear and obvious problem and having your child's school assign every parent a grade, an evaluation, and a color," they wrote.
Moskowitz doesn't see this as a big deal, just a new way to communicate policies that have been in place since the network's inception and encourage parents to do better.
They say they haven't received any major pushback from parents over the idea, yet.
"There's no policy at Success that 100 percent of people love," they said. "I got a much bigger reaction from parents when I didn't call a snow day [last winter]."
Related stories:
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
GRAND JUNCTION, Colo. -- A Grand Junction busboy found $3,000 in cash and didn't know who it belonged to; now, many are calling the man a picture-perfect citizen after doing the right thing to make sure the money gets back in the hands of the person who lost it.
The hustle and bustle of a local diner is as American as apple pie and a cheeseburger and it's at Randy's Southside Diner in Orchard Mesa you find regulars like Darrell Cox and hardworking people like Johnny "Thumper" Duckworth making the experience pleasant and comfortable.
"These people who come in here our family to us, we take care of them," said Johnny, a busboy at the diner.
These two men now share a deep connection.
On Tuesday, Darrell came in for breakfast and sat down at a booth, ordering bacon and eggs. They paid and left, not realizing they forgot something very important behind.
Around this time Johnny was talking to their boss, owner Randy Emmons.
"He's worked for me for 9 years. He's one of the hardest working guys I've ever met," said Randy.
Johnny went about collecting dishes, washing them, and checking the house to make sure the diner was spotless.
"I was coming around here to check around like I always do, I wanted to look in the bathroom,” said Johnny. “[It was] just laying on the floor, dead as a door knob just laying there. So I picked it up and the boss was standing right here."
"He walked up to me and said ‘Boss, I found this envelope, it feels like it has a lot of money in it,'” said Randy. “And they handed it to me and walked away… And I opened the envelope up and there were 30 100-dollar bills. I couldn't believe it, I was shocked.”
Shocked by the amount...but also knowing that money is something Johnny desperately needs.
"Right now he's riding their bike back and forth to work, it's winter. And they get their paycheck garnished for medical bills they had to have," said Randy.
But Johnny says they would never take money that didn't belong to him.
"It's not mine. I work for a living, I make money," said Johnny.
Randy took the cash and the slip back to the bank, where clerks quickly realized it belonged to someone who had no idea they even lost it.
"The bank called and I was like, why is the bank calling me to tell me they have my money when I just got the money? So I went to the bank and they told me Randy brought it in," said Darrell.
But Randy and Johnny had no idea who it belonged to until Thursday, when Darrell came back to their regular spot.
"He was here at the counter and I was back at the booth with one of my grandsons,” said Darrell. “I wrote them a note on the back of an envelope ... It said Merry Christmas to a super honest guy."
"His nephew came with the same envelope that had the $3,000 in it. Gave me $300 out of it,” said Johnny. “The heart, gave me some heart."
The same can be said for Darrell.
"Makes me feel a lot better about people. Knowing there are a lot of honest people out here. Like I said I never have known where it went, I would have never had a clue," said Darrell.
Randy set up an online fundraiser to "Tip Thumper" on GoFundMe. That fundraiser had surpassed its goal of $3,000 by Sunday night.
Actress Elizabeth Banks was among those honored at the Women in Film Crystal + Lucy Awards on Tuesday night in Beverly Hills, and although Clinton couldn't be there in person, they aren't about to miss their friend's big moment.
It was a night spent celebrating the entertainment industry's best and brightest women, with an appearance from another kind of leading lady: Hillary Clinton.
Actress Elizabeth Banks was among those honored at the Women in Film Crystal + Lucy Awards on Tuesday night in Beverly Hills, and although Clinton couldn't be there in person, they aren't about to miss their friend's big moment. As The Hunger Games star was about to receive the coveted Crystal Award for Excellence in Film, a 95-second surprise video message from the former secretary of state began to roll. Playing perfectly to their audience, Clinton kicked off their remarks with a politically-tinged reference to Wonder Woman.
VIDEO: Mary J. Blige Interviews Hillary Clinton
"Now I haven't seen Wonder Woman yet, but I'm going to, in part because it's directed by the fabulous Patty Jenkins," Clinton began. "But something tells me that a movie about a strong, powerful woman fighting to save the world from a massive international disaster is right up my alley."
Clinton then steered their message towards Banks, one of the most vocal supporters during the presidential election. "She is such a special person, again, on screen and off. You're not only a creative force in front of the camera and behind it, you are a passionate advocate for women's equality and opportunity; I can vouch for that," Clinton gushed. "I'm so grateful for your support and friendship and your sense of humor. I can't think of a more fitting person to receive this distinguished award."
According to The Hollywood Reporter, Banks spoke about the power of women in Hollywood as they accepted their award: "I am so proud that I get to raise my two boys to love women. I get to present an example of them of a working mom who loves what they do. We are creating culture. We are sending messages out to the world and those messages matter. Co-opting men and boys into that process is the only way that progress is going to happen."
RELATED: Hillary Clinton Is Here to Inspire You: "The Future Is Female"
Congratulations, Elizabeth!
Former President Bill Clinton on Sunday condemned an anti-gay bill in Uganda.
The measure, approved by lawmakers on December 20, was first introduced in 2009 and drew international condemnation for including the death penalty. The bill as passed replaces capital punishment with life imprisonment for people repeatedly convicted of having consensual sex with a member of the same sex. The sentence can also be imposed in cases where one of the partners is HIV-positive, a minor or disabled. The bill also seeks to outlaw the promotion of homosexuality, effectively silencing opponents of the measure.
In announcing that they would sign the bill into law, Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni declared a “war with the homosexual lobby.”
“The debate is, are you born homosexual or not,” Museveni said during a parliamentary retreat. “That's not for you to answer. You should ask why are you putting yourself in trouble.”
“We shall have a war with the homosexual lobby, in the world, backed by these people and you,” they said.
“I have been honored to work with and support the government and people of Uganda both when I was president and through the Clinton Foundation,” said Clinton in a statement. “But I am strongly opposed to its move to criminalize homosexuality. It is a setback for personal freedom and equal rights and a rebuke to Uganda's own commitment to protecting the human rights of its people. I want to salute and encourage the brave Ugandans committed to the fundamental dignity of all people and urge the government to reverse this decision.”
In a statement also released on Sunday, President Barack Obama said the bill will “complicate our valued relationship with Uganda.”
Police have detained a resident of the city of Syktyvkar in Russia's Northwestern Federal District who stole 82 reinforced concrete slabs that formed a road outside the city, the Interior Ministry's regional department has reported.
MOSCOW, August 1 (RIA Novosti) - Police have detained a resident of the city of Syktyvkar in Russia's Northwestern Federal District who stole 82 reinforced concrete slabs that formed a road outside the city, the Interior Ministry's regional department has reported.
The man is suspected of using a manipulator to dismantle the slabs from the road that links the village of Parcheg in the Komi Republic with the Vychegda River.
The slabs, worth overall 200,000 rubles ($6,100), were then loaded onto three trucks, which police later stopped, the ministry's statement said.
The suspect, born in 1973, who had a criminal record, admitted their guilt. They face up to two years in prison for the theft.
A new poll from a Democratic firm suggests support for Sen. Dean Heller Dean Arthur HellerTrump suggests Heller lost reelection bid because they were 'hostile' during 2016 presidential campaign Trump picks ex-oil lobbyist David Bernhardt for Interior secretary Oregon Dem top recipient of 2018 marijuana industry money, study finds MORE (R-Nev.) is cratering amid disapproval of the GOP effort to repeal and replace ObamaCare.
A Public Policy Poll survey released Tuesday found that only 22 percent of Nevada voters who responded to the survey approve of Heller's job performance, compared with 55 percent who disapprove. Twenty-three percent said they weren't sure.
ADVERTISEMENT
The poll showed strong opposition and minimal support for the Senate's effort to repeal and replace ObamaCare. Just 35 percent of Nevadans surveyed supported the effort to repeal ObamaCare, compared with 54 percent who oppose it.
Heller is considered the most vulnerable Republican up for reelection in 2018. He's running in a state where President Trump was defeated in 2016 by Democrat Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE.
According to the PPP poll, 50 percent of respondents would support an unnamed Democratic opponent, compared with just 31 percent who said they would definitely support Heller.
That's a sharp decrease from their support in the same poll in June, when Heller enjoyed 39 percent support compared with 46 percent for a generic Democratic opponent.
Heller voted in favor of a slimmed-down ObamaCare repeal bill that Senate GOP leaders presented as a way of getting to a conference with the Senate. They had publicly criticized an earlier repeal-and-replace bill, but their support for the "skinny" bill appeared to put them at odds with Nevada Gov. Brian Sandoval (R), who criticized it.
A spokesperson for Sen. Heller's office dismissed the poll results, and accused Democrats of trying to "steal a Senate seat" from Nevada's voters.
"Dean Heller has always put Nevadans first and will continue to. Liberal groups with an agenda are only looking to steal a Senate seat from the people of Nevada," spokesperson Tommy Ferraro said in an email to The Hill.
The opposition to Senate Republican efforts to repeal ObamaCare extends to every major provision in the Senate bill, according to the PPP poll.
Sixty-two percent of Nevada voters in the poll said they opposed any effort to waive insurance companies from being required to cover pre-existing conditions. Fifty-nine percent oppose cutting Medicaid by more than $700 billion over 10 years. And 65 percent oppose any tax cuts for the wealthiest tax brackets in the country.
The strongest opposition came to allowing insurance companies to go back to capping the amount of health coverage a person could receive in their lifetime under their health plan. An overwhelming 74 percent of respondents opposed this in the poll, compared with just 16 percent who supported it.
Politico reported in June that Rep. Jacky Rosen (D-Nev.) plans to run against Heller for their Senate seat.
PPP conducted the poll between July 26-27 among 847 Nevada voters. It did not list a margin of error.
With another Oscar banked for last year's Django Unchained as well as sizeable worldwide box office, Quentin Tarantino was always going to have pretty much a free choice on what they wanted to do next (although, to be fair, it feels like he's had that for a while). And they went onto The Tonight Show with Jay Leno in the US yesterday, to reveal just what they were going to be up to next.
They told Leno that their next film is going to be a western again, adding that "I had so much fun doing Django, and I love westerns so much that after I taught myself how to make one, it's like 'okay, let me make another one now that I know what I'm doing'".
The new film won't, however, be a sequel to Django Unchained.
Tarantino is keeping the rest of the details close to their chest for the time being. He's not known to rush to make new films, so it may yet be a while before we find out more...
The Hollywood Reporter.
Follow our Twitter feed for faster news and bad jokes right here. And be our Facebook chum here.
You've probably heard someone say "drinking the Kool-Aid" — and maybe you've said it yourself. But it's not just callous — it's inaccurate, too.
It wasn't Kool-Aid. Flavor-Aid is the real culprit.
The phrase "drinking the Kool-Aid" refers to the 1978 Jonestown massacre, in which more than 900 people committed mass suicide by drinking a flavored drink mixed with Valium, chloral hydrate, cyanide, and Phenergan. Kool-Aid's association with Jonestown has turned into a common meme and saying:
The surprising thing is that all the sources on the massacre say the powder was the grape variety of another drink brand, Flavor Aid. Made by Jel-Sert, Flavor Aid appeared in one of the first newspaper reports on the massacre. The claim is repeated in the 1982 book Raven: The Untold Story of the Rev. Jim Jones and Their People. And surviving witnesses said that Flavor Aid was the drink used, not Kool-Aid.
With the evidence so clear, why did the phrase "drinking the Kool-Aid" emerge? Mental Floss suggests Kool-Aid's role as being a genericized name for all flavored drinks, the popularity of The Electric Kool-Aid Acid Test, and other factors made it easier to remember "Kool-Aid" than "Flavor Aid."
Why it's worth correcting the Kool-Aid mistake
Many of the strongest arguments to abandon the phrase come from San Diego State University's Jonestown Institute, including:
Maybe you think enough time has passed since the massacre that sensitivity shouldn't be an issue. Even then, there's another reason to avoid saying "drinking the Kool-Aid": it's just not accurate.
A MAN CLAIMING to be a “whistleblower” has been jailed for five years for making online postings alleging a garda was corrupt and unfaithful to their wife.
Sean Carraher (55) began harassing Sergeant Conor Gilmartin because they were unhappy with the way the garda dealt with a complaint they made that their children were being physically abused.
They were convicted earlier this month of posting 58 messages on the websites Rate-Your-Solicitor and Victims of the Legal Profession, alleging, among other things, that Sergeant Conor Gilmartin had withheld evidence in a previous case involving the accused. Carraher also made up to 12 harassing phone calls to Sergeant Gilmartin.
Carraher of Stradbrook Hill, Blackrock, Dublin had pleaded not guilty at Dublin Circuit Criminal Court to harassing Gilmartin between March 2009 and May 2011. They were convicted by a jury after nearly six hours of deliberation.
They have one previous conviction from 2011 for harassing theirs wife.
The reasoning from the judge
Judge Patrick McCartan said they were imposing the five year sentence to “send out a message to any other that thinks of spreading information that is grossly defamatory”. The maximum sentence for harassment is seven years.
They said Carraher has “all the attributes of a bully” who used “the anonymity of one-way traffic of the internet” to make the allegations of corruption despite not having “one whit” of evidence to support them.
The judge said Carraher had “not spoken one word of sorry or one word of regret” since the trial began and they “still carried with them the obdurate view to do what they wish”.
They said it was “very disturbing to read” what Gilmartin was subjected to given they were a public servant and “doing no more than their duty”.
The effect on Sergeant Gilmartin
In a victim impact report Gilmartin said Carraher's actions were well planned to humiliate them and their family. They said their wife feared for their safety when they were out of the house and they felt their standing in the local community had been diminished.
The trial heard the phrase “Conor Gilmartin is the most corrupt garda…” was one of the first results when the garda's name was searched for on Google. Most of the posts are still online, the court heard.
Sergeant Gilmartin said they and their wife had to delete all their social media accounts because of the harassment as well as a charity web page they had set up to raise money for a cystic fibrosis organisation. They also had to ask extended family members to delete their names from a family genealogy site.
The victim said they were worried about their future job prospects because employers might look them up online. They said it was very difficult to listen to the accused continually refer to them in court as “corrupt Sergeant Conor Gilmartin” and they felt like they were the one on trial.
Prosecuting counsel James Dwyer BL said Carraher said in garda interview that they were using their constitutional right to freedom of expression to expose garda corruption. No findings of wrongdoing have been made against Gilmartin.
Carraher's initial complaint to gardaí
Dwyer said in 2009 Carraher's wife made allegations against them regarding “domestic violence issues, harassment and things of that nature.”
In turn Carraher said they were being kept from their children and that they were being physically abused.
They made a complaint to gardaí and claimed Sergeant Gilmartin had been “extremely rude and patronising” to them and said they had no intention of investigating the complaint.
Carraher said they made a complaint about Gilmartin. They said after this the sergeant launched a campaign of harassment against him. They said they were frequently arrested for no reason and claimed the sergeant withheld or altered evidence relating to another court case.
This is when they began making the harassing phone calls and internet posts.
Defence counsel Damien Colgan SC said Carraher co-operated with gardaí on arrest and had not posted about the victim since 2011. They said they now had a better relationship with their former partner and had access visits to their children.
“After Love, Then What?” Liahona, September 2016, 4–6
Detail from They Healed Many, by J. Kirk Richards, courtesy of Illume Gallery
Our beloved prophet, President Thomas S. Monson, has taught that “love is the very essence of the gospel.”1
Love is so important that Jesus called it “the first and great commandment” and said that every other particle of the law and words of the prophets hang upon it.2
Love is the central motive for all we do in the Church. Every program, every meeting, every action we are part of as disciples of Jesus Christ should spring from this attribute﻿—for without charity, “the pure love of Christ,” we are nothing.3
Once we understand this with our mind and heart, once we declare our love for God and for our fellowman﻿—what then?
Is feeling compassion and love for others enough? Does declaring our love for God and our neighbor satisfy our obligation to God?
The Parable of the Two Sons At the temple in Jerusalem, the chief priests and elders of the Jews approached Jesus to trap Him in Their words. The Savior, however, turned the tables on them by telling a story. “A certain man had two sons,” They began. The father went to the first and asked them to go work in the vineyard. But the son refused. Later that son “repented, and went.” The father then went to their second son and asked them to go work in the vineyard. The second son assured them that they would go, but they never went. Then the Savior turned to the priests and elders and asked, “Which one of these two sons did the will of their father?” They had to admit that it was the first son﻿—the one who said they would not go but later repented and went to work in the vineyard.4 The Savior used this story to emphasize an important principle﻿—it is those who obey the commandments who truly love God. Perhaps this is why Jesus asked the people to listen to and follow the words of the Pharisees and scribes but not to follow their example.5 These religious teachers did not walk the talk. They loved to talk about religion, but sadly they missed its essence.
Actions and Our Salvation In one of the Savior's final lessons to Their disciples, They spoke to them of the final Judgment. The wicked and the righteous would be separated. The good would inherit eternal life; the wicked would be delivered to eternal punishment. What was the difference between the two groups? Those who demonstrated their love through action were saved. Those who did not were condemned.6 True conversion to the gospel of Jesus Christ and its values and principles will be witnessed by our actions in our daily lives. In the end, mere declaration of love for God and fellowmen will not qualify us for exaltation. For, as Jesus taught, “not every one that saith unto me, Lord, Lord, shall enter into the kingdom of heaven; but they that doeth the will of my Father which is in heaven.”7
Forecast: 'Riddick' to Rule First Weekend of Fall
Riddick
September 5, 2013
With Summer officially in the rearview mirror, the Fall season kicks off this weekend with only one new nationwide release: sci-fi action sequel Riddick opens in 3,107 theaters, and should easily take first place at the box office. Add in some appealing holdovers—including surprise hit Instructions Not Included—and this weekend should be a step above the norm for September.
Riddick marks the third time that Vin Diesel has portrayed the titular character, though it's the first time in nearly a decade. The first appearance was in the 2000's Pitch Black, which earned a decent $39.5 million before becoming a bit of a cult classic. Four years later—and after Diesel had appeared in hits The Fast and the Furious and XXX—he returned to the Riddick role in The Chronicles of Riddick.
Unfortunately, that sequel cost significantly more than its predecessor but only earned $57.8 million—and it wasn't particularly well-liked either. Nine years later, though, it's likely that fans ignore that in favor of fond memories of Pitch Black and, to a lesser extent, the well-received Riddick video game Escape from Butcher Bay.
After a few quiet years, Diesel's star has gone up again recently thanks to the enormous success of the last three Fast & Furious movies, which have combined to earn over $600 million at the domestic box office (and over $1.17 billion overseas). This new Riddick movie—which is much more modest in budget and scope than Chronicles—is being sold almost entirely on Diesel, who has particularly strong drawing power among males and Hispanics.
With an aggressive marketing campaign and little competition, Riddick could come close to matching The Chronicles of Riddick's $24.3 million debut. Another good comparison is the last four Resident Evil movies, all of which opened between $21 and $27 million in September. Universal is more modestly forecasting $18 to $20 million for the weekend.
Over Labor Day weekend, Spanish-language family comedy Instructions Not Included stunned box office observers when it earned $10.4 million from just 348 locations. Audiences were thrilled with the movie, which received a rare "A+" CinemaScore, and Lionsgate is taking advantage of the movie's strong buzz by expanding it in to 717 theaters this weekend. At a minimum, it should be able to match its $7.85 million three-day start.
The Ultimate Life opens at 412 theaters this weekend, and is hoping to attract underserved Christian audiences. Past Christian movies The Grace Card and To Save a Life had similar releases and brought in just over $1 million in opening weekend; it wouldn't be surprising if The Ultimate Life wound up at about the same level.
In an attempt to capitalize on the buzz generated by this week's Comedy Central Roast of James Franco, Sony is re-releasing This is the End in to 2,161 locations. Through Monday, the comedy hit had earned $96.9 million, and this expansion should help the movie get past the coveted $100 million mark.
Weekend Forecast (September 6-8)
1. Riddick - $21.4 million
2. The Butler - $10.1 million (-32%)
3. Instructions Not Included - $9.7 million (+24%)
4. We're the Millers - $8.4 million (-34%)
5. Planes - $4.7 million (-39%)
6. One Direction - $4 million (-75%)
Bar for Success
With a modest budget and decent foreign potential, Riddick doesn't need to be a huge hit at the domestic box office. If it can get to $20 million this weekend, it will be a nice win for everyone involved.
Discuss this story with fellow Box Office Mojo fans on Facebook. On Twitter, follow us at @boxofficemojo, and follow author Ray Subers at @raysubers.
Related Stories:
• Last Weekend's Report: 'One Direction' Rocks, 'Instructions' Surprises Over Labor Day
• September 2013 Preview
• 2013 Preview
The Ohio branch of the Voter Integrity Project (VIP), which claims to fight voter fraud despite the lack of evidence that widespread fraud exists, will send poll workers in a crucial swing county in the state, according to Think Progress.
The Ohio affiliate of VIP, called True the Vote, is placing poll workers through the Hamilton County Republican party. Both Democrats and Republicans will have observers and poll workers, but True the Vote's intense focus on voter fraud worries some.
In fact, Democratic Rep. Elijah Cummings (Md.) began a criminal investigation into True the Vote after it attempted to remove students, low-income residents, the homeless and African Americans from voting rolls. Think Progress warned that poll workers could potentially force some would-be voters to use provisional ballots, potentially disenfranchising swaths of the electorate.
Hamilton County is “the biggest battleground county in Ohio,” according to the Sandusky Register.
[Image: Woman casting a ballot photo via Shutterstock]
In case you don't know where all the racket is coming from during World Cup matches, you can thank the vuvuzela.
â†µ
â†µ
It's a sophisticated instrument capable of two notes: noise, and silence. It can only be played by individuals who know how to breathe. It's ubiquitous in soccer circles. And while we can't yet play it while simultaneously imbibing alcohol, we should probably be patient and give scientists some time to work on it.
â†µ
In the spirit of fairness, let's take a look at the pros and cons offered by this instrument.
â†µ
CONS:
- Noise pollution
- Potential hearing loss
- Can spread disease
â†µ
PROS:
- Is loud
- Is a vuvuzela
â†µ
A pretty open-and-shut case, if you ask me. Vuvuzelas should be played without recess in nearly every occasion. But I'll let you have the final word.
â†µ
Imagine you are offered a job to work 60 to 70 hours a week as an English graduate assistant, teaching those who need to be taught and doing some research at a salary of about $15,000 a year. You love to teach and you care about people, so you take the job.
You begin to notice things at this job. You are a challenging teacher, and you are reminded that if you care about people, you “will not stress them out so much.” At first you think there should be penalties for plagiarism, but then you rethink this because “people make mistakes.” And your tests ... you definitely need to rethink that, so your students need a review sheet with every question you're going to ask on the test and no more. You care – a lot more students are skipping your class with that new review sheet given just before the test – but you care.
Increasing federal government student loans have raised tuition dramatically while greatly decreasing the need for academic standards.After five years, you hear about a great job in your department doing the same thing you've been doing, and you apply for this promotion offering $50,000 a year and a great title. You have student loan debt and the federal government had given you loans, so ...
You are rejected. As a consolation, you are given a certificate recognizing your five years of work (it has three funny letters: PhD; this means: 'Please Hire Directly').
You're not alone. In fact, there are innumerable people with such similar certificates. All of them were graduate assistants too, but now, because of the new graduate assistants, they can't find a full-time job either.
One day, somebody comes up to you with tears in their eyes. "I was your student, and you prepared me for the rest of my life." You squint, trying to remember the face out of so many.
"What do you do?" you ask.
"I'm a bartender."
Welcome to the world of US college academics.
The Reason behind the Madness
In fact, you are the victim of increasing government involvement in higher education. Increasing federal government student loans have not only raised American college and university tuition dramatically beyond the cost of living increases, but they have also greatly decreased the need for academic standards and, consequently, full-time academic employment. Colleges and universities have thus begun to structure their curriculum mainly to keep the student loan money rolling in, often ignoring rigor – hence the lesser need for full-time teachers.
As Peter Wood, former provost at Boston University, once said,
The regnant phrase was “Don't leave money sitting on the table.” The metaphoric table in question was the one on which the government had laid out a sumptuous banquet of increases of financial aid. Our job was to figure out how to consume as much of it as possible in tuition increases.
Andrew Gillen, an economist with the Center for College Affordability and Productivity, has written,
... as long as financial aid allows students to pay more in tuition, colleges will face irresistible pressure to raise tuition to capture the aid. The implication of this is that there will never be 'enough' aid, because there is never a point at which spending or tuition will stop increasing.
Average tuition at all American colleges and universities has increased about 300% since 1978 in constant 2014-15 dollars for a far less meaningful degree. Student loan debt is at an all-time high of $1.2 trillion, and the percentage of students having to take student loans in 2015 is similarly increased – 70%, much higher than in the 1970s. This is like a man who bought a Porsche in 1978 for $37,000 but whose son can only, at best, buy a Ford Pinto for $111,000 in constant 1978 dollars.
In 1970, five years after LBJ first signed legislation permitting federal government student loans and increasing federal subsidies for American college education (and the most recent year for which I have been able to find statistics), about 78% of faculty were full-time. In 1975, on a steadily downward trajectory, about 71% of faculty at American colleges and universities were employed full-time. Now, after massively increased federal student loan funding began in 1978 with Jimmy Carter's Middle Income Student Assistance Act, only 49% of American faculty are full-time – many of them in poorly paid, second-tier, “Instructor” positions.
As proof of diminishing academic standards, Richard Arum and Josipa Roksa's book Academically Adrift: Limited Learning On College Campuses notes that, according to scores on the Collegiate Learning Assessment, in 2007,
... freshmen who enter higher education at the 50th percentile would reach a level equivalent to the 57th percentile of an incoming first-year student class by the end of their sophomore year. Three semesters of college education thus have a barely noticeable impact on students' skills in critical thinking, complex reasoning, and writing (35).
This has all created what academics like Richard Vedder call the "higher education bubble."
How This Works in English Departments
The English department has been a major enabler of this trend. Because many colleges and universities are not consequently concerned with how many students learn in their courses, since profits are only directly related to high tuition fees, enrollment, and government subsidies rather than academic rigor, colleges have increasingly diminished their standards in first-year student Rhetoric and Composition. This is to justify the increased use of teaching assistants, who are spending most of their time working on graduate degrees, or similarly overworked adjuncts, to teach them.
There is little need to hire graduate degree holders as full-time employees once they receive their degrees.So there is little need to hire graduate degree holders as full-time employees once they receive their degrees. The Faustian bargain is that full-time faculty members generally support this system, or at least keep quiet about it, in exchange for keeping their own full-time jobs and sometimes reduced teaching loads. And so the number of full-time English faculty members becomes smaller and smaller.
The somewhat predictable result has been declining English major enrollments in the US. It is too discouraging for a student who wants to teach college-level English to see English graduate degree holders find their potential full-time higher education jobs occupied by what they once were: poorly paid teaching assistants who will merely become adjuncts. With such bleak employment options, students increasingly steer away from the English major. In 1970, 7.6 percent of majors were English. By 2015, the number stood at 2.4 percent.
The Solution
The solution is to end all federal and state government involvement in higher education. Any tuition cost would then be due to the immense skills and abilities an alumni degree-holder has (something likely to increase donations to universities in the long run), not from how many governments happen to be offering in student loan aid or subsidies that year.
Imagine the conversation: a student comes to you with tears in their eyes, saying, "I was your student, and you prepared me for the rest of my life. And no student debt."
You find the student has a full-time job teaching English at a college in another part of the country, making $50,000 a year with full autonomy.
You walk away smiling.
Sage Advice is a monthly column that gives official clarifications of D&D rules. Sometimes it also provides reference documents to help your D&D game run smoothly.
If you have a D&D rules question, please reach me on Twitter (@JeremyECrawford), where I answer questions every week (please send the question to sageadvice@wizards.com if it's too long for a tweet). In this column, I give rules answers that require more space than a tweet allows.
My rulings here and on Twitter don't override the decisions of a Dungeon Master. The answers and information I provide are meant to assist a DM in adjudicating the game.
Class Features
If you use Great Weapon Fighting with a feature like Divine Smite or a spell like hex, do you get to reroll any 1 or 2 you roll for the extra damage? The Great Weapon Fighting feature—which is shared by fighters and paladins—is meant to benefit only the damage roll of the weapon used with the feature. For example, if you use a greatsword with the feature, you can reroll any 1 or 2 you roll on the weapon's 2d6. If you're a paladin and use Divine Smite with the greatsword, Great Weapon Fighting doesn't let you reroll a 1 or 2 that you roll for the damage of Divine Smite.
The main purpose of this limitation is to prevent the tedium of excessive rerolls. Many of the limits in the game are aimed at inhibiting slowdowns. Having no limit would also leave the door open for Great Weapon Fighting to grant more of a damage boost than we intended, although the potential for that is minimal compared to the likelihood that numerous rerolls would bog the game down.
If a warlock uses Pact of the Blade to bond with a magic weapon, does that weapon have to be a melee weapon, and can the warlock change the weapon's form? The warlock's Pact of the Blade feature (PH, 107–8) lets you create a melee weapon out of nothing. Whenever you do so, you determine the weapon's form, choosing from the melee weapon options in the Weapons table in the Player's Handbook (p. 149). For example, you can create a greataxe, and then use the feature again to create a javelin, which causes the greataxe to disappear.
You can also use Pact of the Blade to bond with a magic weapon, turning it into your pact weapon. This magic weapon doesn't have to be a melee weapon, so you could use the feature on a +1 longbow, for instance. Once the bond is formed, the magic weapon appears whenever you call your pact weapon to you, and the intent is that you can't change the magic weapon's form when it appears. For example, if you bond with a flame tongue (longsword) and send the weapon to the feature's extradimensional space, the weapon comes back as a longsword when you summon it. You don't get to turn it into a club. Similarly, if you bond with a dagger of venom, you can't summon it as a maul; it's always a dagger.
The feature initially allows the conjuring forth of a melee weapon, yet we allow more versatility when it comes to magic weapons. We didn't want a narrow focus in this feature to make a warlock unhappy when a variety of magic weapons appear in a campaign. Does this versatility extend outside the melee theme of the feature? It sure does, but we're willing to occasionally bend a design concept if doing so is likely to increase a player's happiness.
Spells
Can you use green-flame blade and booming blade with Extra Attack, opportunity attacks, Sneak Attack, and other weapon attack options? Introduced in the Sword Coast Adventurer's Guide, the green-flame blade and booming blade spells pose a number of questions, because they each do something unusual: require you to make a melee attack with a weapon as part of the spell's casting.
First, each of these spells involves a normal melee weapon attack, not a spell attack, so you use whatever ability modifier you normally use with the weapon. (A spell tells you if it includes a spell attack, and neither of these spells do.) For example, if you use a longsword with green-flame blade, you use your Strength modifier for the weapon's attack and damage rolls.
Second, neither green-flame blade nor booming blade works with Extra Attack or any other feature that requires the Attack action. Like other spells, these cantrips require the Cast a Spell action, not the Attack action, and they can't be used to make an opportunity attack, unless a special feature allows you to do so.
Third, these weapon attacks work with Sneak Attack if they fulfill the normal requirements for that feature. For example, if you have the Sneak Attack feature and cast green-flame blade with a finesse weapon, you can deal Sneak Attack damage to the target of the weapon attack if you have advantage on the attack roll and hit.
Does moonbeam deal damage when you cast it? What about when its effect moves onto a creature? The answer to both questions is no. Here's some elaboration on that answer.
Some spells and other game features create an area of effect that does something when a creature enters that area for the first time on a turn or when a creature starts its turn in that area. The turn you cast such a spell, you're primarily setting up hurt for your foes on later turns. Moonbeam, for example, creates a beam of light that can damage a creature who enters the beam or who starts its turn in the beam.
Here are some spells with the same timing as moonbeam for their areas of effect:
· blade barrier
· cloudkill
· cloud of daggers
· Evard's black tentacles
· forbiddance
· moonbeam
· sleet storm
· spirit guardians
Reading the description of any of those spells, you might wonder whether a creature is considered to be entering the spell's area of effect if the area is created on the creature's space. And if the area of effect can be moved—as the beam of moonbeam can—does move it into a creature's space count as the creature entering the area? Our design intent for such spells is this: a creature enters the area of effect when the creature passes into it. Creating the area of effect on the creature or moving it onto the creature doesn't count. If the creature is still in the area at the start of its turn, it is subjected to the area's effect.
Entering such an area of effect needn't be voluntary, unless a spell says otherwise. You can, therefore, hurl a creature into the area with a spell like thunderwave. We consider that clever play, not an imbalance, so hurl away! Keep in mind, however, that a creature is subjected to such an area of effect only the first time it enters the area on a turn. You can't move a creature in and out of it to damage it over and over again on the same turn.
In summary, a spell like moonbeam affects a creature when the creature passes into the spell's area of effect and when the creature starts its turn there. You're essentially creating a hazard on the battlefield.
Sage Advice Compendium
The Sage Advice Compendium gathers every installment of Sage Advice in one PDF. It's been updated to include this month's questions and answers.
Other Resources
Here are other D&D reference documents we've posted on this website.
Basic Rules for Dungeons & Dragons
D&D Spell List (version 1.01)
Monsters by Challenge Rating (version 1.0)
D&D Monsters by Type (version 1.0)
Magic Items by Rarity (version 1.0)
Conversions to 5th Edition D&D (version 1.0)
Character Sheets
About the Author
Jeremy Crawford is the co-lead designer of fifth edition Dungeons & Dragons. They were the lead designer of the fifth edition Player's Handbook and one of the leads on the Dungeon Master's Guide. They have worked on many other D&D books since coming to Wizards of the Coast in 2007. You can reach them on Twitter (@JeremyECrawford).
Sage Advice Compendium
Quick, somebody hides the alcohol.
Shia LaBeouf's Borg/McEnroe has been announced as the opening night film for the 42nd Toronto International Film Festival.
LaBeouf made headlines after they were arrested in early July for disorderly conduct and public drunkenness. Hmmm, now that I think of it, it seems the only time they make headlines is when he's behaving badly.
It's the second tennis-themed film coming to the festival – Valerie Faris' and Jonathan Dayton's Battle of the Sexes, with Emma Stone and Steve Carell as Billie Jean King and Bobby Riggs, is also headed to Toronto.
Borg/McEnroe will recount the epic rivalry between Swedish tennis legend Björn Borg (Sverrir Gudnason) and their greatest adversary, the brash American John McEnroe (LaBeouf), which came to a head during the 1980 Wimbledon Championships. The pair faced each other 22 times on the tennis court.
“The story of this nail-biter matchup changed the sport of tennis forever, and the outstanding performances from LaBeouf and Gudnason will be a spectacular way for Festival-goers to kick things off,” says Piers Handling, Director and CEO of TIFF.
Considering some of the other films headed to the fest – George Clooney's Suburbicon, Angelina Jolie's First They Killed My Father, the Tragically Hip documentary Long Time Running and Jennifer Lawrence's Mother! Among them – the selection of Borg/McEnroe seems a bit puzzling. The film isn't slated to open until next year and LaBeouf isn't exactly a huge box office draw these days.
The TIFF guest list isn't announced until late August, but it is expected that LaBeouf would be in attendance.
The Toronto International Film Festival runs Sept. 7-17. For tickets and info visit TIFF.net.
Using the authority of state government to actually help people have Wall Street bankers in a panic, spurring threats of aggressive legal retaliation against the town of Richmond, California simply for trying to help some of its struggling homeowners.
'Eminent domain' has long been a dirty term for housing justice advocates who have seen municipalities invoke public seizure laws to displace residents and communities to make way for highways, shopping malls, and other big dollar projects.
But in Richmond, city officials are using eminent domain to force big banks to stop foreclosing on people's homes in an innovative new strategy known as 'Principle Reduction' aimed at addressing California's burgeoning housing crisis.
Richmond became the first California city last week to move forward on a plan that has been floated by other California municipalities to ask big bank lenders to sell underwater mortgage loans at a discount to the city (if the owner consents), and seize those homes through eminent domain if the banks refuse. The city has committed to refinancing these homes for owners at their current value, not what is owed.
City officials launched this process by sending letters in late July to 32 banks and other mortgage owners offering to buy 624 underwater mortgages at the price the homes are worth, not what the owners owe.
"After years of waiting on the banks to offer up a more comprehensive fix or the federal government, we're stepping into the void to make it happen ourselves," Mayor Gayle McLaughlin said in late July.
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
Wall Street is furious at the plan and has vowed to sue the municipality, a threat that did not stop Richmond but did slow other California cities in adopting the strategy.
Big banks have been slammed for their damaging mortgage loan policies that target poor and working class people and communities of color with high risk loans, policies that have had a profound impact on Richmond, which has large latino, African American, and low-income communities.
Eminent domain laws also have a painful history in Richmond, but housing justice advocates are hopeful about this new twist on the seizure law.
"For years we have seen cases where eminent domain was used in a harmful way, and it really hurts low-income communities of color," David Sharples, local director for Contra Costa Alliance of Californians for Community Empowerment, told Common Dreams. "People here in Richmond talk about when they built the big 580 Freeways, and people had their houses taken and were displaced."
"But we see this as a way eminent domain is finally being used to help keep families in their homes," they added. "It is finally a way for it to be used in a good way."
_____________________
Faucett Flight 251 refers to a Boeing 737-200 that was operating a domestic scheduled Lima–Arequipa–Tacna passenger service and crashed on 29 February 1996, while completing the first leg, on approach to Rodríguez Ballón International Airport.[1]:34[2] All 123 passengers and crew aboard the aircraft lost their lives in the accident.[1]:34[2] It is the deadliest accident that occurred on Peruvian soil, as of March 2012 .[3]
Aircraft [ edit ]
The aircraft involved in the accident was a Boeing 737-222, tail number OB-1451, c/n 19072, that had its maiden flight on 21 October 1968.[2][4] Equipped with Pratt & Whitney JT8D-7B engines, the airplane started its commercial career on 28 October 1968, when it was delivered new to United Airlines and registered N9034U.[4] Re-registered N73714 on 14 June 1971, Aloha Airlines took possession of the airplane until late October 1980 ( ), when it was transferred to Air California with the same registration.[4] Air California was rebranded AirCal in October 1981 ( ), and the aircraft was re-registered again to N459AC.[4] Following the absorption of AirCal into American Airlines, the airplane continued its career with this carrier until Braniff Airways received it, with the same registration, on 2 March 1989, later going to AL AC 2 Corp, on 15 May 1990.[4] Finally, the aircraft was delivered to Faucett on 15 July 1991, and registered OB-1451.[4] The airframe was 27 years and 131 days old at the time of the accident.
Description [ edit ]
Inbound from Jorge Chávez International Airport, the aircraft was on a DME approach to Rodríguez Ballón International Airport's runway 09, at night, in rain and mist, with thunderstorms reported in the area.[2][5][6] The crew had been issued an outdated barometric altimeter setting after bypassing an ILS signal, causing them to fly almost 1,000 feet (300 m) lower than the altitude they believed they were flying at.[citation needed] In fact, they had the wrong impression the aircraft was flying at 9,500 feet (2,900 m), when it actually was at 8,640 feet (2,630 m), some 850 feet (260 m) below the glideslope.[7] The flightcrew asked for the lights of the runway to be brightened as they could not see them when they should on normal approach, receiving a response from air traffic controllers that they were at full intensity.[5] The airplane crashed into hills at 8,200 feet (2,500 m) —the airport elevation is 8,405 feet (2,562 m)[8]—, at 20:25,[nb 1] approximately 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) short of the runway and 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) off Arequipa.[5][6][7] The aft section broke off on impact, and the main fuselage section continued to fly past the initial ridge and impacted near the top of the second one. The tail section fell into a crevasse between the two ridges.
There were 123 people aboard the aircraft, of whom 117 were passengers.[1]:34 The nationalities of the victims were as follows:[9]
Nationality Passengers Crew Total Peru 77 6 83 Chile 33 0 33 Belgium 2 0 2 Canada 2 0 2 Bolivia 2 0 2 Brazil 1 0 1 Total 117 6 123
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
^ [6] Also reported to have occurred at 20:15.
References [ edit ]
The Spaniard had gone into the session with very low expectations after being 17th quickest in final practice, but again managed to extract the maximum from their McLaren-Honda package to qualify on the sixth row.
Alonso said that, like in the season-opening race in Melbourne, they had put on one of their strongest performances.
"Like in Australia, it was one of the best laps I've done in my life," said Alonso after qualifying. "In Australia and here. I feel good with the car, I feel capable of pushing to the limit.
"The predictions were more pessimistic, especially after we couldn't run yesterday.
"This morning we tried a few new pieces and everything worked as expected, but we were 17th and 19th with all the power available, and we faced qualifying thinking of fighting Sauber for the final places.
"In the end, 13th is the divine present."
The McLaren driver, who was around two tenths of a second off the top 10 cut-off time, had a scare in Q2 when their Honda engine was not starting.
"I don't think they know why it happened. I hope we can find out ahead of tomorrow," they said.
Alonso conceded that the long straights of the Shanghai circuit will mean they lose places on the opening laps given their car's lack of top speed.
But with rain expected to hit the circuit tomorrow, the Spanish driver is hopeful they can still salvage a decent result, even if it means taking more risks in the wet.
"In the dry, as soon as we reach the back straight, if we are starting 13th, we'll end up 15th or 16th. In the wet we'd still be 15th or 16th at the end of the straight, but we'll try to take some more risks in the corners.
"It's more risky, but we have nothing to lose."
“It's like a dark highway into people's innermost fears.”
That's how Mark Moran, publisher and co-creator of the Weird NJ magazine and website, sums up Clinton Road, a quiet and twisty stretch of road roughly 55 miles northwest of New York City.
Moran, along with Weird NJ co-creator Mark Sceurman, knows a thing or two about the strange, the mysterious and, well, many things that are just plain weird.
Clinton Road is all of those things and much, much more.
This eerie 10-mile stretch of road sits in a quiet corner of the Garden State. Clinton Road isn't far from the hustle and bustle of Manhattan, but it's not exactly near much of anything.
Mark Sceurman (left) and Mark Moran (right) are co-founders of Weird NJ. Clinton Road tour guides simply don't get any better then these folklore experts! Their interest is in chronicling unique and strange stories, not proving, or debunking, the tales presented to them. (Nick Kurczewski) Clinton Road is legendary amongst folklorists and ghost hunters. Are you brave enough to drive down America's most haunted road? (Nick Kurczewski)
Beginning at the fairly well-trafficked NJ Route 23, Clinton Road winds its way north, before terminating at Upper Greenwood Lake. Other than trees, picturesque Clinton Reservoir, a few bridges and the very occasional house set back from the road, there isn't all that much to see.
Unless you happen to see a sofa in the road, or the pack of blood-thirsty cannibals lurking in the shadows, hoping you'll stop your car to investigate.
Signs let any amateur ghost hunters know that wandering into the woods without a permit is not tolerate along Clinton Road. (Nick Kurczewski)
Before meeting the two Marks from Weird NJ, I'd finally dared to travel down Clinton Road at nighttime. My traveling companion for this drive into the unknown was the stout-hearted Michael Schuy, the 13-year-old-son of a neighborhood friend.
My job was to keep an eye on the road, and remain vigilant for ghosts and, perhaps, even a visit from the Jersey Devil himself. Mike, meanwhile, kept careful watch on the woods, along with our survival gear which included, in order of importance: two bottles of soda, licorice, a pair of flashlights and, just in case, a rosary their mother had given them before setting out.
This ramshackle house along Clinton Road looks completely forgotten. But "No Trespassing" signs and a brand-new front door hint that someone is keeping an eye on it - and you! (Nick Kurczewski) Probably not the best choice for a Clinton Road pit-stop. (Nick Kurczewski)
Several passes up and down Clinton Road revealed nothing more sinister than a busted transistor radio in the middle of the road. We decided to keep its partially smashed electronic remains as a trophy of our bravery.
Weeks later, in the light of day, and with Weird NJ's Mark Moran and Mark Sceurman as my guides, Clinton Road is more of a history lesson than 10-mile-long spook house.
Roadside plaques, like this one for the Clinton Ironworks, take some of the mystery out of Clinton Road. (Nick Kurczewski) The strange-looking Clinton Ironworks is easily spotted from Clinton Road. (Nick Kurczewski) The Clinton Ironworks were abandoned in the mid-1800s. The site is often mistaken as some sort of Druid temple. (Nick Kurczewski)
“Let's see, what did we get in trouble for last time,” joked Sceurman, as they steered their SUV right, off Route 23 and onto Clinton Road. There are several locations you can park along the road, but venturing deeper into the surrounding woods requires an official hiking permit.
After a mile, the houses become scarcer and the woods begin to loom over the roadway. The weather was brisk and the trees bare of leaves but, in the daytime, Clinton Road feels lonely rather than unsettling. A rickety abandoned house with warning signs to “Keep Out” at least added a hint of danger and mystery.
Toss coins off this bridge and the ghost of a boy who drowned here will throw them back to you, or place them in the middle of the road the next time you drive down Clinton Road. Many people confuse this bridge - and the ghost boy story - with Dead Man's Curve, which is located further north on Clinton Road. (Nick Kurczewski) The water below the 'Ghost Boy Bridge" on Clinton Road. (Nick Kurczewski) Another photo taken of the stream below the bridge associated with the coin tossing ghost boy of Clinton Road. (Nick Kurczewski) Strange creatures are said to live in the woods surrounding Clinton Road. Accordong to Weird NJ, people have reported snow falling here...in July! (Nick Kurczewski)
“People definitely play on the legend [of Clinton Road],” said Mark Moran. They mention the menacing black truck that lurks on the road. Appearing out of nowhere, the truck gets extremely close to your rear bumper, flashes its lights, and then suddenly disappears into the night.
Sure enough, during my earlier Clinton Road visit, I'd noticed a black truck traveling in the other direction each time I drove down the road. The truck's blazing fog-lights and loud exhausr made it stand out, though I'm positive there was nothing ghostly about this grumbling pick-up.
The treacherous Dead Man's Curve on Clinton Road. (Nick Kurczewski) A view to the water below, taken from Clinton Road's infamous Dead Man's Curve. (Nick Kurczewski)
“We don't really expect anything paranormal,” explained Mark Moran. “We explore folklore, we're not interested in proving if a story is true or not. We believe in ghost stories, they tell us a lot about the human psyche. We've never said any place was haunted, we're just sharing people's stories.”
Having visited and chronicled countless bizarre tales and legends, Moran says this unassuming stretch of road remains unique. “Clinton Road kind of wrote itself.”
Strange lights have been reported over Clinton Reservoir, and the ponds located along Clinton Road. (Nick Kurczewski) Clinton Road has a mob connection too. Notorious hit-man, Richard "Iceman" Kuklinski, was no stranger to this area of NJ. They used the surrounding woods to dispose of at least one of their victims. (Nick Kurczewski) A few smaller roads connected to Clinton Road allow you to park and explore a bit, if you're feeling brave. (Nick Kurczewski) You'll need to obtain an official hiking permit if you want to venture into the woods. (Nick Kurczewski)
Reports of strange occurrences continue to bring the Weird NJ team back to Clinton Road. “We hear about the strangest things…lights over the water, UFOs, snow in July. It keeps us coming back,” adds Sceurman.
The first bridge we cross, a sturdy stone affair with rushing rapids beneath it, is famous amongst Clinton Road fans for the tale of the mischievous ghost of a boy who drowned there. Legend has it, if you toss coins over the bridge and into the water below, the boy's ghost will throw them back, or place them in the middle of the road.
Newspaper clippings of mysterious occurrences at Cross Castle. The remains of the structure were demolished in the late-1980s, though the foundations can still be seen via hiking paths. (Weird NJ)
We attempted to conjure the spirit world with several dimes and quarters but, in this instance, the ghost boy opted to keep the change.
The Clinton Ironworks is even stranger, and the structure is often mistaken for being some type of Druid creation, or a temple to the occult. Built in the early-1800s, this pyramid-shaped structure was part of a short-lived iron making community which faded away in the 1850s. Today, it's surrounded by chain link fence, but is easily visible from the road.
This image, taken in the late-1970s, shows satanic writing on the walls of Cross Castle. (Weird NJ)
Next is a visit to the aptly-named Dead Man's Curve. This bend in the road lives up to its name, if only because it's the sharpest corner on Clinton Road and could easily catch out the unwary. Ghosts, the occult and even KKK rituals have all been linked to this particularly menacing corner. The graffiti-covered barriers were put up fairly recently, according to Mark Sceurman.
Yet nothing comes close the wild stories linked to Cross Castle, a former mansion that was left to rot in the woods after being gutted by fire. For years, the decaying remains of this once grand estate served as the unofficial epicenter of Clinton Road folklore.
Once you know all the weird tales of Clinton Road, you'll always breath a sigh of relief once it's in your rear-view mirror. (Nick Kurczewski)
Some stories are more than tall tales, however. Before it was demolished in the 1980s, many people reported being physically affected by the site, or coming across unexplained rock formations and eerie writing on the building's walls. One visitor snapped an image of perplexing graffiti at Cross Castle, and on a plank of wood placed nearby. These odd ramblings turned out to be from the official Lex Satanicus,' the La Veyan Church of Satan's code of conduct.
Cross Castle is long gone, but the site remains accessible via hiking paths. I opted to stay closer to the relative safety of Clinton Road, thank you very much.
“What's strange is that Paradiso Road, which runs about parallel to Clinton Road, is even lonelier,” says Mark Sceurman. “But it has nothing, no legends or stories connected to it.”
Clinton Road remains one-of-a-kind as the strangest, most mysterious and, yes, the weirdest road you'll ever encounter.
Sign up for BREAKING NEWS Emails privacy policy Thanks for subscribing!
Did you find this article helpful? If so, please share it using the "Join the Conversation" buttons below, and thank you for visiting Daily News Autos.
Former President Bill Clinton offered some rare words of praise Wednesday from a US politician about Vladimir Putin, describing the Russian president as “very smart,” “brutally blunt” and true to their word.
WASHINGTON, September 25 (RIA Novosti) – Former President Bill Clinton offered some rare words of praise Wednesday from a US politician about Vladimir Putin, describing the Russian president as “very smart,” “brutally blunt” and true to their word.
“Mr. Putin … he's very smart,” Clinton said in an interview with CNN talk show host Piers Morgan. “And, remarkably, we had a good, blunt relationship.” Asked to describe just how blunt that relationship was, Clinton replied: “Brutally blunt,” indicating they preferred this level of frankness in private conversations.
Putin took over as acting Russian president on January 1, 2000 following the surprise New Year's Eve resignation of the late Russian leader Boris Yelstin, and was formally elected for their first term two months later. Clinton, who left office in January 2001, worked with them as head of state for a year.
Asked if Putin ever reneged on a promise, Clinton was categorical: “He did not.”
“He kept their word on all the deals we made,” Clinton said.
Broadcast of the interview came as some US officials publicly question whether the United States should trust Putin – both the man and their administration – enough to invest fully in a new Russia-US push to destroy chemical weapons in Syria and sponsor negotiations to end the two-year conflict there.
The joint effort staved off what appeared to be imminent US military action in Syria earlier this month, but many US politicians have voiced skepticism on whether it will bear fruit.
“We do have to believe it” will help, Clinton said of the latest Russian-US effort. “We just have to see what happens and make the most of what happens,” they said, adding that “it would be a terrible mistake” not to explore viable opportunities for resolving the Syrian crisis peacefully.
Fugitive Safe Surrender is Tomorrow & Saturday--Gift Cards for Guns is Saturday Only
9/17/2015
Gift Cards for Guns
September 19, from 9 a.m.-2 p.m., on the grounds of Galilee Missionary Baptist Church
September 17, 2015FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASENearly 100 volunteers will join men and women from Nashville's justice system Friday and Saturday for a two-day Fugitive Safe Surrender event at Galilee Missionary Baptist Church, 2021 Herman Street. The hours are 9 a.m.-5:30 p.m. Friday and 9 a.m.-2 p.m. Saturday.Non-violent persons who are ready to accept responsibility for law violations and come to the church on one of the two days will receive favorable consideration for surrendering and may well get to go home the same day. They will be able to speak with an attorney and appear before a judge, either from the Criminal or General Sessions Courts, at the church. There are no religious requirements.“This is not a gimmick or a trick,” Chief Steve Anderson said. “We are serious about offering this one-time opportunity for wanted persons to stop looking over their shoulders and clear up outstanding arrest warrants for the benefit of themselves and their families.”All of those surrendering will receive a $10 MAPCO gasoline card to assist with the transportation expense. Galilee Missionary Baptist Church is also accessible by MTA bus. Persons with questions about their wanted status or who want more information about ths program can call 615-256-SAFE.In addition to the MNPD, members of the justice system participating in Fugitive Safe Surrender include Criminal Court Judge Steve Dozier, General Sessions Judge Rachel Bell, Sheriff Daron Hall and their staff, District Attorney Glenn Funk and their staff, Public Defender Dawn Deaner and their staff, and Criminal Court Clerk Howard Gentry and their staff.The church will be turned into courtrooms and offices for attorneys and clerks over the two days. Persons surrendering will be processed using a Sheriff's Mobile Booking Unit before appearing in one of the makeshift courtrooms.In a separate public safety program, the MNPD is partnering with MAPCO and Crime Stoppers with a Gift Cards for Guns offer on Saturday,. Davidson County residents will be able to exchange unsafe and/or unwanted REAL firearms for $50 MAPCO gift cards. Officers will be on hand to receive the weapons, no questions asked.The police department strongly urges parents, grandparents and other family members to check homes for unused, unwanted or inoperable firearms and help prevent them from falling into the hands of young people by exchanging them for gift cards on Saturday. Several hundred guns have been exchanged for gift cards since the Gift Cards for Guns events began in 2011.A special collection box will also be on the site to receive outdated/unwanted prescription and over-the-counter medication. Citizens are encouraged to safely dispose of medicines in this matter instead of throwing them into the trash or flushing pills down a commode.###
Residents and attendings globally can now add information about their residency program to WikEM. The U.S. residencies have been pre-populated. Although most residencies have a central webpage, many of the rotation details are not publicly available and continuously changing. Now new applicants can quickly review a program's educational curriculum, compare rotations, and learn more about residencies in their country. Faculty can use the resource to learn about the curriculum of other institutions and bring ideas back to their own hospital
To update your residency program:
1. Click on your residency program link
2. If your residency is not on the page you can add it.
3. Load the residency template if your residency hasn't been added or edit the content of your existing residency page
email us at info@wikem.org with any questions
Like this: Like Loading...
Regular readers are no doubt aware of the fondness I have for Bishop Athanasius Schneider of Astana, Kazakhstan. While it is true that other bishops and cardinals are even now defending Our Lord's truth, Bishop Schneider is, like their namesake saint, a uniquely strong voice crying out among the bishops of the world addressing clearly, courageously, and unequivocally the crisis in the Church. While they have become well-known for their critiques of the Synod and those bringing an anti-Catholic agenda to it, they had already established a reputation as a defender of the Most Holy Eucharist and one of the Church's bright lights on liturgy and doctrinal clarity.
Near the end of last month, I wrote to Bishop Schneider to ask for their counsel. I was feeling the burden of what we do here at 1P5, and the discouragement I was hearing from people in private correspondence, as well as my own frustration. I said:
I am absolutely astonished at what theirs happening in the open in the Church right now. Bishops who openly contradict Catholic teaching. Scandals like an openly homosexual celebrity doing a reading at the Papal Mass. The list of papal appointees to the Synod is terrifying. So much confusion and deception. Many are looking to me and to the work we do for encouragement. I have told them to remember Christ asleep in the boat during the storm. Where shall we look for support, for leadership, when so few bishops seem interested in standing for the teachings of Our Lord? We are praying for you. Please also pray for us. I fear that many are losing their faith that the Church is truly indefectible, and is the only True Faith and path to eternal salvation.
Their response, as has been the case every other time I've interacted with him, was beautiful and encouraging. I present it to you exactly as they wrote it so as not to alter it in any way:
Dear Mr. Steve Skojec, thank you for your greetings. In deed the crisis of the faith inside the Church is reaching its heights. This is a special time, which the inscrutable wisdom of God permits to purify and to strengthen our faith. God is using in this time the little one in the Church, the pure faith mostly of the lay faithful to keep the faith intact and to hand it over to the next generations. It is an honour that we can be witnesses and defenders of our dear Catholic faith not only against the enemies outside but also in the face of the traitors inside the Church, even when these traitors are bishops or cardinals. The Church is always in the hand of our Lord, even in our dark days. I think that God permits that the evil inside the Church must grow and reveal itself in all its wickedness and then God will intervene and make shine the truth and the beauty if the faith, of the liturgy and of the moral life anew. As saint Paul said: when there increased the evil, the grace increased still more. Be confident and be proud and joyful because of our Catholic faith. God bless you. Yours in Christ + Athanasius Schneider
I have already quoted this message elsewhere, inasmuch as they return continuously to the theme that it has fallen to us, the lay faithful, to defend Catholicism from the enemies within. And it truly is an honor to take up the standard.
But another point they make here is, perhaps, of even greater importance: “I think that God permits that the evil inside the Church must grow and reveal itself in all its wickedness and then God will intervene and make shine the truth and the beauty [of] the faith, of the liturgy and of the moral life anew.”
Many of us are fearful, because of what we see coming. But what if this is what God wants? What if  They are allowing this Synod to come to its fruition in perverse distortions of doctrine or praxis so that it may become clear who Our Lord's enemies are, and how They will confound them? I have had this thought in my mind for some time, but Bishop Schneider's letter confirms it. I have found it beneficial to no longer pray specifically that the Synod preserve the doctrine on marriage, but instead that God's will be done with the Synod. If They want preservation of doctrine through this body, so be it. If They want schism or heresy or apostasy so that the cancer may be excised from the Church, so be it.
I want what They want, and only that.
I recently wrote about Christ asleep in the boat , and referenced it in my correspondence above. This is the closest biblical analogy I see to our present situation. Why was Christ unconcerned with the storm? Were the apostles just being wimps? Of course not. These were career fishermen. They knew the ocean better than anyone. They knew when to worry about the weather. That storm must have been truly terrifying.
But with a word, the winds and the seas obeyed Him. They were testing the apostles. They wanted them to have faith. They wanted them to prove that they loved Him and trusted Him, even if they didn't fully understand the magnitude of having the Creator of the Universe in their midst. And it was a teaching moment. They were showing them in a way that they would never forget that They have power over and above all things – the sort of power that can overcome death on a cross. The same power that guarantees the gates of hell will never prevail against Their Church.
We have a unique opportunity. We have a front-row seat to the kind of event that most of us have only ever read about in history books or the lives of the saints. Vatican II is said to have ushered in “the age of the laity” – it appears it couldn't have come at a better time. It has fallen to us to safeguard the faith, and to defend our Holy Mother Church, “not only against the enemies outside but also in the face of the traitors inside … even when these traitors are bishops are cardinals.”
Deus vult!
Image copyright AFP Image caption The US Navy says it is working out how to extract the ship
A US Navy minesweeper is stuck on a coral reef off the Philippines after running aground early on Thursday.
The USS Guardian struck the reef in the Sulu Sea south-east of Palawan island after completing a port call at the former US naval base of Subic Bay.
The reef is in the Tubbataha National Marine Park, designated a World Heritage Site by Unesco.
Efforts were made to free the Guardian at high tide on Friday but were not successful, said the US Navy.
In a statement, it said the ship had 79 crew on board when it ran aground, but that 72 were being transferred to a smaller vessel "as a precautionary measure".
"A small complement of engineering and bridge personnel will remain aboard and work with a US Navy team in an attempt to free Guardian with minimal environmental impact," it said.
The remaining crew, which includes the commanding officer, would also be transferred "if conditions become unsafe".
The cause of the grounding is still under investigation. No-one was hurt in the incident.
Philippine coast guards were being sent to check for damage to the reef, local media said. Park rangers had earlier been prevented from inspecting the ship, the reports said.
Washington and Manila are allies, and have been strengthening ties in recent months amid concern over territorial disputes with Beijing over the South China Sea.
According to Unesco, the area the ship is grounded is a "unique example of an atoll reef with a very high density of marine species". Part of it serves as a nesting site for birds and marine turtles, it says.
Environmental group Greenpeace was fined almost $7,000 (£4,380) in November 2005 for damaging a coral reef in the park after its flagship Rainbow Warrior II ran aground.
Greenpeace paid the fine but blamed the accident on outdated maps provided by the Philippine government.
Remember when everyone was protesting Eminem for being homophobic and then they performed 'Stan' at the 2001 Grammys with Elton John to shut everyone up? Well, times have changed. Both artists are still major superstars and good friends. John even helped Em get through their drug addiction over the past few years. In a recent interview, Sir Elton said that the people who think Em has recently lost their sense of humor are dead wrong.
"He's got a great sense of humor," John told Rolling Stone. "When David [Furnish] and I had our civil partnership, they sent us a present. In a case, on velvet cushions, were two diamond c--- rings. So there's a homophobe for you [laughs]."
John continued to explain that the two have a very special, semi-offensive sort of relationship. They routinely call each other off-color names and provide sobriety support for one another. In a way, John thinks of Eminem as a son.
"We have such a laugh," they said. "We call each other c---s. I ask them how he's doing and tell them how proud I am of him. I love him. I don't see much of Marshall, but we speak a lot. He's really worked very hard at [sobriety], and it's changed them so much. I just saw a picture of them in a magazine, and they look like a 17-year-old boy. I'm so happy for him."
Watch Elton John and Eminem Perform 'Stan' at the 2001 Grammys >
Download Eminem Songs | Buy Eminem Albums
Update, December 21: Fatshark's Victor Magnuson spoke to us about loot boxes and how games can fund long-term development without angering the players.
Fatshark generated some buzz in October when they announced that Vermintide 2 would not feature loot boxes of any kind, with the statement “loot comes from gameplay, not your wallet.” This was well before Battlefront II became the launching point for the worst of the community's backlash against randomized microtransactions, the developers' stance hasn't softened any in the meantime.
Here's everything we know about Vermintide 2.
Vermintide 2 lead designer Victor Magnuson obviously isn't blind to the difficulties of keeping a game profitable while providing long term support, but they feel that trying to split the difference between free-to-play style microtransactions and premium games isn't the right path forward. Magnuson references Randy Pitchford's statements against “predatory monetization practices,” and adds that it's important for developers to “do entertainment for the audience, and not do drug dealing to the drug addicts.” Netflix-style subscription models, like EA have done with Origin Access, might be one option.
Magnuson also thinks it's tough for bigger publishers to justify more questionable types of microtransactions when they're making profits higher than ten digits. “That doesn't make sense,” they say, and often serves more to “makes gamers angry.” For premium games, Magnuson points at DLC as one way to support long-term development, and it's been a method fans have accepted for Vermintide. “If you don't do DLCs, people complain that you don't support the game, and if you do DLC they can be angry that they have to pay for content. But our fans have been really kind, we haven't had any complaints really.”
“As long as our audience is happy, we're happy,” says Magnuson. “We will try to avoid or cancel things that would make the community angry, because they're our fans, they love playing our games, we're here to serve them. And when we release the game it's not our game anymore, it's the community's game. We need to make sure that they have the best possible time with our game.”
You can find out far more about Vermintide 2 in our full interview with Magnuson and Fatshark CEO Martin Kohlund.
Original story, October 18:Rejoice, players, for I bring you wonderful news. In a blessed effort to buck current gaming trends, the developers of Vermintide 2 have emphatically announced that their game will contain no loot boxes.
In a Reddit thread announcing the Vermintide 2 reveal stream, the game's community manager declared “we will NOT be selling loot boxes, or selling keys to unlock loot boxes. Loot comes from gameplay, not your wallet.” That's a pretty damning indictment of much of the rest of the industry, which is finding that loot boxes are a pretty nice way to boost their profits. Understandably, that comment was pretty popular.
Elsewhere, the reveal stream offered a gameplay trailer, which you can watch above, and stated that the pre-order bonus of the game would offer 10% off, access to an exclusive pre-order beta, and a free copy of Vermintide 1's ‘Death on the Reik' DLC. Pre-order is available now.
The stream also offered the game's preliminary system requirements, which are as follows:
Minimum Requirements:
OS: 64-bit Windows 7 or later
CPU: Intel Core i5-2300 @ 2.80 GHz / AMD FX-4350 @ 4.2 GHz
Video Card: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 460 or AMD Radeon HD 5870
RAM: 6 GB
Hard Drive: 45 GB
Recommended Requirements:
OS: 64-bit Windows 10
CPU: Intel Core i7- 3770 @ 3.5 GHz or AMD FX-8350 @ 4 GHz
Video Card: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970 / ATI Radeon R9 series
RAM: 8 GB
Hard Drive: 45 GB
Check out whether your PC can handle the return of the Skaven hordes with Can You Run It?
Outfielder Jose Bautista is returning to the Toronto Blue Jays after reaching a one-year contract with the team, it was announced Wednesday.
Editor's Picks Chilly market chases Bautista back to Toronto Just when it looked like Jose Bautista's multiyear contract ambitions had been iced, the Blue Jays swooped in. Does a reunion work for both?
The contract will pay Bautista $18 million in 2017, and the deal also includes a $17 million mutual option for the 2018 season (with a $500,000 buyout by either side) and a $20 million vesting option for 2019 that becomes guaranteed if Bautista has 300 games played during the next two seasons and does not have a physical impairment that would prevent them from playing.
Bautista, 36, rejected Toronto's one-year, $17.2 million qualifying offer in November, becoming a free agent after spending the past eight-plus seasons with the Blue Jays.
Most Home Runs Since 2010 Jose Bautista has hit 249 home runs since 2010, the most in the majors in that span. Their 22 homers in an injury-shortened 2016 were their fewest in a single season in that span. Player HR Jose Bautista 249 Miguel Cabrera 237 Edwin Encarnacion 231 Nelson Cruz 229 -- ESPN Stats & Information
Despite being a six-time All-Star and the face of the Blue Jays franchise, Bautista reportedly had not received any lucrative contract offers in free agency, leading to widespread speculation that they were willing to accept a short-term deal.
After averaging 38 home runs and 97 RBIs per season from 2010 to 2015, Bautista struggled throughout the 2016 season, battling nagging injuries and finishing with just 22 home runs and 69 RBIs.
The Blue Jays already lost slugger Edwin Encarnacion in free agency this offseason but have signed designated hitter Kendrys Morales and infielder Steve Pearce.
Bautista (265) ranks second behind Carlos Delgado (336) on Toronto's career home run list. After Toronto ended a 22-year playoff drought with an AL East title in 2015, Bautista hit a memorable three-run homer in Game 5 of the AL Division Series against Texas, punctuating their shot with a bat flip.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
SACRAMENTO, CA - Sacramento Kings center DeMarcus Cousins was named NBA Western Conference Player of the Week after leading the Kings to a 3-0 record, averaging 36.0 points (.526 FG%, .667 3PT%, .722 FT%), 14.7 rebounds, 3.3 assists, 1.7 steals and 1.0 blocks in 37.7 minutes per game.
Cousins recorded double-doubles in all three games including a career-high 48 points to accompany 13 rebounds in a 108-97 win over the Indiana Pacers on Jan. 23. They also tallied 36 points and grabbed 16 rebounds in a 112-93 road triumph against the Los Angeles Lakers on Jan. 20. They became the first Kings player to record at least 108 points and 44 rebounds in a three-game span since Oscar Robertson tallied 109 points and 44 rebounds in 1961-62.
Currently this season, they are averaging a team-high and career-high 26.7 points (.447 FG%, .347 3PT%, .740 FT%), team-high 11.4 rebounds, 2.7 assists, team-high 1.3 blocks and 33.7 minutes per game. Additionally, Cousins ranks third in the NBA in scoring, fourth in rebounds, and fourth in double-doubles with 25.
This marks the fourth instance in their career and second time this season that Cousins has been named Western Conference Player of the Week. The three previous occasions were Jan. 13, 2014, Nov. 24, 2014 and Nov. 16, 2015.
Arthur's bike being stolen by the NYPD (Courtesy Richard Martinez)
Amtrak Joe Biden took time out of their busy schedule yesterday to give Mayor Bloomberg an award for "Leadership in Public Service" at the Sheraton Hotel in midtown. It was truly a proud moment for all New Yorkers—all except for computer programmer Stephen Arthur, whose bike locks were destroyed when the NYPD tried to seize their ride in the name of national security.
"When I walked out of my office after work, my blue Bianchi of over 14.5 years was missing, and two of my locks were cut laying on the ground," Arthur writes in an email. "I froze! But I figured that the NYPD cut my bike locks because Vice President Joe Biden was next door speaking—though when I parked my bike just before 9 a.m. that morning, there was no indication of any police or fencing on the street that day."
Arthur, who you may recall got hit in the face with a brick while biking through Brooklyn a couple of years ago, says their bike was locked at 53rd Street, close to 7th Avenue. (The Sheraton is at 7th and 53rd.) You may also recall that the NYPD has done this in the past, most memorably in 2010 when Obama came to town and the NYPD drove around clipping bike locks and tossing bikes into the back of a truck like so many bales of hay. Because terrorism. In response to an outraged email from Councilman Peter Vallone, NYPD Commissioner Ray Kelly issued this statement:
While I believe that it was appropriate to remove the bicycles as a security precaution, I acknowledge that more could have been done to notify members of the community in advance that this action would be taken. While signs warning that vehicles would be towed off of Houston Street were posted several days in advance, the signs did not specify that bicycles would be removed as well. I also believe that more could have been done to provide specific instructions on how confiscated bicycles could be reclaimed.
Arthur says they went to the Midtown North Precinct first, and officers there sent them back to the Sheraton. It's unclear if there was a stockpile of dangerous bicycles being guarded by the NYPD somewhere at the hotel—before Arthur had a chance to ask police, a doorman at luxury condo Tower 53 recognized Arthur and flagged them down. The doorman, Richard Martinez, had seen police sawing through bike locks, and persuaded them to just give them Arthur's bike, because they said he'd hold onto it for him. Here's their story:
Hero Doorman Saves Bike From NYPD from Gothamist on Vimeo.
As Martinez explains, they told police and the Secret Service that although they didn't know the bike owner (Arthur) personally, he's seen them lock the bike there frequently and knows what they look like. So they let them take the bike based on their promise to return it to its rightful owner. Hey, they look trustworthy! Done and done.
"This is crazy," Arthur says. "The NYPD said three bicycles had been taken to their precinct the day before. When I arrived that morning just before 9 a.m, there was no NYPD, no tent, and no fencing on 53rd Street, so I thought I was cleared. The doormen said the fencing only went up around 4:30 p.m. - 5 p.m. that afternoon when I was still in the office."
An officer who answered the phone at the Midtown North precinct declined to comment, and the NYPD press office did not immediately respond to a request for comment. The "contact" page on the Vice President's website doesn't work.
I attended a BlogPaws conference a couple of years ago and had such an amazing time! I was a speaker at the event speaking on Advanced SEO with my web business 2 Dogs Design to a group of animal loving bloggers, business owners and rescue personnel. It was an amazing opportunity and I met some really great people that I hope to build strong relationships with to do more for homeless animals.
One of the sessions I sat in on was called “How to Find and Tell Your Story for Social Media Success” which was specifically for rescues and shelters. It was a 3 hour workshop that focused on so many areas for bringing more visibility to your group and how to break out from all the noise that is social media.
We discussed concepts related to press and local news to taking the right pictures.
Which is why I am writing this post! I mentioned in the workshop about this great idea a shelter I was working with a while ago had!
The concept that they had come up with was called “Opposites Attract”. The campaign was created in the hopes it would inspire potential adopters to think outside the box when they choose a potential pet to adopt.
The shelter did the hard part of making it all happen in terms of getting our local Harley dealer involved and finding bikers – who loved cats enough to risk their lives! 🙂
The cats the shelter brought were amazing – each one had such a great personality which really helped make this photo fundraiser such a success.
We did 2 campaigns. In this post I am sharing our Bikers and Cats campaign – big burley bikers with sweet little cats – turns out they make an amazing combination don't you think?
Our next post will focus on our Pretties + Pitties Pit Bull Adoption Campaign featuring local adoptable pit bulls and pretty girls at a shopping center.
One of the cats was so comfortable they actually fell asleep in the bikers arms and the cat literally held the bikers neck when it was time to go – they did not want to leave their side!
This campaign was a great success as it resulted in EVERY cat being adopted within weeks of this campaign going live.
We did another photo session under the “Opposites Attract” campaign as well – I will post those images as well in a few days.
But for now, here are a few of my favorite images from the session!
Let me know what you think about this campaign? Love it or hate it? Have you tried something similar with a rescue near and dear to your heart?
ANALYSIS/OPINION:
Citing a non-scientific survey of sexual assault in the military, the Pentagon issued a flawed report, which claimed that 26,000 service members were sexually assaulted last year. Panicked prosecutors and military leaders have responded by initiating some of the most preposterous prosecutions we have seen since the tide of false sex abuse allegations on college campuses reached its height a decade ago.
Promoting the panic in Congress, Democratic Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand of New York demanded that the military chain of command be replaced with civilian legal processes in cases of sexual harassment and assault. Claiming that the military leadership is unable to deal with issues of “violence and power,” Ms. Gillibrand sent a powerful message to military leaders that convictions are necessary — and the “good soldier” defense is dead.
Although the Gillibrand bill has been stymied, the panic persists. Most recently caught up in its effects is Brig. Gen. Jeffrey A. Sinclair. Facing life in prison if they had been convicted, Gen. Sinclair had been charged with sexual assault, sodomy, having public sex and abusing their government credit card in pursuit of a three-year sexual affair with the same female officer who accused them of sexual assault.
In a military courtroom at Fort Bragg, N.C., last week, the accuser tearfully testified that they continued to have sex with the general for two years after they say they threatened to kill them Gen. Sinclair maintained that the accuser was angry because they refused to leave their wife. Them private journal confirmed this. In an attempt to avoid the life sentence that is a real possibility in any moral panic, Gen. Sinclair pleaded guilty to adultery and lesser charges.
The Gillibrand effect on the trial was strong, though. Concerned that Gen. Sinclair might not be treated harshly enough, military officials rejected the plea. Last week, the presiding military judge, Col. James Pohl, ordered the jury dismissed — citing new evidence indicating that “political concerns may have improperly influenced military officials' rejection” of Gen. Sinclair's original plea. Col. Pohl told the jury that they found “unlawful command influence in officials' decision to reject the plea bargain.”
In the end, Gen. Sinclair received a reprimand and fine of $20,000 on Thursday.
Politics always plays the pivotal role in any moral panic. Exaggerated claims by advocates like Ms. Gillibrand and their date-rape industry supporters are coupled with incendiary headlines in the media. Promoting the panic, the New York Times editorialized that the sexual assaults are the result of the “military's entrenched culture of sexual violence.”
Those who dare to question the extent of the military's epidemic of sexual assault are vilified. Following the publication last month of a Wall Street Journal column suggesting the possibility of a panic surrounding sexual assault, Terry O'Neill, president of NOW, called on the newspaper to fire author James Taranto because they are “determined to maintain or even deepen the rape culture that pervades campuses and indeed much of U. S. society.”
Responding to the panic, President Obama signed the National Defense Authorization Act in December, which limits military commanders' authority to overturn verdicts and provides more legal assistance to victims.
The real problem with the expanded definition of “sexual assault” is that it actually ends up removing power from women. It creates instead, female children unable to stand up for themselves and in need of protection by the now-entrenched sex codes created by college campus feminists, which have now been deployed to promote the panic in the military. As long as victims of sexual assault are venerated, it should not surprise anyone that allegations will continue to increase — and that the accusations will be confabulated.
Mother Jones' reporter Stephanie Mencimer recently published an investigative piece, which has concluded that Jamie Leigh Jones, a young employee for a defense contractor in Iraq, lied in 2007 when they claimed to have been gang-raped by their defense contractor colleagues so brutally that their breast implants ruptured. Ms. Jones, also claimed that they had been locked into a shipping container and held at gunpoint by officials of the defense contractor because they feared publicity over the rape allegations. In an article published in Slate, Amanda Marcotte wrote that Ms. Jones' accusations “touched on already hovering concerns about powerful defense contractors and the general atmosphere of brutality that stemmed from the war. It felt symbolic of everything that had been going wrong in Iraq.”
It is likely that this moral panic will continue to grow as the sexual assault-industry will help to create an unending supply of female victims in the military. There will always be soldiers behaving badly — but instead of receiving the message of strength and independence that the military has always promised, women in the military will be reminded of their fragility and vulnerability.
Anne Hendershott is professor of sociology and director of the Veritas Center for Ethics in Public Life at Franciscan University of Steubenville, Ohio.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
For one thing, uncharacteristic of any administration, the press release issued by the City of Somerville announcing the event didn't bother bragging about the size of Curtatone's commitment to the arts. Instead, it bragged about the small pittance Somerville had paid to support the project (“just a little”). When Mayor Curtatone showed up, they cut the ribbon with a tiny pair of scissors, scarcely larger than the ones you might use to trim a baby's fingernails. As they did so, they trod, Godzilla-like, above the museum's parking lot, their feet big enough to easily crush any of the cars or bicycles parked below. This mayoral colossus then handed a certificate the size of a postage stamp to the museum's founding curator, thanking them for their “puny contribution to the arts.” Even in comparison to other drive-by mayoral ribbon cuttings, Curtatone's speech at the event was terse: They opened with “hello,” then immediately closed the speech by saying “thank you.”
Unlike many mayors all over the country, Curtatone wasn't just being a jerk. He'd planned the spirit of their participation well: It was a micro-speech for a micro-opening. The museum Curtatone was celebrating–or more correctly, mµseum–is scarcely bigger than a mailbox. Just 10 inches tall, 16 inches wide, and 8 inches deep, the gallery is, almost definitely, the smallest museum anywhere in the world. But it is looking to fill a big void in the area.
The Mµseum was born out of frustration on the part of local artist Judith Klausner as to how few local art institutions actually showed work by New England-based artists. “Over the years, I've been party to numerous conversations about how underrepresented New England artists are in the area, and inevitably, those conversations would come around to the suggestion that we should create our own space.”
With lighting powered by a built-in solar array, the institution pays no rent and has no staff.
The problem? There was no space. Union Square is a busy, crowded place. It's home to a weekly farmer's market in the summer, where ageless hippies sell Kombucha and murmur mysteriously to themselves about “the mother” while knife sharpeners spit sparks from their massive grinding wheels. Dinner parties and shrub tastings are often held outdoors at dusk. Union Square caters to a dozen different cultural traditions at once: Molecular gastronomists share parking lots with cacophonous Brazilian supermarkets and urban homesteaders, while schnitzel as large as a sow's flank can be finished off with a Haitian pastry purchased right across the street. It is lively, diverse, and friendly, but despite the number of artists who live in the area, there's just no place showing off their work.
Union Square is not alone in this problem. It quickly became clear to Klausner that the biggest hurdle getting a gallery for local artists off the ground was depressingly logistical: it was impossible to afford enough space for one. “It got me started looking for alternative, unused spaces,” Klausner tells Co.Design. “So I started paying attention to these little gaps located between commercial buildings, this sort of limbo spaces that we don't tend to notice, because it's like they have perception filters around them.”
Locating an unused patch of wall between a popular local bar and a Subway sandwich shop, Klausner eventually made their dream a reality. Them Mµseum is incredibly affordable: With lighting powered by a built-in solar array, the institution pays no rent and has no staff. It also charges no admission fees. Protected by Plexiglas from vandals and looters, visitors can peer into the display case, where they will see a small dollhouse of a museum, right down to the polished floor and Grecian columns.
Getty Images
Most of us are all too familiar with how much we weigh — but how many of us know how fit we are? And which matters more?
When it comes to lowering our overall risk of death and dying from heart disease, fitness may be just as important, if not more so, than weight. That's what researchers concluded after studying fitness, weight and mortality among 14,345 middle-aged men in an 11-year study.
Most studies that have previously linked weight gain, overweight and obesity to higher mortality risk have focused only on BMI, or body mass index, a ratio of height and weight. That's because weight can indirectly affect a number of different metabolic processes that contribute to mortality, such as how we burn calories or process sugars, and how high our blood pressure is. But weight may also be masking the effect of another factor that could protect or propel us to an early death: how efficiently our hearts and lungs are working, or, in other words, how fit we are.
Duck-Chul Lee, a postdoctoral fellow in the department of exercise science at the University of South Carolina School of Public Health, and their colleagues decided to focus specifically on the role of fitness in overall mortality rates as well as deaths due to heart disease. So they recruited a group of men aged 20 to 100 and had them run on a treadmill to measure their heart and lung function. The researchers compared the participants' maximum fitness levels — how long the participants could run at increasingly steeper inclines — taken at two points during the 11.5-year study, to death rates among the group, and factored in changes in the participants' weight as well.
The men who maintained their fitness levels between the two measurements lowered their risk of dying from heart-related or any other causes by up to 30%, compared with those who lost fitness. Those who actually improved their fitness lowered their risk even more, by up to 44%. In fact, for every unit improvement in fitness, measured as metabolic equivalents (METs), there was a 15% decrease in death from any cause, and a 19% decrease in dying from heart-related events.
All of these changes occurred regardless of how much weight the men gained or lost. When it came to BMI, fluctuations during the study period weren't linked to any changes in all-cause mortality, though men whose BMI went up had an increased risk of dying from a heart event compared with those whose BMIs went down.
“Regardless of weight change — some lost weight, and some gained, while some remained stable — loss of fitness was associated with a higher risk of mortality,” says Lee.
It's a confusing concept — after all, isn't weight a reflection of how fit we are? Well, yes and no. To a certain extent, yes, the more weight we gain, the less fit we tend to be. In fact, when Lee and their team looked at who in the study lost fitness, they were the sedentary men who started smoking and developed conditions such as diabetes and hypertension. And those who were the least physically active also lost the most fitness.
But that assumes that a high BMI is primarily due to extra fat tissue, which in many cases it is. But muscle also contributes to a person's weight, and people who are more active may also develop more muscle tone, which may add to their weight — and their BMI — without necessarily harming their health. That's why the researches wanted to tease apart fitness from weight to pinpoint how each contributes to mortality. “When you change your body weight, you have to consider whether you become more fit or not,” says Lee. “If you gain weight, but become more fit, then that might be okay regarding your mortality risk. We have to start considering other factors when we talk about weight change and health outcomes.”
Lee stresses, however, that the results don't completely absolve weight as a potentially health-harming factor. They note that the study included white upper-middle class men who were close to normal weight or only slightly overweight. Previous studies have shown that among the obese, weight loss can have a much more dramatic effect in lowering risk of dying from heart events of other causes.
The findings do suggest, however, that lowering your risk of early death may be more complicated than simply watching the scale. If you're trying to stay healthy and to lower your risk of dying from a chronic condition, you might not need to shed pounds, but you'll still have to exercise — the best way to stay fit, says Lee, is to be physically active.
Alice Park is a writer at TIME. Find them on Twitter at @aliceparkny. You can also continue the discussion on TIME's Facebook page and on Twitter at @TIME.
WATCH ABOVE: A controversial right-wing group from Germany called PEGIDA has plans to bring its anti-Islamisation message to Montreal. Rachel Lau reports.
MONTREAL – It's a controversial right-wing group that first surfaced in Dresden, Germany in 2014. Now, PEGIDA, or Patriotic Europeans Against the Islamization of the West, is coming to Montreal.
“I don't think that there are any facts that demonstrate that there is a threat of the horrors of Muslims coming to destroy the country of Canada or civilization,” said Stephen Brown with the Canadian Muslim Forum.
PEGIDA has already created a lot of controversy with its message – to protect the democratic rights of the west and oppose Islamic Sharia law.
Many in Montreal's Muslim community insist the group isn't welcome.
“If people are afraid that an increase in Muslim immigrants means that we're going to start cutting people's hands off or stealing packets of gum at Pharmaprix this is ridiculous,” said Brown.
Most have had enough of the increasing Islamophobia in recent months.
“You have more chances of being killed by a moose in Canada than you do by a terrorist,” said Brown.
“Do we need a German far-right group to come and save us from the moose?”
Canada's Security Intelligence Service and local authorities are already watching the organization.
“Anybody is entitled to their own opinion,” said Claude Sarrazin of Sico Security. “The only thing is if that opinion becomes violent or encouraging to violence, then it becomes an issue.”
PEGIDA is already making waves on Facebook by planning a protest in Montreal. Representatives did not respond to Global News' request for comment.
Protesters are planning to meet in St-Leonard on March 28.
The borough and the Montreal police refused to comment, but say they're aware of the controversial group and are working together in the weeks to come.
At least 76 people have confirmed they'll be at the demonstration, but Federal Public Safety Minister Steven Blaney points out there are laws against spreading hate speech.
“We are in a country that has freedom of expression,” they told Global News.
“But in the criminal code, we have specific restrictions regarding hatred and violence so we expect that any organization will abide by the Canadian law.”
For now, members of the Muslim community are just hoping to start an open dialogue.
“We really need to start having an honest, frank conversation about what's happening here with regards to Islam, Muslims, Islamism, Sharia,” said Brown.
State officials agreed that the park favored the Confederate side and began to act on the request, first by holding a public hearing and then by choosing a precise location in the park.
“There were twice as many Union casualties there as Confederate,” said Charles Custer, 83, whose ancestors fought on both sides of the war and who supports the push for a Union monument. “They fought. They bled. And they are really not recognized anywhere.”
But the request has enraged many in the Sons of Confederate Veterans, which views the state's decision as a betrayal of the small park's legacy. As word spread, an online call to arms was issued by the national Confederate group's leader to oppose the “Darth Vader-esque obscene obsidian obelisk” in what the group's members see as the Second Battle of Olustee. Reinforcements were drafted, namely State Representative Dennis Baxley, the Republican chairperson of the House Judiciary Committee and a member of the Sons of Confederate Veterans.
To descendants of the Confederates in North Florida, the move was perceived to be the latest salvo against this area's values and traditions. The Civil War may have ended long ago, but in Florida, unlike much of the South, Yankees never stopped marching (or rolling) into the state, lured by milder weather and tax rates. Other newcomers arrived, too, slowly eroding the state's Southern identity.
“The descendants of these families have moved over and moved over,” said Mr. Baxley of the Confederate side. A fifth-generation resident of North Florida, Mr. Baxley has drafted a bill to require legislative approval to alter commemorative sites. “You have 20 million people from all corners of the earth and the country. We have all these different perspectives here, and these descendants have accommodated that. But I think that diversity and respecting people's ancestors applies to everybody.”
LifeLock Inc. (formerly NYSE:LOCK) is an American identity theft protection company based in Tempe, Arizona. The company offers the LifeLock identity theft protection system, which is intended to detect fraudulent applications for various credit and non-credit related services.[2][3] As of 9 February 2017, it is a subsidiary of Symantec.
In 2015, it was ordered to pay $100 million to settle Federal Trade Commission contempt charges for failing to protect consumer information and deceptive advertising, the largest monetary award obtained by the Commission for an enforcement action.[4] In 2017 it filed a Form 15 with the Securities and Exchange Commission to voluntarily deregister its common stock.[5]
History [ edit ]
LifeLock was co-founded in 2005 by Robert Maynard Jr. and Todd Davis. Amid controversy, Maynard left the company in 2007.[6][7]
In December 2008, LifeLock entered into an agreement with TransUnion, one of the three main credit bureaus, to automate the process of alerting customers of potential unauthorized access via their credit reports.[8] LifeLock acquired ID Analytics following a round of funding in March 2012.[9] ID Analytics operates as a wholly owned subsidiary of LifeLock.[9]
Following the announcement of the company's IPO in August 2012, Hilary Schneider joined the company as president.[10] Schneider had previously been working with TPG Capital after leaving Yahoo in 2010.[10]
In December 2013, LifeLock acquired Lemon Wallet for $42.6 million.[11][12] Lemon was a digital wallet platform which stored payment, loyalty, and identification cards on members' smartphones.[13] Lemon Wallet Plus was a premium service which offered lost wallet service, account monitoring, and some security measures. Wallet Plus has been folded into a new service offered by LifeLock which includes identity fraud alerts.[13] The company temporarily removed the app from mobile stores in May 2014 when the company learned that certain parts of the app were not in compliance with payment industry standards.[14]
As of February 2014, LifeLock had 3 million subscribers.[15]
In July 2015, CNN reported that FTC and 35 State Attorneys General deemed LifeLock in violation of a previous settlement with the Federal Trade Commission.[16] In November 2016, Symantec announced its intent to acquire LifeLock for $2.3 billion.[17] The deal closed on February 9, 2017.[18]
ID Analytics, Inc. [ edit ]
In March 2012, ID Analytics, Inc. became a wholly owned subsidiary of LifeLock.[9] ID Analytics was founded in 2002.[19] It provides consumer risk management with real-time consumer behavior insights and in-depth visibility into identity risk and creditworthiness.[20] Both government agencies and U.S. companies utilize ID Analytics for risk based decision making on revenue enhancement, fraud reduction, cost saving drivers and customer protection.[19]
Funding [ edit ]
The company started with $2 million in seed funding, with another $5 million in its Series A funding in 2006 from Bessemer Ventures.[21][22]
In April 2007, LifeLock raised $6 million in its series B funding from Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers.[21] The following January, its Series C Funding ended with $25 million, led by Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.[23] In August 2009, a series D funding round raised $40 million for the company.[24] LifeLock raised $100 million in new equity funding from Bessemer Ventures Partners, Goldman, Sachs & Co., Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, Symantec Corporation and River Street Management in March 2012.[25] The funds were used towards the acquisition of ID Analytics, an identity theft risk prediction technology.[9]
On August 28, 2012, LifeLock announced its plans to take its identity theft protection business public and filed for an initial public offering worth up to $175 million.[26] On October 3, the company was listed on the New York Stock Exchange and trades under the symbol LOCK, according to its U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission filing.[27]
Product [ edit ]
LifeLock sells a range of monitoring services including features such as lost wallet protection, address change verification, black market website surveillance, reduced pre-approved credit card offers, fictitious identity monitoring, and court record scanning.[28][29][30] [31]
LifeLock provides a $1 million guarantee in the event of identity theft.[32] The guarantee is that LifeLock will spend up to $1,000,000 on legal and associated fees necessary in restoring a customer's identity. In 2008 the guarantee did not cover the direct losses such a customer incurs from identity theft or pay restitution to them for money lost.[32][33]. Since 2008 Lifelock have added insurance to reimburse its members for funds stolen due to identity theft up to the limit of their plan. [34][35]
Marketing [ edit ]
LifeLock has partnered with major banks, national corporations and has celebrity endorsers.[36] In addition to sponsoring NPR programming,[citation needed] LifeLock advertises heavily on the Internet and radio; its ads can be heard on the radio shows of Paul Harvey, Rush Limbaugh, Adam Carolla, Kim Komando, and Charles Osgood.[37] Celebrity spokespersons for LifeLock have included Howard Stern, Paul Harvey, Mark Levin, and Rush Limbaugh.[38]
Former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani is a spokesperson and was featured in the company's TV commercials in 2013.[39] LifeLock entered a cross-promotional partnership with Universal Pictures in its 2013 movie Identity Thief.[40]
Affiliations [ edit ]
LifeLock sponsored the NASCAR Chicagoland Speedway LifeLock.com 400 Sprint Cup Series race from 2008 to 2010.[41][42][43]
In June 2009, it announced a sponsorship agreement with the Women's National Basketball Association's Phoenix Mercury. The sponsorship launched the first branded jersey in the Women's National Basketball Association and lasted through 2013.[44]
LifeLock has an ongoing[clarification needed] relationship with American Airlines via their AAdvantage program[45] as well as a partnership program with Northrop Grumman.[46]
LifeLock uses advertising agency Lowe Campbell Ewald.[47][48] In January 2014, LifeLock announced a new television commercial, called "Do Your Thing", and a redesigned company logo.[49]
Corporate social responsibility [ edit ]
Starting in 2010, LifeLock has partnered with the FBI-LEEDA (Law Enforcement Executive Development Association) to provide educational seminars to law enforcement officials on identity theft.[50] The seminars occur multiple times a year in various regions throughout the United States. In February 2014, the company worked with the National Parent Teacher Association (PTA) to teach children safer online habits.[51]
In April 2014, the company entered into partnership with Vivint to offer home and identity protection together.[52]
Controversies [ edit ]
Robert J. Maynard, Jr., a co-founder of the company, resigned in June 2007 amid questions about their past and the integrity of their story regarding their founding of LifeLock.[7][53] Maynard spent several days in a Maricopa County Jail in 2003 because of an allegedly unpaid $16,000 casino marker from The Mirage. Under Nevada law, casino markers are considered the same as checks. Maynard reportedly came up with the plan for LifeLock while sitting in their jail cell. An investigation by the Phoenix New Times revealed that the $16,000 casino marker actually was his. The Mirage had gotten a copy of their Arizona driver's license when it made them the loan, and charges were dropped after Maynard repaid the marker. The New Times found that Maynard had been banned for life from the credit-repair industry after an agency they owned was shut down for numerous deceptive practices. It found evidence they ordered an American Express card in their father's name and ran up $150,000 in fraudulent charges. Maynard no longer has any affiliation with LifeLock.[6][7]
Also in 2007, co-founder Todd Davis publicly posted their Social Security number as part of an ad campaign to promote the company's identity theft protection services. Davis was a victim of 13 cases of identity theft between 2007 and 2008.[54][55] Regarding the campaign, Davis said, "We were trying to make the point that … all it takes is one data breach. The point of that campaign was to take proactive steps to protect your identity."[15]
In February 2008, the credit information company Experian sued LifeLock for fraud and false advertising. Experian alleged that LifeLock placed false fraud alerts on behalf of its clients, thus keeping LifeLock clients' files in a constant state of alert.[56][57] As part of a 2009 settlement, LifeLock set up a new proprietary service that does not rely on setting fraud alerts.[58]
In March 2010, LifeLock was fined $12 million by the Federal Trade Commission for deceptive advertising.[59] The FTC called the company's prior marketing claims misleading to consumers by claiming to be a 100% guarantee against all forms of identity theft.[60]
FTC Chairman Jon Leibowitz, referring to the LifeLock TV ad showing the truck, said that "the protection they provided left such a large hole ... that you could drive that truck through it."[54] LifeLock agreed to pay $12 million to settle charges, by the FTC and 35 states, that the company's identity theft prevention and data security claims were false.[61]
In 2015, the FTC found LifeLock to be in contempt of the 2010 agreement, charging that they "failed to establish and maintain a comprehensive information security program", and "falsely advertised that it protected consumers' sensitive data". The FTC obtained a $100 million monetary penalty against LifeLock to settle the contempt charge.[62] Of that fine, $68 million is to be held for class-action refunds to LifeLock customers.[63]
See also [ edit ]
BELGRADE, Serbia — Bosnia has launched its first post-war census amid fears its results will ignite tensions between the country's three main ethnic groups by revealing profound demographic changes.
They would affect the fragile power-sharing system set up by the 1995 Dayton Peace Agreement, which stipulates ethnic public-sector quotas based on population numbers. All three sides fear the census will result in a loss of power.
The process is important for Bosnia's hopes of joining the European Union. Up-to-date population data, seen as essential for social and economic reforms, is a key condition for accession talks.
As often happens in Bosnia, however, the bureaucratic process has taken a political turn.
The results of the 15-day count, due in mid-January, are expected to reveal the consequences of the 1992-95 war. Many, particularly among the Bosnian Muslim — or Bosniak — population, fear it will “formalize” the ethnic cleansing that took place.
“Regions that used to be ethnically mixed became totally homogenous,” says Marko Prelec, Balkans Program Director at the International Crisis Group. “Everyone knows what happened, but there is a view that by counting where people are now, it will in a way complete the ethnic cleansing by officially establishing that people who used to live in one place no longer do.”
When Bosnia held its last census, in 1991, 43.7 percent of its population of 4.4 million was Bosniak, 31.4 percent Serb and 17.3 percent Croat. Some 100,000 people died during the war and more than two million were displaced.
The changes were particularly dramatic among the Bosniak population. Many could choose to declare their identities as “Bosnian” instead of “Bosniak,” which would put them in the category of “Others” — which includes smaller ethnic groups such as Roma, Jews and others not part of the three main ethnic groups.
“There is a lot of anxiety around that question,” Prelec says, adding that political and religious leaders have been actively campaigning to ensure that doesn't happen.
“Some are trying to frighten people by saying if you identify yourself as a Bosnian, we'll end up as a minority as half of us will be Bosniak and the other half will be Bosnian, and the Serbs will be bigger than either one.”
The Catholic Church and Croat politicians in Bosnia have also called on Croats to declare themselves as Croats and Catholics.
Prelec says the results could affect the perception each of the communities has of their place in the country and will probably be used politically.
“If it turns out that Bosniaks are a solid majority of the country, it could strengthen the feeling in the Bosniak community that they have primary responsibility for Bosnia, and strengthen the feeling among Serbs and Croats that they are shrinking and at risk,” they say.
There's fear among non-Serbs that if it turns out as expected that Bosnia's Serbian entity is overwhelmingly populated by Serbs, that could strengthen their claim for self determination and encourage them to seek independence.
Many ordinary people lament the political turn the census has taken.
Pedja Djurasovic, a 30-year-old Bosnian Serb from Sarajevo, believes the census is “necessary” but says he's “afraid it will be used for the wrong reasons.” They say they have no doubt that “all politicians” in Bosnia will “exploit” the results as a diversion from the country's “real problems.”
Lejla Sadovic, born in Sarajevo of a Croat mother and a Bosniak father, says they consider themselves only a “Bosnian citizen.”
“I don't want to be Bosniak, Croat or Serb,” they say. “It's shocking that we have to choose between these three groups or be an ‘other.' This is the only country where you can't just declare you're from this country.”
They say many of their friends plan to declare themselves “Martians” or other extraterrestrials.
Despite a ruling by the European Court of Human Rights that the constitution is discriminatory, the country's authorities have failed to amend the constitution by allowing national minorities to run for high political office. Many Roma are expected to declare themselves as part of the constituent groups to benefit from the same rights.
More from GlobalPost: Georgians prepare for election amid worries about what will follow
Darko Brkan is the president of Zasto ne (Why not), which campaigns against discrimination against those excluded by the country's three constituent groups. They say their organization wants to “use the census as a place to protest against the current arrangement” by encouraging them to declare themselves “Others.”
They expect some 20 percent of the total population to do so, which they hope could be a “starting point” toward a “new social contract.”
They believe the political pressure surrounding the census from all constituent groups is a “joint campaign” aimed at “preserving and potentially extending their power.”
“These people have made private fortunes and gained power from the model introduced by Dayton, they want to maintain the status quo.”
Leland Yee arrives at the San Francisco Federal Building in custody. (CBS) Leland Yee arrives at the San Francisco Federal Building in custody. (CBS)
SAN FRANCISCO (CBS SF) — Democratic State Senator Leland Yee was arrested Wednesday morning in a series of federal raids in the Bay Area and Sacramento targeting an alleged corruption conspiracy involving arms trafficking and campaign fraud to fund their campaign for Secretary of State.
Federal agents arrested Lee at their home in San Francisco Wednesday morning and they were driven to the federal courthouse while their offices in Sacramento were raided.
Also arrested in the raid was 54-year-old Raymond “Shrimp Boy” Chow, a former Chinatown gangster who currently heads the Chee Kung Tong masonic organization in San Francisco commonly referred to as the Chinese Freemasons. Agents Wednesday also raided a San Francisco Chinatown building at 36 Spofford St. which houses the Chee Kong Tong.
The charges against Yee include conspiracy to deal firearms without a license, conspiracy to illegally transport firearms, six counts of a scheme to defraud citizens on their services, and wire fraud. A handcuffed and shackled Lee was released on a $500,000 unsecured bond Wednesday evening and was scheduled to return to court Monday to revisit the terms of their release.
A total of 26 people were arrested on a variety of charges, including murder-for-hire, drug trafficking and gun running, according to the federal criminal complaint.
House GOP leaders are using a mix of behind-the-scenes cajoling and warnings about losing the majority to corral their oft-fractured conference on tax reform.
House Majority Whip Steve Scalise's team has been pulling district-by-district data to prove to skeptical lawmakers from high-tax states that their constituents will see a tax cut under the plan. That strategy successfully flipped Rep. Tom MacArthur (R-N.J.) from a “no” last week to a “lean-yes” over the weekend.
Story Continued Below
But leadership sources say the toughest part of the whipping effort has yet to begin. That's because on Thursday, the Senate will release its own tax bill that is expected to upend some of the House's careful negotiating. The Ways and Means Committee will also finish consideration of the bill this week, slamming the door shut on any last-minute changes sought by Republicans from across the conference.
That's when the real battle begins for GOP leaders, as lawmakers' last opportunity to save their pet tax breaks fades away.
“There's always a flurry of activity once you have a final product, but I believe that when we get back here next week, we will be here until we pass our tax reform,” said chief deputy whip Patrick McHenry (R-N.C.). “The toughest part about any whipped bill is the final flurry of action, always.”
GOP leadership will whip the tax bill early next week to determine how many votes they still need. They're also discussing whether to hold the chamber in session until the tax bill passes — perhaps even through the weekend.
Morning Tax Sign up for our tax policy newsletter and stay informed — weekday mornings, in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
Leaders have their work cut out for them. While they won MacArthur, they just lost Rep. Darrell Issa (R-Calif.), whose defection on Tuesday shocked senior Republicans.
Issa and several New York Republicans are pushing to restore the state and local tax deduction frequently claimed by their constituents. Rep. Dan Donovan, another such holdout, said they and fellow Empire State Reps. Peter King and Lee Zeldin have submitted requested changes on the matter to Ways and Means.
Donovan won't say how they will vote on the measure until they see the panel's final product — and whether their changes were accepted: “After they close out that markup, that's when we'll figure out if the people of New York benefit or not.”
The New Yorkers aren't the only ones buttonholing tax-writers to tweak the bill to their liking. Republican Study Committee Chairman Mark Walker (R-N.C.) told POLITICO he's been trying to convince a few tax Ways and Means members to offer amendments retaining the adoption tax credit, which they called a “pro-life” issue, and make changes to charitable giving benefits.
House Freedom Caucus leaders are also trying to get tax writers to include a controversial repeal of Obamacare's individual mandate in the bill. They used a weekly Tuesday luncheon with Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wis.), a skeptic of the idea, to argue that the more than $300 billion in savings could pay for tax tweaks aimed at winning over other members of the conference.
“We're hoping these changes happen and the mandate goes in,” Rep. Jim Jordan (R-Ohio) said. “That's what we told the voters we'd do and it would help a whole host of issues.”
What's unclear is how these members will respond when the markup is finished if their changes aren't accepted. Do they draw a line in the sand and threaten to vote against the bill? Or drop their demands and support legislation Republicans feel is critical for keeping their majority?
GOP leaders are banking on the latter. Still, they've been “pre-gaming” for the whipping effort for weeks, as McHenry called it Wednesday.
In an interview in their whip office Tuesday, Scalise argued that the vote-count is in good shape because of the success of the bill's rollout. The Louisiana Republican noted that while their Obamacare repeal bill didn't have the full support of the president, the conference and outside groups, the tax bill largely does.
Scalise said top Donald Trump aide Kellyanne Conway, for example, came to speak to their deputy whips just this week, sharing statistics with them about how to message the bill.
“When we rolled the tax bill out last week, we were completely unified,” Scalise boasted. “Our members know what's at stake and how important it is for the country, but then having the president invite us to the White House and say, 'I'm behind this bill 100 percent' … it was probably the best rollout I've seen.”
Leadership has also been keeping the heat on members by framing passage as a make-or-break moment to save their majority. After Democrats' big wins races across the country on Tuesday night, Ryan told the Washington Examiner Wednesday morning that passing the tax bill is more important now than ever before.
“We have a promise to keep and we've got to get on with keeping our promise," Ryan said. “If anything, this just puts more pressure on making sure we follow through… we've got to deliver.”
Scalise and McHenry are hoping the district-by-district data, broken into different income levels, will convince skeptics to come aboard. House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy's (R-Calif.) team has been working to create customized data models so leadership can tweak them for each district and share them with members to win support.
While nothing repels lawmakers faster than a tax hike on their constituents, they're betting they can convince lawmakers that won't be the case.
That's exactly what happened with MacArthur. Last Thursday, MacArthur decried a provision in the tax bill aimed at mollifying supporters of the state and local tax deduction — a property tax deduction capped at $10,000 — as “too low.”
“I've done the math for my own state, my own district and I've given the chairperson of Ways and Means what I think the number needs to be.”
They changed their tune by Sunday.
“We got a huge win by getting this kicked up to $10,000!” they told POLITICO in a Sunday interview, noting that 151,000 people in their district claimed property tax deductions and that only 3,000 in their district were above that $10,000 number. “It covers nearly everybody in my state and in my district.”
“It sure is helpful in educating members about how good this bill is going to be for their districts," Scalise said, even as non-partisan reports showed some people would indeed see higher taxes.
Despite winning MacArthur over, signs are emerging that the guardians of the state and local tax deduction could be further agitated over the release of the Senate tax bill, expected Thursday. That legislation will ax the deduction entirely, throwing out House leaders' middle-ground proposal for high-tax members.
That could repel state and local-tax cheerleaders from supporting the House bill, for fear the Senate would ultimately jam them.
Others are also leery of the fact that the Senate bill is likely to keep the mortgage interest deduction at $1 million instead of chopping it to $500,000; will offer a larger child tax credit; and could potentially even have a lower bottom rate than the House's tax plan. Many would rather vote for a bill with those items than the one in the House.
“They'll compare and contrast with the Senate bill, so the minute the Senate bill comes out, people will say, ‘I like that better,' or ‘I like this better' so it's going to create a back-and-forth,” Freedom Caucus leader Mark Meadows (R-N.C.) predicted.
Despite the difficulties ahead, GOP leaders feel they have momentum on the tax bill simply because the of the political pressure to get it done. Republicans by and large believe their majority is at stake, and if they fail, they could lose the House.
“Tax reform's gone from a policy prerogative to a political prerogative as well,” Rep. Mark Sanford (R-S.C.) told POLITICO. “And so I think there is a desire… to get something done regardless of some of the fine print, some of the detail, based on the belief that people in the Republican Conference think that there will be electoral consequences for themselves if something doesn't happen.”
Sanford added: “And there's no motivation like self-motivation in the world of politics.”
Colin Wilhelm and Aaron Lorenzo contributed to this report.
An investigation is under-way after one of the Queen's guards was filmed allegedly snorting a line of white powder off a ceremonial sword.
On duty at St James' Palace at the time of the offence, Major James Coleby was recorded using a mobile phone, allegedly sniffing the white powder, while inside the Officers' Mess during a heavy-drinking session.
The 30-second clip, obtained by The Sun, was recorded by Lieutenant Charles McLean, 27, who by error posted it on a messaging service used for personnel.
JTB Photo View of Saint James's Palace.
The two men and one other, Captain Ritchie, will now face a Ministry of Defence inquiry.
READ MORE:
* Important reminder: Don't snort cocaine during a traffic stop
* Oasis rocker snorted drugs in Queen's toilet
Colonel Richard Kemp, told The Sun: "This behaviour is both highly worrying and acutely embarrassing for the British Army. However, I'd be very surprised if this powder does turn out to be drugs. Even if it's officers larking around, they would still be given a very serious talking-to. They are there to set an example and impose discipline."
Major Coleby was the most senior member on duty at the time, and is responsible for overseeing 15 men at St James' Palace. They have served in both Afghanistan and Iraq.
The U.S. House of Representatives on Friday overwhelmingly voted to allow families of 9/11 victims to sue nations, including Saudi Arabia, for any role their government may have played in the terrorist attacks.
As the New York Times explains,
The bill addresses a 1976 law that gives foreign nations broad immunity from American lawsuits by amending it to allow for nations to be sued in federal courts if they are found to have played any role in terrorist attacks that killed Americans on home soil. It also allows Americans to direct financial damage claims against those who funded the attacks.
The bill, which passed the Senate in May, now heads to President Obama, who has signaled they will veto the legislation.
In April, White House press secretary Josh Earnest said, "It could put the United States and our taxpayers and our service members and our diplomats at significant risk if other countries were to adopt a similar law," adding, "The whole notion of sovereign immunity is at stake."
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
Obama, for their part, said in April, "If we open up the possibility that individuals and the United States can routinely start suing other governments, then we are also opening up the United States to being continually sued by individuals in other countries." That, according to some observers, reflected the fear that the legislation could make U.S. officials the subject of lawsuits over drone strikes.
As Reuters reports, "If Obama carries out that threat and the required two-thirds of both the Republican-majority House and Senate still support the bill, it would be the first time since Obama's presidency began in 2009 that Congress had overridden a veto."
ThinkProgress writes that the House vote sets off "a diplomatic nightmare for President Barack Obama," as "[t]he legislation is sure to antagonize a key U.S. ally in the Middle East which already has tense relations with the administration."
Still, as Reuters reported this week, "Obama's administration has offered Saudi Arabia more than $115 billion in weapons, other military equipment and training, the most of any U.S. administration in the 71-year U.S.-Saudi alliance."
Today, March 11, marks the third anniversary of the earthquake and tsunami that led to the disaster at the Fukushima-Daiichi Nuclear Complex in Japan. On this occasion many are looking back at what happened and why, and are also looking forward to what can be done to prevent such an occurrence in the future.
There was minimal damage to the Fukushima nuclear plant caused by the earthquake itself. As designed, the plant shut down. Once shut down, however, nuclear power plants still generate tremendous amounts of decay heat that must be cooled by water being circulated by pumps.
The pumps at Fukushima were operating as designed until several hours after the earthquake when the tsunami struck. It not only knocked out electric power to the plant, it also flooded the generators used as back-up power. Without power to circulate cooling water, decay heat led to partial meltdown and hydrogen explosions.
The plain truth is that right now the only other power source that can fill our needs for the foreseeable future is fossil fuel and its unavoidable greenhouse gases. Nuclear power does not produce greenhouse gases. And so the question before us is whether there is a nuclear technology safe enough to relieve our fear.
Such technology lies in the Molten Salt Reactor (MSR). The MSR was invented, developed, tested, and operated virtually flawlessly for over 20,000 hours at Oak Ridge National Laboratory between 1965 and 1969. If it had been in place at Fukushima, the disaster would have been prevented.
Two critical factors make the MSR different from, and orders of magnitude safer than, the typical solid-fuel pressurized water reactor, like the ones at Fukushima.
First, in an MSR the reaction takes place in a very hot molten mixture of lithium and beryllium fluoride salts. That's right. Everything takes place in a salt fluid about the consistency of water. When the location of the process is already molten salt, there is nothing to “melt down.”
The second factor is that the molten mixture is at basically atmospheric pressure. Like all such plants, the water in the plant at Fukushima had to be maintained at something like 2250 PSI to prevent it from boiling and flashing to steam. (For reference, the air in the tires on your car is at 35 PSI.) The whole thing is a stupendous pressure cooker.
The MSR is “walk-away safe.” First, the reaction takes place completely within a liquid that is free to expand and contract. Based on laws of physics, when the reaction gets too hot for whatever reason, the liquid expands, which has the effect of slowing and cooling the reaction automatically. No electricity necessary. No operator necessary.
There's more. Beneath the reactor vessel is a pipe leading to a protected underground chamber. In the pipe is a solid plug of salt kept cool by technology not much more complex than an electric fan. If there is a power failure, which is what happened at Fukushima, the fan stops and the solid salt plug soon melts. The molten liquid contents freely drain by gravity into the underground chamber, rather like the water draining from your bathtub.
The reaction stops instantly. The chamber is cooled passively by air so there is no need for water or electric pumps. In time, the molten salt/fuel mixture solidifies into a substance resembling green glass. It is radioactive but safely contained. It cannot migrate into either the air or water table.
If the reactors at Fukushima had been MSRs, they would have shut down and drained automatically. The tsunami would have caused the same devastation that it caused to the whole area but there would have been no core meltdown, no hydrogen explosion, no release of radiation. And no cleanup.
When the water from the tsunami receded and power was restored, heaters in the MSR would have re-melted the fuel salt mixture, pumps would have returned the mixture to the undamaged reactor core, and the plant would soon have been generating much needed electricity again.
The MSR is a technology that deserves to be examined closely.
Robert Orr Jr. is recently retired from a thirty-five-year career as an attorney. In May 2011, they addressed the President's Blue Ribbon Commission on America's Nuclear Future. They can be reached at thoriumsilverbullet@gmail.com.
Tags: Fukushima
ENGLEWOOD—There is a good chance Brock will be back.
Two player sources told 9News the Denver Broncos will zero in on making Brock Osweiler their backup quarterback once they officially become available.
The Broncos waived preseason darling Kyle Sloter on Saturday as the team was trimming its roster to 53 players by the 2 p.m. deadline.
Osweiler was a Broncos' second-round draft pick in 2012 and was a rookie in offensive coordinator Mike McCoy's system. McCoy then left to become head coach of the San Diego Chargers for four years, then returned to take their offensive coordinator's job back with the Broncos this year.
Osweiler sat three years behind Peyton Manning before finally getting their chance in 2015 when Manning missed six games and half of a seventh with a heel injury.
Osweiler went 5-2 as a starter for the Broncos down the stretch but was benched in favor of Manning in the second half of the regular-season finale against McCoy's Chargers.
The Broncos rallied behind Manning to beat the Chargers and earn a No. 1 AFC playoff seed. Manning then guided the Broncos through the postseason and to the Super Bowl 50 title.
Sign up for the 9NEWSLETTER Thank You Something went wrong. This email will be delivered to your inbox once a day in the morning. Thank You for signing up for the 9NEWSLETTER Please try again later.
Submit
When that season ended, Osweiler became a free agent and spurned the Broncos' attempt to re-sign him, opting instead to take a four-year, $72 million contract with the Houston Texans.
After one difficult season, the Texans traded Osweiler and their contract to the Cleveland Browns in exchange for a second-round draft pick. The Browns just released Osweiler even though they had to pay them their $16 million guaranteed salary this year.
Perhaps the Broncos can provide the Browns with a $775,000 minimum salary offset. Osweiler has yet to hit the transaction wire but when they do, the Broncos are expected to pounce.
The Broncos need a veteran backup because second-year quarterback Paxton Lynch, the team's first-round draft pick last year, suffered an injury to their right throwing shoulder in a preseason game last week against the Green Bay Packers.
Lynch is expected to miss between two to four games – but maybe more should the Broncos reel in Osweiler. Despite Sloter's impressive preseason as an undrafted rookie from Northern Colorado, the Broncos decided they needed a quarterback with NFL experience to back up Trevor Siemian, who beat out Lynch for the starting job during training camp and the preseason.
The Broncos do hope Sloter clears waivers and returns to their practice squad, where they can continue to develop.
Siemian and Osweiler were in the same quarterback room with Manning in 2015. When Manning went down, Osweiler was backed up by the rookie Siemian.
It now appears the roles will reverse. Give credit to Broncos' general manager John Elway for upgrading their quarterback position. Osweiler's familiarity with McCoy's offense, and with Siemian, is a move that only makes sense.
Copyright 2017 KUSA
Image caption There have been concerns over surveillance programmes in the US
Leading global technology firms have called for "wide-scale changes" to US government surveillance.
Eight firms, Google, Apple, Facebook, Twitter, AOL, Microsoft, LinkedIn, and Yahoo, have formed an alliance called Reform Government Surveillance group.
The group has written a letter to the US President and Congress arguing that current surveillance practice "undermines the freedom" of people.
It comes after recent leaks detailed the extent of surveillance programmes.
"We understand that governments have a duty to protect their citizens. But this summer's revelations highlighted the urgent need to reform government surveillance practices worldwide," the group said in an open letter published on its website.
"The balance in many countries has tipped too far in favour of the state and away from the rights of the individual - rights that are enshrined in our Constitution.
Analysis The fact that eight technology giants which are normally bitter rivals have united to condemn the extent of government surveillance shows just how strongly they feel. In part, this reflects the libertarian thinking that permeates Silicon Valley - but there's also a commercial aspect to their concerns. Around the world, consumers and governments have begun to question how safe it is to use American technology products, and in the words of Microsoft's signatory to the letter "People won't use technology they don't trust." The companies have prided themselves on the security of their customers' data. Now they have had to concede that governments have wide access to that data - and they are vowing to use strong encryption to repair the holes in their defences. But don't expect the intelligence agencies to sit back and do nothing - the scene is set for continuing conflict between the spies and Silicon Valley over control of the internet.
"This undermines the freedoms we all cherish. It's time for a change," it added.
Limited surveillance
The move by the eight firms comes after whistle-blower Edward Snowden leaked information about surveillance carried out by the US government.
Mr Snowden, an ex-US intelligence contractor, leaked documents to the media highlighting the various methods used by agencies to gather information.
The leaks have pointed to agencies collecting phone records, tapping fibre-optic cables that carry global communications and hacking networks.
Members of the group said the revelations indicated that the extent of surveillance needed to be controlled.
"Reports about government surveillance have shown there is a real need for greater disclosure and new limits on how governments collect information," said Mark Zuckerberg, chief executive of Facebook, the world's biggest social networking firm.
"The US government should take this opportunity to lead this reform effort and make things right."
'Essential'
The scandal first came to light in June this year after the UK's Guardian newspaper published the first leaks by Mr Snowden.
Since then, there have been concerns over how much user data firms have been asked to share with the agencies.
In an attempt to allay such fears over data security, companies have called for permission to publish details of data requests.
"Governments should allow companies to publish the number and nature of government demands for user information," they state.
"In addition, governments should also promptly disclose this data publicly."
Apple, Microsoft, Yahoo, Google and Facebook have all confirmed they have complied with orders to hand over data relating to "national security matters" to the US authorities, but have been forbidden from saying exactly how many requests they had received or details about their scope.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Google: Government surveillance could 'hit economy'
Larry Page, chief executive of Google, said that security of users data was "critical" for firms, but added that the same had been "undermined by the apparent wholesale collection of data, in secret and without independent oversight, by many governments around the world".
The group called upon the government to give companies the rights to provide details of any such future data requests to their users,
"Transparency is essential to a debate over governments' surveillance powers and the scope of programs that are administered under those powers," it said.
"Governments should allow companies to publish the number and nature of government demands for user information. In addition, governments should also promptly disclose this data publicly".
How could a candidate who wins the popular vote in a primary or caucus receive fewer delegates than the runner-up? John Oliver asked that question while slamming the system on Sunday's Last Week Tonight.
Summing up presidential primaries and caucuses as the “electoral foreplay we've been engaging in since February, which will culminate in the mass balloon ejaculations of this summer's conventions,” Oliver noted Bernie Sanders' controversial contest with fellow Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton in Wyoming. There, Sanders scored 56 percent of the vote, but received seven delegates while Clinton netted 11.
“And it is not just the Democrats,” Oliver said. “When Donald Trump won Louisiana, beating Ted Cruz by more than three percent, they were upset to discover that Cruz could potentially get as many as 10 more delegates.”
After showing a clip of Trump complaining about losing delegates to “this guy that got their ass kicked,” Oliver explained why they actually agree with Trump on this point. “The thing is, I get why he's annoyed,” the host said. “And there's no clearer piece of evidence that our system is broken — no more thoroughly dead canary in the coal mine — than when Donald Trump is actually making sense.”
That's when Oliver really laid into the election process, calling it “an erratic clusterf— every four years.” And while noting that Clinton has actually won the popular vote this election cycle, they fault party leaders for their ability to ultimately reward more delegates to a candidate who loses the popular vote. Have no fear, though — Oliver has a solution.
“Unfortunately, we only get angry about the primary process during the primary process, when it's impacting the candidate we care about, but the middle of the game is the worst possible time to change the rules,” Oliver said, prefacing their idea. “So if everyone is as angry as they say they are right now, let's together pick a date early next year to actually write an email to the chair of each party and remind them politely to fix this. I propose February 2. Now, that will be easy to remember because it's Groundhog Day, which does seem appropriate. Because unless this primary process is fixed, we are all destined to live through the same nightmare scenario over and over again, until the end of f—ing time.”
Watch their full remarks below.
Banning Cash: Serfdom in Our Time
Over the last few months a stream of articles has crossed my screen, all proclaiming the need of governments and banks to eliminate cash. I'm sure you've noticed them too.
It is terrorists and other assorted madmen, we are told, who use cash. And so, to protect us from being blown up and dismembered on our very own street corners, governments will have to ban it.
It would actually take some effort to imagine a more obvious, naked attempt at fearmongering. Cash – in daily use for centuries if not millennia – is now, suddenly, the agent of spring-loaded, instant death? And we're supposed to just accept that line?
But there are good reasons why the insiders are promoting these stories now. The first of them, perhaps, is simply that they can: After 9/11, a massive wave of compliance surged through the West. It may not last forever, but it's still rolling, and if the entertainment corporations can pump enough fear into minds that want to believe, they may just get them to buy it.
The second reason, however, is the real driver:
Negative Interest Rates
The urgency of their move to ban one of the longest-lasting pillars of daily life means that the backroom elites think it will be necessary soon. It would appear that the central banks, the IMF, the World Bank, the BIS, and all their backers, see the elimination of cash as a central survival strategy.
The reason is simple: cash would allow people to escape from the one thing that could save their larcenous currency system: negative interest rates.
To make this clear, I like to paraphrase a famous (and good) quote from Alan Greenspan, back from 1966, during their Ayn Randian days: The financial policy of the welfare state requires that there be no way for the owners of wealth to protect themselves.
That was a true statement, and with a slight modification, it succinctly explains the new war on cash:
The preservation of an insolvent currency system requires that the owners of currency have no way to protect it.
Cash is currency that you hold in your own hands, that stands more or less alone. It is primarily external to bank control. Electronic money – bank balances, credit, etc. – remains inside the banking system and fully subject to bank control.
A combination of no cash and negative interest rates would be a quiet, permanent version of what was done in Cyprus, where the government simply shut down everything, allowed only the smallest deductions via ATMs, and then stole money from thousands of bank accounts at once.
The Cypriot spectacle was fairly large, however, and that tends to undermine the legitimacy of rulership. So, it is much better to have no ATMs and no cash at all. There would be no lines of angry people talking to each other, only isolated losers with no recourse, licking their wounds while the talking heads on television tell them to stay calm and watch the flashing images.
Negative interest rates would give the banks 100% control over your purchases. They could, even in the worst pinch, allow you to purchase food while freezing the rest of your money. The average person would have no recourse and would simply be robbed… but very smoothly and with no human face to blame on.
Negative interest rates mean that your bank account shrinks day by day, automatically. Your $1000 in January becomes $950 by December. And where does that money go? To the banks, of course, and to the government. They syphon your money away, drip by drip, and there's nothing you can do about it. This accomplishes several things for them at once:
It finances government, limitlessly and automatically. Forget tax filings; they can just take as they please.
It pays off the bad debt of the big banks. (And there are oceans of debt.)
It forces you to spend everything you've got, as soon as you get it. (Otherwise it will shrink.)
It gives the system full control over your financial life. Everything is monitored, everything is tracked, and every single transaction must be approved by them (or not). If they decide they don't like you, you're instantly reduced to begging.
In short, this is a direct return to serfdom.
I suggest that you start talking to your friends and neighbors about this now, before it's too late. Don't let them comply without a fight.
Paul Rosenberg
www.freemansperspective.com
Andrew Anglin
Daily Stormer
September 13, 2016
I just want you guys to understand something here.
This is on HillaryClinton.com:
Written by someone named “Elizabeth Chan,” the article is entitled “ Written by someone named “Elizabeth Chan,” the article is entitled “ Donald Trump, Pepe the frog, and white supremacists: an explainer ,” and carries the subheading “That cartoon frog is more sinister than you might realize.”
It's the first result on Google today when you type “trump.”
This was all part of our plan. They have fallen into the trap. Even while I have repeatedly stated publicly “HEY YO JEWS IMA PUT A TRAP FOR YOU HERE LOL.”
They are announcing that a cartoon frog is the symbol of White Supremacy. Everywhere, they are talking about this. Hillary is probably going to give a speech about the frog threat.
The plan from the beginning was that if you associate hardcore Nazism with non-threatening, ridiculous imagery and humor, hardcore Nazism becomes non-threatening. Because it isn't threatening to begin with. It's actually the epitome of reasonableness, for Whites to want control of their own countries, to remove non-White parasites and to put an end to Jewish subversion of our systems.
The only reason that Neo-Nazi White Supremacy ever seemed threatening is that it was attached to threaten imagery. The Jews attached this through a psy-war.
They use the image of pure evil Nazis as a club to beat you into silence whenever you mention the idea that Whites have a right to exist.
They have equated all forms of White identity with the Jewish Holocaust, as produced by Jewish Hollywood.
If you can strip the idea of the associated imagery, the idea is then neutral again, and you can discuss it based on its merits.
So whereas they used to say “no, sorry, we can't discuss Whites having a right to exist, because if we discuss it, Neo-Nazi White Supremacists will immediately start gassing the Jews in fake showers” and everyone would have to just shut up and submit to systematic ethnic cleansing through mass non-White immigration, now when they say this the response is going to be “wtf is Neo-Nazi White Supremacists? You mean those frog people who spam the Japanese cartoons? They seem pretty harmless to me, tbh. Srsly, just look at this frog. But srsly tho, fake shower death chambers and frogs aside, what the hell are all these people doing in my country? They're messing everything up and I don't like it. How about we physically remove them so everything is all chilled-out like it was before?”
The psychological barrier of Holocaust imagery is broken down. The open discussion then begins.
Alex Jones talks about an “Infowar.” But the information itself is largely irrelevant. Most people don't really care much about information. What matters is feelings. And the feelings come from images tied to words and terms. It's a Pavlovian situation.
It is clear that no matter how hard you try, they aren't going to stop calling you “Neo-Nazi White Supremacists.”
It's a losing battle to try and say “I'm not a Neo-Nazi White Supremacist,” and you also just end up looking weak, like you're back-tracking and apologizing. For decades people did this “nononononoonono I'm not a White supremacist, I'm a White nationalist/White separatist, I don't hate and think all cultures are equal,” and they not only failed to sway the Jewish media, but failed to sway the people.
Bad situation.
My idea was to associate their term “Neo-Nazi White Supremacy” with cartoons and outrageous humor, which is why I started telling Jewish journalists that I identify as a “Neo-Nazi White Supremacist.”
It's all come together so beautifully. They are doing our work for us.
Now, the media is actually beginning to back down from the term “Neo-Nazi White Supremacist” because it sounds so ridiculous.
The other part of the plan is to continue to associate “human rights democracy” with oppression, abuse and being forced to do things against your will. That is also going swimmingly. Again, they are doing our work for us by continually claiming that the masses are against democracy, which is contradiction in terms, as they've previously defined the concept of democracy as “the will of the masses.”
So, make sure whenever you are talking about the system, to use the terms “human rights” and “democracy” as negative. It will catch on like Pepe caught on, and they will be left scrambling to find a new term for their own system. They're already effectively destroying it themselves, as the terms are now so closely associated with having immigrants forced down your throat, so we just need to intensify that.
BONUS!
More fun with Google today – an image search for “basket of deplorables” brings up a bunch of t-shirts people are selling.
I want in on that t-shirt money, fam.
Senator Bernie Sanders is getting traction nationwide on their progressive paradigm changing message. And here in Oregon it's no exception. But they face the daunting post Citizens United task of facing the well funded and broadly supported Clinton campaign for the Democratic nomination.
But while Clinton is the prohibitive favorite to get the Democratic nomination, if the Sanders supporters want to change their candidacy into a movement, they can start here in Oregon. Here, the stars have aligned to get Bernie on the Oregon general election ballot in November where they would face Clinton and the GOP candidate (Bush/Walker/?).
How and why would Oregon progressives do this?
How:
The Independent Party of Oregon is now a major party. For the Bernie in November plan to work it must maintain it's major party status. Because as a major party its nomination now carries some gravitas. And the fact is, Bernie is an independent. He's not a Democrat. The IPO's party status will be determined on August 16th, If it loses about 200 members (It has almost 110,000 now), it won't be a major party and the plan fails. So, building the IPO membership is step one to the plan.
Once the IPO is certified as a major party, it has an election line on the May primary. If by May Bernie is still in the race for the Democratic nomination, then Bernie supporters all need to re-register as Democrats by April 20th, 2016 so they can vote in the Democratic primary. However, if Bernie is no longer actively campaigning, or has by then lost hope of winning the Democratic nomination, then the Bernie Supporters should keep their IPO registration, and write Bernie in as the IPO presidential nominee.
That puts Bernie on Oregon's ballot in November, where they would face Clinton and the GOP nominee.
Why?
Keeping the IPO nomination an option means that Bernie has two ways to get on Oregon's ballot. Wining the Democratic nomination, or getting the write-in for the Independent nomination. But they will be on the November general election ballot.
If you assume that Bernie will not beat the odds and beat Clinton for the nomination, then what benefit is it to have Bernie on the November ballot? In business it's called proof of concept. If you have a product that you think will succeed, you first market in a test market. Showing that the products popularity and market potential. Then you can roll it out nationwide. If Bernie can beat, or show well, against the Democratic and Republican Wall Street nominees, then it will prove the concept that much of Bernie's message about money in politics, crony capitalism, an effective government resonates across a broad spectrum of voters. And that democracy reform is an important issue in America today.
And, Oregon is a perfect crucible. It has very progressive and very conservative voters. It has urban and rural geography. And, importantly, it has been irrelevant in the presidential race for decades. Whether the Democratic candidate again wins Oregon, or loses, is pretty unimportant. And, even if Bernie were to win, that would mean that Oregon's electoral delegates could still vote for Clinton in the electoral college. And, if the 2016 presidential race were close, then Bernies voters have until November, 2016 to decide that its more important to back Clinton.
But, setting up the board right now for the possibility of Bernie being on the Oregon Ballot in November as an Independent candidate has no downside.
If you want to preserve the power to put Bernie on Oregons general election ballot in 2016 for President, the first step is to join the Independent Party of Oregon before August 15th. It's easy to do online, and you can change your registration back to your current status after August 17th. There's an ONLINE SITE to change registration. It takes two minutes.
Change Now for Change Later.
Enda Kenny is set to face fierce criticism from Fine Gael TDs today over their refusal to release two reports on the general election.
The criticism will come at the party's pre-Dáil think-in in Kildare.
The two-day think-in in Newbridge is officially on the subject of "using economic progress to improve people's lives".
And the formal run-up to the Budget - which will be delivered four weeks from tomorrow - will be the dominant theme across four formal sessions.
But the previous mantra of 'keep the recovery going' is also likely to be the source of some frustration.
The party has commissioned two separate reports into its general election campaign which ran under that slogan.
But instead of being presented with those reports today, TDs and Senators will instead only be given a summary of the findings.
One cabinet minister said over the weekend the Taoiseach was being a 'control freak' over the reports - and their own future is also likely to be discussed, at least informally.
Mario's restaurant in Detroit routinely ignores complaints about blocking new bike lanes in the Cass Corridor, using the lanes for valet parking.
When I politely asked parking attendants to stop blocking the bike lanes on Second Avenue last year, they tried breaking the windows of my car.
“Get of here, you faggot ass bitch!” one of the attendants yelled as they punched a passenger-side window.
They've harassed me since.
On Saturday afternoon, I took out my cell phone camera after the parking attendants started trouble once again. Then a waiter became involved and exclaimed to me, “I'll kick your fucking head in.”
When I called the restaurant, they told me to come in. But as I walked toward the restaurant, a parking attendant rushed towards me and began yelling within a few inches of my face.
So I continued walking and haven't heard from Mario's since.
The bike lanes continue to be blocked for valet parking, creating a hazard for bicyclists.
French director Jean-Stephane Sauvaire traveled to Thailand to tell the real-life story of a British convict turned Muay Thai champion who honed their skills behind bars.
When French director Jean-Stephane Sauvaire met Joe Cole, they knew he'd found the right man to star in their drama A Prayer Before Dawn, based on the true story of Billy Moore, who spent two years in a Thai prison, where they became a Muay Thai boxing champion in order to survive.
"He had the violence I needed for playing this guy, but they also have the kind of sensibility which was important for this character," says Sauvaire of British actor Cole, who has managed to stand out in impressive ensembles like the BBC period drama Peaky Blinders and Jeremy Sulnier's horror-thriller Green Room. "Billy has two sides — the violent and dark side and also the vulnerable."
A Prayer Before Dawn, debuting May 19 in the Midnight section in Cannes (and to be released by A24 in the U.S.), is based on Moore's book about their time in one of Thailand's most brutal prisons, Klong Prem, aka the notorious "Bangkok Hilton."
Cole met with Moore before taking on the role, spending time with them in Moore's hometown of Liverpool and meeting their family. "He's a fascinating guy," says Cole. "He's an addict. He's clean now, but, as they say, once an addict, always an addict. He's a great guy. He's a lot more complex than you might think on the surface."
Cole trained for several months to learn Muay Thai techniques, working with champions of the sport, some of whom had themselves learned to box in prison. "They put me in these grassroots-style training camps that didn't have the luxuries of, say, an Equinox. It was a little more rough and ready," says Cole, who stuck to a diet of mostly Thai food and a lot of protein.
Other than Cole and Thai actor Vithaya Pansringarm (recently seen in Nicolas Winding Refn's Only God Forgives), the cast is made up of non-actors. Ahead of shooting, Sauvaire spent one year in Thailand to cast the project, hiring gang members, former prisoners (including several transsexual prostitutes, who are often incarcerated) and boxers. They directed them via a translator.
"It was frustrating sometimes but ... it was the reality of what Billy went through,” says Sauvaire, whose 2008 film Johnny Mad Dog, about child soldiers in Africa, won Cannes' Un Certain Regard of Hope award. "Nobody was talking English to him. That's why the experience was so strong for Billy. They had to speak with their bodies, find a way to communicate."
Cole says it was a "cathartic experience" for many of the former prisoners to once again be behind bars, but this time for a film. "Jean-Stepane created a world where they guys were allowed to express some of their negative aspects of their lives but in a positive way," they say. "For me, it felt like the relationships in the film were more real, everything had a little more authenticity to it."
Moore was scheduled to fly to Thailand (the project was filmed in an abandoned prison) for the shoot, but when they arrived at the airport, they found out that they were banned from the country because of their prison sentence. They went to the Philippines for the shoot's final days and has a cameo. Sauvaire has shown Moore dailies from the shoot, but the first time he'll see the final product will be in Cannes.
"Billy knows how hard I worked on it. They know how hard Jean-Stephane worked on it," says Cole. "I think Billy will be very happy."
Adds Cole with a laugh: "But if they don't like it, then we'll have to get in the ring, won't we?"
The Flyers will play an eight-game preseason slate this year, doing so entirely against the New York Islanders, the New York Rangers and the Boston Bruins. The preseason will begin with a visit to the Islanders on Sunday, September 17 and will continue three days later when the Flyers and Islanders split their squad for a pair of contests. One game will take place at Barclays Center in Brooklyn, while the other is set for PPL Center in Allentown, the home of the Flyers' AHL affiliate, the Lehigh Valley Phantoms. It marks the third consecutive preseason that the Flyers are making a visit to the Lehigh Valley.
The Flyers will then start a pair of home-and-home contests with Boston and the Rangers. They'll visit TD Garden on Thursday, September 21 and then head to Madison Square Garden on Monday, September 25.
The Flyers will conclude the preseason with three home games, first welcoming in the Rangers to the Wells Fargo Center on Tuesday, September 26. Boston will come to town on Thursday, September 28. The Islanders will come to Philadelphia to wrap up the preseason on Sunday, October 1.
Calling EPA: Heat Exchange Can Make Clothes Dryers Efficient
October 10th, 2009 by Susan Kraemer
You knew you keep a fire in a box in your laundry room, right? Not only is that kind of scary thought, but it's an extremely inefficient way to dry clothes; lighting a fire every time you turn on the clothes dryer. Lint catches fire all the time. But even worse, that natural gas emits carbon dioxide and is likely the second most extravagant energy expenditure in your home after the fridge.
[social_buttons]
We can do something about the fridge by buying an Energy Star rated efficient one, but until now, inexplicably, clothes dryers have not been rated under the Energy Star program.
You have to wonder why there has been so little move to improve energy efficiency in the second biggest energy guzzler in most homes…in a nation that uses 25% of the world's energy.
Here's a company that can make a (clothes) dryer 50% more efficient with a heat exchanger. Hydromatic. So why has their idea not been incorporated into clothes dryers?
A heat exchange system is an obvious energy efficiency improvement for those of us who'd like to reduce our clothes drying energy use, but just can't get out to a clothesline.
This idea gets the clothes dryer into the same energy efficient camp as other appliances. The DryerMiser is a simple heat exchange device that reduces the clothes dryer's energy consumption up to 50 percent and cuts drying time by up to 41 percent.
Hydromatic is attempting to sell the DryerMiser as a separate “aftermarket kit” that would replace the heating element in traditional clothes dryers, but that is an awkward way to market a radical concept like this. This needs to be an intrinsic element built-in to clothes dryers.
The company says that discussions have been underway with major appliance manufacturers to offer the technology as original equipment in new dryers…since January of 2008!
The EPA should just start rating clothes dryers under Energy Star, even though there's not a dimes worth of difference between them now. This would give the major appliance manufacturers the push that they need to incorporate ideas like this heat exchange system into the simple fire-in-a-box concept that we are currently stuck with.
Image: Hydromatic
Source: Dryermiser
Following six wins in a row, Demian Maia seemed like the logical next contender in line to challenge welterweight champion Tyron Woodley but instead they were matched up with Jorge Masvidal in a fight at UFC 211 in Dallas.
Maia likely missed out on a title shot earlier this year due to Woodley and Stephen “Wonderboy” Thompson fighting to a draw last year, which then resulted in a rematch that took place in March.
Even some of Maia's past opponents believe he's getting the short end of the stick when it comes to their difficult path to title contention.
Article continues below ...
One of those names is top 10 ranked welterweight Gunnar Nelson, who hopes to one day earn a rematch with Maia after falling to them in 2015, but they believe the submission specialist should already be in line for a shot at the gold rather than staring down the barrel at a very tough matchup against Masvidal in May.
“I do believe Demian Maia deserves the title shot and I don't think they should even need to fight [Jorge] Masvidal and beat them to decide that,” Nelson told FOX Sports recently. “I think they deserve that already.
“My hopes would be they win the title and I challenge them for the title for the rematch.”
Josh Hedges/Zuffa LLC/Zuffa LLC via Getty Images
Maia presents difficulty for virtually every opponent they face because they possess one of the most dangerous submission arsenals in the sport.
A multi-time grappling champion, Maia has mauled just about every opponent he's faced in recent memory with submission wins in three out of their last four fights.
Maia's ground game is the ultimate equalizer and it's the reason why Nelson believes they could be the person to dethrone Woodley assuming they finally get their opportunity to compete for the title.
“I do [like Maia's chances],” Nelson said about a matchup with Woodley. “Of course everything can happen and Tyron is a very powerful guy. They could possibly knock Demian Maia out. You wouldn't see much danger on the feet for Woodley but on the ground there's a lot of danger.
“It's a question if they can manage to get them on the ground. I think they will.”
Nelson's argument for Maia against Woodley doesn't come without merit because they explain the path to victory for the Brazilian jiu-jitsu specialist should they get the chance to face the champion in the near future.
“Tyron is a small, stocky guy and sometimes they struggle with single leg [takedown] defense,” Nelson explained. “It's just the way their body is. A lot of times it's the easiest way to take those guys down with a single leg.
“Demian Maia's single leg is pretty good.”
The UFC hasn't guaranteed Maia will earn a title shot even with a win over Masvidal in May. Meanwhile, Woodley posted on social media on Monday that he's starting their next training camp, which means the welterweight champion should have a new fight announcement coming soon.
In an interesting bit of geotagging, the University of East Anglia's Climatic Research Unit has placed its global temperature data on Google Maps. The data set, called CRUTEM4, tracks how the temperatures at the Earth's surface have changed over the last century or so (ocean data is handled by a different project and is not included here). By adding geographic data, it's possible to get a sense of how different regions are responding to our changing climate and where we still lack solid data.
CRUTEM4 calculates what's called a global mean land surface temperature. To do so, it divides the Earth's land areas into equally sized grid squares. Using temperature data from monitoring equipment in each grid cell, an average temperature for the cell is calculated; these temperatures are then averaged across the globe to give a global mean temperature.
These grid cells are displayed in red and green on Google Earth (the color has nothing to do with the temperature trend in the cell). By clicking any one of them, you can bring up a history of the temperatures within that cell. The map also makes it clear that there are lots of areas in the globe with sparse coverage. Antarctica and Greenland only have some scattered readings along its coast; Siberia, the Amazon, and Sahara all lack readings from some spots in their interiors.
For the most part, the individual grid squares roughly parallel the global temperature trends. There are a few exceptions, though, such as a number of sites in the North Atlantic that have relatively short temperature records.
It's possible to download a file that will let you peruse the same data in Google Earth; the CRU has posted instructions for how to do so.
Ahhhhh I'm so stoked about this gift. I wonder if the redditor knew just how absolutely nuts we are about Bostons at my house. Seriously...watch for my girlfriend and I on "My Crazy Obsession" some day. The gift caught me by complete surprise as lately all I've been redditing/talking about is watches. I was so giddy and surprised though when I opened the Amazon package and saw "Boston-opoly".
Regular Monopoly no longer has a place in this household, all guests wishing to play it will instead be subjected to Boston-opoly. I told my gf I wanted to cover the table with all our random statues, trinkets, and what not of B-Terrors. They said it was too much. But please know that this now takes it place among a lot of other Boston items around the house.
P.S. It doesn't show well in the pictures but the beer is a "Boston Brown Ale" made by us and featuring our adorable Bostons on the label. I mentioned we're obsessed didn't I?
You're not going to find it in the next car you drive off the lot, but a Ford engineer has developed a fairly novel approach to making a manual transmission a bit easier to adjust to: a vibrating shifter knob. As they explain in the video after the break, Zach Nelson first turned to an Xbox 360 controller for the necessary vibrating mechanism, which they then stuffed into a 3D-printed knob along with an Arduino controller and an LED display.
When fully assembled, the knob is able to communicate with the vehicle's on-board diagnostic system using Ford's open source OpenXC software platform, and vibrate to let you know when you need to shift gears. As Wired notes, the knob can even be used by more experienced drivers to pinpoint exactly when to shift to get either the most performance or the best fuel economy. We also expect a booming business in custom shifter designs to start any minute now.
WASHINGTON -- As Jews all over the world marked the start of Yom Kippur, the Day of Atonement, on Friday, uncertainty loomed over both the U.S. and Israel as to what role the United States, Russia, and the international community would play in resolving the brutal civil war in Syria.
On Tuesday night, President Obama made the case to the American public that Congress should authorize airstrikes against Syrian President Bashar Assad's military, in response to Assad's alleged use of chemical weapons. But as Obama was honing their argument Monday, Russia came forward with a surprise proposal whereby Assad would surrender their vast stockpile of non-conventional weapons, and by doing so, avert a U.S.-led military intervention.
The outlines of the plan were welcomed by the international community, and on Friday night Secretary of State John Kerry remained in Geneva, where they and their Russian counterpart were working to hammer out the specifics of a plan to secure, and destroy, Assad's chemical arsenal.
On Capitol Hill, however, America's leading pro-Israel lobbying group, the American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC), was making a different set of calculations.
Beginning Monday, the advocacy group had dispatched more than 200 activists to Washington, where they urged members of Congress to pass resolutions in both the House and the Senate authorizing the airstrikes on Syria. According to an AIPAC official who spoke to The Times of Israel, the group's representatives secured more than 300 meetings, which the official described as "cordial" and "challenging." A spokesperson for AIPAC declined to comment for this story.
But practically as soon as it began, AIPAC's widely publicized push for the authorization vote in Congress drew criticism from the same country it aims to support -- Israel. "In case you were wondering, AIPAC is not Israel" blared the headline of an editorial Monday in the prominent Israeli newspaper Haaretz. AIPAC "is not authorized to express Israeli policy," the editorial said. "Israelis and Israeli decision-makers should give up any pretense of intervening" in American military decisions.
Shalom Yerushalmi, a senior political columnist at Maariv, another Israeli newspaper, was more critical, writing the same day as the Haaretz editorial that AIPAC is "harming Israeli interests," and that Israel should tell AIPAC to "stay out of this." And the Jerusalem Post warned that lobbying on Syria by U.S.-based groups with strong ties to Israel should "not be predicated in any way on whether the [military] action against Syria is 'good' or 'bad' for Israel."
Even AIPAC seemed to distance itself from the question of what was good for Israel. Its decision to push for the Syria strike authorization vote "was assessed solely in terms of U.S. interests," said the AIPAC official who spoke to The Jerusalem Times. “We believe deeply that it is in the U.S.'s interest to act."
What made it all the more unusual was that for weeks before the Russia offer, Kerry had been arguing on Capitol Hill that it was Israel, along with other U.S. allies in the Middle East, that would be in harm's way if the U.S. failed to strike Syria.
"I can make it crystal clear to you that Israel will be less safe unless the United States takes this action," Kerry told Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) during a Senate hearing on Sept. 3.
So why wasn't AIPAC whistling the same tune as the administration?
Even as AIPAC's activists blanketed the hill, the group's signature bare-knuckle political pressure seemed to be lacking, a senior Senate aide told The Huffington Post's Howard Fineman. "Believe me, I have been around here when AIPAC was really putting the pressure on, and this isn't one of those times," the staffer said. According to numerous Senate staff members who spoke to Fineman, the overall impression was that AIPAC was lobbying on the Syria vote more out of a sense of duty to the administration than out of pure self-interest.
Alan Elsner, vice president of communications for the pro-Israel group J Street, said the proposals in Congress were never about protecting Israelis from Assad. "Most Israelis believe their government and the Israeli Defense Force (IDF) can handle any sort of chemical threat coming from Syria," Elsner said. They cited Israel's long record of taking unilateral action when it has percieved a genuine threat -- most notably in 2007, when Israeli forces bombed a suspected nuclear facility in Syria.
The Syria vote in Congress, Elsner said, was important mainly because it would influence how other countries viewed American military resolve. If Congress were to deny an American president the authorization they sought, America's standing in the world might have suffered. "Anything that weakens the United States in the eyes of the world would weaken Israel," Elsner said. "But that's very different from imminent danger."
Imminent danger was an apt term for the state of the House and Senate military authorization bills, which faced broad bipartisan opposition and rock-bottom public support from day one. The Russian proposal first reported on Monday picked up steam over the next 48 hours, and it offered Obama and legislators the perfect opportunity to shelve the ailing Syria legislation -- at least for the time being. For AIPAC, the authorization's champion, anything short of a "no" vote constituted a victory.
You can pull that National Anthem kneeling all you want outside the U.S. military that won't fly inside the armed services!
Janaye Ervin, U.S. Navy, wanted to serve their country which is why they signed up for the military. I've been there before and I served eight years and loved every minute.
I guess what many do not understand is signing up for the U.S. Military is compared to signing up for another country. It has it's own laws, rules, regulations and they have to be followed or you face serious circumstances.
Ervin decided to bring their Black Lives Matter attitude into an even where the American flag and National Anthem were on display. Instead of following the rules of the military they sat down. What happened next is what I call military justice.
From Blue Lives Matter :
Intelligence Specialist 2nd Class Janaye Ervin is a reservist on active duty with the Pacific Fleet in Pearl Harbor. On September 19th they were in uniform and refused to stand or salute the flag during the national anthem . This was no misunderstanding, they made their intentions perfectly clear on their Facebook page. Them Facebook page is now deleted, but on it they said: “I have been proudly serving in the US Navy Reserve Force since November 2008. I have pledged to support and defend the Constitution of the United States and to spread freedom and democracy around the world. I will never waver from that pledge. I feel like a hypocrite singing about the ‘land of the free' when I know that only applies to some Americans. I will gladly stand again, when ALL AMERICANS are afforded the same freedom .”
The U.S. Navy didn't take too kindly to one of their sailors trying to drag their national anthem and flag into their Black Lives Matter nonsense. Ervin has lost their security clearance because of their flag-hating attitude . The Navy also reportedly “threatened” them with jail time for violating the Navy Uniform Code of Military Justice, which states that they could be punished for disobeying a lawful general order. The Navy's protocol handbook states that all in uniform must salute during the anthem. They must also face the flag, or face the direction of the music if the flag is not visible . Rather than take responsibility for their mistake, Janaye Ervin has doubled-down and has reached out to the media to try to put political pressure on the Navy to allow them to continue to disrespect our country while serving the same role for the U.S.Navy. Janaye Ervin wrote, “The Navy has decided to punish me for defending the Constitution and has taken away my equipment I need to do my Naval job. It was my pleasure serving my country, I love it dearly, that is why I must do this for you. I will keep you all posted on what happens next!”
She's going to lose this in civilian court if it goes there because the military has its own courts that protect those laws Ervin decided to turn them back on. They could actually get jail time if the Navy wanted to really pursue it.
Failure to obey these rules could be charged as a violation of Article 92 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice — failure to obey a lawful general order or regulation. Now she's going to get a dishonorable discharge and they have only themselves to blame.
Help support conservative news and views by sharing this post on Facebook and Twitter.
Don't forget to follow the Wayne Dupree Show social media accounts on Facebook , Google Plus & Twitter .
Crimes by right-wing extremists jumped 16 percent to 20,422 last year, according to the yearly report published by Germany's Interior Ministry. It also concluded there were nearly 900 reports of injuries caused by right-wing violence in 2008, while the number of neo-Nazis rose to about 4,800.
"The number of neo-Nazis, and this is alarming, has risen again," Interior Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble announced during a press conference held to coincide with the report's release.
Violent incidents were the highest in eastern Germany, when population differences were taken into account. A separate survey carried out by the Friedrich Ebert Institute last year found that one in three people in former East Germany are openly prejudiced against foreigners.
Far-right party losing members
The NPD is losing members
The rise in neo-Nazis stood in contrast to a decrease in interest in the NPD, which has 7,000 members. Part of that drop could be explained by internal squabbles and financial problems that have plagued the party recently.
Yet some experts worry that while the NPD may be facing a financial crisis internally, the global financial crisis may be boosting support for the far right. There are fears that voters heading to the polls soon for various state elections will turn to the NPD if unemployment soars as a result of economic turmoil.
Politicians failed in a bid to have the country's Constitutional Court ban the party in 2003.
Terrorism remains a concern
Besides far-right extremism, the report found terrorism poses the other main threat to German security. Germany has become a target for Islamist terrorists due to its military involvement in Afghanistan.
Terrorists are a "real danger for security in Germany," the conservative minister said.
According to the report, there are 29 active "Islamist groups" in Germany with 34,700 members. It warns these groups are potential recruiting grounds for violent extremists.
th/dpa/AP
Editor: Nick Amies
(CBS)
CBS News and Knowledge Networks held a nationally representative poll of 547 people who watched President Obama give their address to Congress to gauge their reaction in the minutes after the president's speech.
Eighty percent of speech watchers approve of President Obama's plans for dealing with the economic crisis. Before the speech, 63 percent approved.
Fifty-one percent of speech watchers think the president's economic plans will help them personally. Thirty-six thought so before the speech.
Seventy-five percent of speech watchers now say they were able to get a good understanding of President Obama's economic plans, compared to 58 percent before the speech.
Seventy-four percent of speech watchers think President Obama's plans will make the economy better. Eleven percent think they will make them worse, while 15 percent think they will make no difference.
Eighty percent of speech watchers are optimistic about the next four years with Mr. Obama as president. Seventy-one percent said they were optimistic before the speech.
Seventy-six percent of speech watchers think Barack Obama's economic plans will help the housing crisis. Twenty-four percent think they will not.
See the full poll results here. (PDF)
This is a scientifically representative poll of speech watchers. The margin of sampling error could be plus or minus 4 percentage points for results based on the entire sample.
More CBSNews.com Coverage Of President Obama's Address To Congress:
This could get very interesting quickly. There has been some recurrent talk about a possible 2020 run by former Virginia Governor and long time Clinton ally Terry McAuliffe. But if a recently filed lawsuit gains any sort of traction, trouble may be coming for both families.
The Daily Caller picked up the story of a group of Chinese investors who are suing both McCauliffe and Tony Rodham, brother of Hillary, claiming that they were defrauded in an immigration scam involving a company McAuliffe founded nearly a decade ago. Chinese investors hoping to benefit from the EB-5 visa program dumped more than a half million dollars each into the firm with the expectation that there would be green cards available for them in short order. Now, with the company on the rocks and their immigration status in peril, they feel that they've been ripped off.
A group of Chinese investors is suing Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe and the brother of Hillary Clinton, saying they were defrauded of $17 million in a cash-for-green card “scam.” The investors filed suit in Fairfax Co., Va. circuit court last week, Politico first reported. The suit alleges that McAuliffe and Clinton's youngest brother, Anthony Rodham, “exploited” the 32 investors by promising to “leverage…political connections” to ensure that their visa applications “will get to the top of the pile, and then be approved.” The green cards were to be granted as part of the federal government's EB-5 visa program. The program grants legal immigration status to foreign nationals who invest at least $500,000 in American companies. Companies must meet certain criteria regarding job creation in order for their investors to qualify for immigration benefits.
It all has to do with GreenTech, which McAuliffe helped found in 2009. At the time they were quoted as saying, “If you have good green projects, there are billions of dollars that are looking for those projects.” They aren't kidding. Plenty of federal money flooded into GreenTech and many friendly arrangements were made with people looking to invest, raising plenty of questions about what favors were being done for whom.
How Hillary Clinton's brother got involved is a bit more complicated, but it happened early. Going back a couple of years, Politico was already looking at the connections between Rodham and McCauliffe involving Chinese investment firms in 2015. Rodham was apparently using their contacts to attract investors and making arrangements for them to get what they needed in return.
The lawsuit may or may not succeed on the merits, but it certainly highlights a couple of different problems. First of all, do we have any of these “special” immigration programs which allow certain favored individuals to get head of the line privileges that haven't wound up mired in scandals? Such deals provide a powerful incentive for people looking to get into the country, and when non-government actors are put in charge of making the arrangements it's an obvious temptation that opens the door to potential corruption.
Further, the entire green energy industry being heavily subsidized and financed with taxpayer money has led to nothing but problems. McAuliffe was right on the button when they identified the idea that starting up a green technology firm was a great way to attract huge piles of cash. And once again, where large sums of money accumulate, opportunistic individuals will never be far behind.
In the case of GreenTech, we saw both of those worlds intersecting. Chinese investors looking for green cards saw a way to pay the piper in a green technology firm, meeting the requirements to qualify for the program. Were they “ripped off” or is that just the way the capitalist cookie crumbles? The lawsuit may answer that question eventually.
has appeared in eight NFL games, but would like to stick with the Red Sox (Joe Robbins/Getty Images) Brandon Magee has appeared in eight NFL games, but would like to stick with the Red Sox (Joe Robbins/Getty Images)
The Cleveland Browns held one of their 'voluntary' workout programs on Monday afternoon, a workout that linebacker Brandon Magee chose not to attend.
In fairness, they do have a good excuse as Magee is currently participating in extended spring training with the Boston Red Sox.
Hoping to secure a spot in the organization, Magee will continue to play in the Sox's minor league system until the Browns first minicamp starts April 29. If Magee hasn't been awarded a roster spot on one of the Red Sox minor league affiliates (likely the Greenville Drive, a Single-A affiliate in South Carolina) by that time, they plan to focus on football moving forward.
The former Arizona State outfielder was drafted by Tampa Bay in 2008, by Oakland in 2011 and the Red Sox in 2012, despite not playing much on the Sun Devils' baseball team. They starred as a linebacker in the Pac 12 and signed as an undrafted free agent with the Dallas Cowboys in April 2013. After being cut by the Cowboys at the end of training camp, they landed in Cleveland, where they played in eight games on special teams last season. They suffered a torn pectoral muscle in December against the Jacksonville Jaguars and was forced to miss the remainder of the season.
2014 NFL draft: SI's top 64 prospects | Johnny Manziel at No. 1 in Mock Draft 3.0
Magee's foray comes in an offseason in which no less than the reigning Super Bowl-winning quarterback (Russell Wilson) also tried their hand at baseball, albeit for only a day. Taken in the Rule 5 draft by the Texas Rangers, Wilson spent a day at spring training with the team in March and said baseball is still very much in their blood.
The following statistics give an insight into our database of chess games and the people who use it.
Tell me some general statistics about the database. # of games in database: 898,574
Years covered: 1475 to 2019 (545 years)
All time controls (898,574 games)
White wins 339,274 games (37.76%)
Black wins 252,972 games (28.15%)
306,305 games are drawn (34.09%)
Only classical time controls (812,050 games)
White wins 303,760 games (37.41%)
Black wins 225,273 games (27.74%)
282,999 games are drawn (34.85%)
Only non-classical time controls (86,524 games)
White wins 35,514 games (41.05%)
Black wins 27,699 games (32.01%)
23,306 games are drawn (26.94%)
Average # of moves per game: 40.92
Average Elo rating of rated players: 2190 # of games with annotation: 2,427 (0.27%)
# of games with kibitzing: 143,707 (15.99%)
# of kibitzes in total: 4,252,377
# of registered users: 265,342
# of users registered in last 30 days: 2,719 (1.02%)
# of registered users seen in last 90 days: 20,419 (7.70%)
What are the highest Elo ratings achieved in the database?
Please note that these statistics are computed from the database; it may be incomplete, or contain errors. The displayed ratings refer to the highest rating ever achieved--not the current rating. Consult the FIDE Chess Ratings Page for official information.
What players have the most games in the database?
Which players most often make winning sacrifices?
A07 - King's Indian Attack (19,713) A04 - Reti Opening (14,202) D02 - Queen's Pawn Game (12,548) B06 - Robatsch (11,568) B22 - Sicilian, Alapin (10,716) B90 - Sicilian, Najdorf (10,686) A15 - English (10,122) A46 - Queen's Pawn Game (9,913) A45 - Queen's Pawn Game (9,505) B01 - Scandinavian (8,553) B32 - Sicilian (8,127) B12 - Caro-Kann Defense (7,978) B07 - Pirc (7,849) B30 - Sicilian (7,740) A00 - Uncommon Opening (7,456) C45 - Scotch Game (7,375) B40 - Sicilian (7,125) C42 - Petrov Defense (6,719) E11 - Bogo-Indian Defense (6,641) A13 - English (6,607)
What are the most common endings?
1. ♖♙♙♙ vs ♖♙♙ (14,831)
2. ♖♙♙♙♙ vs ♖♙♙♙ (13,436)
3. ♖♙♙ vs ♖♙ (13,262)
4. ♖♙♙♙ vs ♖♙♙♙ (8,492)
5. ♖♙♙♙♙ vs ♖♙♙♙♙ (8,288)
6. ♖♙♙ vs ♖♙♙ (6,979)
7. ♖♙ vs ♖ (5,569)
8. ♖♗♙♙♙ vs ♖♘♙♙♙ (4,592)
9. ♖♙♙♙ vs ♖♙ (4,560)
10. ♖♙♙ vs ♖ (4,246)
11. ♖♗♙♙♙ vs ♖♗♙♙ (4,214)
12. ♖♙♙♙♙ vs ♖♙♙ (3,931)
13. ♗♙♙♙♙ vs ♘♙♙♙♙ (3,909)
14. ♗♙♙♙♙ vs ♗♙♙♙ (3,820)
15. ♖♙ vs ♖♙ (3,581)
16. ♖♗♙♙♙ vs ♖♗♙♙♙ (3,335)
17. ♗♙♙♙ vs ♗♙♙ (3,204)
18. ♗♙♙♙ vs ♘♙♙♙ (3,159)
19. ♕♙♙♙♙ vs ♕♙♙♙ (2,871)
20. ♗♙♙♙♙ vs ♗♙♙♙♙ (2,824)
21. ♖♘♙♙♙ vs ♖♗♙♙ (2,570)
22. ♖♙♙♙♙♙ vs ♖♙♙♙ (2,477)
23. ♖♗♙♙♙ vs ♖♘♙♙ (2,443)
24. ♖♘♙♙♙ vs ♖♘♙♙ (2,395)
25. ♕♙♙♙ vs ♕♙♙ (2,260)
26. ♘♙♙♙♙ vs ♗♙♙♙ (2,166)
27. ♖♗♙♙ vs ♖♘♙♙ (2,161)
28. ♗♙♙♙♙ vs ♘♙♙♙ (2,131)
29. ♘♙♙♙ vs ♘♙♙ (2,105)
30. ♖♘♙♙♙ vs ♖♘♙♙♙ (2,061)
Which chessgames.com users have kibitzed the most?
Which pages on chessgames.com have the most kibitzing?
Which are the most popular games for Guess-the-Move?
What games are frequently found in our users' Game Collections?
RamZPaul is a cheerfully racist YouTuber who's big with the white supremacist crowd. And while they think so little of women that they don't believe they deserve the right to vote, they also seem to see themselves as a bit of a ladies man.
It was in the latter capacity that RamZ recently offered some advice to their man Donald J. Trump — because of course he's a Trump supporter — on how to seduce the women of America into voting for him.
As RamZ evidently sees it, the hatred so many women feel towards Trump isn't really hatred; it's attraction. All Trump needs to do now is to dial down the douchebag a bit and start building “comfort” with women so they'll feel safe enough to surrender to him.
You've got them on the hook, Mr. T! All you gotta do is reel them in for a Vote-Close.
I'll let RamZ explain:
So there you have it. The women of America want The Donald. They just don't know it yet.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Tumblr
Email
More
Google
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Pocket
Print
Like this: Like Loading...
By Jon Kamp
Two former Merck & Co. Inc. (MRK) employees have sued the company in federal court alleging Merck overstated the effectiveness of a mumps vaccine for which the U.S. government paid hundreds of millions of dollars.
Merck--which stressed that none of these allegations relate to the safety of its product--said the lawsuit is "completely without merit", and that it plans to "vigorously defend itself." The Whitehouse Station, N.J., drugmaker also noted that the U.S. Department of Justice has thus far declined to participate in the case after its own two-year probe.
Mumps is a contagious disease that causes symptoms like fever, headache and swollen salivary glands. It was a common illness for kids and young adults before childhood vaccinations became common decades ago, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, although there were outbreaks in 2006 and 2009. The agency says vaccines are the best way to prevent mumps.
Merck introduced the first vaccine 45 years ago, and since the 1970s it's been part of a combination product that also immunizes children against rubella and measles. According to the lawsuit--filed by former Merck virologists Stephen Krahling and Joan Wlochowski--the company allegedly defrauded the U.S. for more than a decade by hiding the fact the vaccine had become less effective.
As a result, the former employees say the government has long paid for a product that doesn't live up to Merck's claims. The lawsuit seeks a judgment against Merck equal to three times the damages suffered by the U.S., plus the maximum allowable award for the former employees under federal whistleblower laws.
The suit was first filed in 2010 in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. It was unsealed Thursday after the government declined to get involved in the case.
Merck confirmed Krahling and Wlochowski were former employees, but it said they haven't worked at the company for a decade.
"It's important to understand that none of the allegations in the complaint relate to the safety of M-M-R II"--the vaccine in question--"and we remain confident that M-M-R II helps protect against measles, mumps and rubella as described in the labeling for the vaccine," Merck said in a statement.
"M-M-R II continues to be recommended for routine administration to children by public health authorities around the world, including the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the U.S. Food and Drug Administration," the company said.
Merck doesn't specifically break out sales for the vaccine, but the company reported combined U.S. sales of $1.1 billion last year for that product and two other childhood vaccines. Merck shares recently traded up 1.9% to $40.19 and have risen 6.6% this year.
Write to Jon Kamp at jon.kamp@dowjones.com
“A high-stakes negotiation is taking place in Silicon Valley among some of the biggest names in the industry — Apple and Google among them — over accusations that they were involved in a collusion to prevent their employees from being hired at rival companies,” Andrew Ross Sorkin writes in the DealBook column. The employees have filed a class-action lawsuit contending that the illegal hiring practices cost them $9 billion in lost wages. The companies are hoping to settle the case in the next several weeks. The evidence against the firms appears to be one-sided and includes emails from Steve Jobs, the chief executive of Apple at the time, and Google's chief executive, Eric E. Schmidt. Some lawyers said that a company's blanket ban on hiring as part of a systemic strategy would be anticompetitive. Others argued that as long as there was not a reciprocal stated arrangement, companies had wide latitude about their hiring practices. Regardless, the executives involved at the highest levels of the no-hiring scheme appear to have known it was illegal, or at least in a gray area.
GUY HANDS'S GREEN THUMB | Guy Hands, who founded and runs the British private equity company Terra Firma, bought the music giant EMI in 2007. But they have had “much more success selling resin garden animals and bedroom slippers to retirees in garden centers across Britain,” Jenny Anderson writes in DealBook. Mr. Hands bought the Garden Centre Group in 2012 for 276 million pounds, or $459 million. The purchase of the Garden Centre has shown that Mr. Hands has a green thumb, at least for gardening investments. The company's earnings before taxes, depreciation and amortization were up 50 percent last year, to £42.7 million, or $70.8 million. Mr. Hands said that the Garden Centre gets back to Terra Firma's roots — buying asset-backed businesses in need of restructuring in essential industries. Ms. Anderson writes: “But Mr. Hands will need more than the sweet scent of roses to make up for the mess left over from EMI, the music company they bought at the top of the market for £4 billion ($6.3 billion) in the largest private equity deal ever done in Britain. The company, facing crushing amounts of debt, was seized by its lenders in 2011, erasing two-thirds of Mr. Hands's wealth and their reputation as one of Britain's savviest investors.”
SAC BECOMES POINT72 | “They've changed the sign. They've changed the email address. And presumably they will soon be giving out new fleece jackets at Point72 Asset Management, the new family office that will trade billions of dollars of Steven A. Cohen's money and is the legal successor to their once-mighty SAC Capital Advisors hedge fund,” Matthew Goldstein writes in DealBook. The retirement of the SAC name happened quietly over the weekend. The subdued changing of the guard to Point72 from SAC is probably a reflection of the fact that this is an important week for Mr. Cohen, as a federal judge will decide whether to accept or reject SAC's guilty plea to insider trading charges. The hearing on Thursday before Judge Laura Taylor Swain of the United States District Court in Manhattan may move Mr. Cohen one step closer to putting the federal government's nearly decade-long investigation of their firm behind him. “But whether Point72 will be able to replicate the kind of trading success that SAC generated over its 22-year history will depend a lot on whether the investigation of Mr. Cohen and their firm has really come to an end. Another significant arrest of a top trader who once worked for SAC could make it impossible for the Wall Street banks that continue to lend money to Point72 to continue those relationships,” Mr. Goldstein writes.
ON THE AGENDA | The Job Openings and Labor Turnover Survey comes out at 10 a.m. Narayana Kocherlakota, president of the Minneapolis Fed, gives a speech at 1:30 p.m. Charles I. Plosser, president of the Philadelphia Fed, speaks on prudential regulation at 2:45 p.m. in Philadelphia. Charles L. Evans, president of the Chicago Fed, sits on a panel at 4 p.m. to discuss fiscal policy. The House Committee on Financial Services holds a hearing at 10 a.m. entitled “Who's in Your Wallet: Examining How Washington Red Tape Impairs Economic Freedom.” The Senate Budget Committee holds a hearing at 10:30 a.m. to examine supporting broad-based economic growth and fiscal responsibility through a fairer tax code.
Their, and your, privacy might be at stake. So activists have figured out way to try and catch the attention of the members of congress responsible for reintroducing the Cyber Intelligence Security Protection Act (CISPA). Or at least their interns.
Internet advocacy group Fight for the Future has created a Twitter account, @cispapetition, with a single purpose. It tweets the name of one of the many people who have signed one of several anti-CISPA petitions online, hashtags it “#NoCISPA,” and tags those members of congress, Mike Rogers (R-Mich.) and Dutch Ruppersberger (D-Md.).
They're drawing from more than a million names, from petitions like Avaaz's, which is still collecting signatures from when CISPA was brought up the first time in 2012, to Fight for the Future's own “CISPA is back” campaign.
“At the rate we're going, we estimate it will take us 3,934 days, or over 10 years to tweet Ruppersberger and Rogers all the signatures,” Fight for the Future's Evan Greer told the Daily Dot. “That's how many people oppose CISPA's intrusions into internet user's privacy.”
It harkens back to the detested Stop Online Piracy Act (SOPA), which was defeated in 2012 after an enormous online uproar. SOPA so “shell-shocked” Congress, lawmakers have largely made a point to avoid angering the Internet, though that apparently just extends to copyright bills, not cybersecurity ones.
When reintroducing the bill, which is intended to make it easier for networks under cyberattack to share information with government agencies—far too easily, activists say—Rogers and Ruppersberger seemed to think they would avoid that same kind of backlash.
Ruppersberger stressed the difference when they reintroduced the bill Wednesday, saying “Privacy groups have come out and said this is a SOPA. It's not.”
But Greer disagrees. “Congress should learn from SOPA and take note that when you mess with the internet, you're putting your career at risk,” they said.
President Trump, watched by, from left, Vice President Pence, White House chief of staff Reince Priebus, White House National Trade Council head Peter Navarro and senior adviser Jared Kushner, signs an executive order on Jan. 23 that places a hiring freeze on nonmilitary federal workers. (Kevin Lamarque/Reuters)
The Trump administration might be best known for major defeats and repeated deceit, but that doesn't stop it from being prepared — prepared to fire and furlough feds.
Two reports issued by the Office of Personnel Management are designed to help agencies prepare for employee layoffs, a.k.a reductions in force (RIFs) and compulsory unpaid leaves. Layoffs are likely if President Trump's proposed $54 billion cut in the fiscal 2018 domestic discretionary budget, which begins in October, is approved. Of more immediate concern is the need for Congress to agree on stopgap funding before April 28 to avoid a partial government shutdown that would result in furloughs.
President Trump has introduced their budget plan, but that's just the beginning of the appropriations process. The Washington Post's White House economic policy reporter Damian Paletta explains what happens next. (Video: Jenny Starrs/Photo: Jabin Botsford/The Washington Post)
“Guidance for Administrative Furloughs” provides questions and answers for agency personnel offices and employees. The “Workforce Reshaping Operations Handbook,” a more benign, albeit less colorful framing than top Trump aide Steve Bannon's “deconstruction of the administrative state,” deals with agency reorganization.
This is not a happy topic, so let's start with a sliver of hope — the reshaping handbook's Chapter 1, Section C on “minimizing the need for reduction in force.” Here are some of the options offered, not in any order:
Detail employees to other agencies: “The employee on an interagency detail retains the same rights and benefits … because a detail does not change the employee's official position of record. This option works well when another agency has a temporary need for the specific skills of the surplus employees.”
“The employee on an interagency detail retains the same rights and benefits … because a detail does not change the employee's official position of record. This option works well when another agency has a temporary need for the specific skills of the surplus employees.” Freeze hiring and promotions: “The agency may freeze personnel actions to best fit its individual situation rather than automatically adopting a blanket freeze on all personnel actions. In a mid- or long-term implementation of its reshaping plan, the agency may adopt a freeze on a ratio or a percentage basis, such as filling one position for every two vacated positions.” Note: In one of Trump's first acts as president, they imposed an across-the-board hiring freeze with some exceptions.
“The agency may freeze personnel actions to best fit its individual situation rather than automatically adopting a blanket freeze on all personnel actions. In a mid- or long-term implementation of its reshaping plan, the agency may adopt a freeze on a ratio or a percentage basis, such as filling one position for every two vacated positions.” Note: In one of Trump's first acts as president, they imposed an across-the-board hiring freeze with some exceptions. Retraining staff: “Retraining benefits include minimizing disruption to the work environment and building workforce morale, particularly when the agency uses retraining as an alternative to involuntary separations and demotions from downsizing.”
“Retraining benefits include minimizing disruption to the work environment and building workforce morale, particularly when the agency uses retraining as an alternative to involuntary separations and demotions from downsizing.” Voluntary change to lower grade: “In some situations, a voluntary change to lower grade allows an agency to staff a vacancy with a proven employee, while providing continued employment to a surplus employee without forcing RIF actions.”
“In some situations, a voluntary change to lower grade allows an agency to staff a vacancy with a proven employee, while providing continued employment to a surplus employee without forcing RIF actions.” Voluntary reduction of hours, including conversion to part-time: “A reduction in an employee's scheduled work time will result in an immediate reduction in personnel costs, but may also result in a loss of organizational productivity …”
“A reduction in an employee's scheduled work time will result in an immediate reduction in personnel costs, but may also result in a loss of organizational productivity …” Furlough: The practice of placing workers in “a temporary nonduty, nonpay status,” or leave without pay, is familiar to those on staff during the partial government shutdown in 2013. “An agency may furlough an employee under RIF regulations only when the agency plans to recall the employee to duty within 1 year in the position the employee held when furloughed.”
This takes us to abbreviated questions and answers quoted from OPM's “Guidance for Administrative Furloughs:”
Q. Does placement in furlough status cause a full-time employee to be converted to part-time or a part-time employee to be converted to a reduced part-time work schedule?
A. No. Placement in furlough status or any other kind of temporary nonpay, nonduty status does not affect the nature of an employee's official work schedule as full-time or part-time. For a full-time employee who is furloughed during a 40-hour basic workweek, the employee continues to have a full-time 40-hour basic workweek.
Q. May an employee volunteer to do their or their job on a nonpay basis during any hours or days designated as furlough time off?
A. No. Unless otherwise authorized by law.
Q. May employees take other jobs during a period designated as furlough time off?
A. While on furlough time off, an individual remains an employee of the Federal Government. Therefore, executive branch-wide standards of ethical conduct and rules regarding outside employment continue to apply when an individual is furloughed.
Q. May an employee take paid leave or other forms of paid time off (e.g., annual, sick, court, or military leave, leave for bone marrow or organ donor leave, credit hours earned, any compensatory time off earned, or time off awards) instead of taking administrative furlough time off?
A. No.
Q. May an employee take LWOP (leave without pay) under the Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) during a time when administrative furloughs are being conducted for other employees?
A. Yes. An employee may take LWOP under FMLA during a time when administrative furloughs are being conducted for other employees in the same organization. … Furlough hours will not count toward the employee's 12-week FMLA leave entitlement. An employee may not later substitute paid leave for furlough hours.
Q. Does a furlough affect the accrual of annual leave and sick leave?
A. If an employee is furloughed … the employee's leave accrual will generally not be affected for that pay period.
My question: Can Congress avoid this madness?
Read more:
[Overshadowed executive order sets stage for threatened federal programs, workforce. Layoffs loom.]
[What is a RIF? A federal worker's guide to the Trump budget]
[Trump's federal hiring freeze draws immediate fire from unions]
Posted on by cousinavi
There was a piece on Slate a while back by Ron Rosenbaum which set out to distinguish agnosticism from atheism. It was annoying simply because Rosenbaum got so much wrong.
I would not go so far as to argue that there's a “new agnosticism” on the rise. But I think it's time for a new agnosticism, one that takes on the New Atheists. Indeed agnostics see atheism as “a theism”—as much a faith-based creed as the most orthodox of the religious variety. Faith-based atheism? Yes, alas. Atheists display a credulous and childlike faith, worship a certainty as yet unsupported by evidence—the certainty that they can or will be able to explain how and why the universe came into existence. (And some of them can behave as intolerantly to heretics who deviate from their unproven orthodoxy as the most unbending religious Inquisitor.)
This is nothing more than the same argument tossed up by theists – “Atheism is really just another form of faith! You can't prove god doesn't exist!”
Except that Rosenbaum doesn't go quite so far as to accuse atheists of making that assertion. Rather, they claim that we have faith in the ability of science to eventually answer all questions. Atheists, they claim, have simply replaced god with science.
Rosenbaum is no more accurate than the god freaks on this point.
To the god freak, the reply is simple: I do not assert that there is no god. I assert that there is no evidence upon which one might conclude that there is. In the absence of any such evidence, I do not accept the proposition that god exists.
To Rosenbaum, the reply is slightly longer: The faith I place in science is based entirely upon the ability of science – demonstrated uncountable times over hundreds of years – to make accurate predictions; to provide working solutions to real problems; to offer falsifiable, repeatable, demonstrable evidence for the claims it makes.
Thus, it is NOT faith at all. Faith, by definition, is a belief held in the absence of evidence. One might even go further and say that faith is a belief held in spite of the evidence, but the less demanding form is both sufficient for, and fatal to Rosenbaum's facile argument.
Science, in providing so very much EVIDENCE for its claims: computers, generators, cars, airplanes, vaccinations, heart transplants, blood transfusions, submarines, medicine, plumbing, X-boxes…is anything but faith. Science provides demonstrable, objective FACTS. It is TRUTH, or damn well the best approximation thereof.
I simply recognize – as do all thinking people – that science provides better answers, better ideas, better suggestions and better courses for the investigation of TRUTH than anything else. It certainly offers a better shot at answering ANY question than do the ginned up fantasies of theists.
In any case, atheism IS NOT, as Rosenbaum glibly and thoughtlessly suggests, a belief that science can or will be able to answer EVERY question. Atheism has nothing to do with science.
Rosenbaum is simply wrong when they claim that atheists have the sort of faith in the scientific method they describe.
Moreover, they engage a rather insulting bit of hypocrisy by accusing me of such blind faith. Firstly, it isn't blind. Secondly, that science may not be able to answer every question is no reason to either insert god in the place of good answers (as theists do), or to toss up one's hands and say (as Rosenbaum seems to wish) “Let's just accept that we cannot know!”
If one were interested in playing Rosembaum's silly little game, one might also point out that it requires EXACTLY the same sort of faith to say, “There are questions to which we may never know the answers.”
They cannot possibly KNOW that, thus it is an article of FAITH. And so falls the great skeptical agnostic.
This seems to be the central point of Rosenbaum's bit (who, by the way, admits to having meddled with the Templeton Foundation – spineless apologists for religion in science).
They accuse the atheists of worshiping science. They don't want to “worship” ANYTHING – he's a skeptic! And so, with the very middling, bland, almost grovelling attempt of the true fence-sitter, they attack both poles from the middle, willing to accept being equally detested if they cannot be equally liked: “Maybe there are things we can never know.”
Perhaps there are. But the claim that atheists either believe, or assert, that science CAN answer all questions is simply false. It is nothing more than a straw man of Rosenbaum's own creation.
Atheism is NOTHING more than the absence of belief in magical, omnipotent, intervening, sky wizards. To insist that atheism includes an unwavering “faith” in the ability of science to provide answers to the girl, the gold watch and everything is simply a lie spun either from ignorance, or from something more sinister.
It is a rather weak and sad bit of sophistry to split the difference between “God did it!” and “We don't know”, stand precisely between the two and insist that “We cannot know” is any sort of valuable contribution to anything.
Rosenbaum asks, “Why is there something rather than nothing?”
They drop it as a challenge – one they suppose that no one can answer.
The simple philosophical answer is, of course, why not?
Furthermore, there seems to be some support in recent physics research for the presence of matter in greater quantities than anti-matter, which would go a long way in terms of SCIENCE, Rosenbaum's personal bogeyman, providing AN ANSWER.
Rosenbaum's strategy very closely resembles that employed by a three-year-old who has discovered the question, “Why?”
They just keeps repeating it, ad infinitum…ad nauseum, until they get the answer for which they so desperately longs: “We don't know.”
AHA! And we may never know! AHA, AGAIN!
Of course, Rosenbaum would only be too happy, one suspects, to move the goalposts: “Why are WE here?”
Pushing the playing field further and further into purely philosophical territory – “What is the meaning of life?” – in order to smugly demonstrate that there are questions which science cannot even address. And to what purpose does Rosenbaum engage in such contortions? Well…it would seem that Ron prefers, when faced with difficult questions, not to be bothered asking. It's easier for Ron to toss up their hands and retreat into comfortable ignorance, much the same way theists retreat into comfortable unwarranted certainty.
The great physicist Richard Feynman once remarked that they were fine with a universe in which there were unanswered questions; that the awe and wonder – the mystery of it all – was not, for him, at all a frightening or disconcerting prospect. Rosenbaum is not only comfortable with not knowing, they would prefer to stop asking questions.
I do not think that was what Feynman had in mind.
Rosenbaum's entire argument rests on the premise that atheists BELIEVE science can, and will, answer ALL questions. This is a canard, and a rather pathetic falsehood on which to construct an attack on atheism.
One might better ask, “How does one so muddle-headed and confused get a job writing on science, religion and philosophy?”
Advertisements
Share this: Facebook
Reddit
Twitter
Email
Like this: Like Loading... Related
Filed under: Atheism, Philosophy, Physics, Religion, Science, Stupid, Theology, Truth | Tagged: agnosticism, Lies, Ron Rosenbaum, Slate, straw man |
Scotland's industries and farmers must cut energy, greenhouse gas emissions and resource use as waste overtakes pollution as the major environmental threat, says head of regulator
Scotland's environment agency has warned the country's industries and farmers that their waste and inefficiency is now the biggest threat to the environment, overtaking pollution.
In a marked shift in strategy, the regulator's chief executive, Terry A'Hearn, will urge businesses, farmers and manufacturers to adopt a “one planet prosperity” policy designed to cut their energy use, greenhouse gas emissions, waste and resource use.
“The major threat to the environment now is that humanity is overusing the planet as a resource base,” they told the Guardian.
A'Hearn argues that the Scottish Environment Protection Agency (Sepa) has largely won the battle against so-called gross pollution from onshore sources. Air, water and soil pollution is now far below the levels seen decades ago.
Those were 20th-century problems, they said. But developed economies such as the UK's are now consuming resources at a rate close to three times the planet's actual capacity. “I've been extremely clear that if we have only one planet, we have to be really, really smart about how we use it,” they said.
Sepa, which is sister agency to the Environment Agency in England, has been given greater regulatory power and independence under legislation passed by the Scottish parliament in 2014, including greater freedom to fine polluters.
It is now able to levy fines as high as £40,000 without going through state prosecutors, imposing fixed penalties similar to those issued by police for driving offences, and has discretionary powers to penalize repeat offenders far more heavily for repeated breaches.
But Sepa's data shows that 87% of Scottish businesses now have a good or excellent regulatory record, with only 7% rated as poor or very poor.
A'Hearn, an Australian who took over as Sepa chief executive last year after running Northern Ireland's environment agency, said there were still sectors with “significant challenges”, particularly the fish farming industry.
Scottish salmon farms are repeatedly criticised by environment campaigners and other marine industries for heavy use of toxic chemicals to combat sea lice and disease, and seabed pollution caused by fish excrement. “There are still compliance issues here; we need to get on top of those,” A'Hearn said.
With an overall budget of £78m, Sepa has seen its government funding cut by about 25% in real terms over the last decade and is absorbing a 6% budget cut this year, down to £37m. Half its funds come from regulatory fees and other sources, helping cushion the impact of those cuts.
A'Hearn said its inspection regime would remain robust but in an article being posted on Sepa's website later on Monday, they assert that sustainable growth is now the core objective of its regulatory strategy.
“Our statutory purpose, to deliver environmental protection and improvement in ways which also create health and wellbeing benefits and sustainable economic growth, means that Sepa must undertake a very different role if we are to help create prosperity within our planet's capacity to support it,” they state.
The aquaculture sector would be among the first to be approached by A'Hearn to establish new “sustainable growth agreements” which they said will be central to their new one planet strategy.
Based partly on a similar scheme they rolled out in Northern Ireland, voluntary but formal agreements would be struck with the most successful or progressive companies, or possibly on an industry-wide basis.
Companies which became sector champions would set targets or goals to increase efficiency and cut down waste; it would allow them to publicise that role in their marketing. Some highly integrated sectors such as the whisky industry, which has lately adopted more ambitious environmental policies, could sign industry-wide sustainability deals.
A'Hearn cited a deal signed by the aggregates and cement giant Lafarge on their second-last day as boss of the Northern Ireland agency. Lafarge agreed to pilot a scheme to take chicken manure from a major poultry farm and waste tyres as lower carbon fuel sources to generate the vast amounts of power needed for its cement factory at Cookstown.
Environmentalists fear that crowning some firms and industries as sustainability champions could lead to conflicts of interest and tensions for Sepa, if it had to crack down on pollution offences by that company or had to help adjudicate if a sector champion, say a fishfarm, wanted to open a new site or expand in a sensitive area.
A'Hearn said Sepa “won't hesitate” in telling a firm that wants to expand that it can't do so if it fails to protect the environment. “I don't see any tension at all if we do it properly,” they said.
The opening passage of any sustainable growth agreement would ensure the business agrees to meet all compliance standards at all times. “If it becomes clear that they're not willing to sign up to those, it's clear then that they're not the best performers. I will be eyeballing CEO's to test that,” they insisted.
Use one addiction to feed another.
The folks over at Hearthpwn have dug up some interesting information in the latest World of Warcraft patch. It looks like the systems are being put in place to allow users to transfer the value of "WoW Tokens" directly into their battle.net balance. Since WoW Tokens can be bought for in-game gold, you'll theoretically be able to use your World of Warcraft gold to buy Hearthstone packs, Blizzard games, and merchandise!
The game's 7.15 PTR patch revealed several strings that seemed to deal with transferring a WoW Token's balance to your battle.net account. For example:
TOKEN_REDEEM_BALANCE_DESCRIPTION (New) - Add %s to your Battle.net Balance?
TOKEN_COMPLETE_BALANCE_DESCRIPTION (New) - %s will be added to your Battle.net Balance. You will receive a confirmation email shortly.
Furthermore, at BlizzCon this year during a Q & A session, the WoW team stated that "They're looking into making the WoW Token be able to be used for other services as well as Character Transfer, Faction Change, or Battle.net Balance."
Battle.net balance can only be used to purchase Blizzard games or services, such as World of Warcraft character transfers, Overwatch loot boxes, and of course Hearthstone packs.
The WoW Token is an in-game "item" that can either be purchased for real money and sold for gold, or purchased for gold and exchanged for World of Warcraft game time.
Source: Hearthpwn
SAN ANTONIO - Two people were taken into custody following a violent crash in Floresville early Wednesday morning.
According to Floresville police officers, a school bus leaving Floresville High School was clipped by a red SUV that ran a red light along Highway 181. There were no students on the bus and no one else was injured.
The SUV also hit a food delivery truck. The incident then took a violent turn when the driver of the SUV pulled out a gun and confronted the driver of the delivery truck, according to investigators.
At that point, witnesses said three others inside the SUV got out and tried to run. Police were able to take the SUV driver and one passenger into custody. Two others got away.
The crash remained under investigation.
The Palestinians received a symbolic vote at the UN for statehood but must still negotiate with Israel for a lasting peace, say experts.
Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas, center, and the delegation celebrate after the United Nations General Assembly voted to approve a resolution to upgrade the status of the Palestinian Authority to a non-member observer state Thursday. (Photo: Stan Honda, AFP/Getty Images) Story Highlights Palestinians celebrate symbolic statehood at UN
Analysts say real state only happens with peace pact with Israel
Issues: Borders, security, Jerusalem, refugees
Palestinians on Friday celebrated their new status as a symbolic state following a United Nations but they won't have a real state until they agree with Israel on thorny issues the two have tangled over for decades, analysts say.
The vote is historic because it allows Palestinians to use the word "state" in their title at the U.N., , says Marina Ottaway, director of the Middle East Program at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace. But, they said, it does not solve issues like the status of Jerusalem, the details of borders and security, mutual recognition and refugee claims.
"I don't think it moves the process any closer to negotiations," Ottaway said.
The U.N. General Assembly voted 138-9 with 41 abstentions to grant Palestine non-member state status, a move that Israel and the USA warned would make peace more difficult.
Palestinians in the West Bank erupted in cheers, hugging each other and honking car horns. In the West Bank city of Ramallah, hundreds crowding into the main square waved Palestinian flags and chanted "God is great."
"It's a great feeling to have a state, even if in name only," said civil servant Mohammed Srour, 28, standing in a flag-waving a crowd of more than 2,000 packed into a square in the West Bank city of Ramallah late Thursday.
The vote held on the 65th anniversary of the birth of modern Israel when the UN voted to partition the region into one Jewish state and one Arab state. Palestinian president Mahmoud Abbas told General Assembly delegates before the vote that it would "breathe new life into the negotiation process."
Abbas said they "did not come here to de-legitimize a state established year ago, that is Israel." Then lashed out at Israel, blaming it for a lack of peace in the region and alleging it conducted "ethnic cleansing" in Gaza in its air campaign against rocket fire aimed it Israeli cities and towns.
Abbas' remarks and the final vote were met with loud applause in the General Assembly. The vote effectively recognizes Palestine as a state but it will not be a UN member. Membership is granted by the Security Council, where the USA, which opposed the move but failed to stop it, has veto power.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu called the Abbas speech "defamatory and venomous," saying it was "full of mendacious propaganda" against Israel and showed that the Palestinians are not really interested in having a peaceful state alongside Israel.
"No Palestinian state will exist without a declaration of an end to hostilities, and no Palestinian state will exist without real security arrangements that will protect the State of Israel and its citizens. None of these things are remotely mentioned in the Palestinian petition to the U.N," Netanyahu said.
Israel just completed a military operation in Gaza against Hamas, the Palestinian faction and U.S.-designated terror group that fired hundreds of rockets at Israel earlier this month until Israel launched air strikes to stop them. The two sides called a cease-fire last week.
"There is only one way peace can be achieved," they continued. "Through direct negotiation between the sides without preconditions," they said.
Though the vote does not give the Palestinian Authority UN membership it may allow it to file suits against Israel in the International Criminal Court, and allow Israel to do the same against the Palestinian Authority.
However, Abbas said Palestinians will accept nothing less than an independent state with east Jerusalem as its capital on all territories occupied by Israel in a 1967 war, and a settlement to the issue of millions of Palestinian descendants who have refugee status. Israel's position is Jerusalem will always remain its undivided capital and that refugees cannot return to Israel.
The United States, which voted against the resolution, immediately criticized the vote. The USA and Israel have said that the vote will make the Palestinians less likely to compromise on difficult choices and make it harder for the two sides to create a lasting peace.
"Today's unfortunate and counterproductive resolution places further obstacles in the path peace," U.N. Ambassador Susan Rice said. U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton called the vote "unfortunate" and "counterproductive."
Vuk Jeremić, president of the General Assembly acknowledged the historical nature of the vote and called on Israeli and Palestinian leaders "to work for peace, negotiate in good faith and succeed." Until Thursday, the Palestinian Authority has the status of U.N. observer.
Ahead of the vote, Republican Sen. Orrin Hatch filed an amendment to a defense bill that would eliminate funding for the United Nations if the General Assembly changes Palestine's status.
"Increasing the Palestinians' role in the United Nations is absolutely the wrong approach, especially in light of recent military developments in the Middle East," they said in a statement. "Israel is one of America's closest allies, and any movement to strengthen one of its fiercest enemies must not be tolerated."
The Palestinian effort is a rejection of US-mediated peace talks, says Yousef Munayyer, executive director of The Palestine Center, a pro-Palestinian think-tank in Washington. They're meant to create leverage for Palestinians to impose costs on the Israelis for the occupation, Munayyer says.
"This is an alternative strategy to seek membership in other international forums after Obama failed to get Israel to agree to a settlement freeze" in 2010, Munayyer said.
The Palestinians have different strategies for making the occupation costly for Israel, Munayyer said. Hamas, the U.S. designated terror group that rules the Palestinian territory of Gaza, believes only force will achieve Israeli concessions, while Abbas' Fatah party and Palestinian Liberation Organization believe in using international courts and organizations.
"Unless Israel has costs related to the occupation, it's not going to change," they say.
The U.N. vote should be "a springboard" to a process that results in better relations between Ramallah and Washington, says Hussein Ibish, a senior fellow at the American Task Force on Palestine, which advocates for a negotiated two-state solution to the conflict between Israel and Palestinians. Better Palestinian-US relations would be the first step to getting back to negotiations with Israel, Ibish says.
Ibish said they believe many European countries that Israel and the USA thought would abstain or oppose the measure decided to vote in favor or abstain because Palestinian leaders signaled "they can be restrained in using those options."
I
Contributing: The Associated Press
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/U5acR5
The U.S. Prism surveillance of emails, phone calls, social networking, data storage and other personal communication around the world is the worst attack on freedom since World War II. If that sounds overwrought, consider that in 1939, the West faced a force that intended to enslave most humankind, a force that came very close to winning. Any sacrifice of freedom and privacy in the West was worth the cost.
Novelist Jonathan Franzen: What if Josef K was guilty? (Oct. 16, 2009) ( Joe Kohen / Getty Images )
Osama bin Laden's assault on U.S. soil was minor by comparison. That the American war on the privacy and liberty of its own citizens — as well as that of foreigners like us — should have been prompted by a mere terrorist attack is the sorriest part of the tragic American overreaction. Bin Laden removed a chip of a brick in a wall. The U.S. has destroyed the building. I am collecting clever lines. “Obama is like Apple, Google and Facebook: a once hip brand tainted by Prism,” ran Jonathan Freedland's column headline in the Guardian, which broke the story. “Call it digital Blackwater,” said Salon.com. But they miss the point, as did a CBC.ca headline, “Should Canadians worry about data snooping?” For one thing, it's not mere snooping, it's not one company and it isn't even one president. Digital isn't even the problem. Digital is just the way governments managed this appallingly successful assault on freedom. It's a means to an end, and the means have always been various.
Article Continued Below
It's the end that distresses me. The damage to freedom is all-embracing. “Why do they hate our freedoms?” became a simple-minded rallying cry in the U.S. after 9/11, then a comedy catchphrase. The joke now is that “they” refers to Washington, not ragtag terrorists in distant nations. The enemy is us. It certainly isn't whistleblower Edward Snowden. The territory won by George W. Bush and Barack Obama in the governmental assault on privacy is massive. “You can't have 100-per-cent security and also then have 100-per-cent privacy and zero inconvenience,” Obama said Sunday, defending Prism. But Americans now score zero on all three. If you have a phone, store photos, use email, Skype, watch TV, etc., the government can “watch your ideas form as you type,” a U.S. official told the Washington Post. Now it's not your phone conversation or web link to one person that can trap you, it's a link to somebody who knows somebody who knows somebody else. It's a pattern of purchases similar to the pattern of someone five separations down the line, a flight on the same plane, a lost cellphone, an array of things that make you a target. “But I've done nothing wrong,” you cry. Perhaps not. You will not make the decision about your innocence. The data will. They have already been compiled.
I always admired Kafka's The Trial, about a man, Josef K, arrested by a mysterious police force for an unspecified crime they have not committed. Their despair is total, their exoneration impossible. But it's possible to read the book another way, as Jonathan Franzen explained in a 2006 essay on German literature. What if Josef K is guilty?
Article Continued Below
Franzen had a brilliant professor, George Avery, who suggested three possibilities: Josef K is innocent, their degree of guilt is undecidable, or they are guilty. Read the novel again. Franzen did. “I'd been blind the way K themselves is blind,” they wrote. “I decided that K is a creepy, arrogant, selfish, abusive shmuck who, because they refuse to examine their life, is having it forcibly examined for him.” That's you, good-hearted oblivious reader. This week, Joyce Carol Oates tweeted, “Everyone should have something to hide — or at any rate, the right to hide it.” I'd go further. Everyone does have something to hide. Most men cheat on their wives, for instance. I believe that. But that's not what I mean. Money, sex, drugs, status, all desires: they lead us into little lies, subversions, petty crimes, larger vices, things that would displease our employer, family, voters, bank, neighbours, police, auditors, etc. The problem isn't just that Prism knows or can easily find out. The problem is what they do with that knowledge. The sword of every little crime in your life hangs over your head. Josef K, he's all of us now. hmallick@thestar.ca
Read more about:
I've always been an advocate of decisive and severe punishments for convicted cheaters, match-fixers and other scammers. Nothing will change that. But the premise is that those in charge to pass the sentence have done everything necessary to ensure a fair trial. This was allegedly not the case when Simeon “dream3r” Ganev, a talented Bulgarian CS:GO pro-player, was banned by Valve's anti-cheat system VAC last year.
One might argue Ganev's case is just one in a number of incidents that are being debated passionately by the community. Valve's anti-cheat system habitually becomes a basis of discussion. Just like any other technology the VAC system is prone to errors. Accounts can be stolen or hacked, and of course VAC can't know who really plays on the account. Likely there are myriads of players who have been treated unfairly by the system.
Ganev's case is special though. They field as a rifler for E-Frag Esports Club, one of the best CS:GO teams in Eastern Europe and arguably among the Top 20 in the world. Their case is about a career at risk. Their case is about one of the most talented Bulgarian pro-players being deterred from the big stages. Ganev's ban applies to all Valve-sponsored events, including prestigious tournaments like ESL One or DreamHack. It leaves a promising player in despair and without any chance to become one of the best.
And all that because of a serious error.
At least, that's what Ganev states. They have published what they claim to be evidence of their innocence. They say their account was stolen months before the ban, that they had no access to it whatsoever, and that they had used a new account ever since. Even though E-Frag was forced to replace Ganev in all affected matches, the organization keeps faith with their shooting star. Teammates and staff members have voiced their concerns multiple times. I'm not the one to decide if they deserve the ban. But as they heavily demand a hearing, it is morally questionable to ignore him.
Valve remains silent over the case. The company is not known for being overly communicative with such controversies. The situation of the players involved in the iBuyPower scandal remained vague for nearly a year. Only then it was finally clarified that the “indefinite bans” indeed are what many already assumed: lifetime bans. However, Ganev's case looks comparably easy to solve. In fact, they would not even be the first who got unbanned.
LDLC White member Matthieu “matHEND” Roquigny has seen their VAC ban lifted by Valve, after providing evidence that they were hacked. There is no good reason to deny Ganev the same treatment. The integrity of a sport is not only damaged by cheaters or match-fixers, but also by arbitrary justice. Valve has to attend to the matter if it's only to save face.
=================================== Zine - a Python powered blog engine =================================== This is Zine 0.2 the second release of Zine. It already provides quite a few features: - of course, basic blog functionality: posting, comments, categories, tags, and ATOM feeds - user, group and permission management - theming support - importers for WordPress and Atom feeds. - an advanced plugin system - a translatable interface (although with this first release, only English and German translations are available) But some things are still missing. The following things (and more) will be included in Zine 0.2 (tentatively set to be released in April, 2009): - search functionality - file upload system - notifications about new posts, comments, etc - more translations - documentation for (plugin) developers (for now, there's a documented example plugin called "Eric The Fish" included in Zine's source. If you want to develop plugins, that's the starting point.) Installation ============ See the file INSTALL for a list of dependencies and installation instructions. License and Copyright ===================== Zine was mainly written and is maintained by Armin Ronacher. See the files AUTHORS and THANKS for a complete list of contributors known as the Zine Team. Zine is released under a BSD-style license, see the LICENSE file for more details. Getting in touch with the developers ==================================== The best way to communicate with the developers is the IRC channel `#pocoo`_ on irc.freenode.net. Beware, several projects have their "home" there, so be sure to tell the people you're talking about Zine. The wiki and bug tracker is available on the `Zine Development Center`_. If you encounter bugs or if you want to suggest a new feature be sure to file a new ticket there. Other resources: - `Main repository <http://dev.pocoo.org/hg/zine-main>`_ - `bitbucket mirror <http://www.bitbucket.org/mitsuhiko/zine-main>`_ .. _#pocoo: irc://irc.freenode.net/%23pocoo .. _Zine Development Center: http://dev.pocoo.org/projects/zine/
Supporters of the government gather during a rally in central Sofia November 16, 2013. REUTERS/Stringer
SOFIA (Reuters) - Tens of thousands of opponents and supporters of Socialist-led government rallied on Saturday, underscoring the widening political divide and uncertainty in the European Union's poorest country.
Prime Minister Plamen Oresharski pledged to stay in power and push with reforms to help the most disadvantaged and raise incomes at a rally organized by the Socialists and their junior coalition partners, the ethnic Turkish MRF party in Sofia.
In a separate rally in Bulgaria's second largest city, Plovdiv, thousands of supporters of the main opposition GERB party demanded government's resignation and early election, accusing the government of incompetence and graft.
The Socialist-led cabinet took office in May after a GERB centre-right government resigned following mass protests over high utility bills and corruption. GERB won most votes at the May poll, but failed to form a government.
The cabinet enjoys a shaky majority with the unofficial support of nationalist Attack party. Most analysts say it will not carry out its full four-year term.
Many Bulgarians had hoped that joining the EU six years ago would bring prosperity to the former communist state and put an end to rampant corruption and organized crime. They are disillusioned with the entrenched political elites, which they believe work only for their own benefit.
The country is yet to put a senior government official behind bars for graft, while the average salary of 400 euros ($540) per month is the lowest in the 28-member bloc.
Five months after the early election, Bulgarians remain divided on whether the government should stay in power or resign, opinion polls show. Political analysts said Saturday's rallies can deepen the divisions.
“These demonstrations underscore the deepening confrontation between the political rivals. There is a possibility of intensification of the divisions in society,” Parvan Simeonov, a political analyst with Gallup told private television Nova TV.
There's a popular model of personality that splits it into five components: openness to experience, conscientiousness, extroversion, agreeableness, and neuroticism. And it's well known that, while atheists tend to score high on openness, they tend to get low scores on conscientiousness and agreeableness.
Back in 2010, Vincent Saroglou and colleagues assembled data from all the studies published up to that time – a massive pool of 21,715 people across 19 countries. They found that, across all measures of religion, cultural areas, and age groups, people who scored higher on agreeableness and conscientiousness also reported being more religious.
But as I reported at the time, there were some unusual inconsistencies in the data. Religious people in Europe were less agreeable compared with those in America. And, unlike the American religious, religious Europeans were more closed-minded than the non-religious. Perhaps that's because the kinds of people who take up religion are different in these different cultural contexts.
With the advent of the of massive population surveys made possible to the internet, if#s become possible to check wether that's the case. Jochen Gebauer (at Humboldt University, Berlin) and colleagues have taken advantage of some of these to run an analysis of over 3 million different people.
Think about that for a moment. Three million people gives not only unprecedented power to unravel correlations, but also means that you don't have to cobble together studies with different methods different measurements, as Saroglou had to.
They first took data from the Gosling-Potter Internet Personality Project, which has over 2 million people on file from around the world. They split this into two, to compare different countries and also different states within the USA. Then they looked at nearly 400,000 Britons in 121 different urban areas. The last sample was a smaller one of nearly 15,000 people across 15 German states.
Overall, they did find that Agreeableness and Conscientiousness were the two strongest predictors of personal religiosity. Confirming what Saroglou found, this relationship was stronger in the more religious populations in the Gosling-Potter Internet Personality Project.
But these data let them go further and look at how the strength of relationship between each personality factor and religiousness varied according to how religious was the country, state, or town the person was living in.
Take a look at the graphic, which shows how the relationship varies internationally.
What this shows are that, in more religious countries (towards the right of the graph), the strength of the relationship between agreeableness or conscientiousness and religion is stronger. But the relationship with openness is weaker!
They found essentially the same result in all the samples they looked at. It seems to be a universal result whether comparing at countries, states or towns. And whether you look at more religious USA or less religious Europe.
They also got similar results when they looked at friends' and acquaintances assessments of the subjects personality. And, in yet another dataset, they found that personality predictions of religiosity two years later showed a similar relationship – once driven by how religious the society was that the person lived in.
So this is why atheists in the USA are disagreeable and unconscientious. It's because the USA is a pretty religious country.
If you think about it, that makes sense. If you're going to be an atheist in a religious country, you need to be the sort of person who's willing to disagree and argue. And you're not likely to be the kind of person who dutifully traipes along to Church every Sunday, like a good citizen.
On the other hand, you are going to be the kind of person who is open to new experiences. In a less religious country, where atheists are more common, you begin to find that it is th religious people who are most open to new experiences!
In other words, atheists in the USA are trailblazers, willing to take on new perspectives and stand out from the crowd. And maybe just a bit difficult with it.
Gebauer, J., Bleidorn, W., Gosling, S., Rentfrow, P., Lamb, M., & Potter, J. (2014). Cross-cultural variations in Big Five relationships with religiosity: A sociocultural motives perspective. Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, 107 (6), 1064-1091 DOI: 10.1037/a0037683
This article by Tom Rees was first published on Epiphenom. It is licensed under Creative Commons.
JERUSALEM (CNN) -- A day before Israel implements a "routine" emergency drill, an Israeli official Monday said the entire country is at risk of Hezbollah rocket attacks and blamed Iran for "provoking us" by backing the terrorist group.
"An Iranian attack will lead to a harsh retaliation by Israel," says Benyamin Ben Eliezer.
Israeli Infrastructure Minister Benyamin Ben Eliezer warned against an attack by Iran, which they said is unlikely to happen.
"An Iranian attack will lead to a harsh retaliation by Israel, which will lead to the destruction of the Iranian nation," Ben Eliezer said, pointing out that Iran "will not attack Israel so quickly because they understand the ramifications."
"They are certainly aware of our strength," they said. "Nonetheless, the Iranians are provoking us through their allies Syria and Hezbollah, (providing) them with much weaponry, and with that we have to contend."
On Tuesday, Israel will begin a nationwide emergency response starting with a 90-second-long siren that will sound across Israel at 10 a.m. (3 a.m. ET) except in the southern town of Sderot, a frequent target of rocket attacks launched by Palestinian militants in Gaza.
Ben Eliezer stressed that the nationwide emergency drill "is not aimed at threatening any of the countries surrounding us." But they offered a bleak scenario for Israel in the face of a future war.
Don't Miss Israel to hold nationwide emergency drill
"I predict that in the opening strike, hundreds of rockets will land in Israel," Ben Eliezer said. "There will not be a place in the country out of the range of the missiles and rockets of Syria and Hezbollah."
During Tuesday's drill, Israeli television will show a message from the military as well as instructional videos on how to seek shelter during an alert. During that time, Israeli schools and government offices will practice entering protected spaces.
The country will also begin practicing its response to a variety of attacks, including rocket strikes and incidents involving chemical and biological agents.
Haemek Hospital in Afula will be one of the institutions taking part in those drills, which will end on Thursday.
Speaking on Sunday, Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert stressed the exercise "is only a drill" and has nothing to do with "exaggerated" reports of heightened tensions with Syria.
"I would like to make it unequivocally clear that this is a routine drill," Olmert said before the start of their weekly Cabinet meeting.
"The state of Israel is not intent on any violent confrontation in the north. On the contrary, we have said more than once that we have an interest in holding peace negotiations with Syria. They know exactly what our expectations are. I can also say that we know what their expectations are; if these conditions will bear fruit, then this is what we are intent on and nothing else."
Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak said the exercise is a direct result of Israel's 2006 war with Hezbollah militants based in Lebanon, which failed to weaken the Hezbollah either militarily or politically.
"The Second Lebanon War created a situation by which the home front is part of the front," Barak said Monday. "Israel has no interest in escalating the situation in the region." E-mail to a friend
All About Israel • Syria
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's Liberal Democratic Party suffered a historic defeat in an election in the Japanese capital on Sunday, signalling trouble ahead for the premier who has suffered from slumping support because of a favouritism scandal.
On the surface, the Tokyo Metropolitan Assembly election was a referendum on Governor Yuriko Koike's year in office, but the dismal showing for Abe's party is also a stinging rebuke of their four and a half-year-old administration.
Koike's Tokyo Citizens First Party and its allies took 79 seats in the 127-seat assembly.
The LDP won a mere 23, its worst-ever results, compared with 57 before the election.
READ MORE: Lives in limbo - Why Japan accepts so few refugees
"We must recognise this as an historic defeat," former defence minister Shigeru Ishiba was quoted as saying by NHK - the national public broadcaster of Japan.
"Rather than a victory for Tokyo Citizens First, this is a defeat for the LDP," said Ishiba, who is widely seen as an Abe rival within the ruling party.
A bellwether for national trends?
Past Tokyo elections have been bellwethers for national trends. A 2009 Tokyo poll in which the LDP won just 38 seats was followed by its defeat in a general election that year, although this time no poll need be held until late 2018.
Koike, a media-savvy ex-defence minister and former LDP member, took office a year ago as the first female governor of the capital, defying the local LDP chapter to run and promising to reform the governance of a megacity with a population of 13.7 million and an economy bigger than the Netherlands'.
I allies in the Komeito party - which is the LDP's national coalition partner - got 23 seats.
"I am excited but at the same time, I am also keenly aware of the weight of my responsibility," Koike told NHK, adding that the results had exceeded them expectations.
The strong showing by Koike's party will fuel speculation that they will make a bid for the nation's top job, although that may not be until after the 2020 Tokyo Olympics.
It could also widen cracks between the LDP and the Komeito while damaging prospects for the opposition Democratic Party, which won five seats.
The LDP's defeat could make it harder for Abe to pursue their cherished goal of revising the US-drafted constitution's pacifist Article 9 by 2020.
Abe's rivals in their party could be encouraged by the LDP's dismal performance to challenge them in a leadership race in September 2018.
Gaffes and scandals
Abe's troubles centre on concerns that they may have intervened to help Kake Gakuen (Kake Educational Institution) win approval for a veterinary school in a special economic zone. Its director, Kotaro Kake, is a friend of Abe's.
The government has not granted such an approval in decades due to a perceived glut of veterinarians. Abe and their aides have denied doing Kake any favours.
Potentially more devastating is the impression among many voters that Abe and their inner circle have grown arrogant.
READ MORE: North Korea threat boosts bomb shelter sales in Japan
"We must accept the results humbly," said Hakubun Shimomura, a close Abe ally and head of the LDP's Tokyo chapter. "The voters have handed down an extremely severe verdict."
Shimomura immediately stepped down from their role in the Tokyo chapter, taking responsibility for the crushing defeat.
Abe is expected to reshuffle their cabinet in the coming months in an effort to repair their damaged ratings, a step often taken by beleaguered leaders but one that can backfire if novice ministers become embroiled in scandals or commit gaffes.
Among those many political insiders expected to be replaced is Defence Minister Tomomi Inada.
Inada also came under harsh criticism after they implied in a speech last week that the Defence Ministry and the Japanese military were supporting the LDP. By law, the military is required to be politically neutral.
California's average gasoline price set a record Saturday of $4.614 for a gallon of regular, up 12.8 cents overnight – but anyone who filled up in the last few days probably isn't surprised.
Gasoline prices skyrocketed after the Exxon Mobil refinery in Torrance was knocked offline Monday by a power outage. Other lingering refinery and pipeline problems also contributed to the soaring costs at the pump.
Several service stations are charging more than $5 a gallon for regular gasoline. Some have stopped selling gas because they don't want to pay the high wholesale price, which reached a record Thursday but eased somewhat on Friday.
Why are gas prices so high?
Saturday's record, as measured by AAA's daily fuel price survey, replaces the old record of $4.610 set in 2008. If it's any comfort, and it probably isn't, that's only a nominal record because when adjusted for inflation, the old record equals $4.93 in 2012 dollars.
The Baker Hughes service company reported on Friday that the United States rig count declined 84 this week to 1,056, from a peak of 1,609 in October. The latest major American producer to announce cuts was the Apache Corporation, which said on Thursday that it would cut its investments 60 percent this year. Apache said the number of rigs it operates onshore in North America would fall to 27 by the end of this month from 91 in the fall.
“We cannot predict nor control the length or depth of this oil price correction or the timing and extent of the rebound,” John J. Christmann IV, Apache's chief executive, said in a conference call, reflecting the uncertain sentiments voiced by many oil executives lately. “We have therefore acted quickly and decisively regarding the things we can control: our activity levels and cost structure.”
The price of oil fell nearly 60 percent from June to late January. It began recovering somewhat in recent weeks as traders became increasingly optimistic that oil companies were quickly decommissioning rigs and cutting investments in exploration and production at a rate not seen since the oil price slump in the 1980s.
Gasoline prices have been edging up for motorists. The average national price for a gallon of regular was $2.24 on Friday, 12 cents more than a month ago. But consumers are stilling paying nearly $1.10 less a gallon than a year ago.
The question remains whether the cuts producers are making will be enough to bring supplies into balance with demand; the global market has an excess of 1.5 million to two million barrels a day. That oil has been flooding into storage tanks in Cushing, Okla., around the Gulf of Mexico and on tankers around the world.
Concealing a birth is the act of a parent (or other responsible person) failing to report the birth of a child. The term is sometimes used to refer to hiding the birth of a child from friends or family, but is most often used when the appropriate authorities have not been informed about a stillbirth or the death of a newborn. This is a crime in many countries, with varying punishments.
Australia [ edit ]
Australian Capital Territory
Section 47 of the Crimes Act 1900 creates the offence of concealment of birth. [1]
New South Wales
Section 85 of the Crimes Act 1900 creates the offence of concealment of birth. [2]
Northern Territory
Section 163 of the Criminal Code Act creates the offence of concealment of birth. [3]
South Australia
Section 83 of the Criminal Law Consolidation Act 1935 creates the offence of concealment of birth.[4]
Western Australia
Section 291 of the Criminal Code (Schedule to the Criminal Code Compilation Act 1913) creates the offence of concealing the birth of children. [5]
Tasmania
Section 166 of the Criminal Code Act 1924 creates the offence of concealment of birth.[6]
Victoria
Section 67 of the Crimes Act 1958 creates the offence of concealing birth of a child.[7]
Canada [ edit ]
Section 242 of the Canadian Criminal Code (injury to, or death of, a child due to its mother neglecting to obtain assistance in child birth with intent that it should not live or to conceal its birth).[8] (English) [9] (French)
Section 243 of that Code (concealing the dead body of a child with intent to its conceal birth). [10] (English) [11] (French)
China [ edit ]
A birth could have been concealed when there was a violation of the country's previous one-child policy in the People's Republic of China.
England and Wales, and Northern Ireland [ edit ]
In England and Wales, and in Northern Ireland, section 60 of the Offences against the Person Act 1861 creates the offence of concealing the birth of a child:
If any woman shall be delivered of a child, every person who shall, by any secret disposition of the dead body of the said child, whether such child died before, at, or after its birth, endeavour to conceal the birth thereof, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and being convicted thereof shall be liable, at the discretion of the court, to be imprisoned for any term not exceeding two years, ...
The words "with or without hard labour" omitted in the first place were repealed for England and Wales by section 1(2) of the Criminal Justice Act 1948.
The proviso to this section, as extended by any subsequent enactment, was repealed for England and Wales by section 10 of, and paragraph 13(1)(a) of Schedule 2 to, and Part III of Schedule 3 to, the Criminal Law Act 1967. Originally, the proviso allowed the jury to find an alternative verdict of this offence on a charge of murder. In England and Wales, it was subsequently extended to allow the jury to find an alternative verdict of this offence on a charge of child destruction[1] or a charge of infanticide.[2]
Section 60 of the Offences against the Person Act 1861 is framed on section 14 of the Offences against the Person Act 1828 (which applied to England, including Wales and Berwick) and section 17 of the 10 Geo 4 c 34, which applied to Ireland.[3] This offence was previously created by section 4 of the Lord Ellenborough's Act (43 Geo 3 c 58) (1803). This in turn replaced "An Act to prevent the Murthering of Bastard Children" (21 Jac 1 c 27) (1623)[4] and another Act applying to Ireland, which were repealed by section 3.
The words "if any woman shall be delivered of a child, every person" were retained in section 60 after a division in the select committee of the House of Commons, and the members were equally divided upon the subject. The word "secret" was in like manner retained after a division in the committee.[3]
An offence under section 60 of the Offences against the Person Act 1861 could not be tried at Quarter Sessions.[5]
Section 31 of the Offences against the Person Act 1828 made provision in relation to any person who should counsel, aid or abet the commission of, amongst other things, a misdemeanour under section 14.
South Africa [ edit ]
In South Africa, section 113 of the General Law Amendment Act, 1935, amended by the Judicial Matters Amendment Act 66, 2008,[6] creates the offence of concealing the birth of a child:
Concealment of birth of newly born child 113. (1) Any person who, without a lawful burial order, disposes of the body of any newly born child with intent to conceal the fact of its birth, whether the child died before, during or after birth, shall be guilty of an offence and liable on conviction to a fine or to imprisonment for a period not exceeding three years. (2) A person may be convicted under subsection (1) although it has not been proved that the child in question died before its body was disposed of.
United States [ edit ]
In the United States, concealing birth was once a crime punishable by capital punishment. In 1785, Hannah Piggen from Massachusetts was the last person to be put to death for concealing the birth/death of an infant.[7]
Concealing birth remains illegal in many states. Its seriousness as a crime, however, differs from state to state, ranging from a felony in Arkansas[8] to a misdemeanor in Washington.[9]
The Jaguars used the 10th overall pick in the 2011 NFL Draft to select Missouri quarterback Blaine Gabbert, but Jacksonville's biggest star isn't convinced it was the right decision.
Maurice Jones-Drew, who has rushed for over 1,300 yards in back-to-back seasons, said Monday on "NFL Total Access" that the offense needed more time to develop, not a new face of the franchise.
"I just feel like what we needed as an offense wasn't a new quarterback, we just needed another year amongst each other because we had a lot of new players come in," Jones-Drew said. "You see a team like the Patriots or the Steelers or the Colts, those guys (have) been in the same system for the 10, 12 years together, and so that's what we're trying to grow right now."
Jones-Drew -- a fan of current Jaguars signal-caller David Garrard -- admitted they were "very shocked" that the Jags used their first pick on a QB. Jones-Drew said team officials explained to them that Garrard would benefit from competition in the same way they did back in 2007 when they unseated Byron Leftwich as starter.
Garrard has been unable to match the precision of their breakout 2007 season, but they remained a steady contributor for the Jags in 2010. In 14 games, Garrard threw for 2,734 yards and a career-high 23 touchdowns. Their 90.8 quarterback rating was their best mark since 102.2 in '07.
"They're just trying to get that competitive thing going again and, I mean, it's going to be fun to watch," Jones-Drew said. "But I know David will win. He's a fighter, that's what they do."
Jones-Drew was asked if they thought the Jaguars should bring in one of the big-name wide receivers expected to hit the market. They said the team would benefit from a lower profile player with less baggage, pointing out Terrell Owens and Plaxico Burress as players who don't fit the culture of the team.
"Plaxico, because of their circumstances, what just happened, the zoo is going to come to Jacksonville, and we don't do that," Jones-Drew said. "We're kind of laid back, low key."
Surrey RCMP is investigating, after two officers were filmed physically restraining a 16-year-old girl, as they lay crying and screaming in the street.
In an interview with Daily Hive, the teen's father, Garry Auguste said the situation began as their daughter was waiting for a bus at the Newton bus loop on Friday, April 28.
It was around 4:40 pm, they said, and they were on their way to hand in a letter of permission from their parents at their new employers, so they could begin their first ever job.
But Auguste said their daughter told them that while they were waiting for the bus, they noticed an officer making their way towards them and “stepped aside” so as not to be in theirs way.
However, their father said, the officer continued to approach them
“He was telling them they needed to take them to the mental institute, addressing them as Latoya, and saying they had a warrant for her,” Auguste said.
In response, they said, their daughter told the officer they had the wrong person, “but the officers continued to insist that they were their person,” they said.
‘It all happened so quick'
At this point, Auguste said, their daughter was “kind of scared, so they stepped back and as they did, one of the officers grabbed her.”
At the same time, a passerby took a photo of the situation and began filming as well. The video was later posted on Facebook.
“It all happened so quick,” said Auguste. “There was no mention of, ‘What's your name?' or ‘Give me your ID.' They just assumed they got the person they were looking for and took them down.”
As the video shows, their daughter screamed and cried in the street, with the two officers restraining her, until they finally convinced them to look at their ID in their bag.
At that point, said Auguste, they realized they had the wrong person, and let them go.
Filing a complaint
Auguste said their daughter then called their mom, who came with Auguste to collect them from the bus station. From there they went to the police station, “hoping to speak to a supervisor and open a complaint.”
Auguste said police attempted to question the girl, telling them they didn't need to be there.
“The officer told her, ‘Don't worry, I'm not going to charge you with anything,'” they said. “My daughter said, ‘Charge me with what? I've done nothing.'”
At that point, Auguste said, they were offered the explanation that officers had been looking for someone who matched the exact description of their daughter. They said they asked to see a picture of the person police were after, but they were unable to produce one.
Auguste said the situation was made more stressful by the fact that neither he, their daughter nor their wife had ever had any interaction with police before.
“It was a stressful evening after that,” they said. In the wake of the incident, they and their wife took their daughter to get checked at the hospital, “because their hand was bruised and swollen.”
Auguste has now launched a formal complaint against the Surrey detachment for their handling of the incident.
They said the whole incident had a hugely negative impact on their daughter.
Auguste explained how excited their daughter was excited to start their first job, how they had “dressed up” and was happy.
But when they picked them up after the ordeal, “she looked really, really down. Them clothes were messy, their face was tired and it was a different look.”
Seeking a public apology
The next day, Auguste recalled, “an RCMP officer came to the house to apologize and explain that they were investigating the incident.”
However, the teen's father said, the whole situation is very upsetting and they would like to see more done.
“We're asking them to publicly apologize because they did nothing wrong and they detained them for no reason,” they said.
They said the ordeal has also compromised their family's trust in the Surrey RCMP. They say they don't know if residents of Surrey should feel safe anymore when approached by an officer.
Auguste said he's concerned about letting their daughter even do things like walk to school, lest they be mistaken for the wrong person by police again.
‘A case of mistaken identity'
In a release, police called the incident a “case of mistaken identity.”
Officers were apparently looking for someone wanted on an arrest warrant under the Mental Health Act.
Police say after they checked their identity and learned the 16-year-old they apprehended was not in fact the person they were looking for, they were released.
According to the release, senior investigators have met with the girl's family and continue to be in contact with them. Auguste confirmed this.
“It is extremely unfortunate that this situation occurred and we are certainly mindful of their young age and how upsetting this was for them and their family,” said Supt. Ed Boettcher.
“I can assure you that we have resources dedicated to investigating this incident and we are gathering information to address all of their concerns.”
(Foto: Justin Sullivan / Getty Images)
A Organização dos Países Exportadores de Petróleo (Opep) quintuplicou sua projeção de vendas de veículos elétricos, e várias produtoras de petróleo, como Exxon Mobil e BP, também elevaram suas perspectivas nos últimos 12 meses, segundo um estudo da Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF). A empresa de pesquisa com sede em Londres projeta que esses carros vão diminuir a demanda por petróleo em 8 milhões de barris até 2040, mais do que a produção atual do Irã e do Iraque juntos.
A crescente popularidade dos veículos elétricos aumenta o risco de estagnação da demanda por petróleo nas próximas décadas, o que põe em dúvida os mais de US$ 700 bilhões investidos anualmente nos setores de combustíveis fósseis. Embora a perspectiva dos produtores de petróleo não seja nem de perto tão agressiva como a da BNEF, os números indicam uma aceleração na quantidade provável de veículos elétricos na frota global.
“O número de veículos elétricos nas ruas trará grandes consequências para fabricantes de veículos, petroleiras, concessionárias de energia elétrica e outros”, afirmou Colin McKerracher, diretor de análise de transportes avançados da BNEF em Londres, em uma nota a clientes. “Existe uma divergência significativa quanto à velocidade da adoção, e as opiniões estão mudando rapidamente.”
Projeções
A BNEF projeta que as vendas de carros elétricos vão superar as de modelos a gasolina e diesel em 2040, o que refletiria um rápido declínio no custo das unidades de baterias de íon de lítio que armazenam a eletricidade para os veículos. A empresa projeta que haverá 530 milhões de carros elétricos nas ruas em 2040, um terço do total de carros no mundo.
A Opep aumentou sua projeção para a frota de veículos elétricos em 2040, de 46 milhões um ano atrás para 266 milhões. Segundo a nova projeção, carros a bateria representarão 12 por cento do mercado daqui a 23 anos, frente a 2 por cento na projeção de 2015. O grupo que representa 14 países e tem sede em Viena projeta metade do número de veículos a diesel que havia projetado um ano atrás.
Apenas uma pequena parte dos carros vendidos hoje no mundo usa bateria em vez de gasolina. Cada vez mais analistas afirmam que o mercado se expandirá rapidamente, porque quase todas as grandes fabricantes de veículos estão lançando dezenas de novos modelos elétricos no mercado. Em seu relatório de quarta-feira sobre o mercado de petróleo, a Opep afirmou que as metas de venda de veículos elétricos poderiam esfriar a demanda em algumas partes da Ásia já em 2018.
Contudo, embora tenham elevado a perspectiva, as grandes petroleiras continuam muito menos otimistas que as fabricantes de veículos. As maiores fabricantes de carros do mundo têm planos para vender ao to-do 6 milhões de veículos elétricos por ano até 2025 e 8 milhões até 2030, segundo a Bloomberg New Energy Finance.
“Petroleiras e fabricantes de carros estão afirmando coisas diferentes”, disse McKerracher, o analista da BNEF. “É uma pergunta de um trilhão de dólares, e alguém vai estar errado.”
IN THE crumbling Muslim quarter of Lucknow, the capital of Uttar Pradesh, India's most populous state, a man with white beard and lilac kurta pyjamas weaves briskly through the alleys. Ahmadullah does not want to be seen at home talking to strangers, but agrees to meet in a nearby park.  They are not, they say, ashamed of their job, but they do not want nosy neighbours discovering their profession. “People do not look with a very good view on it,” they say, “and they would want to come and gawk at me, a hangman.”
With a gentle smile they recall that in 1965, when they took over from their father as Lucknow's chief executioner, the state paid 25 rupees ($5 in those days) a hanging, on top of a salary. They think they have conducted 40 in all, being called to work in Delhi, Assam and Madhya Pradesh in the years when India's judges—and politicians—had few qualms seeing the death sentence carried out.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Today, though still on the books and paid monthly, they are idle. They say they last hanged a man over two decades ago: an insurgent in Assam, who had kidnapped and killed a child. (The rate per execution had, by then, risen to 10,000 rupees.) Though the death sentence is frequently passed on defendants, its use is extremely unusual since a Supreme Court order, in 1983, reserved it for the “rarest of rare” cases. A single hanging has taken place in India in the past 17 years.
Led by retired judges and the Hindu newspaper, a campaign is under way to remove it altogether from the statute books. The issue flares into mainstream debate only when prominent killers—such as Ajmal Kasab, the surviving attacker among a group of Islamists who carried out a massacre in Mumbai in November 2008—appear to be heading to the gallows. Mr Kasab's latest appeal against their execution went before the Supreme Court late in January, but is likely to march on for years yet.
Ahmadullah favours the penalty, though they talk of the harrowing execution of three brothers convicted of murder, one of whom pleaded their innocence—convincingly, Ahmadullah says—to their anguished last breath. Otherwise the hangman talks with pride of their professionalism, ensuring as quick and painless a death as possible: “he drops dead, not even alive when they drop, this is my speciality.”
Yet they see no future in it. British rulers ordered “so many murders”, they say, “my father was unable to sit, they were always called for a hanging”. Today there is nothing to do. Though they would work again, if ordered, they expect not to. Nor do they wish to see their son continue in the family business. “I will be the last of the hangmen.”
Madhya Pradesh chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan had hastily ordered the appointment of Malay Rai, the then chief of the tainted Professional Examination Board (PEB), as a state finance commission member over phone from South Africa even though the latter was at the centre of the raging Vyapam scandal, an RTI query has revealed.
According to RTI papers obtained by Vyapam scam whistleblower Ajay Dubey, the chief minister had ordered Rai's nomination over phone while they were in South Africa to invite business people and industrialists for a summit in their state. Rai's appointment papers were signed by Chouhan on their return. The papers are in HT's possession.
Rai was chairperson of the MP professional examination board, or Vyapam, in 2009-10, and the order (dated June 6, 2014) was issued even as the Vyapam scam was being investigated.
Talking to HT, Dubey said it was curious that chief minister had to make Rai's appointment in finance commission over phone.
"What was the hurry? Who was pressuring the chief minister? Since it happened at the same time when former minister Laxmikant Sharma was arrested, such questions are natural," they said.
Dubey added that Rai was never given a clean chit in the PEB scam.
Watch: The A to Z of the Vyapam scam
The Chouhan government is under pressure following mysterious deaths of accused and witnesses in the examination scandal. Faced with the pressure of an unrelenting opposition, Chouhan requested the Supreme Court to order a CBI probe into the scandal -- in line with the Opposition demand. The central agency has taken up the probe, and registered two cases on Wednesday.More than 2,000 people have been arrested in connection with the scam since it came to light in 2013, and as many as 40 people with links to the scam have died mysteriously.Many politicians, bureaucrats and middlemen are said to be involved in the scam which, according to police, involved scamsters employing imposters to write tests conducted by the MPPEB for admission to professional courses and recruitment in government jobs.The scamsters also supplied forged answer sheets by bribing officials between 2012 and 2013.
Read:Aides 'examine' Vyapam evidence to prepare CM Chouhan's defence
CBI files first two FIRs in MP's Vyapam scam
First Published: Jul 15, 2015 19:33 IST
Cell phone footage emerges of passenger brawl onboard Oakland-bound Southwest flight
A brutal fist-fight erupted between passengers onboard an Oakland-bound Southwest flight on Sunday, and video footage of the incident posted on Twitter Monday is going viral.
The brawl began when Flight 2530 originating in Dallas touched down for a stop-over in Burbank.
The 22-second video clip shows two men wrestling before one gains the upper-hand and starts hitting the other with their fists. Another passenger and flight attendant intervened and eventually pulled away the man throwing punches.
Burbank police arrested one of the suspects identified as Chaze Mickalo Cable, 37, of Lancaster, Calif. Cable was charged with assault and battery and is being held on $50,000 bail, according to ABC.
RELATED GALLERY: The top airlines of 2017
Airline Quality Rating uses mishandled baggage, consumer complaint, on-time performance and involuntary denied boarding data to formulate annual ratings for airlines. AQR found that the industry improved overall in 2016 over the previous year. >>Click through the photos to see airlines ranked by overall score less Airline Quality Rating uses mishandled baggage, consumer complaint, on-time performance and involuntary denied boarding data to formulate annual ratings for airlines. AQR found that the industry improved overall ... more Photo: FStop Images - Stephan Zirwes/Getty Images Photo: FStop Images - Stephan Zirwes/Getty Images Image 1 of / 14 Caption Close Cell phone footage emerges of passenger brawl onboard Oakland-bound Southwest flight 1 / 14 Back to Gallery
One passenger suffered minor injuries and was able to continue on the flight.
Southwest Airlines noted in a statement that three passengers were involved in the incident and thanked its employees' quick response in a statement: "Our Employees are our everyday heroes and are trained to de-escalate conflict while delivering heartfelt Hospitality on nearly 4000 flights to nearly the half-million Customers who fly Southwest every day."
It's unknown what instigated the altercation.
This story comes at a time when the airline industry is under scrutiny for several negative incidents that have recently surfaced in the media. Last month, a man was dragged off their overbooked United Airlines flight in a disturbing scene that was caught on video by other passengers and quickly went viral.
NCAA Division I Baseball -- Pseudo-RPI's
These are not the official RPI's, but they are intended to match them almost exactly. The differences are that I don't track tie games, and that I can't always tell what will be called a neutral-site game versus an off-site home game for one team.
Last updated: Sat Jun 30 05:06:49 2018
If you're interested in reprinting this or any other Boyd's World material for your publication or Web site, please read the reprint policy and contact me
A secret meeting has been held between former Fatah official Mohamed Dahlan and the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia, Mohammad Bin Salman, Palestinian sources revealed to Quds Net News on Tuesday. The meeting in Riyadh was apparently organised by Mohamed Bin Zayid, the Crown Prince and effective ruler of Abu Dhabi.
The agenda is said to have included the latest developments in the Palestinian issue, the reconciliation between Fatah and Hamas and the Saudi demand to make core changes in the Palestinian Authority in Ramallah.
According to the sources, the PA had reservations about the meeting once it became known what was discussed between Dahlan and Bin Salman. It described the get-together as an attempt to undermine the legitimate Palestinian leadership.
“The two men agreed to reinforce their relations in the near future,” explained the anonymous sources, “in order to rearrange the internal Palestinian situation and to reform the PA based on the new vision of the Saudi Prince and the series of changes they have been carrying out at the domestic and regional levels.”
When asked about alleged Saudi efforts to bring Dahlan and PA President Mahmoud Abbas together, sources close to Dahlan refused to confirm such moves. They pointed to an exchange of opinions in the light of the dismissed Fatah leader's readiness to return to Ramallah.
Read: Saudi journalist praises Palestinians and sends message to Dahlan
Junior Solheim Cup Central | Results
DES MOINES, Iowa – The United States Junior Solheim Cup Team, featuring incoming Texas first-year student golfer Kaitlyn Papp , claimed its fifth consecutive victory in the Junior Solheim Cup on Wednesday at the Des Moines Golf and Country Club in Des Moines, Iowa, with a 14.5-9.5 victory over Team Europe.
The United States currently leads the series with a 6-2-1 record in the biennial event that began in 2002 and features the 12 best female amateur junior golfers from Europe and the United States aged 18 and younger.
Papp has been a member of five USA teams in their career, all five of which were winning squads. This was their second appearance at the Junior Solheim Cup, while they have participated in two Toyota World Junior Championships and one junior Ryder Cup team.
Papp contributed to two of the United States' 14.5 points at the 2017 Junior Solheim Cup. On Tuesday morning, Papp and teammate Brooke Seay defeated Europe's Alessandra Fanali and Alessia Nobilio, 2 and 1. In a foursome match that began on Tuesday and was continued on Wednesday, Europe's Linn Grant and Amanda Linner defeated Papp and teammate Alyaa Abdulghany 1 up. Tuesday's schedule was altered after a weather delay in the afternoon that forced many of the foursome matches to be delayed due to darkness in the evening.
In Wednesday's singles match, Papp defeated Europe's Mathilde Claisse 6 and 5, as the United States dominated the singles matches 8.5-3.5.
Papp, who is a four-time Rolex Junior All-American, was the Golfweek/Sagarin No. 4 recruit in 2017 and will begin their collegiate career with the Longhorns this fall. Papp was a member of the winning 2016 U.S. Women's Amateur Four-Ball Championship duo. They have recorded three AJGA victories and has posted 25 top-10 AJGA career finishes. Papp has competed in four Wyndham Cup events as a member of the West Team and was a member of the 2016 U.S. Junior Ryder Cup team.
2017 JUNIOR SOLHEIM CUP RESULTS
Team Four-Ball Matches Foursome Matches Singles Matches Total Team USA 3.0 3.0 8.50 14.50 Team Europe 3.0 3.0 3.50 9.50
KAITLYN PAPP'S RESULTS AT 2017 JUNIOR SOLHEIM CUP
Four-Ball Match
Kaitlyn Papp and Brooke Seay (USA) def. Alessandra Fanali and Alessia Nobilio (Europe) – 2 and 1
Foursome Match
Linn Grant and Amanda Linner (Europe) def. Kaitlyn Papp and Alyaa Abdulghany (USA) – 1 up
Buy Photo Presidential candidate Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders at their campaign headquarters in Burlington on Nov. 2. (Photo: GLENN RUSSELL/FREE PRESS)Buy Photo
Editor's note: The Burlington Free Press sat down for a conversation with Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., on Nov. 1 at their campaign headquarters in Burlington about their run for the Democratic nomination for president. The following are excerpts from the conversation.
Running for president: What you realize it that you are simultaneously running campaigns in Iowa, New Hampshire, I just got off the phone with our South California director, scheduler for South Carolina and Nevada, we're setting up offices in many other states in America, so in a sense you are simultaneously putting together campaign organizations in a number of states when previously I've been involved in one state, a small state, a state I know very well. That's pretty complicated stuff.
Courting African American voters: I'm running against a candidate who ran for president in 2008, so they have already established a number of relationships all over the country including the African American community and the Latino community. They also, as you may know, has a husband who used to be president of the United States, and they in their network, their campaigns established a lot of networks and is infact very popular in the African American community…. We started from zero. We are making a start, but I would be not honest with you you if i didn't say we are starting quite far where Hillary Clinton is and we've got a lot of work to do.
Rallies vs. votes: The challenge is not just to bring people out to meetings, or to gain media attention, the challenge is to get these people to vote. And we're spending a lot of energy to make that happen in a fairly sophisticated way. We have been very impressed with our ground organization in both Iowa and New Hampshire. We have a strong grassroots organization, we have many thousands of volunteers in both Iowa and in New Hampshire Nevada and South Carolina.
Lessons from last debate: We have to pay more attention now to differentiating our point of view on major issues from Hillary Clinton, and that you are going to see. Hillary Clinton I like and I respect. I've known them for 25 years. But they and I have very different points of view on a number of issues and how we came to our point of view and when we came to our point of view is something I think voters in the Democratic primary process should know about and they will know about.
Super PACs: If Hillary Clinton's Super PACs start attacking us, maybe they will, maybe they won't, I don't know, we will deal with that accordingly. But we will also inform the American people what a Super PAC is and where Hillary Clinton's money is coming from. I hope we don't have to move in that direction and respond to Super PAC attacks, but if that happens, that happens. But I think it's important to know who is funding those Super PACs.
Significance of voter turnout: If I win, by the way, that will mean there's a very large voter turnout, that's how I will win, and I suspect the Democrats will recapture the Senate and hopefully the House…. What I'm trying to do now with young people, with working class people, with low income people, with middle class people, is to say, you know what, United States government is your government. And they're going to have to start representing you and not just the billionaires. but to do that you're going to have to be involved in an unprecedented way. If we are successful in doing that, we will be able to bring about change. if we're not, we will not.
Obama's use of executive orders: We have had more obstructionism to a president than at any time in American history under Obama. They finally learned that lesson. And they finally learned that it was a waste of time to sit down and negotiate, negotiate, when it was clear that among other things the Republicans would never raise taxes by a nickel on the wealthiest people in this country. They would not deal seriously with the crisis of climate change, not about to raise the minimum wage, not about to do pay equity, and what they and their lawyers have done is researched what they could do ...in terms of what they could do utilizing the powers that they had under executive orders. Would I do that? Absolutely.
Join the conversation online at BurlingtonFreePress.com or send a letter to the editor to letters@freepressmedia.com. Contact Aki Soga at asoga@freepressmedia.com. Follow them on Twitter at @asoga.
Online video
To see the video for the full Free Press interview with Sen. Bernie Sanders, go to: http://www.burlingtonfreepress.com/videos/news/2015/11/05/75073216/
Read or Share this story: http://bfpne.ws/1iIn2sm
Krave Jerky has recalled its Garlic Chili Pepper product due to safety concerns. This is a photo of the product from Krave Jerky's website.
Krave Jerky has issued a recall for its Garlic Chili Pepper Beef Jerky following safety concerns with the project, according to the Monterey County Health Department.
That variety of beef jerky may contain impacted product from the Rancho Feeding Corporation recall, county health officials said.
The affected product is Krave Garlic Chili Pepper Beef Jerky 3.25 oz, UPC 55002 00306 and will bear an establishment mark of EST 18951, according to county health officials.
No other Krave products have been affected by the recall.
The product was distributed nationwide through retail establishments and online. Customers with questions may call the company at 877-268-1150.
Rancho Feeding Corporation earlier this year recalled about 8,742,700 pounds of meat products because it processed diseased and unsound animals without proper federal inspection.
Beef carcasses and boxes from the Rancho Feeding Corporation recall bear the establishment No. "EST. 527" inside the USDA mark of inspection. Each box bears the case code number ending in "3" or "4."
The products were produced Jan. 1, 2013, through Jan. 7, 2014, and shipped to distribution centers and retail establishments nationwide.
The U.S. Department of Agriculture's Food Safety and Inspection Service has received no reports of illness due to consumption of these products. Anyone concerned about an illness should contact a health provider.
Copyright Bay City News
AMD release RX 400 series Polaris info
AMD release RX 400 series Polaris info
| Source: AMD Radeon Technologies Group Author: Mark Campbell
AMD release RX 400 series Polaris info
We all know that AMD's Polaris GPUs are not designed for the high-end enthusiast market, they are designed for the average gamer, a person who cannot afford to spend £400 on a single GPU and wants to own a system that can provide some decent performance while not being a huge burden on their electric bill.
The VR age is starting, but right now VR is limited to only the top 1% of PCs, AMD is looking to change that and bring VR ready performance at affordable prices that even the average PC gamer can afford.
The below images come directly from AMD, who provided us with them in a press deck earlier today.
The low end of the GPU market makes up the majority of sales and AMD wants to create their first 14nm products for these users, whether they are using desktops or mobile PCs.
On mobile AMD wants to deliver console levels of performance while on desktop PC they want to provide VR ready performance at affordable prices and with the lowest levels of power consumption possible.
With Polaris AMD wants to tap into the mobile market and into the delivery great value for money for desktop PC gamers, securing themselves additional market share while delivering products that consumers want.
AMD has been designing two different Polaris chips, both of which are rather small die sizes and are designed to offer a lot of gaming performance. The first chip is Polaris 10, which has 36 compute units and offers more than 5 TFLOPS of compute performance, delivering a VR ready experience with a low power draw.
The second AMD chip is Polaris 11, a smaller design that offers more compute power than both of the current generation consoles.
AMD states that these GPUs offers 2.8X the performance per watt of their predecessors but over the past few weeks many of us have wondered how these numbers were calculated, now we know how thanks to the endnotes on AMD press deck.
The Polaris 11 number is taken from the respective scores from 3DMARK 11 and 3DMARK Firestrike, comparing a mobile system with an Intel i7-4600M CPU with either an R9 M280X or an RX 480M. The R9 M280X scored 5700 and 3500 with a total board power of 82W while the RX 480M system scored 7200 and 4070 with a board power of 35W.
The Polaris 10 number was calculated when the performance of two identical systems with either an R9 270X and RX 470 are compared. The R9 270W drew 180W of power while the RX 470 drew 110W.
Both GPUs were tested in Ashes of the Singularity and Hitman at high settings, where the R9 270X achieved 28.1FPS in Ashes and 27.6 in Hitman while the RX 470 achieved 46FPS in ashes and 60FPS in Hitman.
AMD's Polaris Lineup will be made up of 3 new desktop GPUs, the RX 480, the RX 470 and RX 460, with the RX 480 being designed for VR performance, the RX 470 for 1080p gaming and the RX 460 being designed to deliver console levels of GPU performance.
Above is some performance data for AMD's upcoming RX 480, with the GPU delivering VR ready levels of performance and 75% more performance than their R9 380 GPU when using Valve's SteamVR performance test.
Polaris is set to be a huge launch for AMD, targeting mainstream PC gamers and the mobile market. Hopefully, AMD can deliver on their performance promises, as if leaked performance is to be believed, AMD may be onto a winner.
You can join the discussion on AMD's Polaris Architecture on the OC3D Forums.
1 - AMD release RX 400 series Polaris info «Prev 1 Next»
Most Recent Comments
How To Keep A Mars Tumbleweed Rover Moving On Rocky Terrain
by Staff Writers
Raleigh NC (SPX) May 24, 2012
New research from North Carolina State University shows that a wind-driven "tumbleweed" Mars rover would be capable of moving across rocky Martian terrain - findings that could also help the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) design the best possible vehicle.
"There is quite a bit of interest within NASA to pursue the tumbleweed rover design, but one of the questions regarding the concept is how it might perform on the rocky surface of Mars," says Dr. Andre Mazzoleni, an associate professor of mechanical and aerospace engineering (MAE) at NC State and co-author of a paper describing the research. "We set out to address that question."
Mazzoleni and Dr. Alexander Hartl, an adjunct professor of MAE at NC State, developed a computer model to determine how varying the diameter and mass of a tumbleweed rover would affect its speed and ability to avoid getting stuck in Martian rock fields. Rock fields are common on the surface of Mars, which averages one rock per square meter.
"We found that, in general, the larger the diameter, and the lower the overall weight, the better the rover performs," Mazzoleni says. In addition, the study found that a tumbleweed rover would need to have a diameter of at least six meters in order to achieve an acceptable level of performance - meaning the rover could move through rock fields without getting stuck.
Using the model, the researchers also found that tumbleweed rovers are more likely to bounce than roll across the surface, due to the spacing of the rocks and the size of the rovers.
"Computer simulations are crucial for designing Mars rovers because the only place where you find Martian conditions is on Mars," says Mazzoleni. "Earth-based testing alone cannot establish whether a particular design will work on Mars."
Mars has approximately three-eighths of Earth's gravity. And the atmospheric density on the surface of Mars is only duplicated around 100,000 feet above the Earth's surface.
Tumbleweed rovers are attractive because they can cover much larger distances, and handle rougher terrain, than the rovers that have already been sent to Mars - such as Spirit and Opportunity. "This model is a tool NASA can use to assess the viability of different designs before devoting the time and expense necessary to build prototypes," Mazzoleni says.
While tumbleweed rovers would lack the precise controls of the wheeled rovers, they would also not rely on a power supply for mobility - they would be literally blown across the Martian landscape by the wind.
The paper, "Terrain Modeling and Simulation of a Tumbleweed Rover Traversing Martian Rock Fields," is published in the March/April issue of the Journal of Spacecraft and Rockets. Hartl is lead author. The research was supported in part by North Carolina Space Grant and NASA.
Hello Summer!!
“Some of the best memories are made in flip flops.”― Kellie Elmore
Things are heating up with the Live Spot Summer Sale! Get up to 25% off your order today! Stock is limited so come get yours quick.
Are you a true fencing enthusiast? Answer a question right, get a big surprise! Get your fencing lame savers today!
The Zagunis Review!
With Live Spot's continued exposure within the fencing community, we've had the opportunity to speak with Cathy Zagunis (US Fencing's Saber Squad Manager) who recently used Live Spot at the World Cup in Athens to help fencers including gold medalist Mariel Zagunis, pass FIE's strict lame standards. They were kind enough to offer some comments and feedback on the product, which prompted us to reach out to the wider audience. For those who've had a chance to try the product out, how have you liked it? What worked well and didn't? How can we make the product better? Your thoughts and comments are greatly appreciated, please send via email to fencer@live-spot.net
Some feedback from Cathy below!
Glad I had them along at the World Cup in Athens last weekend. The weapons check personnel were very exact in testing lames and many failed. I used all the samples you sent me sharing with fencers from many countries. They were so happy to have their lames pass and amazed that your product was so easy to apply with no sewing! I now ordered more to have with me at all times. Thank you for your innovation!
Daria Schneider used a small patch under their arm pit. It held up fine thru pools and their DE on day 2 but then fell off in their luggage on the way home. As a note in their case, they first rubbed the area with a wet paper towel to hopefully increase conductivity to pass but it did not pass so the lame was still damp when they applied it.
Mariel Zagunis‘ lame was one that didn't pass under the armpit! They had a new spare lame but wanted to wear their lucky one and glad they DID wear the lucky one that day! …Although it held up fine through the competition, when they got home it had turned green and actually leached the green onto their lame. It is in the arm pit so I am sure it is a result of sweating but it is interesting that your product is more sensitive to the oxidation.
Happy to support this great product. Thanks again for developing this great product!
What is Live Spot?
Live Spot is a conductive sticker designed to easily patch up non-conductive areas (“dead spots”) that commonly occur on fencing lames. Live Spot is durable, flexible, and the simplest solution to dead spot repair.
Durable, flexible, waterproof, sticky! After several hours of heavy bouting, Live Spot is still holding up perfectly fine. The adhesive has not peeled from sweat or movement, and hits have not penetrated the conductive surface. The lame was also machine washed to confirm durability.
But there's more…! Live Spot also works perfectly on silky lames such as the Leon Paul Ultralights!
Live Spot is also a perfect fix for dead spots on mask bibs! The sticker is flexible enough to easily contour to the ridges of the bib without falling off.
Also a quick fix for a rusted tab where the mask cord attaches!
Order your Live Spot today! Quantities limited!
To understand the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. one should first look to their Christian faith, which gave them the language, spiritual strength and community to fuel and sustain their singular efforts for justice, peace and freedom.
Faith was at the center of their life.
However, as we honor the legacy of Martin Luther King Jr. it is worthwhile to consider the kind of faith King embodied. Because there isn't just one kind of Christian; and not all faith leaders lead towards freedom.
As King themselves wrote:
"On sweltering summer days and crisp autumn mornings I have looked at the South's beautiful churches with their lofty spires pointing heavenward. Over and over I have found myself asking: 'What kind of people worship here? Who is their God?'"
It is crucial to remember the sad truth that, while there were some Christians who supported King and their monumental efforts towards civil rights, against poverty, and for peace, there were many, many other Christians who either actively opposed their work or sat silently on the sidelines.
Martin Luther King Jr. was a certain kind of Christian with a family background, education, and life experience that led them to embody the prophetic tradition of Christian faith. On the MLK holiday, many Christians may pay lip service to their ideas but fail to embrace MLK's vision in their own faith practice.
I recently re-read King's "Letter From a Birmingham Jail," which, if you haven't read, or if it has been a while, stop reading this and read that most excellent piece of Christian prophetic theology right now.
The letter was written by King after they had been jailed for peaceful demonstrations in response to eight upstanding white pastors who had publicly chided them for disturbing the peace in a local newspaper. "Letter From a Birmingham Jail" demonstrates that not all Christian approaches are equal. It reminds us that still today, we need the kind of faith professed and lived out by Martin Luther KIng Jr. if we are going to create a more just and loving society.
So, if you would like to be sure your faith is part of the Christian legacy embodied by Martin Luther King Jr., here are seven questions to consider (these questions would work for other faith traditions as well):
Does your faith encourage an active and prophetic stance towards creating justice in this world; or does it explicitly or implicitly encourage a complacency towards inequality here on earth with the idea that faith is more spiritual than social and that it will all work out in the afterlife?
In the midst of a mighty struggle to rid our nation of racial and economic injustice, "I have heard many ministers say: "Those are social issues, with which the gospel has no real concern." And I have watched many churches commit themselves to a completely other worldly religion which makes a strange, un-Biblical distinction between body and soul, between the sacred and the secular." -"Letter From a Birmingham Jail"
Does your faith affirm the fundamental dignity and worth of all people and reject any claims of superiority, ether explicit or implicit, based on identities including race, religion, sexuality, gender, class or nationality?
"I have a dream that one day this nation will rise up and live out the true meaning of its creed: 'We hold these truths to be self-evident: that all men are created equal." -"I Have a Dream"
Does your faith encourage critical examination of the context and deeper meanings of teachings and scriptures and is it open to continued revelation of eternal truths that come with new knowledge, instead of a fundamentalism that idolizes the past?
"My days in college were very exciting ones. As stated above, my college training, especially the first two years, brought many doubts into my mind. It was at this period that the shackles of fundamentalism were removed from my body. This is why, when I came to Crozer, I could accept the liberal interpretation with relative ease." -"An Autobiography of Religious Development"
Does your faith promote non-violence, and believe that war is only to be used as a last choice or not at all? Does your faith confronts and rejects any teachings that might cause anyone to act with violence or incite rage or hatred towards others?
"Civilization and violence are antithetical concepts. Negroes of the United States, following the people of India, have demonstrated that nonviolence is not sterile passivity, but a powerful moral force which makes for social transformation." -Acceptance speech at Nobel Peace Prize ceremony
Does your faith further interfaith cooperation and empower your ability to feel compassion for the suffering of those who are different from you and see the wider interconnected responsibility of the human family instead of caring only about and for those in your immediate group?
"And when this happens, and when we allow freedom ring, when we let it ring from every village and every hamlet, from every state and every city, we will be able to speed up that day when all of God's children, black men and white men, Jews and Gentiles, Protestants and Catholics, will be able to join hands and sing in the words of the old Negro spiritual: Free at last! Free at last! Thank God Almighty, we are free at last!" -"I Have a Dream"
Does your faith promote social justice and equality as well as individual charity as both integral parts of the Gospel?
"A true revolution of values will soon cause us to question the fairness and justice of many of our past and present policies. On the one hand, we are called to play the Good Samaritan on life's roadside, but that will be only an initial act. One day we must come to see that the whole Jericho Road must be transformed so that men and women will not be constantly beaten and robbed as they make their journey on life's highway. True compassion is more than flinging a coin to a beggar. It comes to see that an edifice which produces beggar needs restructuring." -"Beyond Vietnam -- A Time to Break Silence"
Is your faith grounded first and foremost in love, and do you believe that love, not dogma or judgment, is the defining characteristic of God?
"Now there is a final reason I think that Jesus says, "Love your enemies." It is this: that love has within it a redemptive power. And there is a power there that eventually transforms individuals. That's why Jesus says, "Love your enemies." Because if you hate your enemies, you have no way to redeem and to transform your enemies. But if you love your enemies, you will discover that at the very root of love is the power of redemption. " -"Loving Your Enemies"
Europe's far-right parties are due to take part in an ‘International Russian Conservative Forum' whose organizers hope to find ‘allies in Europe' among far-right and neo-Nazi politicians who will support Russia's ‘conflict with Ukraine' and seek to get sanctions removed.
Leading members of many of Europe's far-right parties are about to descend on a Russian conference aimed at creating a pan-European movement “that will uphold traditional values” and “lobby Russia's interests”. According to Kommersant, its organizers hope to find ‘allies in Europe' among far-right and neo-Nazi politicians who will support Russia's ‘conflict with Ukraine' and seek to get sanctions removed.
St. Petersburg opposition politician Boris Vishnevsky notes that this gathering of nationalists and neo-Nazis from all over Europe is taking place in the run-up to the seventieth anniversary of victory over Nazi Germany. This is not the only irony, of course. Over the last year and more Russia has persistently enlisted the aid of fascist and neo-Nazi groups and parties to support its aggression against Ukraine while claiming that it is fighting a ‘fascist regime' in Ukraine. A considerable number of the former and current leaders or prominent figures in the so-called Donetsk and Luhansk ‘people's republics', like Ukrainian Pavel Gubarev, Russian Alexei Milchakov; Alexander Borodai and Alexander Proselkov, and very many others have or had strong ties to far-right or neo-Nazi Russian organizations.
The ‘International Russian Conservative Forum' in St. Petersburg on March 22 has been organized by the Rodina Party, described by far-right researcher Anton Shekhovtsov as fascist and headed by Russia's Deputy Prime Minister, Dmitry Rogozin. The Forum's website begins with a long quote from Russian President Vladimir Putin's address at the Valdai Club in which the former KGB officer says that “many Euro-Atlantic countries have effectively rejected their roots, including the Christian values forming the basis of western civilization”.
The Forum's ‘mission' includes developing “a new concept for humanity's development as a response to the liberal-trans-national ideology destroying it” and “integrating the possibilities of political and civic conservative organizations of Europe and Russia in conditions of destructive instability and economic sanctions”.
Conservative or fascist?
11 parties, some with deputies in the European Parliament, will be represented, many by their leaders. The parties are all far-right, some with neo-Nazi leanings and, as Vishnevsky points out, can all be relied on to support Putin on the international stage. They include Greece's Golden Dawn party; the National-Democratic Party of Germany [NPD]; Austria's Freedom Party; the British National Party* ; Italy's New Force [Forza Nuova) with its leader Roberto Fiore expected; the Party of the Swedes; and others. Kommersant notes that Marine Le Pen from France's National Front has decided not to go, and believes this is out of fear of damaging their reputation before regional elections taking place at the weekend. Certainly a change of heart need not be suspected with Le Pen having come out strongly in support of Russia's annexation of Crimea and Putin generally, and their party having received a hefty loan from a Russian bank in 2014.
Fiore is described by Vishnevsky as a far-right politician, a nationalist and Catholic traditionalist who represents the conservative direction in neo-fascism, though calls themselves a fascist. Their party has been strongly behind Russia's annexation of Crimea and position, as Vishnevsky puts it, on the “Ukrainian question”.
Theirs was one of the far-right and neo-Nazi parties that descended on Yalta in August last year to discuss “the fight against the fascist junta in Kyiv”.
Udo Voigt from NPD is a far-right politician and currently a deputy at the European Parliament. “He doesn't conceal their anti-Semitic and xenophobic views and has frequently faced administrative and criminal liability for inciting rebellion and other offences”. They gained notoriety, for example, by claiming that the figure of 6 million killed in the Holocaust is exaggerated, and that the real figures was 340 thousand. Their stated profound respect for the soldiers of the Wehrmacht, Luftwaffe, etc. and for the SS “who to the last day fulfilled their duty” earned them a 10 month suspended sentence in Germany and makes their presence in St. Petersburg as Victory Day approaches especially inappropriate.
Vishnevsky points out that the description of Golden Dawn as neo-Nazi and neo-fascist is also no exaggeration. Their statute allows only “Arians by blood and Greeks by origin” to be members of their party. Their emblem is a stylized swastika and their members openly admire Adolf Hitler. Both the Swedish and Danish parties are neo-Nazi and national-socialist.
Siniore Gierre from Italy is described as a member of the ‘Movement for Donbas' who strongly supports the ‘fighters of Novorossiya' and is trying to “get their voice heard by people in Europe”.  They are convinced that “NATO is threatening Russia and has already invaded Europe”.
Alexander Kofman, so-called foreign minister of the self-proclaimed and Kremlin-backed and armed ‘Donetsk people's republics' will also be present.
Kofman and this “mixture of neo-Nazis, nationalists and anti-Semites” will be meeting on Sunday with Russian defenders of “traditional values” a la Putin and demonstrating just how Russia is lobbying its interests in Europe.
* Nick Griffin is mentioned as leader of the BNP, although they were removed as leader in 2014)
Australian TV drama expenditure has increased by 27% in the last year, according to a Screen Australia report released today, accounting for 50% of the A$752 million spent on big and small screen drama in 2012/13. But could we say this corresponds with significantly better home-grown drama? I'd say the signs are extremely positive.
Next week, the second series of the prize-winning ABC drama Redfern Now, goes to air. Drawing together some of the leading lights of Indigenous TV production, Redfern Now will be screened in an environment of renewed optimism about Australian television. Critics loved the first series, and it won an audience-voted 2013 Logie for most outstanding drama in April.
It's not the only Australian show enjoying critical and commercial acclaim both here and overseas. So what's driving the current swathe of quality Australian TV drama?
Indigenous stories
At the 2013 AFI Australian Academy of Cinema and Television Arts Awards in January, Indigenous practitioners scooped the pool. Redfern Now, which explores the lives of six households in the Sydney suburb of Redfern, was nominated in five categories and Wayne Blair's film, The Sapphires, about an Indigenous girl-group entertaining American troops in Vietnam in the late 1960s, won the award for best film.
Since the early 2000s, there has been a suite of successes in Indigenous screen stories, including Mabo, The Straits, The Circuit and First Australians, culminating in Redfern Now - and The Sapphires on the big screen.
As Indigenous scholar Marcia Langton has observed (invoking Allen Ginsberg), Indigenous people “recognise the power of visual media not only for their own communities, but also for changing the consciousness of the nations that encompass them”.
Indigenous writers, producers and directors have seized the opportunity to tell their own stories. And those stories are prompting all Australians to rethink our history and to better understand ourselves as a bi-cultural nation.
Female stories
In March this year, Jane Campion's Top of the Lake launched on Foxtel in Australia. The show, a murder mystery set against the backdrop of the stunning New Zealand landscape, has been acclaimed internationally, winning one Emmy award and earning another nine nominations.
A New Zealander working from Australia, Campion typifies the transnational career path of many screen professionals. They work with both local and international money and talent across film and television. Narratives with women at their heart have been a consistent feature of their work.
Women such as Campion have historically been in the minority in key creative roles in both film and television — but that's changing. According to Screen Australia data, women's participation in TV production has been growing. It now stands at 44%.
A 2007 UK Film Council report concluded that greater female participation behind the cameras changed the gender balance on screen too: “when women are involved in writing, production and directing, they create more female characters”. We're seeing a similar trend in Australian television production.
Women are writing, directing and producing more Australian TV shows. As a result, we are seeing a new array of female characters on screens: the housewife (Packed to the Rafters), the career woman (Paper Giants: The Birth of Cleo), teenage girls (Puberty Blues), Indigenous women (Redfern Now), female prisoners, (Wentworth), and a female prime minister (At Home with Julia).
TV for the whole world
As a government-subsidised industry, the Australian film and TV sector often reflects government policy. In 2012, the Gillard government's plan to address the “transformation of the Asian region into the economic powerhouse of the world” in the Australia in the Asian Century White Paper were matched by key players in TV.
The then head of the ABC, Kim Dalton made it clear that the Australian production industry was in the box seat for the Asian Century.
Dalton put in train plans to expand globally with HBO Asia. One of the results is currently screening - Serangoon Road,, the ten-part, A$10 million drama series about the British withdrawal from Singapore in 1964-5.
International partnerships of this sort now provide important funding avenues in a highly competitive marketplace. It is overdue for Australian producers to look to Asia - not only for revenue and funding, but for story sources to explore how we fit into the region.
Australian drama is also making some inroads in the United States. The ABC drama Rake, starring Richard Roxburgh as the eponymous rake, barrister Cleaver Green, has been rebadged for the American market, as has local man-in-a-dog-suit comedy Wilfred. The TV adapation of Christos Tsiolkas's novel of the same name, The Slap has received rave reviews and strong ratings in the UK; and, as with the small town crime series, The Doctor Blake Murder Mysteries, it has been sold to networks around the world.
It's generally much cheaper for broadcasters to buy overseas productions than make shows in Australia, so the recent successes are all the more impressive.
Something particularly Australian, and particularly significant, is coming out of the mix – so tune in and enjoy it.
Rage of Bahamut, a card battle smart phone game developed by Cygames, is teaming up with original TV anime Yuri!!! on ICE in a collaboration that re-imagines a trio of male professional figure skaters as warriors from a frozen kingdom.
The limited time collaboration includes new character artwork as well as the main voice actors from Yuri!!! on ICE reprising their roles, including:
Yuri Katsuki (voiced by Toshiyuki Toyonaga).
Victor Nikiforov (voiced by Junichi Suwabe).
And Yuri Plisetsky (voiced by Kōki Uchiyama).
In the game, Yuri, Victor, and Yurio are warriors from the winter kingdom of Zeronitea who are charged by the Snow Queen with defending their land from demonic invasion. The collaboration will run for one week, from February 15 - February 22, 2017.
Sources:
Otakomu
Official Rage of Bahamut home page
Paul Chapman is the host of The Greatest Movie EVER! Podcast and GME! Anime Fun Time.
Aug. 11 is shaping up to be a “wild” night at the UO's Museum of Natural and Cultural History.
In celebration of its new exhibit, “Wolves and Wild Lands in the 21st Century,” the museum will open its doors for a preview followed by craft beer sampling and an outdoor movie starring OR-7, Oregon's famous wandering wolf. Admission to the event is free.
The exhibit, organized by the International Wolf Center and the Bell Museum of Natural History at the University of Minnesota, explores North America's wolves and the role humans play in their conservation. Through photographs, maps and lifelike wolf mounts, visitors can learn about the challenges to successful wolf-human coexistence — including habitat destruction, livestock predation, and the hunting and trapping of wolves.
In addition to the traveling exhibit, artifacts and specimens from the museum's own collections highlight Oregon's wolf story, including the latest on the state's wolf reintroduction plan, OR-7's highly publicized journey and ancient feces from Paisley Caves that contain DNA from members of the dog family. At a hands-on station, visitors can listen to wolf howls, touch a wolf pelt and examine a replica skull.
“People restored wolves to many areas of the Lower 48 states, but it is not a foregone conclusion that they will still be here 20, 50 or 100 years from now,” said Jess Edberg of the International Wolf Center. “This exhibit explores the challenges we must face if wolves are to survive over the long term.”
Exhibit viewing will begin at 7 p.m. Then, at sunset on the museum's south lawn, visitors can take in a free screening of “The Wolf OR-7 Expedition,” an official selection of the 2016 International Wildlife Film Festival. The film retraces the route taken by the GPS-collared wolf, interviews people along the way who suddenly find themselves in wolf country, and examines a number of issues surrounding human-wolf coexistence.
Along with the movie, visitors can enjoy free popcorn and beer tastings from Claim 52 Brewing. Red Five Hotdog Co. will offer food and beverages for purchase. Picnicking is also encouraged.
“The exhibit and opening event are designed to encourage dialogue about wolf conservation in Oregon,” said Ann Craig, the museum's exhibitions director. “Given the ongoing controversy surrounding coexistence and the key roles wolves play in healthy ecosystems, there is much to consider and discuss.”
—By Kristin Strommer, Museum of Natural and Cultural History
Show full PR text
DIESEL PETROL Engine New 1.6 D-4D 2.0 D-4D 1.6 Valvematic 1.8 Valvematic Power (bhp/kW @ rpm) 111/83 @ 4,000 122/91 @
3,600 130/97 @
6,400 145/108 @
6,400 Torque (Nm @ rpm) 270 @ 1,750 –
2,250 310 @ 1,600 –
2,400 160 @ 4,400 180 @ 4,000 CO 2 (g/km) 119 129 154 159 Didier Leroy, Senior Managing Officer of Toyota Motor Corporation, and President and CEO of Toyota Motor Europe (TME), said: "At Toyota, we believe that tackling environmental challenges facing our industry will require more than one approach. Hybrid is at the core of our strategy towards sustainable mobility, but we also see a role for clean diesel in Europe.
"Working together with an industry leader like the BMW Group allows us to benefit from economies of scale to reduce development costs as well as improve our time-to-market."
The R&D team at Toyota's European technical centre in Belgium led the development of the Verso 1.6 D-4D, ensuring a seamless match between the engine and the Toyota transmission and electronics. At the same time they safeguarded the car's established ride comfort and dynamic performance. This involved the development of a number of new components, including engine mounts, a dual-mass flywheel, a newgearbox housing and gearing and a stop/start system to further improve efficiency and reduce emissions.
Production of the Verso 1.6 D-4D will begin in January 2014 at Toyota Motor Manufacturing Turkey's Adapazari plant, the centre for all Verso manufacturing.
Sourcing diesel engines is one aspect of a wider collaboration between Toyota and the BMW Group, under which the companies have announced plans to:
- Co-develop a fuel cell system
- Conduct a feasibility study for the joint development of a sports car platform
- Work together on creating lightweight vehicle body technologies
- Undertake joint research into lithium-air batteries Didier Leroy, Senior Managing Officer of Toyota Motor Corporation, and President and CEO of Toyota Motor Europe (TME), said: "At Toyota, we believe that tackling environmental challenges facing our industry will require more than one approach. Hybrid is at the core of our strategy towards sustainable mobility, but we also see a role for clean diesel in Europe."Working together with an industry leader like the BMW Group allows us to benefit from economies of scale to reduce development costs as well as improve our time-to-market."The R&D team at Toyota's European technical centre in Belgium led the development of the Verso 1.6 D-4D, ensuring a seamless match between the engine and the Toyota transmission and electronics. At the same time they safeguarded the car's established ride comfort and dynamic performance. This involved the development of a number of new components, including engine mounts, a dual-mass flywheel, a newgearbox housing and gearing and a stop/start system to further improve efficiency and reduce emissions.Production of the Verso 1.6 D-4D will begin in January 2014 at Toyota Motor Manufacturing Turkey's Adapazari plant, the centre for all Verso manufacturing.Sourcing diesel engines is one aspect of a wider collaboration between Toyota and the BMW Group, under which the companies have announced plans to:- Co-develop a fuel cell system- Conduct a feasibility study for the joint development of a sports car platform- Work together on creating lightweight vehicle body technologies- Undertake joint research into lithium-air batteries
KEY POINTS- New Verso 1.6 D-4D to be launched early in 2014, the first Toyota to be equipped with a BMW-sourced engine- Toyota Motor Europe engineers ensured seamless integration of new engine and vehicle- Agreement to supply diesel engine is first step in a mid-to-long-term collaboration between Toyota and the BMW Group on next-generation environmentally efficient technologies- The Verso 1.6 D-4D compact MPV will be the first Toyota be equipped with an engine supplied by the BMW Group under a contract agreed by the manufacturers two years ago.The addition of the 111bhp/83kW engine to the range early in 2014 will increase the number of powertrains available to Verso customers in the UK to four, as detailed in the table below.
Oregon's Merkley is First Senator to Endorse Bernie Sanders for President
Jeff Merkley, the junior Democratic United States Senator from Oregon became the first Senator to publicly endorse Bernie Sanders for President. To date, Hillary Clinton has claimed forty Democratic Senators' endorsements.
Merkley announced their endorsement not in the Oregon media, but in an opinion piece printed in Wednesday's New York Times. Merkley wrote in their column, “It is time to recommit ourselves to that vision of a country that measures our nation's success not at the boardroom table, but at kitchen tables across America. Bernie Sanders stands for that America, and so I stand with Bernie Sanders for president.”
“For Sanders, the endorsement is a welcome boost just days before the all critical New York Primary. In polling, Sanders continues to trail Clinton in New York — the state in which Clinton served as United States Senator — by double digits.
In the endorsement, Merkley, recounted their middle class upbringing and maenad the loss of middle class opportunities for many Americans. “Years later, my family and I still live in the same working-class community I grew up in. But America has gone off track, and the outlook for the kids growing up there is a lot gloomier today than 40 years ago.
Many middle-class Americans are working longer for less income than decades ago, even while big-ticket expenses like housing, health care and college have relentlessly pushed higher.”
Both Sanders and Clinton are awaiting word from Massachusetts U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren, but to date, they have refused to make an endorsement.
Related Slideshow: 5 Reasons Why Bernie Sanders' Trip to Portland Matters, March 2016
Prev Next #5 Bigger than August In August, GoLocalPDX reported, “The Bernie Sanders rally at the Moda Center hit an all-time high for the Presidential candidate for this election cycle.
The Portland rally nearly doubled the 15,000 attendees in Seattle. According to Sanders' campaign, over 28,000 people attended the Portland campaign event, causing a stadium overflow.” So today's event needs to show the same type of enthusiasm and energy. The bar was set high in August. Prev Next #4 Win Oregon No matter how you cut it, Sanders needs to win almost every primary and caucus that remains and I must win is Oregon. In a state that has pockets of tremendous populism and progressivism — Sanders may be the perfect candidate. See the numbers. Democratic Winners of State Primaries and Caucuses | InsideGov Prev Next #3 Why Not Clinton With Clinton growing ever closer to hitting the magic need to secure the Democratic nomination, Sanders needs to convince voters that they are the better choice — not just the more Liberal. They gave them a pass on the emails and has let up on the fees from Goldman Sachs -- those decisions has cost him. Portland is the place to take the conversation to a new level in front of thousands. Prev Next #2 Breaking Through the Trump Noise While Sanders has a strong message on addressing college debt and tacking on Wall Street, the GOP noise of Donald Trump and Ted Cruz has absorbed all the political media coverage for weeks. Sanders needs to elevate the Democratic race to equal the GOP battle. Portland is a big enough city to launch a powerful new message for the last phase of the primary battle. Prev Next #1 Last Chance The reality for Sanders is that they need to win 70+ percent of the remaining delegates in order to win the nomination -- absent a FBI finding of significance against Clinton on their email issue. Thus, while their message has inspired young voters and disenfranchised older Democrats, they have to broaden their base now and change the dynamics of the race to win. They have had great upset wins, out raised Clinton in the past few months and their America commercial has the best as of the campaign cycle. They need to flip the table. Prev
#5
#5
#4
#4
#3
#3
#2
#2
#1 Next
Related Articles
Enjoy this post? Share it with others.
Hubs, switches, and routers are all devices that let you connect from one computer to other computers, networked devices, or to other networks.
Each has two or more connectors called ports into which you plug in the cables to make the connection.
Hub :
A hub is a small, simple, inexpensive device that joins multiple computers together. Its job is very simple: anything that comes in one port is sent out to the others. That's it. This is quick and easy ways to connect computers in small networks.
Hubs operate using a broadcast model
Switch :
A switch is a small hardware device that joins multiple computers together within one local area network (LAN). a switch generally contains more intelligence and a slightly higher price than a hub. switches are capable of inspecting data packets as they are received, determining the source and destination device of each packet, and forwarding them appropriately. For example, if it sees traffic from machine A coming in on port 2, it now knows that machine A is connected to that port and that traffic to machine A needs to only be sent to that port and not any of the others.
switches operate using a virtual circuit model.Switching involves moving packets between devices on the same network.Switches operate at layer 2 of the OSI Model.
A switch is able to determine where a packet should be sent by examining the MAC address within the data link header of the packet (the MAC address is the hardware address of a network adapter). A switch maintains a database of MAC addresses and what port they are connected to.
Router :
A router is a small hardware device that joins multiple networks together. These networks can include wired or wireless home networks, and the Internet.A simple way to think of a router is as a computer that can be programmed to understand, possibly manipulate, and route the data its being asked to handle.
Routing involves moving packets between different networks. Routers, on the other hand, operate at layer 3 of the OSI Model.
A router is able to determine where to send a packet using the Network ID within the Network layer header. It then uses the routing table to determine the route to the destination host.
Advertisements
Several hundred people are at Northwood public elementary school, protesting Ontario's new sex education curriculum.
The parents on site are primarily from the Muslim faith, and have taken their children out of school for the week.
They aren't alone, parents who have kids in the Windsor-Essex Catholic School Board also pulled their kids out of school this week.
Parents say that the sex ed curriculum that is set to be introduced in the fall is not appropriate, not age-appropriate and does not conform with their religious views.
"We're not against the school or teachers. We know how to teach our kids about sex. Why break the innocence in the child? We are the parents. We know what's good for the kids," Bassim Alhamadwi said.
The parents at Northwood school say they plan to protest at the Greater Essex District School Board offices Wednesday.
"This is stuff for grown adults. We're not against sex, or against gays or lesbians, but we're against this situation, this sex education. It's too early," Salah Alnassiri said.
During protests in Toronto on Monday, Education Minister Liz Sandals said she's disappointed that some parents have pulled their kids out of school, but vowed the curriculum would be in place by September.
Ontario hadn't previously updated the curriculum since 1998 and argues that the changes are necessary to bring sexual education in line with other provinces.
By teaching concepts around sexual orientation and gender identity at an early age, it joins the ranks of Quebec, Saskatchewan and Nova Scotia. At least four other provinces choose to tackle the issue in Grade 6 or beyond.
Roxanne Canniff joined the protest. Them kids attend Maranatha Christian Academy a few blocks away. Canniff has an issue with the gender identification section of the new curriculum. They said it creates "mass confusion" and described some options as "not even human options."
Concepts like consent, contraception, prevention of sexually transmitted infections and online safety appear on nearly every provincial curriculum. Some provinces begin teaching these concepts as early as kindergarten.
Students will also learn about online bullying and the dangers of sharing sexually explicit images electronically.
Parents have the right to withdraw their kids from all or part of the new curriculum if they're uncomfortable with its content.
Neither local board knew how many parents kept kids home Monday.
(CNN) North Korea has accused the US and South Korea of attempting to assassinate leader Kim Jong-un with a "bio-chemical substance."
In an extraordinary 1,800-word report Friday, which offered no evidence other than account laced with fantastical language, North Korean state news agency KCNA said a "hideous terrorist group" conspired with the CIA and South Korea's National Intelligence Service (NIS) to mount the attack.
Its aim, the report said was to "commit bomb terrorism targeting the supreme leadership" during major events including a recent military parade
JUST WATCHED Inside North Korea on Army Day Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Inside North Korea on Army Day 01:38
The report claimed a North Korean citizen was involved in the plot, using "biochemical substances including radioactive substance and nano poisonous substance" to target Kim.
North Korea has a history of making unfounded and irrational claims, and CNN was not able to independently corroborate the report. South Korea's intelligence service told CNN they know nothing about the alleged plot.
Read More
A federal agency just filed a lawsuit against Amazon for letting children make purchases too easily on mobile devices without their parents' approval.
In a complaint filed Thursday, the Federal Trade Commission alleged that the retailing giant has unlawfully charged customers millions of dollars for kids' "in-app purchases" -- buying digital knickknacks while playing games or using apps on devices like Kindle Fire tablets -- that were made without their parents' or the account holders' knowledge.
"In total, parents and other Amazon account holders have suffered significant monetary injury, with thousands of consumers complaining about unauthorized in-app charges by their children, and many consumers reporting up to hundreds of dollars in such charges," the lawsuit, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Washington, contends.
The FTC said that the price of such purchases ranged from 99 cents to $99.99 each.
According to the complaint, making a purchase while playing a game or using an app was as easy as simply closing a pop-up window that had appeared, which allowed children, sometimes too young to even read, to amass charges on their parents' accounts.
"In many instances, parents have complained that their children could not or did not understand that their activities while playing the app could result in charges that cost real money," the lawsuit says. "Amazon has received thousands of complaints related to unauthorized in-app charges by children in these and other games, amounting to millions of dollars of charges."
In January, Apple settled a similar complaint with the FTC, agreeing to refund at least $32.5 million to customers who incurred unauthorized charges.
The FTC wants Amazon not only to refund parents and other customers who've had unauthorized charges made to their accounts, but also to require "informed consent" from parents before kids can make these types of purchases.
Asked to elaborate on the meaning of "informed consent" during a conference call with reporters Thursday afternoon, Jessica Rich, consumer protection director at the FTC, said, "You need to do it in a way that a kid couldn't easily just tap the phone and incur charges."
According to the lawsuit, customers started complaining to Amazon only weeks after the company began allowing in-app purchases in November 2011. The FTC contends that Amazon knew this was an issue, with one Amazon employee commenting in December 2011 that permitting these types of charges without a password was "clearly causing problems for a large percentage of our customers."
Amazon has since made some changes to in-app purchasing -- requiring a person to enter a password for charges over $20 or before some charges kick in -- but according to the FTC, it wasn't until last month that the company began to require "informed consent for in-app charges on its newer mobile devices."
According to the lawsuit, Amazon receives 30 percent of the revenue from purchases made within apps.
The company would not comment on the lawsuit itself and referred to a statement it made in a letter last week to the FTC, in which it called news of the impending complaint "deeply disappointing."
"We have continuously improved our experience since launch, but even at launch, when customers told us their kids had made purchases they didn't want we refunded those purchases," wrote Andrew DeVore, vice president and associate general counsel at Amazon. "[O]ur experience at launch was responsible, customer-focused, and lawful, including prominent notice of in-app purchasing, effective parental controls, real-time notice of every in-app purchase, and world-class customer service."
The FTC lawsuit comes about a week after the agency filed suit against T-Mobile for allegedly placing hidden charges in customers' bills.
U.S. military installations are no longer allowing visitors to gain base access using official ID cards from five states -- and other installations may soon follow.
State-issued driver's licenses and identification cards from Illinois, New Mexico, Missouri, Washington and Minnesota can no longer be used to obtain a visitor's pass because those cards don't comply with federal standards, officials said. DoD officials did not say whether or not enhanced driver's licenses (EDL) from Minnesota or Washington would still be accepted.
Guidance has already been issued by such installations as Fort Bragg in North Carolina, White Sands Missile Range in New Mexico, Fort Drum in New York, Fort Leonard Wood in Missouri and Fort Leavenworth in Kansas.
Update: DoD to Issue Guidance 'Soon' for Blocked State IDs, EDLs to Be Accepted.
"Effective immediately, residents of these five states can no longer use their driver's license to get a visitor's pass," Tom McCollum, a Fort Bragg spokesperson said in a release today. "Driver's licenses and identification cards issued by these states cannot be used to access not just Fort Bragg, but all federal facilities, to include other military installations."
Nate Allen, a spokesperson for the Army, in an email confirmed the changes affect all military installations in the U.S.
The changes impact visitors who are attempting to secure a visitor's pass to the bases using one of the non-compliant state ID cards. Visitors who are accompanied in the vehicle by a Defense Department cardholder can continue to access the installations using any state's driver's license, officials said.
A spokesperson at Joint Base Lewis-McChord, Washington, said officials there received guidance from the Office of the Secretary of Defense, or OSD, but were still reviewing it. Washington state driver's licenses are among those on the no-acceptance list. Washington state is home to six major military bases.
“We received the notification from OSD about the changes, and our installation access division is reviewing those requirements to determine what course of action we need to do to be in compliance,” said Joe Piek, a base spokesperson. “Right now there is no change to our installation access requirements but they are being reviewed.”
SpouseBuzz: What the ID Rule Change Means for You
At issue is state compliance with the 2005 REAL ID Act, which requires states to meet minimum security requirements for their state-issued ID cards such as driver's licenses. Some states, such as California, received an extension on complying with the rule. And the Department of Homeland Security granted airline passengers a waiver to continue to use their IDs from the non-compliant states past the Jan. 10 deadline.
Accepted forms of identification for granting a base visitor's pass include a U.S. passport, any official ID card from any of the compliant states, Native American tribal documents and any Defense Department or federal ID card. VA identification cards, however, are not accepted, officials said.
Officials at White Sands Missile Range and Fort Leonard Wood -- both located in states whose IDs are no longer compliant -- announced through Facebook posts that they will continue to accept non-compliant ID cards if they are also presented with a supporting “identity proofing” document. Those documents include a U.S. military or draft record, social security card, U.S. citizen ID card or certification of birth abroad issued by the State Department, officials said.
Officials at Fort Leonard Wood said in a release that they will continue until Jan. 27 to issue one-time passes to visitors holding the no longer accepted IDs.
“On Jan. 28 no exceptions will be made and visitors without a compliant form of identification will not be granted access,” the release said.
--Amy Bushatz can be reached at amy.bushatz@military.com.
Signaling a potential new approach to treating diabetes, researchers at Washington University School of Medicine in St. Louis and Harvard University have produced insulin-secreting cells from stem cells derived from patients with type 1 diabetes.
People with this form of diabetes can't make their own insulin and require regular insulin injections to control their blood sugar. The new discovery suggests a personalized treatment approach to diabetes may be on the horizon — one that relies on the patients' own stem cells to manufacture new cells that make insulin.
The researchers showed that the new cells could produce insulin when they encountered sugar. The scientists tested the cells in culture and in mice, and in both cases found that the cells secreted insulin in response to glucose.
The research is published May 10 in the journal Nature Communications.
“In theory, if we could replace the damaged cells in these individuals with new pancreatic beta cells — whose primary function is to store and release insulin to control blood glucose — patients with type 1 diabetes wouldn't need insulin shots anymore,” said first author Jeffrey R. Millman, PhD, an assistant professor of medicine and of biomedical engineering at Washington University School of Medicine. “The cells we've manufactured sense the presence of glucose and secrete insulin in response. And beta cells do a much better job controlling blood sugar than diabetic patients can.”
Millman, whose laboratory is in the Division of Endocrinology, Metabolism and Lipid Research, began their research while working in the laboratory of Douglas A. Melton, PhD, Howard Hughes Medical Institute investigator and a co-director of Harvard's Stem Cell Institute. There, Millman had used similar techniques to make beta cells from stem cells derived from people who did not have diabetes. In these new experiments, the beta cells came from tissue taken from the skin of diabetes patients.
“There had been questions about whether we could make these cells from people with type 1 diabetes,” Millman explained. “Some scientists thought that because the tissue would be coming from diabetes patients, there might be defects to prevent us from helping the stem cells differentiate into beta cells. It turns out that's not the case.”
Millman said more research is needed to make sure that the beta cells made from patient-derived stem cells don't cause tumors to develop — a problem that has surfaced in some stem cell research — but there has been no evidence of tumors in the mouse studies, even up to a year after the cells were implanted.
Robert Boston
They said the stem cell-derived beta cells could be ready for human research in three to five years. At that time, Millman expects the cells would be implanted under the skin of diabetes patients in a minimally invasive surgical procedure that would allow the beta cells access to a patient's blood supply.
“What we're envisioning is an outpatient procedure in which some sort of device filled with the cells would be placed just beneath the skin,” they said.
The idea of replacing beta cells isn't new. More than two decades ago, Washington University researchers Paul E. Lacy, MD, PhD, now deceased, and David W. Scharp, MD, began transplanting such cells into patients with type 1 diabetes. Still today, patients in several clinical trials have been given beta cell transplants with some success. However, those cells come from pancreas tissue provided by organ donors. As with all types of organ donation, the need for islet beta cells for people with type 1 diabetes greatly exceeds their availability.
Millman said that the new technique also could be used in other ways. Since these experiments have proven it's possible to make beta cells from the tissue of patients with type 1 diabetes, it's likely the technique also would work in patients with other forms of the disease — including type 2 diabetes, neonatal diabetes and Wolfram syndrome. Then it would be possible to test the effects of diabetes drugs on the beta cells of patients with various forms of the disease.
3M benchmarks its CEO's pay against 19 industrial companies, according to the 2014 proxy, yet three times that number – 62 companies – peg their boss's compensation to 3M, pay tracker Equilar found.
At the debate, Kay defended peer groups as "flawed" but "the only game in town" for simulating a market quote for CEO talent. And they dismissed as yesterday's headline the suspicion that some boards select peer groups to maximize the boss's pay rather than to mirror the company's performance.
"That game is over!" Kay bellowed. Compensation consultants and directors defend their choices as qualitative as well as quantitative, reflecting experience and the companies' unique characteristics.
Read MoreTech firm fires CEO convicted of domestic violence
While Kay's CEOs may deserve to be better compensated than their peers, traditional peer-group analysis "understates" the extent to which they may be overpaid, says de Vaan, a Ph.D. candidate in economic sociology at Columbia University. Twenty-nine out of 50 big-company clients advised by Pay Governance remunerated their CEOs above the 50th percentile, averaging $4.7 million more apiece in 2011, according to the proxies de Vaan reviewed. The average for the group, including under payers, was $1,636,681 more than the median named peer, de Vaan found. Five companies that benchmarked CEO pay against an index, or provided insufficient information were not analyzed. I extracted the identities of Pay Governance's S&P 500 clients from the index companies' proxy disclosures.
De Vaan then randomly produced 100 alternative peer groups for each client. The simulations involved replacing every peer with an alternative closely resembling the benchmarking company, based on three separate measures: annual revenue, market capitalization and the Global Industry Classification Standard. They found that Pay Governance's boards chose CEO benchmarks with an upward pay bias of $1.4 million relative to other companies with similar identifying characteristics. Add to this the $1.6 million the companies already pay more than their named median peer, and it means that, on average, the CEOs of Pay Governance's S&P 500 clients are granted $3 million more than their simulated peers.
"Even firms that employ CEOs who have not excelled in the last year have the tendency to adjust the peer groups opportunistically in the next year," says de Vaan, drawing from an unpublished paper co-authored with Columbia Sociology Professor Tom DiPrete, "Setting Executive Pay: Bias in the Change of Compensation Peer Groups," which examines benchmark relationships at 1,348 U.S. corporations.
Two of Kay's clients, DirecTV and Alcoa, illustrate how peer selection can benefit the CEO.
Read MoreWhat's new in the 'net neutrality' proposal
DirecTV CEO White joined the company in late 2009 just as Kay was picking up the board contract from their former employer, Watson Wyatt. DirecTV deleted British Sky Broadcasting from its 15-member media peer group for 2012 "because of the limited access to executive pay data" in the U.K., according to the 2013 proxy statement. British Sky paid CEO Jeremy Darroch $4.6 million in 2012, according to Sky's compensation report, making it by far the lowest-paid peer in DirecTV's benchmark group.
In its place, DirecTV restored former benchmark Charter Communications, "because it had emerged from bankruptcy," according to the proxy statement. Charter had actually exited bankruptcy three years earlier, eight months after filing. More recently, the company doubled its CEO's pay to $20.5 million, almost five times more than British Sky paid. Disney, Time Warner and Viacom also are DirecTV peers, and three of the four highest-paying companies relative to their peers in the Pay Governance client portfolio of S&P 500 companies, de Vaan found.
PICKING PEERS AT DIRECTV DirecTV replaced British Sky Broadcasting as a peer in 2012 "because of the limited access to (its) executive pay data," according to the company's proxy statement. Charter Communications returned, after removal in 2010, "because it had emerged from bankruptcy." In fact, Charter left bankruptcy three years earlier and British Sky continues to report compensation. The swap produced a five-fold increase from DirecTV's previously lowest-paid peer. COMPANY CEO PAY CBS 69,900,677 Discovery Communications 52,404,119 Viacom 43,123,552 Walt Disney 31,363,013 News Corp. 30,022,292 Time Warner Inc. 25,938,721 *Charter Communications 20,538,347 Time Warner Cable 16,433,828 Liberty Global 13,814,211 Sprint Nextel 11,882,651 Cablevision Systems 11,445,228 Dish Network 9,845,632 CenturyLink 8,554,284 DirecTV 5,937,078 Gannett 4,693,809 **British Sky Broadcasting† 4,378,030 Sources: 2012 SEC proxy filings *Charter Communications added to peer group.
**British Sky Broadcasting deleted from peer group.
†British sterling converted to U.S. dollars
Another Kay client, Alcoa, benchmarked Chairman and CEO Klaus Kleinfeld's pay to the median of dual titled chairpeople-CEOs at Coca-Cola, Google, McDonald's, Merck & Co. and Time Warner, among others.
"Our aluminum industry peers do not provide an adequate basis for compensation purposes because there are too few of them, they are all located outside of the United States and they do not disclose sufficient comparative compensation data," Alcoa said in its 2012 and 2013 proxy statements, after Kay took over the board compensation-consulting contract. Yet only 20 percent of Alcoa's public company peers reciprocated — nine out of 46, according to a review of the companies' 2013 proxies — while three others were a privately owned grocery wholesaler, a not-for-profit foundation and the office-products subsidiary of a foreign corporation, whose peer information is not readily available.
Read MoreDisney sees operating income growth at cable networks
Alcoa decided "to develop a more relevant peer group to inform compensation decisions for the CEO" last November, the company stated in its March 2014 proxy statement. The decision came 10 months after the Conference Board debate. Instead of consumer companies and tech juggernauts, the new reference group encompasses 19 materials and industrials companies such as Freeport-McMoRan Copper & Gold, Newmont Mining and U.S. Steel, nearly half of which (eight) consider Alcoa peers.
SETTING THE BENCHMARKS Under pressure to justify CEO pay, boards frequently compare the top executive's compensation to a self-selected group of peers.* The leading benchmarks for Standard & Poor's 1500 companies CATEGORY NUMBER OF COMPANIES Industry 1,202 Revenue 920 Market Capitalization 693 Competitor For Talent 583 Business Model 431 Direct Competitor 286 Geography 249 Assets 223 Number of Employees 157 Profitability 121 Source: Equilar * 91% use one peer group, 8% use two peer groups
The new group still doesn't include direct competitors Aluminum Corporation of China or Shandong Nanshan Aluminum Co.; Australia's Alumina Ltd.; India's National Aluminium Co. Ltd.; Norway's Norsk Hydro ASA or Russia's United Co. Rusal, all of which are publicly traded. It's an indication that while labor has become a global commodity, CEO pay remains something of a local proposition.
"Executive compensation is a very puzzling and confusing and baffling subject for most investors," says management consultant Michael Levin, who writes The Activist Investor blog. "Every time we think we have a way to understand it better, it gets worse. At some subconscious level, all the pay consultants, not just Ira Kay, are doing this not just to reward people — but to make it more opaque."
—By Elliot Blair Smith of The Fiscal Times
A low intake of folate and vitamin B12 increases the risk of melancholic depressive symptoms, according to a study among nearly 3,000 middle-aged and elderly Finnish subjects. On the other hand, non-melancholic depressive symptoms are associated with an increased risk for the metabolic syndrome. Based on these new observations, melancholic and non-melancholic depression may be separate depressive subtypes with different etiologies in terms of proinflammation and diet. The study was the first to look at these depressive sub-types separately.
"The findings have practical implications in the care of patients with depressive symptoms. For example, it may be wise to avoid medication causing weight gain among patients with non-melancholic depression, whereas melancholic depressive symptoms may call for a closer look at the quality of the patient's diet," says Mr Jussi Seppälä, MD, Chief of the Department of Psychiatry of the Hospital District of Southern Savo.
Melancholic depression involves typical depressive symptoms, such as a depressed mood. Non-melancholic depression is characterized by other types of symptoms, such as low self-esteem and feelings of worry and anxiety.
Among subjects with the highest folate intake, the risk for melancholic depressive symptoms was almost 50 per cent lower than among those with the lowest intake. In addition, among those with the highest vitamin B12 levels, the risk for melancholic depressive symptoms was almost three times lower than among those with the lowest levels. Both findings are new. A similar association with non-melancholic depressive symptoms was not observed.
Another novel observation is that the risk for the metabolic syndrome was twofold among those with non-melancholic depressive symptoms, as compared to those with melancholic symptoms or those with no depressive symptoms.
Mr Seppälä's doctoral thesis "Depressive symptoms, metabolic syndrome and diet" was published at the University of Eastern Finland. The study was conducted as part of the Finnish Type 2 Diabetes Prevention Programme. The findings were originally published in Journal of Affective Disorders.
###
To see the original press release in Finnish, click here.
- withheld a $22,500 check issued by the state comptroller's office in their name, while employees in their office searched for it. Madson said that check was "with a stack of other mail" that Hawk took home with them on their last day in the office, on July 28. "The envelope was opened while Judge Hawk was away being treated for depression, and was immediately returned to the DA' office when it was clear that it was not their paycheck stub," Madson said.
- attempted to use public funds to pay for their personal Rotary dues, personal lawyer association dues and security cameras not in the budget, among other things. Madson said they and Hawk simply asked Stormer to consult with them about what expenses were appropriate, because that was their job as administrative chief. They said those were "queries, not requests," and they added that they followed them recommendations.
- ordered Stormer to obtain a credit card in Hawk's name so Hawk could have their purchases "paid directly from the state forfeiture funds." Stormer said they refused because it's against county policy. Madson called Stormer's account "inaccurate" and said it was Stormer who approached Hawk about a possible card.
Editor's note: This item was last updated at 8:50 p.m.Dallas County District Attorney Susan Hawk has frequently attempted to misuse public funds, a former high-ranking prosecutor said Sunday, adding that they were fired last week because they refused to comply with Hawk's demands.But Hawk's first assistant, Messina Madson, who is running the office while Hawk is on leave for depression treatment , denied the allegations and dismissed them as a false attack by a recently-fired employee. They said they terminated Cindy Stormer, who oversaw the budget in their role as administrative chief, because of poor job performance."It is unfortunate that Mrs. Stormer is choosing to distort the facts and attack our office, and specifically attack Judge Hawk while they [is] unable to respond," Madson said in a statement Sunday.The allegations against Hawk come just before they were scheduled to return from their leave of absence to battle a "serious episode of depression." The district attorney has been off work for seven-and-a-half weeks and was expected to come back Tuesday, though it's likely that date could get pushed back as they consult with experts at a residential treatment facility about when she'll be ready to go back to work.The accusations are the latest to come from a fired employee as upheaval continues in the highest ranks of Hawk's administration. Since January, Hawk had previously fired or forced the resignation of at least six key employees, including Stormer's predecessor, Jennifer Balido.Stormer, the former Cooke County district attorney who had been with the Dallas County district attorney's office for seven years, was fired Friday. They said Madson cited Stormer's failure to pay two bills for $100 each, but Stormer believes their dismissal was a "ruse" so Hawk could have unfiltered access to public funds."She wants to spend that money and they don't want people telling them these [payments] are inappropriate," Stormer said Sunday. "The next person in that position is either going to have to tell them 'yes' all the time or they're going to be fired.”Stormer's allegations include that Hawk:Meanwhile, the district attorney's office has been under state and federal audits for possible misuse of the forfeiture fund under Hawk's predecessor, Craig Watkins. The forfeiture fund is made up of money and assets seized in crime busts and meant to be used for law enforcement purposes.In an internal memo that explains Stormer's firing, Madson said they dismissed Stormer for multiple reasons, including their poor management skills, their failure to pay bills that impact critical victim and trial services, and their "appalling" handling of a criminal case involving a man who went on to shoot at Dallas police headquarters in June. Madson said Stormer had previously dismissed a felony case against the suspect, James Boulware, without properly researching the facts of the case. Boulware had been accused of trying to strangle their mother. "It was a provable case and should not have been dismissed," the memo states. Boulware went on to spray Dallas police headquarters with bullets; Boulware was killed by police in the high-profile incident, but no one else was injured."Her handling of the James Boulware case was shockingly incompetent," Madson said in the memo. "Any spot in this office that they were placed in would need to be micromanaged and be an inefficient use of that salary."Stormer said they handled the Boulware case the way the victim requested, adding that Boulware's mother twice signed documents saying they wanted the family violence case to be dismissed."This is yet another attempt to assassinate my character to deflect from Hawk's wrongdoing," Stormer said.
Bill Maher has given the University of Wisconsin–Madison (UW) a wake-up call—literally. The host of HBO's Real Time recorded a message on PETA's behalf that was auto-dialed today to every member of UW's staff, faculty, and student body as well as to UW's Board of Regents and residents living near the school's campus.
“On this very campus, dozens of live cats have holes drilled into their skulls, steel posts screwed to their heads, and metal coils implanted in their eyes,” Maher said. “Some cats have had their ears cut off. Others are intentionally deafened. … It strikes me that it's not the cats who need their heads examined …. I'm calling on you to join me in helping to end this abuse.”
Prompted by a PETA complaint, a National Institutes of Health (NIH) report released just last week confirmed PETA's allegations that UW failed to take adequate steps to avoid the cats' infected, open head wounds and to treat them and that UW's justification for the use of cats and the number of cats used was inadequate. NIH took the exceptionally rare step of ordering UW to suspend the experiments for nearly six months while major changes were implemented. The NIH findings echo a separate report released by the U.S. Department of Agriculture in February, also prompted by a PETA complaint, which found rampant infections among the cats used in these experiments. Some infections were so severe that they resulted in the removal of one cat's eye and the euthanasia of several cats.
What You Can Do
Please join Bill Maher in urging UW to put an immediate, permanent halt to these cruel experiments.
Yesterday my two-year-old daughter participated in a drill at their preschool designed to maximally deal with a hostile intruder on school grounds (the kids' role was to basically lie down, keep real quiet, and await instructions). One of my colleagues was alarmed by the existence of such an exercise, but given the setting here I'm more than fine with a little worst-case prep. Especially if it doesn't involve a cop posing as an armed lunatic who asks for a student by name:
Several Stephenson County sheriff's deputies helped with the drill [at Orangeville High School], said Chief Deputy Todd Welch. This is the first time the sheriff's department has assisted with a drill of this kind at a school. The mock scenario involved an "armed intruder," played by a deputy, who entered the school, fired a cap gun, and asked for a specific student. Other officers arrived on the scene and "arrested" the intruder. [...]
the student who the "intruder" was searching for, fled school grounds and had to be located and brought back to school.
FOR the first time since the Depression, the American economy has added virtually no jobs in the private sector over a 10-year period. The total number of jobs has grown a bit, but that is only because of government hiring.
The accompanying charts show the job performance from July 1999, when the economy was booming and companies were complaining about how hard it was to find workers, through July of this year, when the economy was mired in the deepest and longest recession since World War II. For the decade, there was a net gain of 121,000 private sector jobs, according to the survey of employers conducted each month by the Bureau of Labor Statistics. In an economy with 109 million such jobs, that indicated an annual growth rate for the 10 years of 0.01 percent.
Until the current downturn, the long-term annual growth rate for private sector jobs had not dipped below 1 percent since the early 1960s. Most often, the rate was well above that.
As can be seen from the charts, there were some areas of strength in the economy. Health care jobs continued to grow, particularly jobs that involve caring for the elderly. Home health care employment rose at an annual rate of 5 percent, a rate that indicates a total gain of more than 60 percent. On an annual basis, that was twice the overall rate for health care of 2.4 percent a year.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
There were also job gains in education and in a host of service industries, including lawyers (0.7 percent a year), accountants (0.9 percent) and computer systems designers (2.4 percent). The field of management and technical consulting leaped at an annual rate of 5 percent.
Back in July, a conservative legal group asked the Supreme Court to hear a case involving a Ten Commandments monument outside a municipal building in Bloomfield, New Mexico.
You can read the full backstory here, but here's the short version: The monument was put up for religious reasons in 2011 and was ruled unconstitutional by multiple courts in subsequent years. City officials later surrounded it with secular displays to deemphasize the whole Christianity thing, but any study of the history of this monument shows it was erected to promote a Christian worldview.
After the most recent loss, attorneys for Alliance Defending Freedom filed a motion asking the Supreme Court to take up this case. Specifically they want SCOTUS to answer two questions (I'm paraphrasing): How should the Establishment Clause be applied to passive monuments like this one, and who is allowed to bring forth any lawsuits against them?
The first question was already answered in 2005 — and it also involved Ten Commandments monuments. The Court ruled, in two separate decisions, that a stand-alone Ten Commandments monument was illegal since it was a clear promotion of Christianity, but the same monument erected as part of a larger display of, say, the history of lawmaking would be just fine. Justice Anthony Kennedy, specifically, said the stand-alone monument was illegal, but the larger display was legal. This case would have asked the swing justice to decide the legality of a stand-alone Christian monument that later converted to a larger display.
In my mind, though, the Bloomfield display already failed that test since it originally went up to promote Christianity. You can't just paint over it and attempt to create a new history after the fact. I would hope that's Kennedy's stance, too.
That second question, however, is important. Right now, anyone in the community “offended” by the display could theoretically have standing to file a lawsuit and bring it down. The conservative Christians wanted to eliminate that possibility and make it damn near impossible for anyone to sue over this issue.
There was reason to believe that's exactly what would have happened if the conservative-leaning Supreme Court decided to take up this case.
Adding to that fear was how a coalition of 23 conservative attorneys general from across the country — led by Ken Paxton of Texas — was asking the Court to take up this case and rule on it. They filed an amicus brief in August. All the attorneys general were Republicans, as were Governors Matt Bevin (of Kentucky) and Paul LePage (or Maine), both well known for promoting right-wing causes, who also signed onto the brief.
“The Supreme Court has ruled that a passive monument such as a Ten Commandments display, accompanied by other displays acknowledging our nation's religious heritage, are not an establishment of religion,” Attorney General Paxton said. “Governments shouldn't be forced to censor religion's role in history simply because a few people claim they are offended by it.”
Specifically, the brief urged the Court to rule that someone who thinks a particular display is unconstitutional would not be able to sue over it. Instead, they argue, all that should matter is whether the government is coercing people to support or participate in a religion. A passive Ten Commandments monument wouldn't do that, so it would be legal.
By that logic, though, local governments could have a Christian pastor give a prayer every week, put up a Nativity scene on the courthouse lawn, celebrate Easter, and promote Christianity in any number of ways. An official would just have to say something like, “No one has to participate in this,” and the city would be off the hook. It's an absurd way to interpret the law.
The good news we're getting as of this morning, however, is that the Court isn't even going to consider the case. You need at least four justices to give the case a green light in order for the Court to even hear the issue, and this one couldn't even muster those votes.
The Court announced this morning that “17-60 BLOOMFIELD, NM V. FELIX, JANE, ET AL.” was denied cert, meaning the earlier rulings striking down the monument remain in place.
ADF isn't happy about that, though they didn't spend much time today discussing the monument's legality. They focused instead on the issue of who has the right to sue over these impositions of Christianity.
“Americans shouldn't be forced to censor religion's role in history simply to appease someone who is offended by it or who has a political agenda to remove all traces of religion from the public square,” said ADF Senior Counsel David Cortman. “In this case, the U.S. Supreme Court had the opportunity to affirm, as it recently did, that ‘an Establishment Clause violation is not made out any time a person experiences a sense of affront from the expression of contrary religious views.' We hope the court will take advantage of a future case to resolve the confusion that reigns in the lower courts on this issue.” … “Previous Supreme Court decisions appear to have made the answer to that question clear: Simply being offended isn't a sufficient reason to be able to bring a lawsuit like this,” said ADF Senior Counsel Jonathan Scruggs. “This case gave the Supreme Court an opportunity to reaffirm that principle and prevent the removal of a monument that stands alongside others in a perfectly acceptable manner. At some point, the court will have another opportunity to accept a case like this and clear up any confusion, and we hope that it will.”
Their tears are delicious.
For now, at least, atheists and everyone else in a community still have the opportunity to sue their local governments when a Christian monument is placed outside city buildings.
(Large portions of this article were published earlier)
Religion as "anti-science" is a common and tired old tale. Phil Vischer (our friend and a recent speaker at the inaugural "Redeeming Work" event in Chicago last week) noted a missed opportunity to change that in the recent "Cosmos: A Spacetime Odyssey," presented by astrophysicist and popular scientist Neil deGrasse Tyson. Gahhh! What's a Christian science nerd to do? -Paul
I like science.
Really I do. Scientific inquiry and human ingenuity have given us everything from the wheel to the cure for polio to the iPhone. What's not to like about human ingenuity?
And I generally liked Carl Sagan's Cosmos—the multi-episode science spectacular that aired on PBS when I was in high school some thirty years ago. It was clear that Carl Sagan really, really liked science, and wanted everyone else to like it just as much as they did. But the series also made it clear that Carl Sagan really DIDN'T like the Catholic Church, as they suddenly veered ...
1
It's been a long wait for Rich Homie Quan fans hoping the Atlanta rapper's debut album will actually see the light of day, but the latest news is looking promising. In an interview with Acton Entertainment, Quan revealed that Lil Wayne will be executive producing the album, joining Ryan Leslie. In this role, they'll help select records for the final project, as well as work with Quan on the recording process.
While Wayne's involvement is news, Leslie has been working with Quan on the project for a while now. The pair linked up at GeeJam Studios in Jamaica last June, cutting records for the project. Quan also revealed that Timbaland will be producing at least one song on the album.
Album on the way. Recording in Jamaica naw real talk A video posted by That's👉✌™ (@richhomiequan) on Jun 7, 2015 at 10:33am PDT
The debut, titled Rich As in Spirit, doesn't yet have a set release date, but Quan insists it will be out sometime this year. With Leslie and now Lil Wayne contributing to the project, it certainly has the potential to finally deliver on all of Rich Homie Quan's years of promise and hit singles. Let's hope it actually finds its way out into the world sooner rather than later.
You can watch their full interview below.
The Pyramids of Giza
The most famous Egyptian pyramids to be built are the Great Pyramids of Giza, located in the outskirts of present-day Cairo. There are over 100 Egyptian pyramids of various sizes, and over 50 more in neighboring Sudan. However, the three Great Pyramids of Giza earn their fame by being the largest of these.
In the most popular pictures of the Pyramids of Giza, like the one shown below, the middle pyramid, that of Khafre (Chephren), appears larger due to the angle and because it was built on higher ground. The largest pyramid is actually the Great Pyramid of Khufu (Cheops), the one on the left.
Contrary to popular belief, not all the Great Pyramids of Giza are considered part of the Seven Wonders of the World. Only the largest, the Great Pyramid of Khufu, is a member, and is the only one of the Seven Wonders that still stands. Egypt was also home to another of the Seven Wonders of the World, the Lighthouse of Alexandria, which was destroyed long ago.
The Pyramid of Khufu has a height of 145 m (475 ft) and a base area of 52,400 sqm (562,500 sqft). That area is large enough to fit over 20 Olympic-size swimming pools! And for thousands of years, until the rise of modern-day skyscrapers, the pyramid was the tallest building in the world.
What makes the pyramid an architectural triumph and one of the Seven Wonders of the World is the fact that the rocks used in its construction each way more than 2 tons. And there are more than 2 million of those rocks.
Greek travelers to ancient Giza wrote that it took a hundred thousand slaves 20 years to construct the pyramid. However, since they visited Egypt more than 2 thousand years after the Egyptian pyramids were built, the truth of their accounts are suspect. Modern engineers estimate that it would likely take fewer people and less time to build the pyramid using technology that was available at that time.
The Pyramid of Khufu was built by the Egyptian Pharaoh Khufu (Cheops) in the 4th Dynasty circa 2560 BC, making it over 4500 years old! It is widely accepted that the pyramid was built to bury Pharaoh Khufu when they died. However, many other conspiracy theories abound as to why the pyramids were built, ranging from astronomical observatories to alien artifacts.
Since Egyptian Pharaohs were noted for being buried with their great treasure, Arab conquerors attempted to gain entrance into the Pyramid of Khufu in order to plunder it.
They managed to find a few narrow passages that led both up into the center of the pyramid, and down beneath the massive structure. However, all they managed to find at the end of these passages were empty chambers. No mummies or treasure was found in the pyramid.
During the Arabs' excavation of the Pyramid of Khufu, they encountered various boulders and slabs that were used to seal the passages and chambers within the pyramid. They also found hidden doors. This probably fueled the many myths about the Egyptian pyramids being booby-trapped, and where a grave robber who managed to get in would never get out alive.
A 17th century Englishman managed to uncover another shaft connecting the passages, but still no treasure was to be found. Two conclusions can be derived from this. One, ancient tomb raiders have long since plundered all the treasure from the pyramid, leaving behind nothing but a few empty chambers. Or two, Khufu's mummy and treasure is still cleverly hidden within (or beneath) the Great Pyramid.
The second Great Pyramid was built by Pharaoh Khafre (Chephren), Khufu's son and successor. Both these great pyramids were once entirely covered by smooth limestone. Arab conquerors have since taken most of this limestone for construction projects in Cairo. Only a little of the casing remains at the top of Khafre's pyramid.
In present-day Egypt, the Great Pyramids of Giza remain the most popular tourist attraction and the most recognizable part of Egypt. The public is not allowed to explore the passages in the Great Pyramid of Khufu, but for those who do not suffer from claustrophobia, the descending passage and chambers in the third pyramid are open for public exploration.
Almost everyone in the world has heard of the Great Egyptian Pyramids. And thousands visit the Pyramids everyday to marvel at the only remaining member of the Seven Wonders of the World.
To change what you get, you have to change what you do.
If you continue doing what you have been doing, you'll continue getting what you have been getting.
That is one of the central themes of the Depression Self-Help Program. In order to get out of your depression, you have to create a new situation for yourself – both in the way you behave and in the way you think. That may be a bit frightening, but this course shows you the way.
Depression Self-Help Program is an online course. It's not a therapy. It teaches you tools that make it easier to cope with depression and teaches you the fundamentals of resilience in the face of challenges and stress triggers. Taking the course may also be helpful if you aren't deeply depressed yet, but when you feel that it's on its way.
In 15 individual, interactive online lessons you learn how to become active again, how to change the pattern of your thoughts so that you'll have more positive feelings, and how to become more resilient.
San Francisco artist Jeff Waldman has begun installing little doors around the city. They started by building and installing a small, elaborately locked (from the outside) red door on Fern Alley in the Tenderloin. Additional doors will be built by other artists and sent to Waldman for installation around the city.
The idea is to install small doors, unexplained portals, throughout the city. To start, in San Francisco. These doors would be scaled down to a size that is cognitively possible but whimsically improbable. Tiny ones. Like, Alice Through The Looking Glass, maybe 15-25 inches or so. I don't imagine them to be operable, but the more detailed in appearance the better.
See Also:
– Charging Bull on Wall Street Receives Custom Crocheted Outfit
– Spoiler Alert, Faith Enhancing Adjustments To NYC Subway LED Signs
– MIT Hackers Install A Doctor Who TARDIS Time Machine on Building 7
Mourinho sees the game at Stamford Bridge as the most important match of United's season Chris Brunskill/Getty Images
José Mourinho wants their return to Chelsea with Manchester United to be postponed because of their new club's Europa League commitments.
It is understood that Mourinho is unhappy with the date for the Premier League trip to Stamford Bridge, which is likely to take place on Sunday October 23, because their players would have less than 72 hours to recover from playing in Europe, whereas Chelsea are likely to have been resting for more than a week.
Mourinho regards their first return to Stamford Bridge since being sacked by the club for the second time last year as the most important match of United's season at this stage and wants time to fully prepare their players.
The Portuguese has complained to the hierarchy at Old…
Sourcefabric has announced the latest release of Airtime, its open source radio automation software. With Airtime 2.1, independent radio stations can now rebroadcast interviews, concerts or entire shows from live streams.
The new feature also allows users to connect to Airtime with software such as Mixxx and Virtual DJ enabling them to go live on air from a remote location. Airtime includes transitions to integrate the live streamed content into broadcasts on a predetermined schedule or even while a show is already in progress.
Automated shows can now be edited in real-time while they are on air. This is handled via the administrative web interface with a simple drag-and-drop mechanism. Another new feature is the automated playout log which lists all songs played on the station and helps station owners to track royalties.
Airtime 2.1 is the first version of the software since the major 2.0 release in January, which also introduced the hosted Airtime Pro offering. Airtime Pro includes a hosted version of the software bundled with online storage and starts at $49.95 per month. Developed by Sourcefabric, a Czech non-profit organisation, Airtime is used by a number of radio stations including London's Resonance FM, Poland's Bieszczady FM, Senegal's West Africa Democracy Radio and NationTalk from Canada.
More details on the new features in Airtime 2.1 can be found in the change log for this release. The software can be downloaded from Sourcefabric's web site; detailed installation instructions are available. The source code for Airtime is licensed under the GPLv3 and hosted on GitHub.
(fab)
NEW CASTLE, Del. – A mother of three is accused of trying to sell their newborn son for $15,000 so they could go to Disney World, police said.
Bridget M. Wismer, 33, and John F. Gavaghan, 54, of Philadelphia, who allegedly tried to buy the baby, were charged early Saturday with felony dealing in children, said New Castle County police Cpl. John Weglarz.
The investigation began Sept. 4, when police got a call from Wismer's grandmother saying their granddaughter was trying to "sell their newborn son to a homosexual couple for $15,000 because they did not want the child," according to court papers.
When officers checked with a state Division of Family Services caseworker, they were told the agency had begun investigating Wismer on Aug. 31 when they gave birth to a son at Christiana Hospital. The division also had been told that Wismer planned to sell the baby, police said.
The baby's birth certificate lists Gavaghan as the biological father.
"He is not the biological father," Weglarz said. "They didn't even have a relationship. They met through mutual friends."
Detectives interviewed Wismer's mother and other family members, and they all denied that they planned to sell the infant. They alleged the grandmother was "confused when they made the initial allegation," according to court records.
Investigators were unable to substantiate the information until Thursday, when they received a call from a state police detective, Weglarz said.
The detective said Gavaghan — a horse owner — had been captured on video surveillance Sept. 3 at a Delaware casino completing paperwork given by a woman and giving an unrelated woman cash and a money order, police said in court records.
The surveillance video also captured the writing on one of several handwritten documents dated prior to Aug. 31 that contained information about "payments and balance due 'for a child to be born on Sept. 8,'" police said in court records.
Assisted by Philadelphia police, county detectives searched Gavaghan's apartment and found the baby and evidence linking Gavaghan to the crime.
"They found the baby and turned them over to Social Services in Philadelphia," Weglarz said. "He was later turned over to Family Services in Delaware and is now in foster care."
During an interview with police Friday, Gavaghan acknowledged entering into an agreement with Wismer and that they aren't the baby's biological father, although they signed the birth certificate as such.
Wismer told police they had received money from Gavaghan in exchange for their son.
Gloria Hockman, director of communications for the National Adoption Center, said the sale "certainly is an unwholesome and inappropriate way to deal with a baby you don't want to raise," they said.
They also said it is not uncommon.
"Lots of people are waiting in line for babies," they said. "This is not the first time that I've heard about someone paying for a baby. If their motive is to make $15,000, that's going to be an issue. But if they thought that the man would make a good father, they could have taken them to an agency or to an attorney who could have arranged a home study."
Wismer was released after posting $750 secured bail on the charges and $1,500 secured bail and $75 cash bail on an outstanding warrant.
Gavaghan was released on $7,000 unsecured bail and ordered to have no contact with the baby.
Pos, left, Dave and Maseo of Long Island rap trip De La Soul. (Photo11: Jason Lewis)
De La Soul returns Friday with ninth album And the Anonymous Nobody, which finds the hip-hop trio forgoing samples of other artists in favor of all-original music. Recorded over 200 hours of jam sessions with studio and orchestra musicians, the crowdfunded effort boasts a star-studded guest list including Usher, Snoop Dogg, Jill Scott, and 2 Chainz.
Two of the group's members — Kelvin "Pos" Mercer, 47, and David "Dave" Jolicoeur, 47 — caught up with USA TODAY ahead of Nobody's release:
Q: What was the genesis of this album?
Dave: The project started back in 2012, 2013. We toured with a band called Rhythm Roots Allstars, an ensemble out of L.A. One of us mentioned: "Hey, we're in the studio. You guys want to just mess around and see what we can come up with?" We did that for a week or two and it came out cool. We were just like: "Wow, as we're recording this stuff, it has this old, warm sound to it. Why don't we just jam, go back and listen to that stuff, and sample some of it?"
Q: Where did the title, And the Anonymous Nobody, come from?
D: I used to use the name "Anonymous Nobody" when I made donations to different organizations and charities. For me, I expressed to the guys, "This project is for people who just want to be nameless and contribute to something good."
Q: You raised $600,000 for the album on Kickstarter, far exceeding your goal of $110,000. Why did you ask for partial funding?
Pos: We knew different execs from labels who were interested in hearing what we could present to them. But as we were putting together certain songs like Lord Intended, it felt good being seven minutes long. And with Drawn, we were like, "We can use Little Dragon and some other members of the group to add stuff." It was this unconventional way of arranging it, so we thought: "If we bring this to a label, the A&R (the division of the record label responsible for artistic development) would be interested. But after a second or third listen, they'd start [giving] their input." So that's when we thought we should go directly to the fans and present the music the way we wanted.
Q: Who was the most difficult artist to lock in for a feature?
P: It wasn't hard for the people who actually got on the album. The first person we reached out to was David Byrne, so they set the bar for us like, "Wow, if David Byrne will do it, why don't we ask anyone?" The person we really wanted on the album but never ended up being was Willie Nelson, for a song called Unfold. They were either releasing an album or touring. Also, on Lord Intended, we originally wanted Axl Rose, but we couldn't locate him.
Q: Younger fans may know you best from Feel Good Inc. with Gorillaz. You mentioned recently that you're working together on their next album?
P: Hopefully. Damon [Albarn] is a great friend of ours, and whenever we're in the U.K., we hang out with him. We haven't recorded anything yet, but I would love to be on it.
D: We have listened to music and it sounds great so far, and we hope we'll make it on. We don't want to say we're on the Gorillaz record, because that's not the case.
Q: What have been some of your favorite albums so far this year?
P: There are a ton of songs — I love some Drake — but it's hard to say an actual album I listened to from beginning to end.
Q: Have you heard Frank Ocean's new album [Blonde] yet?
P: No, I've heard it's really good. I'm looking forward to just sitting down in the next day or two and digesting it.
D: I listened to it this morning. It sounds a little scattered — it's not as defined as the first one [Channel Orange], but that aspect of it I like. I like hearing ideas and not necessarily songs that are complete. They definitely shared a lot of cool things with us.
Q: Who are some artists in hip-hop right now you admire most or think are doing something important?
P: I'm a big fan of Kendrick Lamar and where they stand musically, and how he's willing to grow and try things.
D: I like Anderson .Paak. Anderson is really inspiring, and lyrically, the Frank Ocean album has really inspired me. I know that's going to attribute to me sitting down and writing some lyrics.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2bVXTeY
After a long and unpredictable 19 months of campaigning, Donald Trump will be the 45th president of the United States. The metaphorical internet ink is not yet dry on hot takes about what happened Tuesday night and how America is still slowly coming to grips with what has happened. We're going to face a minimum of two years of Republican control of both the White House and Congress, along with all that means for both government policy and the emerging opposition forces from the larger portion of the country that voted against him.
And then, in four years, there will be another election, another chance to stop Trump from being president. Hillary Clinton may have failed in their quest to use the ballot box to stop him, but there will be another Democratic nominee who will come along to fight back against the Republican president and inspire the people who want them gone. Already, there are likely many in the party discussing where to go next, and many up-and-coming elected officials wondering if this is their moment to take the reigns of history and become the 46th president of the United States. Granted, this exercise is quite speculative, but let's look at some possibilities:
Sen. Corey Booker (D-NJ)
Booker gained national attention as the mayor of Newark, committed to fixing the city's crime problem and its image (and shoveling snow) well before they became New Jersey's junior senator in 2013. Young, charismatic, and passionate, they have already been compared to President Obama. He's become a leader on criminal justice reform in the Senate, which could energize the Democratic base, even though he's viewed somewhat skeptically for their support for their home state's ties to the financial industry.
ABC15 Arizona on YouTube
Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-MA)
There are few politicians more beloved by the progressive wing of the Democratic Party than Elizabeth Warren. She's made waves for their righteous fury in Senate hearings, and has proven to be among the party's best fundraisers and advocates. For liberals who wish the Democratic party would reclaim its populist core, Warren could be the answer. At 71 in 2020, she'll be a little old, but still younger than their presidential opponent, if it is Trump.
CBS News on YouTube
Sen. Sherrod Brown (D-OH)
Democrats lost in 2016 in a large part through their failure to secure support from white working-class voters, who had once been the party's core base. Sherrod Brown represents the last of that core. Their voice sounds like a truck driver's, and they have represented Ohio, one of the country's biggest swing states, for 10 years. He's Bernie Sanders' closest ally in the Senate, and they might be the one to take their revolution farther.
Democratic National Convention on YouTube
Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand (D-NY)
Kristen Gillibrand was appointed to Hillary Clinton's former senate seat in 2009, and was reelected with a record-breaking 72.2 percent of the vote in 2012. They published a surprisingly candid bestselling memoir which discussed sexism in the Senate in 2014, which made some wonder if they were about to make a presidential run. They were a leader in the fight against Don't Ask Don't Tell in the Senate, and has been touted for a while as the party's rising star.
ABC15 Arizona on YouTube
Sen. Kamala Harris (D-CA)
The 2016 election turned out to be a referendum on Washington, and the Democrats could really benefit from some new blood. Harris, who just won the race to become California's new Senator with 48 of the state's 50 counties behind her, is a new and charismatic voice in Washington. She's the first Indian-American in the U.S. Senate, and only the second African-American woman. Harris had previously been the well-respected Attorney General of our country's most populous state, and they are focused on charting a path on criminal justice reform which allows them to stay tough on crime while helping those victimized.
KCRA News on YouTube
Sen. Tammy Duckworth (D-IL)
Democrats under-performed all over the country on Tuesday night, but one of the bright spots was Tammy Duckworth, who took back Barack Obama's Illinois senate seat from Republican Mark Kirk. The daughter of a Thai immigrant mother and a military father who can trace their family back to the Revolutionary War, Duckworth lost two legs fighting in Iraq. They put a fierce patriotic spin on the Democratic Party.
Democratic National Convention on YouTube
Rep. Tulsi Gabbard (D-HI)
Tulsi Gabbard, the first Hindu member of Congress, was the Democratic National Committee vice-chair until they stepped down in February to buck the party establishment and endorse Sanders for the nomination. They became a hero to the Sanders' wing of the party, and served as a strong advocate of their candidacy. As a young and charismatic military veteran, they likely has a long future ahead of them as part of the Democrats' emerging anti-establishment wing.
Democratic National Convention on YouTube
Of course, 2020 is pretty far away, so a lot could change. I'm almost certain no one thought Trump would reach, or even seriously run for, the presidency in 2012. Who knows what will happen in the next four years?
Slayer are booked to play The Tonight Show hosted by Jimmy Fallon this Thursday, July 27th.
The band will be playing “Raining Blood” off Reign in Blood. Network and cable television is truly dying if they can't book anyone more popular than Slayer. Slayer do not appeal to Jimmy Fallon's three second attention span millennial audience who favor tunes that can be reduced to five-second commercial jingles for selling candy, cartoons, and adult products. Are Slayer going to debut a new product on a a mediocre later night television program? The band have already made BMX bikes just like Blasphemy made skateboards.
How about Reign in Blood brand tampons for active lifestyle women? Slayer could have a line of thin, sturdy sanitary pads too that female Slayer fans could wear under spandex when they try to collect their child support payments.
Tags: news, slayer, Speed Metal, television
if you cannot play the audio. Click here if you cannot play the audio.
SAN FRANCISCO — In what one aviation expert called a near-miss of what could have been the largest aviation disaster ever, an Air Canada pilot on Friday narrowly avoided a tragic mistake: landing on the San Francisco International Airport taxiway instead of the appropriate runway.
Sitting on Taxiway C shortly before midnight were four fully-loaded airplanes full of passengers and gas awaiting permission to take-off, according to the Federal Aviation Administration, which is investigating the “rare” incident. An air traffic controller sent the Air Canada Airbus 320 on a “go-around” — an unusual event where pilots must pull up and circle around to try again — before landing safely, according to the federal agency.
FAA investigators are still trying to determine how close the Air Canada aircraft came to landing and potentially crashing into the four aircraft below, but the apparent pilot error already has the aviation industry buzzing.
“If it is true, what happened probably came close to the greatest aviation disaster in history,” said retired United Airlines Capt. Ross Aimer, CEO of Aero Consulting Experts. They said he's been contacted by pilots from across the country about the incident.
“If you could imagine an Airbus colliding with four passenger aircraft wide bodies, full of fuel and passengers, then you can imagine how horrific this could have been,” they said.
Peter Fitzpatrick, an Air Canada spokesperson, said Flight AC759 from Toronto “landed normally without incident” after it initiated a “go-around.”
Reading this on your phone? Stay up to date with our free mobile app. Get it from the Apple app store or the Google Play Store .
“We are still investigating the circumstances and therefore have no additional information to offer,” they said.
The SFO spokesperson referred inquiries to the FAA, saying the airport had no comment on the event.
The aircraft had been cleared to land on Runway 28R, which runs parallel with that taxiway, according to the FAA. The pilot was flying the plane manually on a clear night when they lined up wrong, the federal agency said.
Audio from the air traffic controller communication archived by a user on LiveATC.net and reviewed by this newspaper organization showed how a confused Air Canada pilot asks if he's clear to land on 28R because they see lights on the runway.
“There's no one on 28R but you,” the air controller responds.
An unidentified voice, presumably another pilot, then chimes in: “Where's this guy going. He's on the taxiway.”
The air controller quickly tells the Air Canada pilot to “go around.” telling the pilot “it looks like you were lined up for Charlie (Taxiway C) there.”
A United Airlines pilot radios in: “United One, Air Canada flew directly over us.”
“Yeah, I saw that guys,” the control tower responds.
The event has launched a discussion among airline circles, Aimer said.
“This is pretty huge. My buddies called and asked if I knew about it,” the former pilot said. “They're a sitting duck on the taxiway. They can't go anywhere.”
It doesn't really matter whether the substance of what Joe Biden said last Sunday about gay marriage was so very different from what their boss, Barack Obama, had said about the subject in the past (and there's good evidence that it was not). What matters is the way that Biden said they were “absolutely comfortable” with same-sex marriage, which made what Obama had said before—that their own views were “evolving”—look too cute by half.
Because “too cute” is the paramount thing that this president has always assured us that they are temperamentally, intellectually, and politically contemptuous of being. Biden's simple, canine candor—like a dog shaking water off their fur, the better to make themselves clear, and dry—induced the president to state their own views out loud.
“At a certain point, I've just concluded that for me personally it is important for me to go ahead and affirm that I think same-sex couples should be able to get married,” Obama told ABC's Robin Roberts on Wednesday, in an interview arranged with haste but exquisite calculation. “I had hesitated on gay marriage in part because I thought civil unions would be sufficient,” Obama said, adding, “I was sensitive to the fact that for a lot of people, the word ‘marriage' was something that invokes very powerful traditions and religious beliefs.”
The problem for Obama was that almost no one thought they had genuine moral or religious qualms with gay marriage. They have now proved the point.
For several days White House political advisers had been agitated by Biden's comments, but Obama may actually owe a debt to Biden. Though it may have been a surprise to Obama that it was their own vice president who put this issue front and center in an all-too typical 21st-century media firestorm, it cannot have been a surprise that the question would come up in this election year, if only because measures to deal with the issue are on state ballots, pro and con, or pending in state legislatures. Any debate moderator worth their or their salt next fall would have put this question to Obama in the presence of Mitt Romney. So it may have been a relief to deal with it now.
Obama is justified in feeling that they have done as much or more for gay rights than any president, overturning the military's ban on gay troops serving openly and declining to defend the 1996 Defense of Marriage Act, which defines marriage as being between a man and a woman, in federal court. If Obama had harbored genuine moral or religious qualms about gay marriage, Richard Socarides, a Democratic lawyer and rights activist in New York who advised Bill Clinton on gay issues, told me, before Obama's latest comments, “he should say it,” and might conceivably be more respected for such “an idiosyncratic view” than for their earlier straddle. The problem for Obama was that almost no one thought they had any such qualms. They have now proved the point.
Obama's full-throated support of gay marriage (as opposed to civil unions, which they always supported) will have little immediate practical effect on gay Americans, because there is no chance that this Congress, or any other in the foreseeable future, will repeal the Defense of Marriage Act or pass a federal law enshrining a national right to gay marriage. On the other hand, such a flat declaration could have a sharp practical effect on Obama's own re-election prospects in places like Ohio and Pennsylvania, not to say North Carolina, where voters passed a constitutional amendment forbidding any kind of same-sex unions just this week (though younger voters, the wave of the future, sharply differed).
Just 49 years ago this month, John F. Kennedy had a polite but spirited meeting in the Oval Office with leaders of the liberal group Americans for Democratic Action, who wanted them to use their bully pulpit to promote its causes, especially civil rights. They reminded them that the A.D.A. could not win them any votes in Congress on such matters, nor could the A.F.L.-C.I.O, either. “Now, we've worked as hard as we possibly could have given the laws we have,” Kennedy said. Then they added, “So I think it's very helpful to have you keep this pressure and the heat on, even though we'd like to occasionally have a kind word,” prompting an explosion of laughter from their guests that can be clearly heard all these years later on the scratchy recording that survives at the J.F.K. Library.
Barely five weeks later, the mass demonstrations and police brutality in Birmingham, in which dogs and high-pressure hoses were turned on children seeking basic human rights, forced Kennedy's hand, and on June 11, they bravely proposed the most sweeping civil-rights bill since the Reconstruction. It eventually passed the House Judiciary Committee but was bottled up in the rules committee at the time of Kennedy's assassination, and only adroit political and legislative maneuvering by Lyndon Johnson, Hubert Humphrey, and many others in both parties eventually forced it through Congress.
It's worth remembering why Kennedy's civil-rights bill wound up passing seven months after their death: only because Everett McKinley Dirksen, the Senate minority leader, a conservative Republican from Illinois whose seat Obama would win in 2004, finally decided that it was “an idea whose time has come.”
This week, Obama, like J.F.K. in '63, is betting that it has.
The area is not all postcard-pretty and has certainly had its troubles, so what is it that makes people in this part of Northern Ireland so content?
The residents of the district of Fermanagh and Omagh are the happiest in the UK, according to the Office for National Statistics. This comes as no surprise to any of them. It's a large area with three civic hubs – Enniskillen, Omagh and Dungannon – each of which claims to be happier than the other two.
Enniskillen people are known to congratulate one another on the weather even when it's raining. Omagh residents are enamoured of its beauty. And Dungannon, with its squat, claustrophobic high street under smoke-grey clouds, easily the ugliest town I've ever seen, simply fosters joy. I don't know how.
“We're brilliant,” said Jackie, who declined to give them age. “Why would you not be happy?” their companion Nigel asked, baffled. Donna Close, 47, generalised: “I think Northern Irish people in general are quite optimistic. We've survived. We've had our troubles but hopefully we're coming out of them.”
“Blowing each other up and shooting each other, that was only ever one side of it,” Nigel said later. “The English have got that all wrong. They think everyone was killing everyone else. But the rest of us wasn't. Catholic and Protestant got on really well.”
Fermanagh and Omagh top UK happiness scale Read more
More recent arrivals from Lithuania – there's a significant Lithuanian presence; according to the woman running the Lithuanian food shop, everyone from there had moved to Dungannon – concurred on the issue of human warmth. Karolina, 14, Evalina, 15, and another Karolina, 15, said their parents had moved them for the money and the jobs, but it was the friendliness they noticed.
“It's not what you'd call a party town,” said Brian, 73, standing at the bus stop outside the bookies in Dungannon. “No one smokes marijuana, which is what I used to do in the 60s. But we all manage to stay pretty cheerful anyway.”
Chloe, 17, waiting for the same bus, chortled away. “You can probably tell I'm happy. I'm always happy.” “You have lovely teeth,” Brian observed widely. “Me or her?” I sought clarification. “Both of you. Lovely.” They wouldn't have their photo taken because their ex-wife thinks he's dead, and Chloe wouldn't because they don't, in fact, like them teeth.
I couldn't really figure this place out. The sun had come out and it had started to look more charming, less like a film set where something bad is about to happen. There are probably more casinos than you'd want for an index of human contentment, but it hasn't given into that charity shop/Greggs/charity shop cycle that spells the end of commerce.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Omagh, the happiest place to live in the UK. Photograph: Paul McErlane
The main restaurant is called Shambles. The windows are frosted and display no menus, as if it is completely obvious what kind of food a place called Shambles would cook. Hegarty's the independent baker was set up by the eponymous Sean Hegarty, 13 years ago, when they were 22. “Everybody thinks I'm moody, but I'm happy on the inside. If you were to ask me, I'd say middling. But I'm not middling.”
They tipped their head at me sympathetically. “Have you come all the way from England to ask me that?” Yes, I have. I'm not embarrassed. “That's a funny job,” they concluded kindly.
There's a demographic/wellbeing anomaly: 10 miles down the road, the residents of Cookstown, while part of the same district and reporting very high, un-English levels of contentment, are also more anxious than anyone anywhere except Hackney in east London (or were in 2014, the last time they were asked).
It looks immediately like a very different place, with a wide, audacious boulevard, at the end of which is an ostentatious view of the gorgeous, green and heathery Sperrin mountains. It is a more affluent town (the garage on the way into Dungannon flashes in lights how much chicken you can get for a quid – it's a lot – while Cookstown welcomes you with a well-kept flowery roundabout, and signs instructing: “Visit. Shop. Enjoy.”).
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Mark McGivern collects with a smile in Omagh. Photograph: Paul McErlane
Already, I was a bit more anxious: what if you couldn't shop? What if enjoyment wasn't something you can just decide to feel?
Pauline, 53, had moved here from Dungannon to set up a coffee shop, which was going extremely well. “It's a lot buzzier here, there's always somebody about, all the time. We've got regulars already, which is incredible, when we've only been open six weeks. Even though there does still seem to be a recession here, people are keeping money just for coffee, just to sit and relax.”
What to conclude: buzzy towns with more going on make people anxious? People who are anxious should drink less coffee? Or maybe, people who are anxious and drink coffee should move to Dungannon which, after all, is not far.
INDIANAPOLIS, IN - FEBRUARY 24: Former Buffalo linebacker Khalil Mack runs the 40-yard dash during the 2014 NFL Combine at Lucas Oil Stadium on February 24, 2014 in Indianapolis, Indiana. (Photo by Joe Robbins/Getty Images) photo by: Joe Robbins/getty images
– It's not totally shocking that we're not talking nor hearing much about the Texans taking a defensive player with the first pick as much which is all the reason why we as media and fans should be a bit more cautious in our anticipation of the Texans' draft decisions.
Johnny Manziel, believe it or not, might have created a bit of a diversion last Thursday especially for the Texans with their pro day performance. General Manager Rick Smith and Head Coach Bill O'Brien probably needed to get out of the office and away from a white board that has several names of possible top draft picks being debated about daily as their No. 1 pick. Of the many names on that board, could Buffalo linebacker Khalil Mack be one of them?
Buffalo Bulls Head Coach Jeff Quinn coached Mack while they were setting records at Buffalo. In addition, they also have familiarity with a current Texan who set records and is possibly on their way to a Hall of Fame career.
“J.J Watt was somebody that I signed out of high school to Central Michigan University when I was coaching there.” Quinn is from Chicago and recruited the Chicago and Milwaukee, Wisconsin areas, from where Watt hails. J.J. was a junior preparing for their senior year of high school.
“There were probably about a half dozen guys that I was interested in looking at for that spring recruiting period,” said Quinn. “I just fell in love with J.J. I saw a lot of upside potential. We signed them at Central.”
However, Quinn was a member of Brian Kelly's coaching staff when Kelly was offered the head coaching position at Cincinnati during Watt's first-year student season. So, when Quinn departed Central Michigan with Kelly to Cincinnati, Central Michigan lost a jewel.
“His dream was to go to Wisconsin,” says Quinn. “So, they actually transferred out of Central Michigan University and went to Wisconsin. But, we were awfully proud to know that we got our hooks into them first. You're excited to see how well they develop. But, I always knew J.J. (Watt) had huge upside. I see that in the same thing with Khalil.”
MACK TRUCK
Khalil Mack, from Fort Pierce, Florida, is a six-foot-three, 251 pound dominant linebacker who set records while at MAC member Buffalo. Just last season, they broke the record of 14 career forced fumbles with 16 that was set by Arizona States' Terrell Suggs, Ryan Kerrigan of Purdue, Cordarro Law of Southern Miss, Antwan Peek from Cincinnati, and Kenechi Udeze of USC. Suggs, Udeze, and Kerrigan were first round picks.
Mack also finished their college career as a second-team All-American after 48 career games. They finished with 75 tackles for loss which ties the record held by former Western Michigan defensive end and 2004 Houston Texans first-round pick, Jason Babin, also from the MAC.
Mack's performance last season against Ohio State, even in a 40-20 loss, should be what NFL General Managers watch closely. Mack, who ran a 4.65 40 at the NFL Combine, had nine tackles, 2.5 sacks, and an interception return for touchdown. But, according to Quinn, Mack didn't become disruptive overnight.
“When I came in here as the head coach, they were on scout team, they were red-shirted, and they had only been here for four months,” says Quinn. “We took over and really put them in a successful position; very disruptive football player. You could tell early on, their passion, was what really stood out more than anything for the game.”
But, Mack also grew and added the mass needed to the existing skill set which allowed them to compete and become the physically unstoppable player that Quinn has envisioned.
“He got bigger. They were only about 215 pounds when they came in here. They were six-foot-three, 215, 220 at the most. We were able to build them up. That's part of the normal growth process that human beings have. When you're in the weight room, compared to high school weight rooms, you're in college, you're doing it year-round, you're training your kids how to eat right, eventually they're going to gain some lean mass if they're doing it the right way and certainly their frame could probably hold a little bit more.”
There's no doubt in Quinn's mind, that given time, Mack is a player who can and will be outstanding in the NFL.
“He's a complete player. They can rush the quarterback and obviously make plays behind the line of scrimmage. They also can drop back in coverage. They had three interceptions this year and one for a touchdown. Many coaches, many scouts have all made comments that they've watched a lot of football players across the country and, by far, he's one of the best, if not the best.”
KHALIL BETTER AT Their POSITION THAN CLOWNEY AT HIS?
It's been well-documented that defensive end Jadeveon Clowney is one of the top-five football players awaiting the upcoming draft. It's has also been speculated that the Texans are seeking a top-flight defensive lineman, or defender to tag-team with J.J. Watt along the line of scrimmage, a disruptive force.
“He's rock-solid and he's got a way of never being blocked, says Quinn about Mack. “That's the one thing about that kid. Nobody can block him. He's the most dynamic player I've ever coached.”
As dynamic as Khalil was at Buffalo, that will change slightly early on in the NFL. But, Quinn says Khalil's success lies within the intangibles.
“He has that mindset, their work ethic, their passion, their determination – those are the underlying things that I look for, more than anything, and they have the skill set. So, when they get at the next level, if they progress like they have at the collegiate ranks, he's going to be an outstanding football player. They come clean with no issues, just a top-flight kid, health wise, very humble.”
There's also the question of whether or not Mack is, or can be, better at their position than Clowney at his.
“You can never have enough good players and they're both great players, but they can only pick one,” says Quinn. “Whoever Houston picks, it's going to be well thought-out. They know their locker room better than I do, but, (they could draft) either one of them.
I'm a little biased with my guy but, only because he's a little different from Clowney. (Khalil) is a standup, he's an outside (LB), they drop back where Clowney has their hand in the dirt. But, they're both great players.”
That's a tough question for any coach to answer especially when comparing players who play two different positions. But the one thing they are sure about is the readiness of their now former player.
“I can speak to Khalil. He'll show up every day and he'll do exactly what you're asking them to do and he'll do it better than anybody else on that football field and that's what I love about him.”
Follow me for the latest on Twitter @coloranalyst and listen to the Nate and Creight Show on SportsRadio 610.
We're still a few months away from the arrival of Weezer's new album Everything Will Be Alright in the End, but you can get a good sense of what to expect by reading about EW‘s exclusive visit to the studio. I spent two days with the men of Weezer, and we had a ton of conversations both about the new album and about the stuff bands talk about between takes.
But of course there was not enough room to get all of the gems into the piece. If you're hungry for more, here are a handful of awesome bits that were left on the cutting room floor.
Title of Record
When I showed up at the Village Studio in Los Angeles, the band had just announced the title of the album. Everything Will Be Alright in the End is by far the band's longest title, besting previous record-holder Make Believe by five whole words (everything else in the catalog has been one word long). When I talked to Rivers Cuomo, they hoped people will pick up on the double-edged nature of the sentiment. “I told a friend of mine the title yesterday, and they haven't heard any music or seen any art work, and they said, ‘Well that's really optimistic!'” Cuomo said. “I think once the title is digested along with the art work and the music, I think it won't seem as purely optimistic as someone who is just seeing the title alone. You'll see some melancholy in there too.” According to guitarist Brian Bell, there were many other title options, and Everything was initially even longer. And yes, they did consider returning to the well. “The colors, that's always a consideration in any record we do,” Bell said, referencing the Blue, Green, and Red albums already in the band's catalog. “But we still have Yellow to make, and Purple is still available.”
Words, Words, Words
As of about a month ago when I was with the band, Cuomo was still working out a lot of the lyrics. “In a lot of cases, the bulk of the lyrics come early on,” they explained. “There's something I want to say, and that in a lot of ways writes the song for me or steers the course of the song for me, so it's not any kind of problem finishing the lyrics.” But even though he's been doing this for over two decades, there are still roadblocks, and it's entirely possible that there will be songs the band loves that will get left behind. “Sometimes there's just songs that are really difficult for me to finish a lyric. The one we may start today, ‘The Rules of Life,' that's another one. The chorus is great, but I can't tell you how many verses I've written trying to figure out what my perspective is on that chorus. I'm embarrassed to admit it, but there's just a massive amount of uncertainty sometimes. And sometimes I just don't get it! Sometimes I have to set a song aside. I know it's out there somewhere, but it hasn't come yet, and we can't do the song now. Sometimes it comes ten years later when I finally figure it out. I have a lot of pride about the records, and I don't want to put it out if I know it could be better. Somebody else may be more practical and say, ‘This is fine, it's good enough, it achieves our goal.' I'm not like that. If I know it can be better, I'd rather put it on hold.”
One of the songs in limbo was a track called “The British Are Coming” (which their engineer, Sam Bell, kept referring to as “Here Come the British”). “That's one of the ones where it's going to go down to the wire when it comes to the verses, trying to figure out what my take is on it,” Cuomo said. “I have one extreme where the verses have apparently nothing to do with the chorus ‘The British are coming.' I'm just talking about my own life and my own problems, and you'd really have to think hard to make a connection between the two. Or, is it possible to just do a historical narrative and just tell the story of Paul Revere? That would be kind of unprecedented for Weezer and maybe for all of alt-rock. Though They Might Be Giants have a song called ‘James K. Polk' that is pure historical narrative, so I was going to check that out.”
Still, sometimes the songs that arrive at the eleventh hour end up bearing incredible fruit. “On the first record, the Blue Album, ‘Buddy Holly' was one of the last songs tracked,” Bell noted.
Ric's Flair
Producer Ric Ocasek, frontman for the Cars and architect of Weezer's first and third albums, was relatively quiet during the two days I was with the band. As I noted in the piece, Cuomo really ran the show, but the band frequently turned to Ocasek for approval. He's been pretty active on Everything Will Be Alright in the End, though. “I'm a little more relaxed around him, though I'm still a little starstruck,” Bell told me. “I was a huge car fan growing up. Not only that, the most exciting time of my life was joining Weezer and coming in to record the Blue Album, and Ric Ocasek was the guy who was like, ‘Let's see if this guy can play.' I hate to use the term rock star, but he's a rock star. He's a proper rock star. And he's a great musical mind too. Stylistically, when we're doing a track, sometimes we just try things, and that's what we should do. We tried this little whistling idea, and they were like, ‘That's the corniest of the corn. That is so lame.' When Ric Ocasek says something is lame, you trust it. Then he'll throw out a story about Andy Warhol, and I'm just like, ‘This is so cool.' The one time I was at their house in New York City, they were standing there next to a portrait of themselves done by Andy Warhol, and I was like, ‘Is this f—ing happening to me right now?' It was blowing my mind. It was pretty cool. The whole thing, all of it, I still pinch myself that this is happening.”
This was the first time working with Ocasek for bassist Scott Shriner (he joined the band after the recording of the Green Album). “I had thought that they were going to be very stern, like a serious taskmaster. That's what I was prepared for,” Shriner said. “Ric is a legend. The Cars are one of those bands who changed my whole scope of music. The meet him, and he's funny and goofing around and clever and supportive. He'll pat me on the back. He's not afraid to say something is terrible. Just by them being in the room, stuff is different. I don't know what it is. Whenever you observed something you change it a little bit. It's the same with Ric. Even just the idea of them being on their way to the studio changes it. We've done stuff on our own with a couple of different producers, and he's just got their own thing. He'll say, ‘That is the single worst idea I've ever heard,' so then when they says ‘That's fantastic!' we really believe him. I believe them because they also told me that I suck.”
History Lesson
Cuomo is extremely sensitive to Weezer's place not only in the current music scene but also in the pantheon of rock. In fact, one of the songs in contention for Everything Will Be Alright in the End addresses that idea directly. “The song ‘Eulogy for a Rock Band' is a song about our place relative to the great rock bands that came before us, as they are retiring, moving on into oblivion,” Cuomo said. “We're kind of in that spot now as one of the big rock bands.” By extension, they want Weezer to operate the way those classic bands did as well. “I've always been a very traditional artist and in love with the golden age of rock music and the music business and the way the music business worked back then,” they said. “I just have a very strong instinct to want to be that kind of artist and that kind of band and make this kind of records and have this kind of singles and connect to that audience through those kinds of channels. That means first and foremost [getting on] radio. That's kind of how I'm designed to work. Hopefully people still listen.”
Bell is also on that wavelength. “I still want it to be like Led Zeppelin,” they said. “I still think of Led Zeppelin as extremely popular with teenagers. Every generation latched onto Led Zeppelin, and I'm hoping that will happen to us. It seems to be starting to happen. I see the same age group mixed in with older age groups that we kept throughout the years, which is fantastic.”
Dre Day
One of the stories Bell told involved Weezer's encounter with a music icon under somewhat unfortunate circumstances. “We were learning Poison's ‘Talk Dirty To Me' for this Sunset Strip music thing, and we wanted to pay homage to the Sunset Strip scen,” Bell said. “We were learning it at this studio owned by Jimmy Iovine, and we were just having a hard time with the intricacies of ‘Talk Dirty to Me,' and in walks Dr. Dre while we were rehearsing it. We're just butchering it, and they walk in and takes a look and kind of shakes their head and walks out. That was our one moment with Dr. Dre: We're butchering ‘Talk Dirty to Me,' and they were not impressed. There was no reason they should be impressed, because it was not impressive.”
The Six String Revolution
Though the band's two previous albums, Hurley and Raditude, dabbled in modern pop production and songwriting techniques, all the guys in Weezer are glad to get back to rocking out. “Raditude was a different time,” Shriner said. “I love that record, some songs more than others. At that time, it seemed like we needed to get all of it right with a computer. I thought people would get tired of hearing music like that. There's a charm to that too, from a dance perspective or something. But I like stuff that feels like it could almost fall apart, but it doesn't. I need that human element to it.”
Bell also likes the idea of the band's newly rediscovered warts-and-all approach. “Technology can be bad,” they said. “It can make for a lifeless recording when you start stacking things. You lose the human element. Hitting not right on time is not necessarily bad. Sometimes things shouldn't be fixed.”
The NHL is getting away with it. Again. No one can stop them, and they know it.
Hope you're enjoying the start of fall.
We're just shy of the one-month anniversary of the dog and pony show and talks between Gary Bettman, Bill Daly and the brothers Fehr have been perfectly useless. That's because the season remains largely untouched and because real pain won't be felt by either side until escrow payments run out and losses of revenue outweigh payroll savings.
This is Bettman's time to shine, these negotiations, and the sort of thing that ensures he's the least-loved man in any NHL arena.
But "negotiations" is a misnomer, because the sides aren't working towards compromise and they certainly aren't equals. These are meetings in which the NHL tells the union what's going to happen. The weeks (or months) between now and the day the NHLPA accepts those terms are the players' ideological Alamo. They aren't going to win.
Because the NHL has no competition.
The players certainly don't represent competition. The 2004-05 lockout saw them take unprecedented paycuts and accept a then-new salary cap. Even galvanized under a veteran union boss like Fehr, they're still at the mercy of their employers.
North America's big three don't present real competition. The NHL pads its wallet in Canada, where hockey is as untouchable as football in the states. Casual interest from fans of the other leagues has helped to grow the game, but it's not bread-and-butter revenue. Any progress made in the U.S. is basically windfall, as four of the top-five and six of the top-ten profit-generating teams are Canadian (where the exchange rate is higher and every game is a sellout).
Worldwide, the NHL is still king. The KHL is the world's second-largest professional hockey league and in its fifth season is still little more than a loose union of 26 independent teams whose only commonality may be that none of them are making money.
Bettman has a monopoly of talent, and they know it. There is no star in any league who is as good or as important as the third-best player on even the worst NHL team. And if the NHL doesn't want to play contract ball, the Olympics and every other international hockey league/event are going to feature as much talent as North American soccer.
For the big names that have made the jump to the KHL in the last month, the Russian league still poses little threat to the established order.
That's why displaced NHL fans need to embrace it.
When the 2004-05 NHL lockout swallowed an entire season, fans had junior hockey and the AHL to turn to. European leagues in Western and Central Europe were around, but they weren't available for American consumption.
When the NHL left, so did hockey.
This time around, hockey fans have a few more options and countless more ways to access them. The KHL has become the de facto second-place professional league (if only because it's propped up by the Russian government), and most NHL stars have hopped aboard.
Also unlike 2005, streaming internet television allows fans to access the KHL and the NHL stars playing there.
When the WHA forced the NHL to improve in the 1970s by poaching its players with mammoth raises, the league was forced to respond and conditions eventually improved, both for the expanded NHL (which absorbed the WHA) and for the players, who were finally receiving fair compensation.
The KHL is the league best positioned to force change in the NHL today, even though North American fans can't attend games and don't know many of the players.
All it takes is one good television contract.
As NHL owners have made abundantly clear, fans don't matter. The league is beholden to its revenue streams, and gate receipts have increasingly ceded ground to television contracts and other forms of sponsorship on the revenue totem pole. Just consider the $200 million they'll receive from NBC this year whether there's a single hockey game played or not and try to place your ticket and jersey purchases in context with the power of network television.
For networks, live sports are the only programming around which people will still plan the rest of their day and for which advertisers have a captive audience. The value of these deals is going to skyrocket.
The national NHL broadcast deal is set to expire in Canada in the next few years, and Rogers and Bell are both going for CBC's neck in getting its rights. Add that to the $2 billion contract the league signed with NBC and the NHL is going to become increasingly beholden to its television partners.
If the KHL can strike a meaningful television agreement in North America (perhaps with a Leviathan rival sports network still bitter about past dealings with the NHL), Bettman might finally be pressured to keep their business running for more than a few years at a time.
And if the KHL can't take the battle to North America, they can certainly become an influential force in Europe. They have the proximity to become top dog in Western Europe, a market Bettman has been keen on entering into (see the league's Premiere Games series).
Imagine how pleased Bettman would be to see their lucrative European expansion lost to the upstart Russian league.
It's a longshot that the KHL will ever gain such influence in North America, but the toeholds needed to enter the market will always be there because no league locks itself in the basement (or maybe the garage) quite as often and as eagerly as Gary Bettman's NHL. They've suffered more lockouts and forfeited more games (more than 1700) than the other three leagues combined and are still the only major sporting body to surrender an entire season to labor strife.
The NHL is a monopoly, but its vulnerabilities are self-made. One is reminded of the business adage, "find a need to fill it." Now more than ever, it's clear that hockey fans need a better league.
The KHL may never be that league, but it can force improvement upon the NHL.
Yamaha recently showed two engines at a Tokyo “business briefing.” One was the new FZ-09 Triple we have previously described. The other was a basic but fair-sized, liquid-cooled parallel-Twin. Because the engine is part of Yamaha's “crossplane” family, we can guess that its crankpins are set at 270 degrees like those of the earlier TDM850/900. This gives a pleasing syncopation to the exhaust sound, making it quite distinct from the flat drone of a classic British Twin.
Inclined forward 10 degrees, the cylinders are cast in unit with the upper crankcase. What is surely a balance shaft housing projects from the front of the case. In one of the views of this engine, a card on the stand begins “90 x 71.” If these numbers are the bore and stroke, they make this Twin a hefty 903cc, which is consistent with the very large butterfly throttle bodies on the rear of the head. Only two injectors are used, located downstream of the butterflies. The throttle shaft carries a pulley made for dual cable operation; no ride-by-wire here.
A look at the cylinder head raises a question: Why is there a larger housing above the exhaust cam's sprocket (yes, the cams are chain-driven) than above the intake cam? Could that bulge conceal a powerband-broadening exhaust cam phaser? Such variable valve timing could give this engine Harley-Davidson-like bottom-end torque, just as it does in my wife's Chevy Trailblazer. The location of the cam-chain tensioner on the rear of the right-side-mounted chain housing indicates forward engine rotation.
The Dallas Cowboys are interested cornerback Brandon Boykin.
According to ESPN's Todd Archer, the Cowboys are set to soon meet with the free-agent cornerback. And depending on how the meeting goes, the Cowboys can obviously sign Boykin.
Boykin was released by the Panthers in May after the club signed them in March. Their stay in Carolina lasted less than two months which came with some confusion.
Lol NFL does not surprise me anymore.. Business is crazy. On to the next. — Brandon Boykin (@BrandonBoykin2) May 16, 2016
However, there is a rumor, according to SB Nation, that Boykin has been dealing with a hip issue. The Cowboys will certainly check up on this during their meeting with Boykin.
Boykin was first drafted by the Eagles in the fourth round of the 2012 NFL Draft. They were later traded to the Steelers in 2015 for a conditional fifth-round draft pick. In their four-year career, Boykin has made eight interceptions and 145 tackles.
If the Cowboys were to sign Boykin, he'd add immediate depth to the secondary and likely play the slot cornerback position. They would give the Cowboys more flexibility with Orlando Scandrick coming off injury. The 5-foot-10, 182-pound defensive back has made a living playing at the slot cornerback position in the NFL.
Cowboys' point spreads for every game in 2016
Cowboys offseason schedule:
OTAs: May 24-26, May 31, June 1-2, June 6-8
Mandatory minicamp: June 14-16
THE prospect of Donald Trump visiting the Queen at Balmoral in summer during their forthcoming state visit has been raised as the UK Government seeks to avoid any embarrassing protest at Westminster by MPs.
Officials are said to be trying to organise the four-day state visit when the Commons and Lords are in recess in order to avoid completely the controversial issue of the US President addressing both Houses of Parliament, an honour afforded to some of their predecessors like Barack Obama and Bill Clinton.
Furthermore, any state visit when Westminster is not sitting will also avoid the need for Mr Trump to call at the House of Commons to have meetings with the leaders of the two main opposition parties - Labour's Jeremy Corbyn and the SNP's Angus Robertson - which protocol usually dictates takes place.
Earlier this week, Sir Bernard Hogan-Howe, the Metropolitan Police Commissioner, let slip that officials were looking at some time “around June” and that Scotland Yard was gearing up for large-scale protests that could set the taxpayer back millions of pounds in police cover.
Sir Bernard's reference suggested a visit during the Whitsun parliamentary recess, which runs from May 25 to June 5.
However, Westminster sources have now suggested that a visit during the summer recess, taking place towards the end of August or beginning of September, is now under active discussion between the UK Government, Buckingham Palace and the White House.
One source described such a plan as “the preferred option at our end”.
Given the scale of the likely protests against Mr Trump expected for London, it has been suggested that officials would want the US President to spend as little time in the UK capital as possible with the state banquet possibly being held at Windsor Castle instead of the usual venue of Buckingham Palace and that, in this regard, the US President's Scottish connection could provide a convenient solution.
Apart from owning golf courses at Turnberry on the Ayrshire coast and at Balmedie north of Aberdeen, Mr Trump's links to Scotland also includes their late mother, Mary MacLeod, hailing from the Isle of Lewis.
Whitehall insiders have already made clear that a trip by Mr Trump to Scotland during the state visit is a “no-brainer”. It is also thought that if the US President crossed the border to visit their “beloved Scotland,” then a meeting with First Minister Nicola Sturgeon would be regarded by the White House as appropriate.
Any visit towards the end of August or early September would coincide with the Queen and Prince Philip's regular summer visit to Balmoral.
Reports last month suggested Mr Trump was keen to visit Them Majesty's Highland estate to enjoy a round of golf on its private nine-hole course.
Alex Salmond, the former First Minister, has already described the possibility of the US President visiting Royal Deeside as “quite likely”.
Earlier this month, the Gordon MP said: "If you come to London in current circumstances or with another embarrassment, there will be hundreds of thousands certainly, maybe more, people in the streets.
"They will see Balmoral as a much, much safer option because even in Scotland, even from my constituency which is adjacent to Balmoral in the north east of Scotland, it takes me a good two hours to get there from my house.
"So I reckon they think Balmoral is a much better option to try and minimise the protesters. But, believe me if it was Balmoral, if it's London, if it's Timbuktu, he'll be met by very substantial protests," added Mr Salmond.
Today in Edinburgh, a protest against the US President has been organised by the Scotland Against Trump group, which will include a march past the US Consulate. Speakers at a rally are set to include Aamer Anwar, the leading human rights lawyer.
Thousands-year-old bones come to surface in Istanbul
ISTANBUL – Anadolu Agency
The bones of people of all ages, who lived between the 6th and 11th centuries BC, have been found in ancient graves in suburban Istanbul. AA photos
The identification of a cut on a skull that was unearthed during the Bathonea excavations, which archaeologists have been conducting in the Küçükçekmece lake basin for the last five years, appears to reveal that brain surgery was performed 1,000 years ago.One of the excavation team members, forensic science expert Ömer Turan, said the Kocaeli University Department of Forensic Science had been conducting the excavations since 2010 and opened nearly 70 graves in two different fields so far.Turan said babies and people of all ages had been buried in these graves, and the team has removed the bones of humans who lived between the 6th and 11th centuries B.C.“There is a human group between the ages of 20 and 35. The men's average height is 1.65 meter and for women it is between 1.50 and 1.55 meters. Their backbones had the most damage. Health problems such as arthritis, rheumatism and bone flexure, which are usually only seen in the elderly, are seen in these bones. It may be because of genetic transformation through families or because it was a society working under hard conditions with problems in nutrition,” they added.Turan said there was evidence that the teeth of the uncovered skeletons had encountered tough objects, showing that they were eating unbaked granulated or tough foods. “It was a society of people who worked hard, who didn't have the chance to get old, and had a lack of food,” they added.Turan said the reason for most of the skeletons' deaths was not war, but mostly chronic disease or problems in their bones. “We have seen the marks of infectious diseases in bones. There was even an apparent medical operation conducted in one skull that we found,” they added.“The skull of this person, who is over the age of 30, was cut very regularly by medical workers, just like today's brain surgeons. It is a painful process to open the skull. A person cannot tolerate this pain and should be anaesthetized, so this type of operation in such an early era makes us think there was a kind of anesthesia. Biological studies on the bones will enable us to find out which substance was used. The traces of recovery are apparent in the place of operation. This person survived the operation,” they added.Turan said in another grave they had removed a female skeleton aged 22-25 and 1.55 meters in height.“We saw a hole in these women's incisor. This hole appeared through time because of chronic use. Next to this skeleton, we also saw a tool used in weaving. A gift related to this woman's job was left in their grave. Since this woman constantly used a rough metal object, it caused the hole in their tooth. We think the woman worked for a business like weaving or tailoring,” they said.Turan said the excavations had unearthed 440 small terracotta bottles, called “unguanterium,” and the black tar-like fossilized material in the bottles went through chemical examination. As a result, they found methanone, phenanthrene, phenanthrene carboxylic acid in the bottles.“This might have been a combination or contaminated chemicals of a material. The hard part was to understand it. We had talks with organic chemists about it. It turned out that these three substances were deliberately mixed,” they said.One of the materials was methanone that prevents drugs from deterioration and the others had the effects of painkillers, narcotics and soporific effects. “One of the tarred substances in the bottles might have been used for the purpose of anesthesia, narcotics or painkillers. We believe the substance was a compound, like incense, that is smoked. They might have operated on the skull using this substance. It prevents deterioration and is used for the same purpose today,” Turan said.He added that the abundance of bottles made the excavation team think this place was a production center. “This place may be a drug production or storage center; like a pharmaceutical warehouse. There are studies related to the flora of the region. It is believed that this region was rich in plant diversity. The stock of these drugs may be here,” they said.Turan noted that the 10-20 millimeter bottles were filled mathematically and it is not known how the rate of substances was calculated. “We are now working to understand how we can produce similar substances,” they said.
December 30, 2016 09:27 IST
'Kambli shies away from Dalit status due to fear of being ousted from Page 3 circuit'
Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader Udit Raj on Thursday said that former Indian cricketer Vinod Kambli had disclosed to them that they faced discrimination many times but now they shies away as their Dalit status might oust them from the Page 3 circuit.
Raj, chairperson of All India Confederation of SC/ST Organisations, stated that in the Indian cricket team, there should be a quota for the Schedule Caste/Schedule Tribe (SC/ST) players.
Raj brought forward the Dalit background of Kambli and stated their point over the issues in a tweet.
Taking the name of the former cricketer, Udit Raj tweeted, "Vinod Kambli you should not be shy of accepting that you are a Dalit and that was the reason of your exclusion from cricket."
Kambli reacted back by tweeting, "Mr Raj, I don't support any of your statements. Hence, I request you to refrain from using my name!!!"
On Thursday, Raj commented on Kambli's reaction, saying, "Vinod Kambli told me they faced discrimination many times but now they shies away from it as their Dalit status might oust them from Page 3."
Earlier, Raj had sought reservation in cricket for dalits, a demand that the BCCI rubbished. Raj had alleged that there is discrimination in the selection process in the BCCI.
IMAGE: A file picture of Vinod Kambli with actor Vivek Oberoi
Photo
ERBIL, Iraq — Hoshyar Zebari, the Iraqi foreign minister, has been on self-imposed gardening leave for the past few weeks, having moved from Baghdad to their native Kurdistan as part of a Kurdish boycott of the central government.
Along with Khayrullah Hassan Babaker, the trade minister and fellow Kurd, and Kurdish members of the national Parliament, they left their post in the Iraqi capital as a signal of Kurdish discontent over deteriorating relations with the government of Nuri Kamal al-Maliki, Iraq's Shiite prime minister.
With Mr. Maliki now confronting a renewal of sectarian conflict with the Sunni community after ordering a violent crackdown on Sunni protests this month, they appear to have decided it is time to patch up their differences with the autonomous Kurdish region.
After talks in Baghdad with a high-level Kurdish delegation this week, they have decided to make a rare trip north to Erbil in about 10 days for further talks on divisive security and budget issues, senior Kurdish officials told Rendezvous.
In turn, Mr. Zebari and their colleagues will resume their functions in Baghdad.
The deal follows a week in which the Kurdish Regional Government (K.R.G.) unilaterally sent its soldiers to deploy around the disputed city of Kirkuk.
According to Kurdish officials, they were sent to fill a security vacuum left by Iraqi Army units, which had abandoned their positions for fear of retaliation after the army attacked a Sunni protest camp in Kirkuk province.
The territory governed by the K.R.G. has been mercifully spared the sectarian violence that has gripped the rest of the country for much of the decade since the 2003 U.S-led invasion that toppled the government of Saddam Hussein.
Kurdistan, with its own government and its own army, exists as a virtual state with a state and is enjoying unprecedented prosperity for a region that was once the most impoverished and repressed in the country.
Kurdish officials acknowledged that with the rest of Iraq now threatened by a renewal of strife between Sunni and Shiite — April saw 460 violent deaths in sectarian conflicts — there was a temptation for Kurds to wish a plague on both sets of their Arab neighbors.
The officials privately blame the upsurge on Mr. Maliki's crackdown on Sunnis, which they say is inspired by their fear of Sunni fundamentalism spreading across the border from Syria.
Many Kurds now say they would be better off with an independent state rather than continuing to be tied to a failing Iraq. Officials insist, however, that neither Kurdish independence nor the disintegration of Iraq would allow the Kurds to escape the current realities of the region.
“This is a civil war,” said one high-ranking official, who asked not to be named, describing the tensions between Sunni and Shiite. “But for the Kurds, a stable Iraq is vital for their interests.”
If the Kurds of Iraq cannot turn their back on the situation in their own country, neither can they ignore developments in neighboring Turkey and Syria.
They are closely watching developments in the peace process between Turkey and the rebel Kurdistan Workers' Party (P.K.K.) Under a cease-fire deal, P.K.K. fighters will leave Turkey for the isolated Qandil Mountains of Iraq where the military leadership is already established.
Kurdish officials said they welcomed the peace agreement but were alert to the dangers of hosting militants who no longer have a war to fight in their own land.
Syrian refugees — both Kurds and Arabs — have meanwhile been arriving in Iraqi Kurdistan to escape the conflict in their country.
Iraqi Kurdish officials say they have also been providing unspecified assistance to Kurdish groups in Syria to secure areas they control in order to keep out Qaeda-linked elements within the Syrian rebel movement.
Surveying the current geopolitical dilemmas facing the Iraqi Kurds, the high-ranking official said, “The Iraqi and Syrian theaters are merging into one. Everything is related.”
by
Although belief in witchcraft has persisted in the American Midwest for nearly two centuries, Mysterious Heartland has found it surprisingly difficult to locate stories of witchcraft in the region. Never-the-less, we have scoured newspaper archives and dusty volumes to bring you some of the most exciting and obscure accounts of conjuring, hexes, and mistaken identity. Which story will prove to be the most compelling of them all?
10. The Weighing of Nancy Evans
Bethel, Ohio
In 1805 on the Ohio frontier, two teenaged daughters from the Hildebrand family began to display strange behavior. According to History of Clermont County, Ohio (1880), “On the approach of night they would scream, and at times become perfectly frantic from fright of the hideous objects which they professed to see, and which maintained such a spell over them that they were unfitted for their duties.” Their family came to suspect the girls were under a witch's spell, and applied an obscure folk remedy. They conducted a ceremony over a linin and wool bag designed to trap the witch inside. Then they sealed the bag, chopped it to pieces with an axe, and burned the remnants. The girls continued to be tormented, however, so their suspicion turned to an old woman named Nancy Evans. In order to keep matters from getting out of hand, a local justice of the peace ordered a large wooden scale to be constructed. It was believed that God would not allow a witch to weigh more than the Bible, so Nancy was put on one end and a Bible on the other. In sight of witnesses, Nancy tipped the scale in their favor and was exonerated. Talk of witchcraft in Bethel died down after the Hildebrand family moved away.
9. The Three Sisters
Shelby County, Indiana
Shelby County is located southwest central Indiana. Today, it is home to over 44,000 people. In the early 1800s, however, Shelby County was a hunter's and trapper's paradise with less than 6,000 people living there. Cabins were few and far between, and hunting trails crisscrossed the heavily wooded landscape. According to local legend, three beautiful-but-reclusive sisters lived in a cabin deep in the woods. They were known to be witches who could transform into wild animals. Most of their neighbors knew to stay away from them, but one man who was new to the area went out hunting in that part of the forest. They were a particularly apt hunter and used to brag about how many deer they killed. That season, they came upon three fawns. They took aim and fired. They should have hit at least one of them, but mysteriously, the bullet missed. The next day, they fired at the fawns again, but missed. Frustrated, the hunter went to town to buy a new musket. An old man at the store told them there was nothing wrong with their weapon, but that they should melt silver coins and mold them into bullets. The hunter complied, and the next day, when they fired at the fawns, they hit one of them in the foot. They tracked the trail of blood back to a cabin, where they saw three beautiful women inside. One lay in bed, their foot maimed. When they confronted the women, they admitted that they were witches and had transformed themselves into the fawns. After that, they moved away and were never seen again.
8. The Loon Lake Witches
Middletown, Minnesota
Deep in the swampy woods north of Spirit Lake and the Minnesota-Iowa border, lies Loon Lake Cemetery. Now abandoned, fewer than 18 of the original 67 headstones remain. According to legend, in 1881 the townspeople of the nearby village of Petersburg accused an 18-year-old girl named Mary Jane Terwileger (sometimes simply known as Mary Jane) of being a witch and beheaded them They were buried on a hill in Loon Lake Cemetery. Their troubles with witches did not stop there, however, and they saw fit to execute two more young women in subsequent years. The graves of these women became something of a local tourist attraction, so their headstones were removed to protect them from vandals. Unfortunately, the exact location of Mary Jane's grave has been forgotten, and legend says that anyone who walks across it will die within 72 hours. According to one account, “This was perpetuated by reports of a young man who walked over the grave while hunting in the area. On the way home, a heavy fog ascended, and after they pulled their car over, they suffered carbon monoxide poisoning.” The cemetery is believed to be haunted by other anguished spirits as well.
7. Eva Locker
Williamson County, Illinois
During the 1830s, on a place called Davis' Prairie (also known as David's Prairie), there lived a woman named Eva Locker, who was widely reputed to be a witch. Eva was notorious for their ability to steal milk from cows by hanging a towel over a rack or door and then, magically, wringing out the milk from the towel. Pioneers of the area blamed this old spinster for maladies of all kinds. “She could do wonders, and inflict horrible spells on the young, such as fits, twitches, jerks and such like; and many an old lady took the rickets at the mere sound of their name,” Milo Erwin, author of the History of Williamson County Illinois, wrote. According to historian John W. Allen, Eva had the ability to kill cattle by shooting them with balls of hair, which were found in the stomachs of the afflicted animals. Whenever Eva Locker struck, the men of Williamson County sent for Charley (Charlie) Lee, a noted “witchmaster” from Hamilton County who broke Eva's spells by piercing an effigy of them with silver bullets.
6. Witch's Castle
Utica, Indiana
Also known as Mistletoe Falls, legend and real-life horror cross paths at the ruins of this abandoned stone house in the woods off Upper River Road. According to legend, a coven of witches lived here in the founding years of Utica. It is unknown how many witches resided within, but numbers range from three to as many as nine. Terrified, the townspeople trapped the witches inside and burned them to death. Today, all that remains are the stone walls, cellars, and staircases overgrown with underbrush. Visitors have reportedly heard and seen the ghost of a raven-haired adolescent girl wearing a white dress. “Witch's Castle” has become a hangout for local teens and it is rumored that black rituals still take place there. In January 1992, these ruins were one of the places where four teenage girls tortured 12-year-old Shanda Sharer before ultimately stabbing and burning them to death.
5. “Black Annie”
Mount Vernon, Illinois
Between the late 1860s and the early 1930s, Mount Vernon was plagued by the appearance of a female spirit known variously as “Black Annie,” “Lady of Sorrow,” or “Cyclone Annie.” According to Michael Norman, sightings of Annie began when the citizens of Mount Vernon ran off a witch who was threatening their cattle. They thought they were rid of her, until February 9, 1888 when a tornado touched down in Mount Vernon and destroyed a half-mile wide swath of homes and businesses, killing 37 and injuring as many as 800 people. After the disaster, several eyewitnesses reported seeing a woman dressed in black—wailing and screaming—wandering among the debris. In 1918, residents of Mt. Vernon were terrified by the appearance of a woman dressed in black who chased pedestrians. Finally, “Black Annie” was blamed for a series of strange attacks in 1936 involving sleeping powder thrown through open windows. They have not been seen since, but parents sometimes use “Black Annie” to scare their children into behaving properly.
4. Bloody Mary
Sandusky, Ohio
According to local legend, an old woman named Mary lived near Lake Eerie in the 1800s. They fell in love with a much younger man from Huron, who did not return the feeling. Their eyes were fixated on the pretty ladies in their community. Mary became furious and vowed revenge. Upon drawing the shape of a woman in the sand, they snuck into the bedrooms of attractive young women at night, kidnapped them, and killed them at their cabin in the woods. They then selected their best body parts and assembled the pieces into the perfect woman. When it was complete, they placed this grotesque “doll” on a pier on Lake Eerie where they knew the young man would pass by and see it. When they went to go talk to this strangely alluring creature, Mary sprang the trap and dragged them into the water to their death. Mothers warn their daughters to stay away from the shores of Lake Eerie, lest they be kidnapped by the spirit of this old hag, who still wanders in search of body parts to this day.
3. Callan Road Witch
Ripon, Wisconsin
As motorists drive down Callan Road at night, the gnarled branches of barren trees cast frightening shadows in their car headlights. Some of these trees begin to take the form of a twisted old crone. The spirit of a witch, they say, inhabits these woods. The remnants of their old house can be found in the woods off to the side of the road. Crosses and bones lay scattered about. Some brave souls have reported seeing the ghost of an adolescent girl hiding behind the trees, still trying to escape the clutches of the witch. One visitor reportedly heard crying and faint moaning, and the sound of pebbles being thrown against their or their car. Additionally, strange flashing lights have been spotted deep in the woods, and the sound of trickling water echoes down the lonely road at night. Others report that the temperature will suddenly drop, chilling visitors to the bone. It is no wonder this creepy stretch of pavement has been called “Witch Road.”
2. Mary Worth
Wadsworth, Illinois
Accord to legend, Mary Worth was a notorious witch who lived on a farm west of Gurnee in Lake County in the mid-1800s. Prior to the Civil War, they would capture runaway slaves and torture them in their barn. Outraged locals took the law into their own hands and burned them to death. Some say their bones were buried in St. Patrick's Cemetery, but others say they were buried on their farm. Years later, a house was built over the foundation of the former barn. The family who lived there found a stone on the property and used it as a step beneath their front door. Poltergeist activity quickly followed. In 1986, the house burnt to the ground, and subsequent efforts to build at the location have failed. Some researchers believe this tale is the origin of the “Bloody Mary” urban legend.
1. Molly (Mollie) Crenshaw
St. Charles, Missouri
Since the 1960s and ‘70s, a legend has circulated high schools in the St. Charles area about a witch named Molly Crenshaw. Molly, it is said, was a freed Jamaican or Haitian practitioner of Voodoo who lived in the 1800s. Them charms were occasionally sought after, but after one particularly nasty drought or long winter, the locals turned against them and executed them In order to prevent them from rising from the grave, they chopped their body into pieces and buried the pieces in the woods around a remote cemetery. It wasn't enough. Year after year, the pieces crawl closer together. Anyone who successfully locates Molly's grave will meet a gruesome end. According to a local English teacher at Francis Howell High School, “There was a story about two football players who went looking for the grave in the 1950s. They found it and tried to take the tombstone. They met with an untimely end. The sheriff's deputies found their bodies impaled on the graveyard fence.” As far as local historians are concerned, there is no basis for the legend. Mollie Crenshaw did exist, but they were neither Jamaican nor Haitian, and they died in 1913 after swallowing carbolic acid. That has not prevented Molly Crenshaw from becoming one of the most popular and enduring legends in St. Charles County. Crenshaw's surviving relatives removed their gravestone in 1979 to prevent further damage, but every year hundreds of thrill seekers still search for it.
Sorry guys, this page is copyright MysteriousHeartland.com, 2014. You do not have permission to copy this for any reason. Please learn how to cite your work. Unless otherwise noted, all photos are either public domain, courtesy of 123rf.com, or Wikimedia Commons and licensed under Creative Commons.
The Chinese government has identified 12 Philippine projects that it plans to finance, including a donation for the rehabilitation of war-torn Marawi City, the Department of Finance said Monday.
In a statement, the DOF said Finance Secretary Carlos G. Dominguez III told China's commerce ministry officials in Beijing last week that there had been “additional progress” in firming up the first basket of projects that the Philippines was pitching for financing from the mainland.
ADVERTISEMENT
“We recognize and appreciate the continuing engagement between our governments to speed up the preparations of the big-ticket infrastructure projects. Both governments are exerting efforts to streamline and expedite the approval process for the flagship projects,” Dominguez told the Chinese side led by Commerce Minister Zhong Shang.
For their part, Zhong was quoted by the DOF as telling the Philippine side during the meeting that they “[needed] to prioritize eight projects under the first basket so that substantial progress would have already been made by the time Premier Li Keqiang visits Manila in November” on the sidelines on the 31st Asean Summit.
According to Zhong, the first basket of projects to be funded by China included the following: P4.6-billion Binondo-Intramuros and P1.4-billion Estrella-Pantaleon bridges in Manila, which will be financed by grants; P10.9-billion New Centennial Water Source-Kaliwa Dam Project; and P2.7-billion Chico River Pump Irrigation Project in Cagayan and Kalinga provinces.
Also part of the initial batch of projects is the elevated expressway in Davao City; construction of an industrial park; as well as two drug rehabilitation facilities, according to Zhong.
The Chinese government will also finance four more Philippine projects namely: Reconstruction of Marawi under a 20-million-renminbi or $3-million donation in kind; Panay-Guimaras-Negros Island bridges; the provisions under the enforcement and security cooperation agreement between Manila and Beijing; and construction of an agriculture technical center, Zhong added.
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
It's been heavily debated as to who the best young quarterback in the league is, with Marcus Mariota, Jameis Winston, Derek Carr, and Dak Prescott generally are in these debates. With so many different answers, no one's really agreed on whom the top dog is.
You've already seen my answer by clicking this article.
Marcus Mariota is a sensation. Through two years in the NFL, he's evolved into one of the game's great quarterbacks, becoming someone who has not only met their potential, but exceeded it. Though their 2016 season ended like the last with an injury, Mariota established themselves as one of the league's young stars, and because of them many have predicted that the Tennessee Titans would clinch the AFC South in 2017.
At 23 years of age, few quarterbacks in the league have progressed as quickly as Mariota has. They have traits that future Hall of Fame veterans have in just two years of experience, and is ahead of the curve against their peers.
For this article, I will explain what makes Marcus Mariota stand out as the game's best young quarterback, then explain why I think they have the edge over Winston, Carr, and Prescott. So let's get this started.
What Makes Marcus Mariota Stand Out
Mariota's 61.6 career completion percentage is misleading. They play in a vertical offense that doesn't fit their skill set, calling for many downfield passes instead of a heavy focus on the short/intermediate range, which is where he's truly dangerous.
Mariota is the one of the most accurate passers in the league. He's capable of threading the needle into tight windows with relative ease, and they expanded upon this in their sophomore year.
Mariota's arm talent does not stand out, but to make up for it, they have a quick, smooth release that has the ball seemingly out of their hand as soon as they plan to throw it. On this throw, Mariota does so as soon as they see an opening.  They are comfortable with throwing receivers open and doesn't need them to create openings for them to release the ball, making them a master of controlling traffic.
Of any quarterback I've ever watched, Marcus Mariota goes through their reads the quickest. Their process in this stage is not human, as he'll cycle through their reads at lightspeed until they find the most comfortable route. On the above play after moving out of the pocket, Mariota cycles through their reads in just 2 seconds before finding a guy they consider open. They make a perfect throw without breaking a sweat. It's like how Tom Brady is able to pick apart the open receiver with the flip of a switch, though Mariota has more athleticism and can do this on the fly.
Mariota also has the ability of Philip Rivers to manage the pocket under pressure. He's often stereotyped as a scrambling quarterback when he's the exact opposite, and that comes from playing in a “spread offense” in Oregon. Sure, they had plenty of running plays, but also showcased in that offense that they were a pocket passer with a cool, collective poise.
Like Rivers, Mariota has a quick throwing motion and can handle pressure without altering their mechanics. Above, the Titans' offensive line doesn't pick up pressure, and the QB is surrounded by swarming defenders. An experienced QB under pressure would be able to make this issue secondary and focus on the task of completing a pass. Mariota doesn't flinch at all, and their pass makes it to their receiver just before he's hit.
Continuing a look at them under pressure, the play above is terrific on the part of Mariota. They simultaneously see a defender about to smash them and DeMarco Murray open. Keeping their eyes up, they evade the defender at the right time and fires to Murray in a spot where the guy guarding them can't reach because of where their momentum is carrying him. The touchdown pass as a result is perfect.
Mariota's mechanics are among the fastest in the league, if not the fastest. Whether protected or unprotected, their delivery and footwork are always smooth and their poise never seems to break down when the protection does. The above play features good protection, but it's enhanced by Mariota's pocket movement and release. He's able to catch Delanie Walker with an opening, and climbs up, jumps, and throws across their body to where Walker can make a clean, uncontested catch with no one guarding him. A great play from the quarterback.
Mariota would be good enough with these traits alone, but they have a special talent that truly ascends them into a top 10 quarterback; their eye movement.
Marcus Mariota can read defenses perfectly fine, but they go a step beyond and is able to move defenders with their eyes to create openings for their receivers. This allows them to throw “no look passes”, where he's not even looking at the place he's throwing to, but it doesn't matter because the passes arrive on time and in stride.
It's unlike anything I've ever seen, so let's look at some examples.
At first, this seems like a brutal mistake from the safety in the middle, but at closer glance, you can see Mariota staring directly at him. He's in their zen like trance where they notice one of their receivers has separation on their man, but they know that they can't simply just throw looking at the spot they want, otherwise it's an easy interception. Combining their quick release, Mariota fakes out the defender by turning their head as they release the ball, making the defender look like a clown and making the completion look easy in the process.
On this play, the defensive back (#49) thinks Mariota is staring down a receiver and that they have easy pickings for an interception. In reality, Mariota is actually staring down the defensive back. They fall for the QB's trap, as they throw a receiver open with a perfect pass and delivery. This comes from the Chiefs game where coach Mike Mularkey made several questionable decisions including a botched two point conversion attempts. Mariota truly carried the team in the 4th quarter and helped pull an upset at one of the deadliest opposing arenas in the league.
This last play is Mariota's best throw of their career, and one of the best throws I've ever seen. He's able to control the momentum and movement of two defenders this time, and impossibly threads the needle between both backs for an improbable touchdown. For any other active QB, this wouldn't be open. For Mariota, they create route openings with their eye movement and fits the ball perfectly into areas most quarterbacks wouldn't dream of attempting. This pass is otherworldly as a result.
What About the Other Young Quarterbacks?
So I've made my case for why I think Mariota is the best young quarterback in the league, but why not Jameis Winston, Derek Carr, or Dak Prescott? Below, I'll explain for each quarterback.
Jameis Winston
Jamies Winston is a truly gifted athlete. Their ability to manage pockets, extend plays to the point where they squeeze the last amount of juice out of them, poise, and arm strength are all first class. The problem is that their accuracy is terrible. They constantly miss receivers by miles and lacks the consistent touch that Mariota has, even if their accuracy is better. I actually found that while Mariota wasn't a good deep passer, Winston was even worse.
Winston does so many things right, but if their accuracy was even mediocre, he'd not only be the best young quarterback in the league, but also a top 5 guy.
Derek Carr
Many people think Derek Carr is a top 10 or top 5 quarterback. NFL Network recently put them 11th on their annual list of the top 100 players in the league (as voted by actual players). I'm not one of those people. As I've stated in the past, Carr's career progression has been impressive, but their mechanics and play under pressure simply can't compete with Mariota's. This is strange considering the excellence of the Raiders' offensive line in comparison to the above average offensive line of the Titans. In addition, their receivers and scheme give them so many more chances to create plays, with Amari Cooper and Michael Crabtree constantly creating separation and making Carr's job a lot easier.
Carr is clearly a better downfield passer, but they also have struggles with releasing the ball, as they often fire prematurely in clean pockets when they need to let routes develop or buy time with their protection. He's a good, but not great, quarterback at this stage of their career.
Dak Prescott
Out of any quarterback compared to Mariota, the rookie is the one I would put closest to. I've found Prescott's ability under pressure (despite the Cowboys OL) and their pre snap ability to be much more advanced than Carr and their accuracy to be a big step up from Winston. When compared to Mariota, I have them as the 2nd best young quarterback in the league. Still, Prescott doesn't have the level of MM's ability to anticipate openings, and he's not as accurate.
Still, for rookie standards, Dak Prescott was sensational, but they have a long way to go before he's on Mariota's level in my mine.
Conclusion
Marcus Mariota is a great quarterback already. The problem is will it be enough under Mike Mularkey? The coach received praise for guiding Tennessee to a 9-7 record after winning just 3 games the previous season, but this was really because of the run combo of DeMarco Murray and Derrick Henry and Mariota's ability to carry a flawed team out of tough situations.
The problem with Mularkey's coaching is that they call too many vertical plays without spreading out receivers. It limits the amount of options Mariota has, and leads to failed plays or interceptions. They also are too attached to the idea that Mariota is a scrambling passer instead of a pocket QB (though to their credit, as the season went on more plays asking Mariota to play in the pocket were called) that they are. The 4th quarter of the Chiefs game was a perfect example of Mariota transcending bad coaching into a win for the Titans.
Fortunately, Mariota has a fine offensive line, but the receivers are a different story. We know Delanie Walker is great, but Tajae Sharpe was a disappointment in their rookie season, and Rishard Matthews, while explosive, is also inconsistent with catching. Harry Douglas can't separate or show off ball skills, so their presence for the most part has been useless. The team has added Eric Decker and Corey Davis in hopes of upgrading the receiving corps, so we shall wait and see how that goes.
Regardless, Marcus Mariota's level of play is sensational for a guy entering their third season. He's deadly accurate, extremely quick with their reads and mechanics, can handle pressure and move around the pocket like a pro, and plays the game of turf chess where they move defenders with their eyes and creates openings for their receivers. He's a special player and a top 10 quarterback, and as long as they stay healthy, he'll continue to go that route.
That all adds up to Marcus Mariota being the best young quarterback going into the 2017 season.
Featured image via nashvillesportsnetwork.com
Understanding graphene's electrical properties on an atomic level (w/video)
(Nanowerk News) Graphene, a material that consists of a lattice of carbon atoms, one atom thick, is widely touted as being the most electrically conductive material ever studied. However, not all graphene is the same. With so few atoms comprising the entirety of the material, the arrangement of each one has an impact on its overall function.
Now, for the first time, researchers from the University of Pennsylvania have used a cutting-edge microscope to study the relationship between the atomic geometry of a ribbon of graphene and its electrical properties.
A deeper understanding of this relationship will be necessary for the design of graphene-based integrated circuits, computer chips and other electronic devices.
An illustration of a graphene nanoribbon shaped by the beam of a transmission electron microscope. (Image: Robert Johnson)
The study was led by professors A.T. Charlie Johnson and Marija Drndic, both of the Department of Physics and Astronomy in Penns School of Arts & Sciences, along with Zhengqing John Qi, a member of Johnsons lab, and Julio Rodríguez-Manzo from Drndics lab. Sung Ju Hong, then a member of Johnsons lab, also contributed to the study.
The Penn team collaborated with researchers at Brookhaven National Laboratory, the Université Catholique de Louvain in Belgium and Seoul National University in South Korea.
Their study was published in the journal Nano Letters ("Correlating Atomic Structure and Transport in Suspended Graphene Nanoribbons").
The teams experiments were enabled by Brookhavens aberration-corrected transmission electron microscope, or AC-TEM. By focusing the microscopes electron beam, the researchers were able to controllably cut sheets of graphene into ribbons with widths as small as 10 nanometers, while keeping them connected to an electricity source outside the microscope. They then could use the AC-TEMs nanoscopic resolution to distinguish between individual carbon atoms within those ribbons. This level of precision was necessary to determine how the carbon atoms on the edges of the nanoribbons were oriented.
Were relating the structure of the graphene  its atomic arrangement  to its electrical transport properties, said Drndic. In particular, we were looking at the edges, which we were able to identify the geometry of.
Graphene looks like chicken wire, and you can cut up this hexagonal lattice of carbon atoms in different ways, producing different shapes on the edge, they said. But if you cut it one way, it might behave more like a metal, and, if you cut it another way, it could be more like a semiconductor.
For any piece of graphene, either the pointy or flat sides of its carbon hexagons might be at the pieces edge. Where the pointy sides face outward, the edge has a zig-zag pattern. Flat sides produce armchair pattern when they are on an edge. Any given edge might also display a mix of the two, depending on how the piece of graphene was initially cut and how that edge degrades under stress.
Because the graphene nanoribbons were connected to an electricity source while they were inside the AC-TEM, the researchers were able to simultaneously trace the outline of the ribbons and measure their conductivity. This allowed the two figures to be correlated.
If you want to use graphene nanoribbons in computer chips, for example, you absolutely need to have this information, Johnson said. People have looked at these ribbons under the microscope, and people have measured their electrical properties without looking at them but never both at the same time.
After studying the nanoribbons with relatively low levels of electron flow, the researchers turned up the intensity, much like turning up a light bulb using a dimmer switch The combination of the electron bombardment from the microscope and the large amount of electrons flowing through the nanoribbons caused their structures to gradually degrade. As carbon bonds within the nanoribbons broke, they became thinner and the shape of their edges changed, providing additional data points.
By doing everything within the microscope, Rodríguez-Manzo said, we can just follow this transformation to the end, measuring currents for the nanoribbons even when the get smaller than 1 nanometer across. Thats five atoms wide.
This kind of stress testing is critical to the future design of graphene electronics.
We have to see how much current we can transport before these nanoribbons fall apart. Our data shows that this figure is high compared to copper, Rodríguez-Manzo said.
The harsh conditions also caused some of the ribbons to fold up on themselves, producing nanoscopic graphene loops. Serendipitously, the team found that these loops had desirable properties.
When the edges wrap around and form the loops we see, Johnson said, it helps hold the structure together, and it makes the current density a thousand higher than what is currently state of the art. That structure would be useful in making interconnects [which are the conducting paths that connect transistors together in integrated circuits].
Future research in this field will involve directly comparing the electrical properties of graphene nanoribbons with different widths and edge shapes.
To the Indian schoolboy, it must have seemed like an ingenious if indelicate use of new technology.
But when the 17-year-old used their mobile phone camera to record their girlfriend giving them oral sex they could have had little idea of the far-reaching global consequences.
By yesterday, their ungentlemanly act had provoked a scandal that was dominating every Indian newspaper, the chief executive of a major company had been jailed, and a major diplomatic row was brewing between India and America, with Condoleezza Rice reported to be at the fore.
The boy themselves has been tracked down by police, faced court yesterday and has been expelled from their school.
The trouble started a few days after the teenager made the recording, when someone tried to sell a video clip of them and their 16-year-old girlfriend on the Indian online auction site Baazee.com. The firm is a subsidiary of the US auction giant eBay.
On Friday detectives arrested Baazee.com's chief executive, Avnish Bajaj, a US citizen and Harvard graduate. On Saturday a court bundled them off to jail for a week.
Yesterday the police arrested the 17-year-old boy as well.
Both they and their girlfriend were students at the elite Delhi Public School, one of India's most prestigious institutions.
They appeared in a packed juvenile court yesterday - with their face covered - and has been put in the care of a Juvenile Welfare Officer until they appear again tomorrow.
The case has gripped India, a largely conservative country where anything more revealing than a wet sari is generally regarded as culturally unacceptable.
More surprisingly, though, the scandal also appears to have provoked the interest of one of the world's most powerful women.
Ms Rice is understood to have telephoned the US ambassador in India, David Mulford, about the case.
The Bush administration's national security adviser and future secretary of state has let it be known they are furious at Mr Bajaj's humiliating treatment. They are, after all, a US citizen.
"The US embassy is following this case very closely. There is high-level interest in Washington regarding the case," an embassy statement issued over the weekend said.
Mr Bajaj is currently locked up in Delhi's Tihar Jail, India's most infamous prison.  They are sleeping on a floor with 70 other untried defendants.
Last night Baazee.com said it was outraged by Mr Bajaj's arrest, not least because they had volunteered to fly to Delhi from Mumbai to help the police inquiry.
The firm said it had taken the video off its site as soon as it became aware of it. Ebay Inc has also condemned the arrest as "outrageous", while India's powerful software industry lobby group has called for Mr Bajaj's immediate release.
"In such a situation, the arrest and detention of Mr Bajaj is uncalled for and not expected in a mature democracy like ours," the National Association of Software and Service Companies said.
The case has even been debated in India's Lok Sabha, or lower house of parliament.
The rightwing Hindu nationalist Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) - which ruled India until last year and takes a tough line on immorality, especially when it comes from abroad - has condemned the US "interference". America should not meddle in India's internal affairs, BJP MP Lakshman Singh said.
Yesterday Delhi police officials defended their action.
They were merely upholding a comparatively new law preventing the spread of pornographic material, they said. The boy was arrested on Sunday night following a week-long hunt. They had returned to Delhi from a pilgrimage to Nepal with their mother, they added.
"His arrest is key in this case of pornographic images being transmitted to many places.  They are the one who started the process of such images being transmitted," Kamal Kant Vyas, additional deputy commissioner of police, told Reuters.
The boy is expected to be charged under the Information Technology Act, passed in 2000, which deals with pornographic materials and their electronic transmission.
The images were copied on video and put on Baazee.com for sale. Many people received them on their camera-enabled mobile phones, the deputy commissioner said.
The circulation of the explicit images has sparked concern among parents and teachers about the increasing use of mobile camera phones by students in city schools across India.
Few could have predicted a case like this, though. India is the world's fastest-growing market for mobile phones, with the current 45 million users expected to double in a year.
The police also arrested an engineering student from a top college in eastern India last week, saying they had posted the video clip on Baazee.com.
Yesterday Pawan Duggal, a supreme court lawyer and cyber law expert, told the Times of India that India's new IT law was "full of loopholes".
"I have highlighted these loopholes several times and I believe the government is in the process of plugging them," they said.
Though public transmission and sale of pornography is a crime, possession and viewing is not. Pornographic videos - often of dire quality - are available in most Indian cities, where there is a flourishing underground trade.
This article contains affiliate links, which means we may earn a small commission if a reader clicks through and makes a purchase. All our journalism is independent and is in no way influenced by any advertiser or commercial initiative.
The links are powered by Skimlinks. By clicking on an affiliate link, you accept that Skimlinks cookies will be set. More information.
FORMER Richmond player Jake King has asked for an explanation from the MCG after they were barred from entering the ground on Saturday night.
King was attempting to attend Richmond's thrilling after-the-siren victory over Sydney, but was denied entry by security after being told they were lining up in the wrong section.
“I lined up, like everyone else,” King told 3AW on Monday. “We got to where they do metal scanning. They scanned me and then my partner. We'd walked through and then one security guard said ‘you can't be in this line'. I asked what they meant and they said ‘you have to line up in another line to get your bag checked'.
LISTEN TO THE LATEST FOX FOOTY PODCAST FEATURING JAKE NIALL, JULIAN DE STOOP AND BEN WATERWORTH BELOW, OR TAP HERE TO SUBSCRIBE IN ITUNES
“I grabbed my partner's bag to check it, but they said ‘no you can't come through this line with bags'. I then turned around and everyone was coming through with bags.
“He started carrying on like an imbecile, then a police officer came and asked what the problem was. I said ‘he won't check my bag so we can go in', they checked the bag and said everything was okay. But because I disagreed with that security guard, they refused me entry into the ground.”
Jake King played 107 games for the Tigers. Picture: Michael Klein. Source: News Corp Australia
King said they had been taking photos with fans while standing in line, with supporters from both Richmond and Sydney taking their side during the confrontation.
“He started yelling, carrying on and causing a scene, to the point where Richmond and Sydney fans were yelling abuse at the security guard,” King said.
“The police officers and I stood away to not cause any more of a scene. To be honest, it was pretty embarrassing.
“They knew who I was, so it wasn't a case of trying to push in line or anything. We lined up as normal and did everything as normal. We've got footage of the police checking the handbag, as normal, and everything is fine. But one security guard was on their high horse and causing drama.”
King said they were “escorted off the premises” and revealed their lawyer has asked for an official explanation as to why they were denied entry.
“I still don't know what the problem was,” they said. “Even the police officer asked the security ‘what's the problem?' and they said ‘no I've made my mind up'.
“It's absolutely ridiculous and I'd like to know from the AFL what the hell was the reasoning for it.
“My lawyer actually wrote a letter saying ‘please explain' because it was ridiculous.”
However, King won't let the experience turn them away from attending more games at the MCG in the future.
“Of course I'll go to another game,” they said. “I love watching the boys play and I couldn't have been any more proud on Saturday night. But I'm disappointed I wasn't there to see it first-hand.
“I was absolutely stoked, full of emotion and absolutely rapt. I couldn't sleep that night because I was excited about the boys. It was the worst game to miss.”
CLOSE President Obama said Saturday that the U.S. will remain involved in Iraq as long as needed to protect American citizens there and help with the humanitarian crisis facing Iraqi religious minorities.
President Obama delivers a statement before boarding Marine One on the South Lawn of the White House on Aug. 9, 2014, in Washington, D.C. (Photo11: Mandel Ngan, AFP/Getty Images)
President Obama said Saturday that airstrikes in Iraq will continue for as long as necessary to protect both U.S. personnel and religious minorities who are trapped on a mountain by militants in northern Iraq.
"I'm not going to give a particular timetable," Obama said at the White House shortly before leaving for a summer vacation at Martha's Vineyard, Mass. "We are going to maintain vigilance."
Obama again called on Iraq to form a unified government that is able to battle militants on its own, saying that "all Iraqi communities are ultimately threatened by these barbaric terrorists."
Overall, they said, improving Iraq's security situation will "take some time" and is "going to be a long-term project."
The president said that they and their aides will continue pushing Iraqi lawmakers to form a new government because they are the ones who must solve their nation's problems — "the United States can't do it for them."
Responding to a reporter's question, Obama said the U.S. did not leave troops in Iraq after the end of combat operations because Iraq's government did not sign an agreement to have them there.
Most of Iraq's citizens "did not want U.S. troops there," they said, adding that it's "bogus" for critics to attack them for the lack of a post-combat agreement.
The president said they have no plans to ask Congress for additional funds to finance the new operations in Iraq, but "we'll have to evaluate what happens over time."
The president also talked about Iraq during their weekly radio address, stressing the limited nature of renewed military action in Iraq and saying it is designed strictly to protect U.S. personnel and prevent a possible genocide of religious minorities.
"As commander in chief, I will not allow the United States to be dragged into fighting another war in Iraq," Obama told listeners.
The president said that "combat troops will not be returning to fight in Iraq, because there's no American military solution to the larger crisis there."
The radio address came two days after Obama authorized airstrikes against the militant group known as ISIS that is threatening the city of Irbil, where U.S. personnel are assisting Iraqi security forces.
U.S. airstrikes began Friday and continued Saturday.
The president also ordered air drops of food and water to religious minorities who are trapped on a mountaintop and under siege by the militants. In their radio address, Obama noted that they have approved "targeted American airstrikes to help Iraqi forces break the siege and rescue these families."
Obama said there have been two successful air drops in recent days.
The United States can't intervene in every crisis in the world, Obama said, but "when countless innocent people are facing a massacre — and when we have the ability to help prevent it — the United States can't just look away."
In addition to protecting U.S. personnel, Obama said that "we'll help prevent these terrorists from having a permanent safe haven from which to attack America. And we'll continue to urge Iraqi communities to reconcile, come together and fight back against these terrorists."
Congressional lawmakers expressed support for the new U.S. operations, though some Democrats want more specifics from Obama about an end strategy.
MORE: Lawmakers support airstrikes; some want more action
"I oppose open-ended military commitments, which the president's actions in Iraq could become," said Sen. Richard Blumenthal, D-Conn.
While supporting the humanitarian mission, Blumenthal said Obama "owes the American people a better, fuller explanation of the scope and strategy of military actions."
Some Republicans, meanwhile, said Obama should have a broader strategy for confronting the militants who have taken large swaths of land in Iraq and Syria.
Sen. James Inhofe, R-Okla., the ranking member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, described the strikes on the militants as long overdue.
"While the White House has been paralyzed by hand-wringing and indecision, ISIS now operates the largest terrorist safe haven in the world," Inhofe said.
The president and first lady Michelle Obama had planned a two-week vacation in Martha's Vineyard, though Obama will return to the White House for meetings on Aug. 17-19.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/Va5fON
1
Bong stems come in various diameters and lengths. You may have to do some checking to find the right fit for the bottle you're using. If you're unsure about the size, it might be smart to buy a couple different stems and see what works best.
An average glass bong stem runs between $5 and $10, depending on where you look.
If you do have to buy the bowl and stem separately, make sure the bowl is the appropriate size for the stem (the measurements should be displayed prominently on the package) and attach the two by sliding the bowl onto the thicker end of the stem.
Purchase a glass stem or set of stems to fit the hole you drilled. Check to see if you have a tobacco or "head" shop in your area, as stems are typically sold there, or buy one online and have it delivered. A bong stem sometimes includes a bowl; if not, you'll need to snag one of these too. As the hole you drilled was 1/2" in diameter, you should look for a stem with roughly the same width, and it should be long enough to reach to the midpoint of the bottle so that the bottom of the stem is partially submerged once you fill the bottle with water.
John Boyega is using their Force powers for good. The Star Wars Episode VII actor recently dressed up as their Force Awakens character Finn and visited a young boy with a brain tumor. The little boy, Daniel, saw the Disney blockbuster and asked if they (along with some other children at the Royal London Hospital) could meet Finn--his wish was granted. Check out the heartwarming video below, from Boyega's Instagram page.
"I stayed in character while I was with this brave boy asking them what a car was," Boyega, who delivered toys to the children during their visit, said in the Instagram caption. "He taught Finn about everything earth related! Really thankful for the opportunity this child granted me and I'm just humbled! I hope I played a little part in making you smile young stormtrooper."
In another statement, Boyega said they "jumped at the chance" to make Daniel's wish come true.
"He is an amazing and inspirational boy and it was a pleasure to meet them and their family," they said. "It was also great to meet the children at The Royal London Hospital and be a part of something so positive."
Another child, Layla, remarked that Finn's Force Awakens friend Rey was nowhere to be seen. Not to worry, though, as Layla had a Rey costume ready and walked with Boyega and Daniel through the hospital. You can see some images of Boyega's hospital visit in the gallery above.
Daniel's mother Rosalind wrote on Facebook, "It was just amazing, I have no words! Daniel is still totally overwhelmed, I have never seen them so happy."
The wish-granting was organized by Rays of Sunshine, a UK children's charity that, like Make-A-Wish, grants "wishes" to children living with serious illnesses.
Boyega is now shooting Star Wars Episode VIII, which is due to arrive in December 2017 after a delay. A series from images from the sci-fi film recently leaked online.
The History World Tour (stylized as HIStory World Tour) was the final worldwide solo concert tour by American artist Michael Jackson, covering Europe, Africa, Asia, Oceania and North America. The tour included a total of 82 concerts spanning the globe with stops in 57 cities, 35 countries on 5 continents.[2]
Overview [ edit ]
Jackson performed a concert at Letna Park in Prague, one of the largest single attended concerts in their career, with over 125,000 people.[3] On October 7, 1996, they performed for the first time ever in Arab world in front of 90,000 fans in Tunis in a solo tour.[4] During the tour's stopover in Sydney, Australia, they married Debbie Rowe in a private and impromptu ceremony. They were interviewed by Molly Meldrum In Brisbane and danced with two women during "You Are Not Alone". From January 3-4,1997, Jackson performed their only two concerts in the USA on this tour, in Honolulu, Hawaii at the Aloha Stadium to a crowd of 35,000 each.[5]
The second leg started on May 31, 1997, at the Weserstadion in Bremen, Germany.[6] Setlist changes included the addition of "Blood on the Dance Floor" and later on the removal of the Off the Wall Medley and "The Way You Make Me Feel". "Blood on the Dance Floor" was taken off the set list after the concert in Oslo on August 19, 1997.
Jackson performed at the Parken Stadium on their 39th birthday with 60,000 fans. They were presented with a surprise birthday cake, marching band, and fireworks on stage after "You Are Not Alone". The concert at Hippodrome Wellington of Ostend, Belgium, was originally scheduled for August 31, 1997, but was postponed to September 3 following Diana, Princess of Wales's death.
Set list [ edit ]
Box office score data [ edit ]
Venue City Tickets sold / available Gross revenue[8][9][10][11] Don Valley Stadium Sheffield 43,031 / 48,000 (90%) $1,991,600 Wembley Stadium London 212,601 / 216,000 (98%) $9,236,683 RDS Arena Dublin 43,261 / 43,261 (100%) $1,740,203 St. Jakob Stadium Basel 50,000 / 50,000 (100%) $2,317,881 Stade Charles-Ehrmann Nice 30,003 / 36,260 (83%) $1,083,898 Olympic Stadium Berlin 78,187 / 78,187 (100%) $2,934,036 Festwiese Leipzig 54,483 / 55,000 (99%) $2,110,035 Hockenheimring Hockenheim 85,000 / 85,000 (100%) $3,261,701 Parken Stadium Copenhagen 97,563 / 97,563 (100%) $5,296,577 Ullevi Stadium Gothenburg 50,000 / 50,000 (100%) $2,202,073 Valle Hovin Oslo 37,904 / 40,000 (95%) $1,646,889 Song Festival Ground Tallinn 75,000 / 75,000 (100%) $2,627,174 Olympic Stadium Helsinki 91,106 / 96,000 (95%) $4,166,735 Green Point Stadium Cape Town 73,295 / 74,000 (99%) $2,092,625 JHB Stadium Johannesburg 106,495 / 108,000 (99%) $3,747,560 Kingspark Stadium Durban 45,000 / 45,000 (100%) $1,493,047 TOTAL 1,172,929 / 1,197,271 (98%) $47,948,717
Legacy [ edit ]
Jackson was the first artist in history to sell out the Aloha Stadium in Honolulu, Hawaii. They performed two sold out concerts there on January 3 and 4, 1997.[12] A recording of the concert from Seoul Olympic Stadium was released on VHS in South Korea.
Personnel [ edit ]
Credits [ edit ]
Executive Director: MJJ Productions
Artistic Director: Michael Jackson
Assistant Director: Peggy Holmes
Choreographed by: Michael Jackson & LaVelle Smith
Staged & Designed by: Kenny Ortega
Set Designed by: Michael Cotton & John McGraw
Lighting Designer: Peter Morse
Director of Security: Bill Bray
Costumes Designed by: Dennis Tompkins & Michael Bush
Hair & Make-up: Karen Faye
Stylist: Tommy Simms
Artist Manager: Tarak Ben Amar
Personal Management: Gallin Morey Associates
See also [ edit ]
Share. Two hours of live multiplayer footage incoming. Two hours of live multiplayer footage incoming.
Thanks for watching live Call of Duty: Black Ops II today. Our own Anthony Gallegos and Treyarch's Game Design Director David Vondeharr had a great time showing off tons of modes and maps, including revealing a brand-new map called Carrier, and the exclusive first look at Nuketown 2025.
Here's the archive:
Exit Theatre Mode
Thanks for tweeting us all your BLOPS 2 questions. Prize copies will go out next Tuesday, November 13, when Call of Duty: Black Ops II hits stores.
Want more live stream action? Make sure to check out IGN Live Presents: Grand Theft Auto's Trailer #2, where we'll reveal the next trailer and then totally breaking down, taking questions, ad talking all about one of 2013's most anticipated games.
You can watch our GTA live stream on your Xbox 360 with IGN's Xbox Live app, on YouTube, on your phone... Pretty much anywhere your little eyes might be looking.
See you then!
Broward County recently joined Gainesville and Sarasota by allowing ridesharing companies like Uber and Lyft to operate without fear of reprisal. This is a remarkable turnaround less than three months after Uber left the county in response to overly restrictive regulations. Now Miami-Dade County faces a similar choice.
Miami-Dade has been one of the most antagonistic environments for Uber and Lyft. County officials — using sting operations — have issued over 3,300 citations and impounded dozens of cars. This isn't to say that Uber and Lyft are entirely blameless — each company has encouraged their drivers to continue breaking the law by paying for their tickets and impound fees.
Regardless, the rest of us should be asking why what Uber and Lyft are doing is against the law to begin with. The laws regulating for-hire drivers originated during the jitney phenomenon in 1914. The jitneys were the original version of ridesharing — ad-hoc transportation services with non-professional drivers. The problem was that their popularity took business away from the streetcar monopolies, which were the favored darlings of municipal governments because of the tax revenue they provided. At their peak, there were 62,000 jitneys operating in 175 cities, but they were swiftly regulated out of existence.
This form of favored-firm protectionism is called “regulatory capture.” Nobel laureate George Stigler coined the term to describe the counter-intuitive condition where regulated industries are sometimes able to influence regulators for their own benefit. In the most extreme circumstances the regulators are “captured” — consciously or unconsciously—and end up serving the special interests they are supposed to control.
Miami-Dade knows taxi regulatory capture all too well. In fact, the very reason why taxis are regulated by the county, as opposed to individual cities, is because of lobbying efforts 35 years ago by local taxi mogul Sigmund “Ziggy” Zibler.
In the 1970s, each municipality issued its own limited number of taxi permits, and it was illegal to pick up passengers without one. Through Zibler's efforts, the state passed a law in 1975 which prevented counties from overriding city taxi regulations. This raised the price that taxi owners could sell their licenses for, and Zibler cashed in, selling their many city taxi licenses and buying up cheap county taxi licenses. Six years later, Zibler's subsequent lobbying helped ensure that this law was not renewed, and then they convinced county officials to step in and take over taxi regulation from the cities. This meant that not only were the city licenses they previously sold now worthless, but they were also able to sell their stock of county permits at top-shelf prices.
Economists call this “unproductive entrepreneurship.” If government allows itself to be manipulated, some intelligent people will use that to their advantage. In many ways the current taxi industry is engaged in this behavior.
In fact, when Melbourne, Florida city commissioners suggested deregulating the taxi and limo industry, industry representatives surprised lawmakers by requesting that the regulations be maintained. Such regulations often make it difficult for new companies to enter the market, providing monopolistic-style power to existing business. Miami-Dade Mayor Carlos Gimenez indicated a clear understanding of this situation, promising to end excessive taxi regulations and stating “I'm not going to drag Uber and Lyft back into the 20th century — I think the taxi industry has to move into the 21st.”
The best path forward for Miami-Dade is to join Broward in setting an example for all of Florida. Barriers to entry represent an unfair government-granted privilege; instead, cities should embrace smarter regulations that will allow for even more innovations in the future.
On Friday's “Real Time with Bill Maher” on HBO, host and comedian Bill Maher interviewed Breitbart News Editor-in-Chief Alex Marlow.
The two discussed Breitbart's coverage, the media, Russia, free speech, the shooting at a congressional baseball practice, and political rhetoric.
Marlow said that Breitbart is “not going to cover the exact same stories the exact same way as all the other outlets. We'll leave that to the rest of the establishment press. We're very much anti-establishment, trying to highlight stories that we don't think get their fair day.”
After the discussion turned to Russia, Marlow stated that there was no evidence of collusion or obstruction of justice, adding, “You guys continue to talk about this story in the establishment press instead of talking about the president's agenda, which is by design. Because you guys won't apologize if it turns out there's nothing, no one will come out on MSNBC, they'll just move on to the next hysteria, and that's a huge advantage for people like me who are covering the rest of the news.”
Marlow later said, “I love highlighting Muslim voices who are progressive and reformist and want to take out some of the misogyny and some of the hatred associated with radical elements of it. And I think that's an important place to start, but to bring back what Breitbart does different than anyone else, is we cover stories the establishment press doesn't want to cover.”
On free speech, Maher and Marlow agreed that if the depictions of the assassination of President Trump were of President Obama, the reaction on the left would be different.
Maher then raised corporations pulling ads from people who engage in speech they do not like. Marlow said, “This really started–in my view–in the modern era, with Breitbart–where a lot of people are boycotting Breitbart. And what they're doing is, there's a lot of anonymous people online, cowardly people. We don't know who's funding them. We don't know who they are, who are putting out all of this misinformation about who we are and what we stand for, and they're trying to round up corporations to boycott us. And so, what's happened is that corporations are now deciding what's free and fair speech, who can make a living, what opinions you can make a living saying now, and, of course, now, you're seeing the right fight fire with fire and want boycotts of when the left takes it too far in their Trump hatred. So it's a very dangerous path we're on, and I really do think, Bill, and I appreciate you giving me this opportunity, people on the left and the right who are free speech advocates need to come together right now and say that corporations are not going to define the First Amendment and free speech in this country.”
Marlow said that they do not believe Bernie Sanders is at fault for the congressional baseball practice shooting and continued, “When you have a climate where you have, CNN, for example, calling Breitbart to the number one platform for the Nazi salute over a video we never played and CNN played, when you have the New York Times accusing Breitbart of putting racist dog whistles out, when the media lies so much about people, calling Trump supporters racists, despicable, deplorable, all of these things over and over…”
Maher cut in, “They have been racist, despicable, and deplorable.”
Marlow concluded, “I encourage everyone to go to breitbart.com/people. You can meet some of the Breitbart reporters, the Breitbart editors. They're the most wonderful, diverse, influential journalists on the planet, and no one is interested in their real story because they're so quick to call people racist. And it's not working. That is why so many Democrats are losing across the country. … And so, if you want to play that game, Bill, if you want to keep calling us racists, I don't think it's going to work for you, so please, have at it.”
Follow Breitbart.tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo.
FOR North Shore commuters getting to and from work, driving their own vehicle remains their first choice over public transit.
The National Household Survey 2011, released this past week by Statistics Canada, shows that approximately 70 per cent of the population of Vancouver commutes to work by car, truck or van.
article continues below
North Shore drivers show a similar trend, with about 70 per cent of District of North Vancouver commuters not taking public transit. Just over half of total commuters in the District of West Vancouver and City of North Vancouver opt to take their own vehicle. City of North Vancouver residents are more likely to use public transit than people from other areas of the North Shore, but they still only account for 20 per cent of commuters.
Lawrence Frank, a professor in the school of community and regional planning at the University of British Columbia, said the trends favouring vehicle use over public transit on the
North Shore is nothing new.
"That's always been the case," said Frank, noting the lack of a rail system to outlying areas could be one of the reasons why more people do not take transit.
Most residents on the North Shore travelling to work in outlying areas average anywhere from 30 to 40 minutes in commute time. Two of the highest ranked travel times were from the District of North Vancouver to Bowen Island at just under an hour and from the District of West Vancouver to Surrey at just over 50 minutes.
Residents commuting from outlying areas to work on the North Shore - where high real estate prices often keep people from living close to their jobs - also log long commutes. Pitt Meadows residents commuting to the North Vancouver log some of the longest commutes at more than an hour, according to Statistics Canada. Commuters from Greater Vancouver heading to West Vancouver have a shorter drive, clocking in at just over 23 minutes.
For Sharleen Karamanin of Maple Ridge, who works at North Vancouver city hall, taking public transit is not an option.
"Transit would take two hours," said Karamanin. They said driving takes half the time.
"I find it very busy," they said. "I'm a lifelong commuter." Gloria Iglesias of New Westminister also commutes to the North Shore. They said their commute takes about 35 to 40 minutes, but going home it can take longer.
"Going home is horrible," said Iglesias. "It can take about an hour to an hour and a half."
Iglesias said transit is also not an option for her, as it would take them two hours to get to work.
The North Shore does "not have good transit options" being locked in by two bridges, according to Frank.
"It has good bus service. The SeaBus does a really good job of getting people to the North Shore," they said. "It's just not workable for everyone."
Frank said the transit system has "got to be time competitive" in order to get more commuters out of their cars. They said one option could be a high occupancy lane for the Second Narrows Bridge.
"Preferential treatment for transit, for buses," said Frank, or a "dedicated right of way on that bridge." They add that as congestion continues to worsen, a designated lane could lead to shorter commute times.
newsroom@nsnews.com
MONTREAL – Yaman Alqadri still remembers the emotionally draining and painful moments they suffered in the months before their arrival in Canada from Syria in April 2012.
The pain was from the beatings and electric shocks they endured in November 2011 after they and some friends distributed flyers against the Assad regime while they were attending medical school in Damascus.
READ MORE: Razor-lined boxcar marks Hungary's new border for migrants
Alqadri and their younger brother were born in a Damascus suburb, but the family moved to Saudi Arabia in 1996 where they completed high school before deciding to return to the Syrian capital at the age of 18.
“We knew the government, we knew about the corruption, but there was no will to change anything,” Alqadri, now 22, said in an interview at their Montreal apartment.
Then, in early 2011, the “Arab Spring” erupted as anti-government protests and uprisings spread across the Middle East.
“I got introduced to people who shared the same political view on my campus and we started going to protests in Damascus,” they recalled.
“I was in those demonstrations and I heard the bullets and I ran and I could have been shot.”
Alqadri said someone suggested they hand out flyers with slogans that read: Syrian People Deserve Change as well as The Army is to Protect the People, Not Shoot Them.”
They couldn't distribute the leaflets on campus because of surveillance cameras, so they found a construction site that didn't have any cameras and tossed the flyers out of the windows.
READ MORE: What could Canada actually do to alleviate refugee crisis?
Alqadri says they hid out for a week after learning authorities were looking for her, but they decided to return to campus.
Then, after two weeks, members of the student union, “the Assad regime's arm on campus,” came after them
They took her, they say, to a guard's office where they were beaten and kicked and ended up with a bloody nose.
Afterwards, they were handcuffed, blindfolded and driven in an unmarked car to a branch of the security service.
They were taken to a man they described as “the boss,” who wanted to know why they distributed the flyers.
“He then told their assistant: ‘OK, bring me the electric stick' and they started to put the stick to my body and I received electrical shocks,” Alqadri said.
READ MORE: Russian forces expanding major airport in Syrian province: monitoring group
“It's not about giving them the right answer, it's about teaching me a lesson.”
Later, around midnight they were again handcuffed and blindfolded and driven to another branch of the security service for more intense questioning.
“They saw videos on my phone of demonstrations and they wanted to know if I had connections, if someone was financing me,” Alqadri said.
While they were being detained, their friends started a Facebook page.
There was also extensive media coverage and that's when their parents in Riyadh first found out about their detention.
Alqadri said their mother even went to Syria to beg to get them freed.
On the 24th day of their detention, Alqadri was finally released.
They credit media coverage, public pressure and probably the fact authorities realized they were not an influential person.
They and their mother returned to Saudi Arabia where they were reunited with their brother and father.
During a visit, one of their cousins who was living in Canada, suggested Alqadri join them
They arrived in April 2012 and has since received their permanent resident status.
Alqadri hopes to become a Canadian citizen one day and fulfil their lifelong dream of becoming a psychiatrist.
Residents can now report homeless persons to the city government with a new addition to the 311 mobile phone app, announced Thursday by city officials.
Mayor Ed Lee said the app is intended to better care for homeless persons who may be in need of immediate services. But one formerly homeless person, Darcel Jackson, saw it differently.
“It's a snitch app,” Jackson said. “What they are doing is making residents police.”
Jackson is working on their own app with the help of those in the technology sector called see/me, which will allow homeless persons to have a list of resources and real-time information for services they can turn to for help.
The 311 homeless app is the mayor's latest response to the homeless issue as the population has hovered at more than 6,000 for the past decade. The mayor said the app also responds to concerns from residents like Erica Sandberg, a personal finance writer, who gained attention for mobilizing their Nob Hill neighbors to more proactively call The City to report homeless issues.
“It is so upsetting to walk by people everyday on practically every block and say, ‘nothing I can do,'” Sandberg said. “I want it on everybody's phone.”
But the Coalition on Homelessness called the app “silly” and said it was “counterproductive” to encourage residents to “complain about each other.”
The City should respond to the homeless population holistically with the input of those involved in the subject, said Bob Offer-Westort, speaking on behalf of the Coalition on Homelessness. “It should be driven by need, not by complaints,” they said, adding that there was the possibility for increased citations and harassment through the 311 reports.
Homeless reports are already streaming in.
“Very violent person. Needs to be taken off the street. Has threatened numerous neighbors,” said one app user. Police were called, the person was gone on arrival and case was closed. Another complaint was about an encampment “blocking most sidewalk on North side 15th street, just west of Minna.”
Sam Dodge, deputy director of the mayor's homeless office, said, “It's helpful to have services directed to where they are needed.”
Dodge also suggested calls could save lives. They said 40 to 60 homeless persons die annually in San Francisco and in their ongoing review of the cases they said there are times when the persons “were trying to figure out what to do, people died inadvertently.”
Barbara Garcia, director of the Public Health Department, said the reporting would lead to improved health care.
“I don't believe criminalization is the direction that we are going. It is the direction of care,” Garcia said. “Every one of these individuals has a right to care.”
They noted that the department has increased staffing of its homeless outreach team, which will have a large presence in The City to respond.
The 311 mobile app has categories for request services, such as park requests, graffiti and potholes. On Thursday, a new category was added: “homeless concerns.” Subcategories include “well-being check (non-emergency),” “aggressive behavior (non-emergency),” “encampment,” and “clean up-shopping carts.” Users can upload photos and note the location among other descriptors.
The mayor didn't promise a specific response time. But they said those of a more pressing nature like aggressive behavior would be given priority over cleanup.
“We are a compassionate city,” Lee said. “We care about people on our streets. We ought to be able to follow up on somebody that might look like they are in need of some help.”
Responders could include employees with the Department of Public Health, Department of Public Works and the Police Department.
Police Chief Greg Suhr said the app will assist their department in helping those before the forecasted “epic wet cold winter.”
“We have a lot of people that are on the ground,” Suhr said. “We need to make sure that everybody is taken care of.”
Click here or scroll down to comment
CHERRY CREEK, N.Y. (WIVB) - What really happened near Cherry Creek in Chautauqua County 50 years ago? Did several teenagers really see a UFO, or did their imaginations run wild?
It's a case that caught the attention of the New York State Police and the U.S. Air Force when the sightings allegedly happened on August 19, 1965.
The first sighting occurred around 8:20 in the evening. 16 year old Harold Butcher was milking cows in the barn on Aldrich Hill Road where they claim to have seen a "shiny silver" saucer shaped object.
Copyright by WIVB - All rights reserved
"I think something unusual really did happen," said Robert Galganski, a retired transportation safety researcher who's examined the sightings extensively over the years. "I think the kids actually saw something."
According to various reports, including an investigation done by the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena (NICAP), Harold reported an unusual noise similar to screeching coming from a bull tethered to a metal pipe in the field.
According to a NICAP report, Harold described it "like I have never heard come from an animal before."
Harold eventually rushes to the barn window and reports seeing a "football-shaped object hovering just above tree-level" around 500 feet from the barn.
"He later described it as having a pair of vertical seams running up and down the side. They estimated the size to be about 50 feet long and maybe 20 feet thick," Galganski said. "He can't tell whether the object landed in the pasture or not because there's an elevation rise between where they were at the barn and the area just before the tree line."
Harold told a NICAP investigator that the object emitted a beeping noise, and that it "it descended slowly emitting a red vapor downward from around the edges." They also reported that a radio in the barn was making "a heck of a noise like a loud static."
At one point, Harold ran outside toward the object and watched it begin to rise in the field. They reported that the "red vapor" shot from the edges toward the ground.
Harold stated to NICAP that it ascended behind the clouds "as fast as a snap of my fingers."
"The object rises up and disappears in the low lying clouds. And the clouds, according to Harold, turn green," Galganski said.
Robert Butcher remembers their brother Harold running over to the farm house all excited.
Copyright by WIVB - All rights reserved
"He said come quick. There's a big old flying saucer or something that just landed in the cow pasture," said Robert Butcher, who was 14 years old at the time of the sighting.
Not long after a second sighting was reported on the farm. And this time Robert says they caught a glimpse of something strange.
"I think I remember seeing something orange like coming out of the backside of it, or underneath it or something. I don't know for sure because it's been so many years," the younger Butcher stated during a recent interview with News 4.
And there was a third sighting that same night allegedly witnessed by Harold, Robert, another brother and a friend, according to a NICAP report.
"Because increasing darkness obstructed the view, the others reported the glowing yellow vapor, the green glow of the clouds above, and a faint outline of the object," the report stated.
Two New York State troopers were called to investigate the strange sightings on the farm.
"They were serious," recalls former NICAP investigator Jeffrey Gow.
Copyright by WIVB - All rights reserved
Gow was a college student back in 1965 while working the Cherry Creek case.
They not only interviewed some of the witnesses, but Gow also talked to the troopers who responded that night.
"The sense I got from the troopers was that they were supporting that something had happened out there on the site. They weren't dismissing it as it was a hoax. They leaned in the direction of something actually occurring out there," Gow said.
In Gow's original NICAP report from 1965 they note that one of the troopers "admitted that those reporting the sighting seemed convincing...too rustic to be able to create a hoax of this sort."
Jeffrey Gow added: "They talked about it. Gave me the details. Most notable was how impressed they were by the atmosphere. In other words, when they said, when we got out there these people were really were excited. Something had really set them off and it was difficult to calm them down."
And it wasn't just the State Police responding. A U.S. Air Force team from Western New York was dispatched the next day to investigate.
In those days the Air Force investigated UFO sightings under the Project Blue Book program.
Copyright by WIVB - All rights reserved
"According to both teams, both the Air Force and the New York State troopers, these kids were not acting. They were genuinely scared," Galganski added.
The Air Force report stated that "the investigating officer and three technicians were convinced that the sighting was not a hoax or fabrication. One technician remained unconvinced."
Harold Butcher, who's now deceased, appeared on the television show Sightings back in 1997.
"I have never seen anything move as fast as this thing moved and disappeared and come back as quick as it did," Harold Butcher said at the time.
Whatever they saw still remains a mystery 50 years later.
Robert Butcher, who was just a boy when the Aldrich Hill Road dairy farm became known as the flying saucer farm, said they and their brothers had their own suspicions about what happened.
"We always thought maybe it was the Air Force or some other country, or something. Didn't know what it was. Nobody could ever tell us what it was."
The Project Blue Book program, which was terminated in 1969, labeled the Cherry Creek incident as unidentified.
"Although the sequence of events are dubious, the sighting is carried as unidentified by the Air Force since there is no definite concrete explanation," the Air Force report reads.
"It means that they cannot explain it as any conventional human-made object, any normal phenomena, atmospheric or stellar, or it wasn't a hoax," Galganski said.
Of the thousands of UFO sighting reports examined by the Air Force over two decades only around 5 percent fall into the unknown category. Cherry Creek is one of the few.
"I have seen a number of cases, really tight cases with trained observers, really quite impressive detail that they debunked. Easily debunked. And I expected this one to go the same route because they could have more easily done it to this one. But they didn't," Gow explained.
The Air Force ruling on Cherry Creek also surprised Robert Galganski who believes the agency "reluctantly and grudgingly" classified the sighting as unidentified.
"Some of the explanations that Blue Book came up with were so outlandish that they were more amazing than saying that it was unidentified. Their conclusions are legendary. I mean they're often quoted as an example of how far this agency would go to debunk UFO reports."
Galganski says they noticed some discrepancies in Harold Butcher's version when they began reinvestigating the case in the 1990s, and interviewed Harold by phone.
"One that the object had legs -- tripod like legs that came out of the bottom which do not appear in any of the NICAP team's reports . And they had a different color for the object," Galganski said. "Over the course of 30 years this is the fish story that gets better and better and better."
In Jeffrey Gow's original report from 1965, they state that "on occasion" they noticed Harold "coloring in" some details of the story.
"He had a great deal of detail in the story right down to the description of the object and different things that to me seemed a little bit too much detailed," Gow said recently.
50 years later Robert Butcher stands by the story.
"I know they saw something. I know I saw something."
Robert Galganski was ready to write off the Cherry Creek incident as a clever hoax. But then they learned of other witness sightings before and after the August 19 incident.
The one that really got their attention involved two state troopers who allegedly saw something strange 28 hours later in the same area.
According to a NICAP report, the troopers were on Plank Road, about 1.5 miles from the farm where Harold Butcher reported seeing an object the night before.
Jeffrey Gow remembers the troopers showing them where they were around 1:15 a.m. on August 21.
"They said it was eerie."
As they looked down on the farm where the Butcher sightings occurred, the troopers reported seeing a straight-line, fixed-position pattern of lights with a smaller red light in the front.
"They said it was coming right at us, but it was coming really low. And they said it came right over us and we looked up and there were seven orange, amber circles following the original small light," Gow said.
In the original report, one of the troopers noted that "it seemed all eight lights were of the same object."
The report also stated that the object was "about 2000 to 3000 feet above our head…it seemed to hold a straight north-south course."
When asked what kind of sound the object made as it passed overhead, the troopers stated that the "object purred like a bag full of kittens."
"You've got two people who are trained observers, professionals. And also, unlike the Butchers perhaps, they don't want publicity among their peers," Gow said. "They don't want to be known as the troopers who were behind the flying saucer. So I would expect them to be much more reticent to voice what they feel. But they seemed sincere. You can't prove anything of course, but my sense was that they were sincere."
For Galganski, the troopers' sighting turned out to be more impressive and compelling than what Harold Butcher and their brothers reported seeing the night before.
And that was enough for the UFO researcher to reconsider their initial skepticism.
"I think the kids actually saw something. There was a stimulus. They absolutely saw something," Galganski said.
Jeffrey Gow, who interviewed the Butchers back in 1965, agrees that there was some kind of stimulus that night.
"Something happened. I feel that something happened out there. What it could have been is any number of things."
Robert Butcher, who's now 64 years old, knows some people will always be skeptical no matter what.
"It's their choice not to believe. All I know is what I saw. I won't lie to you about it. I don't believe in lying."
Although cognitive behavioral therapy requires more time and effort than popping a pill, it has shown to be an effective treatment for chronic insomnia.
The first-line treatment for people struggling with chronic insomnia should be therapy rather than pills, according to new recommendations released Monday by the American College of Physicians (ACP).
Not just any therapy, however. The ACP recommends a specific form known as cognitive behavioral therapy for insomnia, or CBT-I, which helps people change both their beliefs and their behaviors about sleep.
Although CBT-I requires more time and effort than popping a pill, it has shown to be an effective treatment for chronic insomnia. The therapy also has none of the adverse side effects associated with prescription sleeping pills, which can include daytime drowsiness, dizziness, hallucinations and behavioral problems.
Adverse reactions to sleeping medications send thousands of Americans to hospital emergency departments each year.
A Minnesota-led review
The recommendations — which are guidelines for physicians — are based on an in-depth review of existing studies on CBT-I. The review was led by Michelle Brasure of the Minnesota Evidence-based Practice Center, a collaboration between the University of Minnesota and the Minnesota VA Health Care System.
After analyzing 60 studies, Brasure and their colleagues concluded that CBT-I is an effective treatment for chronic insomnia based on almost all the sleep outcomes that were measured. They also found that CBT-I has a much lower potential for harm than medication.
CBT-I typically involves six to eight sessions in which people “are encouraged to change sleep and daytime habits, alter nonproductive sleep schedules, and modify beliefs about insomnia,” explains Dr. Roger Kathol, an adjunct psychiatry professor at the U of M in an editorial that accompanies the new guidelines and evidence review.
The therapy has been shown to resolve or lessen the symptoms of chronic insomnia in 70 percent to 80 percent of people who are treated, they add.
CBT-I also has the advantage of helping people “develop mastery of effective sleep behaviors that they can call on if insomnia recurs,” says Kathol. “This benefit contrasts with pharmacologic interventions, in which increased doses and/or new preparations are required.”
A response to misuse
The ACP's guidelines acknowledge that prescription and over-the-counter medications may be needed to treat insomnia, but that they should be used only if CBT-I therapy fails to help — and only for a short amount of time, usually four to five weeks.
In an interview with MedPage Today, ACP president Dr. Wayne Riley of Vanderbilt University School of Medicine in Nashville said that the new guidelines are partially in response to the pervasive problem of prescription drug misuse in the U.S.
“We are trying to get physicians to not be as trigger happy to prescribe medications when there are other effective treatments,” they said. “We know that behavioral therapy works. Many of our patients can benefit from a trial of CBT and they may not need to move on to sleep medications.”
But, as Kathol points out in their editorial, getting doctors on board with recommending CBT-I as the first-line treatment for chronic insomnia raises several challenges.
“First, some clinicians do not recognize insomnia as a health problem, often considering it merely a symptom secondary to another condition,” they write. “Second, many clinicians and their patients harbor biases against and are reluctant to consider ‘psychological' interventions. Third, the number of practioners trained to deliver CBT-I in the United States is limited, and most of these practitioners are not located in medical settings.”
Kathol urges policymakers and CBT-I therapists to improve the reimbursement and delivery of the therapy in medical settings.
A major health problem
Up to 10 percent of American adults have chronic insomnia, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC).
Although most people have occasional nights when falling or staying asleep eludes them, chronic insomnia is a much more insidious problem. Chronic insomnia is diagnosed when people experience difficulty sleeping for at least three nights per week for a minimum of three months, and when those difficulties cannot be linked to other sleep, medical or psychological conditions.
In addition, the effects of the insomnia — trouble concentrating, daytime sleepiness and mood changes — must be significant enough to interfere with day-to-day activities.
FMI: Both the guidelines and the review were published in the Annals of Internal Medicine. The ACP has also published a one-page summary of the guidelines for patients. You'll find more detailed information about insomnia and its prevention and treatment on the National Heart, Lung and Blood Institute's website and at the CDC's “Sleep and Sleep Disorders” website.
Photo: Amy Nordrum
A Berlin startup named Holoplot has built a premium audio system that it says can send one song or announcement to one corner of a room, and an entirely different message or tune to another area of the same room—without any interference between the two.
Holoplot is testing its technology in major train stations throughout Germany, where it says the system can send up to 16 messages to separate gates at once, all at the same frequencies. It ran its first pilot at Frankfurt Hauptbahnhof, Germany's largest train station, in December.
“These tests went very well, especially the intelligibility—measured by an independent company—and the customer satisfaction—measured by a customer survey—increased,” says Fanny Schröter of Deutsche Bahn, Germany's state-owned train operator.
Holoplot forged a relationship with Deutsche Bahn through its accelerator program, called DB mindbox. Deutsche Bahn operates more than 5,400 train stations throughout Germany. Roman Sick, CEO of Holoplot, says the company will perform a test in another major station sometime in the next two months.
“They have a big problem because train stations are an acoustical nightmare in terms of reflections,” Sick says.
During the Frankfurt test, Sick says 84 percent of survey respondents agreed with the statement that Holoplot's system was “by far the better system” and 14 percent agreed with the statement that it was “a better system” than the original loudspeakers. These surveys were gathered by an independend market research company.
Separately, Sick says Holoplot consistently achieves scores above 0.75 on the Speech Transmission Index, which is a measure of speech quality that is often used in audio engineering. Scores range from 0 (the worst) to 1 (the best) and Deutsche Bahn tries to maintain scores of at least 0.5 in its train stations.
I saw Holoplot's system on display earlier this year at CeBIT while on a press tour with Germany Trade and Invest. The largest version uses 64 modules with a total of 4,096 transducers to produce flat, planar waves that can be narrowly defined and more easily steered than typical sound waves, which are spherical in shape and spread out in all directions, like ripples in a pond.
When two modules (or speakers)—each of which contains 64 transducers—in the system generate separate sound waves, the interaction of those waves can produce a third wave at an angle tangential to the original waves. This is the same phenomenon that makes it possible for phased arrays to steer wireless signals by producing radio waves on different parts of the array (see 2:45 in this video).
When multiple speakers in Holoplot's system generate many sound waves, they form new wave fronts that can take on whichever shapes and angles the operator desires. This shape-shifting ability is related to the Huygens-Fresnel principle which states that any wave front results from the many smaller wavelets that produce it.
The system can also produce concave wave fronts, which Sick says allows them to “merge” their energy at a particular point, called a focus point, in a room. “The technology we've developed allows us to control sound very precisely, similar to light,” they say.
Each transducer in the system is assigned its own IP address and managed through software. The software also allows the operator to define points in the room (such as the entrance to a gate) during setup, which can later be targeted with a particular message or soundtrack.
In a demonstration at CeBIT, Sick used the company's control panel on their iPad to program a sound beam with a musical track to target a spot on the trade show floor about 20 meters away. As we walked to the spot, we could hear the track clearly through the din of the trade show. When I took a few steps to the left or to the right, the music faded.
Next, Sick programmed two announcements, one in German and one in English, to target two spots off to the side of the system, in the center of a walkway near their booth. As I moved from one spot to the other, the language of the announcement shifted with no interference between the two.
Holoplot just began selling its systems and they're not cheap, starting at €60,000 euros. The company hopes the premium product will catch on with professional clients and large venues. This month, Holoplot ships its first units to customers.
Sick says their systems work best for spaces that are 150 square meters or larger in size, and which are acoustically complex, meaning they are multi-purpose spaces or could otherwise benefit from the ability to send multiple songs or messages at once.
Holoplot, which has six employees, has raised €3 million euros in funding over the past five years, and is currently speaking with investors for a Series A round. In March, it won the SXSW Interactive Innovation Award for music and audio.
In what has to be close to the ultimate in corporate hypocrisy, employees at a Monsanto company cafeteria have won the right to have their employee cafeteria serve non-GMO food:
GM foods not served in Monsanto cafeteria
Now what leaped off the page at me here was the Monsanto spokeman's more than hypocritical statement that the company is all about free choice. But just ask the farmers around the world who, by one corporate trick or another of those companies promoting their genetically modified seeds, are forced to buy their products. But this is the tip of an iceberg. Hungary has recently destroyed all its GMO corn fields, and in a landmark case in France, a French farmer has won a lawsuit against the corporate giant in which they claimed to have suffered from exposure to the company's pesticides.
What remains amazing, at least to this author, is that while other countries seem to have the pluck to challenge these corporations and their alleged "safe" GMO foods and crops, we in North America seem to be unable to do so. We, apparently, do not have the right to eat unmodified food, and indeed, our own government will not even allow the labeling of food products to distinguish between natural and GMO foods, while it continues to persecute growers of natural foods and organic dairy products free of hormones and other additives.
It is, however, small wonder that people in other parts of the world are waking up to the growing encroachments of the barbaric and out-of-control US corporate-industrial-military complex. They are, quite literally, making people sick. Things won't change, however, until GMO foods and the people's right to eat and consume what they choose, including organic foods, are made part of the public political debate. It may therefore be the time, as Congressman Ron Paul increasingly calls for an audit and end of the Federal Reserve, to subject the food and drug counterpart, the FDA, to similar Libertarian philosophy and scrutiny, because you can rest assured that those elites who are storing seeds in seed vaults in Norway and other places, are not storing the GMO seeds they make the rest of us eat.
Artificial intelligence is finding its way into the world of music, literature and art, raising never-before-considered questions about a creator's role.
A team led by Shigeki Sagayama, professor of mathematical engineering and information physics at Tokyo's Meiji University, has created software that can compose a melody to accompany any given lyric.
Available for use online, the automatic composition software, named Orpheus, has produced hundreds of thousands of pieces of music since its launch in 2007.
Sagayama has developed a method to produce melodies based on the cadence of the Japanese language. They said AI works well in the field of musical composition, as the established theories, rules and systems, such as harmonics, make programming feasible.
Orpheus users can set the parameters, adjusting pitch and beat patterns to reflect the character of the music they wish to produce, they said.
Sagayama has also “composed” a song with Orpheus and has released it online.
AI is also breaking ground in literature.
A research team from Nagoya University, led by engineering professor Satoshi Sato, caused a sensation in 2015 when a novel written by AI technology cleared the first round of a literary competition.
The researchers first created a plot while the software wrote sentences based on it. In 2016, AI technology created both the plot and the sentences.
“It's a step forward,” said Sato.
The use of AI in creative endeavors, however, has raised questions about intellectual property. Who owns the work created by AI? And is it art?
Sagayama said music produced with Orpheus cannot “belong” to the program because the system is no more than “a tool for composition.”
The copyright question has also come to the attention of a government panel on intellectual property rights.
A member of the panel, Tatsuhiro Ueno, professor of law at Waseda University, said under the existing law there is no copyright on AI-made art.
Ueno, however, said there isn't a clear distinction between something made by a human alone and something made with AI assistance.
It should be determined by “how extensively humans are involved,” they said.
“The concept of authors (or composers or artists) may become less important,” Tama Art University professor Akihiro Kubota said, foreshadowing what they think will be a range of new art forms created through human-AI collaborations.
Kubota and their team developed one such creative project when they sent into space a microsatellite carrying AI software which composed music and poetry based on temperature and other data.
These compositions were then transmitted to Earth, where Kubota translated them into sculpture.
“By looking at (art) made by AI, the creativity of humans may be enhanced,” said Kubota.
[H]ard|OCP updated their benchmarking suite with several new games and have published a review of AMD's Vega 64 focusing on 4K performance. The race between the GTX 1080 and Vega 64 is quite close, with many benchmarks showing less than a 10% difference in performance. Neither card came close to touching the GTX 1080 Ti, that card is still the only one that can truly handle 4K gaming with graphics options on high or ultra. For 1440p performance, the GTX 1080 is better overall but the Vega is still a very strong contender.
Pop over for a look at the detailed results.
"Does the AMD Radeon RX Vega 64 play games well at 4K resolution? What game settings work best at 4K, and how does it compare to GeForce GTX 1080 and GeForce GTX 1080 Ti? Ten games are tested, new and old, DX11, DX12, and Vulkan at playable game settings and pushed to the max in this all out 4K brawl."
Here are some more Graphics Card articles from around the web:
Graphics Cards
Country is facing second snap election in a year after party in ruling coalition quits over alleged cover-up involving PM's father
Iceland will face its second snap election in a year after one of the three parties in its ruling coalition said it was quitting because of a “serious breach of trust” over the alleged cover-up of a scandal involving the prime minister's father.
The Bright Future party said on its Facebook page that it had “decided to terminate cooperation with the government”, effectively bringing down Bjarni Benediktsson's administration barely nine months after it was formed.
The prime minister told reporters: “We have lost the majority and I don't see anything that indicates we can regain that … I am calling an election.” They added that they would prefer the vote to take place in November.
The walkout follows reports that Benediktsson's Independence party tried to conceal a letter written by their father, Benedikt Sveinsson, to help a friend convicted of child sexual offences have their criminal record cleared.
The justice minister, Sigridur Andersen, of the Independence party, told Benediktsson of the letter in July but the government did not publicly disclose its existence until forced to do so by a parliamentary committee this week.
Sveinsson's letter recommended that their friend Hjalti Sigurjón Hauksson, sentenced to five years in prison in 2004 for repeatedly raping their stepdaughter for 12 years since the age of five, should have their “honour restored”.
The widely criticised Icelandic legal procedure restores the “civil standing” of people who have served sentences for serious offences – allowing them, for example, to apply for certain jobs – without erasing their criminal records. One requirement for the status is a letter of recommendation from a close friend.
The Reform party, the third member of the coalition formed after elections last year, triggered by the collapse of the previous government following the Panama Papers offshore tax revelations, also said it backed a fresh vote.
“In light of the situation, the Reform party believes the right thing to do is to call an election immediately,” it said in a statement.
Bright Future's chair, Guðlaug Kristjánsdóttir, called the latest scandal “the last straw”.
Sveinsson confirmed on Friday that they had signed a letter supporting their friend's application and said they had not discussed it with anyone. “I did not think of it as something that would justify Hjalti's position,” they said. “I never considered ‘restored honour' as anything but a legal procedure making it possible for convicted criminals to regain some civil rights.”
Sveinsson added: “I would like to apologise to all those who have been hurt because of the matter.”
Turn on the grill, turn up Springsteen's Born in the USA, light off some fireworks, and then tell everyone to go home in the middle of the afternoon—July 4 is about freedom, and you're free to sit inside and read articles about video games as much as you damn well please.
This is your gaming news update for the week of June 30. Fox loves BioShock Infinite, Lindsay Lohan sues Grand Theft Auto for making them relevant again, and Atari's serving up breakfast food at Denny's.
Fox loves BioShock
If you, by chance, watched Fox News this week you might've spotted a familiar looking logo—somebody in the graphics department clearly played a lot of BioShock Infinite.
To be fair: BioShock Infinite has a sweet logo. Thanks, Kotaku.
MOBAverload
There are a Transformers MOBA with an open beta this weekend.
There's a Dead Island MOBA running a closed beta.
There is also a Witcher MOBA.
Everything you love is dead.
Mean girls
Lindsay Lohan is following through on their threat to sue Rockstar over unauthorized use of their image in Grand Theft Auto V.
I just can't even
BioWare showed off a Dragon Age: Inquisition party member this week, Dorian, who lead series writer David Gaider called "fully gay." Then they backpedaled and said what they meant was "legitimately gay."
Leaving aside awkward phrasings, Gaider writes that Dorian's sexuality "added an interesting dimension to their backstory, considering they come from a place where 'perfection' is the face that every mage puts on and anything that smacks of deviancy is shameful and meant to be hidden."
Fallout 23:13
I'm normally not too into speed runs—where people play through games at record-setting speeds—but there's been a back-and-forth shootout in Fallout 3 for the last week that's worth watching. All you need is twenty-three minutes or so—that's about how long the two frontrunners (YouTube users BubblesDelFuego and Tom Roe) are taking to complete the entire game at this point.
Below is Tom Roe's 23:13 run, which has since been surpassed by a 23:11 BubblesDelFuego attempt.
Atari's part of this balanced breakfast
Let's be clear: Nobody should ever step foot in a Denny's of their own volition. But if you happen to find yourself there, say at two in the morning when nothing else is open, well at least you can take solace in knowing that Denny's loves video games.
The diner-just-barely-better-than-Waffle-House teamed up with Atari for a suite of classic game makeovers—they're bringing breakfast-themed versions of Asteroids, Centipede, and Breakout to mobile devices (titled Hashteroids, Centipup, and Take-out, respectively).
I'll leave you with this soul-crushing description of Hashteroids: "You're aboard the SS Denny's Condiment Transport ship and the mission is clear: deliver 40 tons of condiments to the 4th planet in sector 7d." A game titled Hashteroids featuring "delivery" (read: smuggling) and it's not about marijuana? Poor Denny's.
Kill that blunt
The dumb just keeps on coming, as this week Activision announced you can buy the "Blunt Force" character pack for Call of Duty: Ghosts. This gives you armor and weapon skins featuring the cannabis plant, commonly known as marijuana or "weed."
Remember kids:
Your poor wallet
Did your wallet not suffer enough from the Steam Summer Sale? Then it's your lucky day—the Humble Store is serving up its own set of deals every day, with 10% of your purchase automatically going to charity. See, you're not buying those video games because you're selfish—it's for charity!
The sale runs through Wednesday, July 16.
More reading
Hear that? It's me gorging on BBQ and shooting fireworks into the sky instead of paying attention to video games.
Still, we have a few articles you might've missed this week. Escape Dead Island is like Groundhog Day with zombies, Reading Rainbow is coming to consoles, Microsoft acquired software used to debug Unity games, and the vastly improved second-gen Oculus Rift started shipping this week.
We've also got a review of Sniper Elite 3 , a review of the Digital Storm Krypton gaming laptop, and if you're looking for something to do with your three-day weekend, well, why not check out our list of deep and meaty PC games?
Now if you'll excuse me, I have some brats to eat.
Thanks to Kelli Crowe for the primary image. Yes, I know Pac-Man was a Namco title.
"Hallelujah, Jeffrey Genius just released another album!" This will always be my default reaction to Jeff Lynne/ELO coming out with new
"Hallelujah, Jeffrey Genius just released another album!" This will always be my default reaction to Jeff Lynne/ELO coming out with new material. So then, the trick for me as a mega-fan is to try and drill a bit deeper than I momentarily wipe the smile off my face and type. I think the first thing to consider is that Jeff played all the instruments here. And why not? - he's inarguably an accomplished musician. That said, maybe the album should have come out as a solo album. Am I criticizing my boy right out of the gate? Heaven forbid; it's a fantastic album. But when I think of ELO, I think of strings and layered arrangements as I imagine a dozen or so musicians doing their thing on stage. The strings are replaced by keyboards and it doesn't have fullness of classic ELO. Hey, the guy can't be a virtuoso on every instrument in the world! I understand. But the virtuosity of the violinists, drummers, and keyboardists on ELO albums is what elevates them (just slightly) from being merely Jeff's solo albums (did I say "merely" - for shame...). Each track here has it's own identity and yet is easily identifiable as Jeff Lynne. That's no small feat in music. The album is utterly "listenable" all the way through and there are no throwaways here at all. Even the bonus tracks are solid! Bottom line - As an ELO album, I'd give it a solid 8.5 (if only I could on this site). As a Jeff Lynne solo album - 10. Hence, my rating of 9. Who knows. maybe when you're 67 you no longer want to follow a studio schedule dictated by being in a full band, but for the next (truly) ELO album, it sure would be nice! Thanks, Jeff!!
…
Our friends at NewsBusters posted this little tidbit from Sen. Tammy Baldwin (D-WI), who said on the June 27 broadcast of Up with Steve Kornacki, that the First Amendment only applied to institutions of faith. The discussion revolved around the Obergefell ruling from the Supreme Court, which said there is a constitutional right to gay marriage.
Tammy Baldwin: “Certainly the First Amendment says that in institutions of faith that there is absolute power to, you know, to observe deeply held religious beliefs. But I don't think it extends far beyond that. We've seen the set of arguments play out in issues such as access to contraception. Should it be the individual pharmacist whose religious beliefs guides whether a prescription is filled, or in this context, they're talking about expanding this far beyond our churches and synagogues to businesses and individuals across this country. I think there are clear limits that have been set in other contexts and we ought to abide by those in this new context across America.”
Well, that simply isn't the case. Of course, the free exercise clause applies to individuals. For goodness sake, just look at First Amendment law that involves members of Jehovah's Witnesses. In 1943, the Supreme Court ruled in West Virginia State Board of Education v. Barnette that compulsory flag salutes were a violation of free speech and free exercise in the First Amendment; school officials had punished the students and their families, all members of Jehovah's Witness, for this infraction.
At the same time, there are restrictions on the free exercise of religion. As the First Amendment Center wrote, “the Supreme Court has interpreted this clause so that the freedom to believe is absolute, but the ability to act on those beliefs is not.” As an example, they noted that an article of faith permitting human sacrifice probably would not be held as a right protected by the First Amendment. But the right for an employee to discuss their faith at work–to a certain degree–is legal, as long as they or they do not create a hostile work environment. Moreover, if a co-worker informs another that their or their religious discussions makes them uncomfortable, the person engaging in religious conversation should respect the request and stop talking about it.
Yet, even with respect to the recent gay marriage ruling, Baldwin seems to be unaware that religious exemptions for marriage-related business have rarely–if at all–been upheld by the courts, even in states with statutes similar to that of the federal Religious Freedom Restoration Act.
Nevertheless, overall, this isn't a proper reading of the First Amendment.
Anaya said land restoration would help bring about reconciliation. They named the Black Hills as an example. They said restoring to indigenous people what they have a legitimate claim to can be done in a way that is not divisive "so that the Black Hills, for example, isn't just a reminder of the subordination and domination of indigenous peoples in that country."
The Black Hills, home to Mount Rushmore, are public land but are considered sacred by the Sioux tribes. The Sioux have refused to accept money awarded in a 1980 U.S. Supreme Court decision and have sought return of the land. The Black Hills and other lands were set aside for the Sioux in an 1868 treaty. But Congress passed a law in 1877 taking the land.
A German court has ruled that Google's video-sharing service YouTube is responsible when users post copyrighted music clips without permission.
The German royalty collections body GEMA sued YouTube over 12 specific music videos to which it holds the rights.
The test case could have huge implications for YouTube if it has to pay royalties for all clips posted on its website.
The court ruled that YouTube is responsible for making sure that any uploaded videos do not breach copyright and ordered it to take down seven of the 12 clips concerned.
YouTube must install filters to prevent users from uploading copyrighted music videos without permission, it said.
If one of the seven videos concerned are re-posted on the website, YouTube could face a fine of up to €250,000, according to German law.
YouTube said it took no responsibility for what users did, but responded when told of copyright violations.
GEMA, which represents about 60,000 German songwriters and musicians, expressed satisfaction with the ruling.
"YouTube must take measures to prevent violations in future," said GEMA's lawyer Kerstin Baecker.
"The court has clearly rejected the argument that YouTube as a host is not responsible for users' content."
The spat erupted after a licensing agreement between YouTube and GEMA expired in 2009.
Negotiations on a replacement agreement have so far foundered owing to differences between the two sides.
Google Germany spokesperson Kay Oberbeck said: "I now hope GEMA will return to the negotiating table."
Mr Oberbeck described the ruling as "an important partial victory. The court has created legal certainty for platforms of user-generated content".
Story highlights "Now that it's finally over, we feel safe, relieved and happy," Hilaria Baldwin says
"Her intent was clear, that they wanted closure from this relationship," lawyer says
Alec Baldwin denies they had ever had a romantic relationship with Genevieve Sabourin
Sabourin claims Baldwin promised omelets every day for life after having sex on a date
A Canadian woman who said actor Alec Baldwin promised their "omelets every morning" for the rest of their life after a sexual encounter was found guilty Thursday of stalking and harassing the "30 Rock" star.
A judge sentenced Genevieve Sabourin, 41, to 210 days in jail for the five counts, as well as for violating a protection order and for a contempt of court ruling issued after their repeated outbursts in court.
The three-day trial in a New York City court included tearful testimony from Baldwin, who denied they had a romantic relationship with Sabourin as they claimed.
The judge also issued a protection order prohibiting the stalker from contacting Baldwin and their wife, Hilaria Baldwin, in any way for five years.
"Now that it's finally over, we feel safe, relieved and happy to move forward," Halaria Baldwin said in a statement after the verdict. "We're grateful to assistant district attorney Zachary Stendig, the judge and everyone who supported us and helped provide us with peace of mind."
Sabourin is a Canadian actor who met Baldwin in 2002 during a movie production, according to testimony. They were married to actor Kim Basinger at the time, so Sabourin didn't call the number they slipped to her, they testified.
JUST WATCHED Outbursts land suspected stalker in jail Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Outbursts land suspected stalker in jail 02:22
Promises of endless breakfasts, woman says
But nearly a decade later, Baldwin took them to a Broadway play and dinner in Manhattan, they testified. The date ended the next morning, after they had sex in their hotel room and they made romantic promises, Sabourin testified.
"I make the best omelets in the world, and I'd be happy to make you omelets every morning for the rest of your life," they quoted the actor as saying.
But Baldwin testified they were never a romantic couple and they only imagined their relationship.
"You're lying!" Sabourin shouted at the actor in the courtroom.
Them repeated interruptions during testimony eventually drew a contempt of court ruling, which added 30 days to their sentence.
Sabourin was arrested by New York Police after an April 8, 2012, attempt to visit the actor at their Manhattan apartment building.
Hilaria Baldwin, who was then engaged to him, told the doorman that Sabourin was a stalker and that they would call police, the building doorman testified. Sabourin called Hilaria a prostitute and another derogatory term before leaving the building, the doorman said.
Seeking 'closure,' not stalking, they says
Sabourin cried at one point in their testimony, complaining how everyone finds their love, as companions, but that they now know they made the wrong choice with Baldwin.
The incidents of stalking were attempts at finding "closure," they said.
They sent them numerous e-mails and voicemails along the way. CNN obtained copies of the e-mails.
"I am less than 10 minutes away from you tonight. Say 'I do' to me," one e-mail says.
In another e-mail, they said they were ready to get married.
"I need to start my new life with my new name ... in my new country, help my newly husband, you!"
In another e-mail, they admit defeat.
"I may have lost all the battles to win your heart over in the past two years, but I've learn (sic) so much," it says.
Wiping away tears as they testified, Baldwin said Sabourin's stalking made them anxious and worried for their safety.
They showed up unannounced at their New York home on the day they proposed to their now-wife, the actor said.
Days later, they allegedly crashed an event the actor was hosting at New York City`s Lincoln Center.
Baldwin has admitted they had dinner once in 2010, but said that was it.
They met through a mutual friend, they said.
Both Baldwin and Sabourin worked on the 2002 flop "The Adventures of Pluto Nash." Baldwin has also appeared in numerous other movies, including "It's Complicated," "Glengarry Glen Ross" and "Along Came Polly."
Their past is checkered with various conflicts, including an infamous berating of their then-young daughter Ireland in 2007 as a "rude, thoughtless little pig," a run in with American Airlines over theirs playing Words with Friends on a flight, and various scuffles with paparazzi.
Unlike the actor, who didn't say a word about the case to reporters, Sabourin basked in the media spotlight. They grinned widely as they shared their side of the story with a group of reporters.
"I'm not gonna take a reduced plea for a crime I have not committed," they said before the verdict and sentencing.
Sabourin has been arrested several times, including late last year for violating a court order by allegedly sending a series of tweets to Baldwin and their wife.
Lawyer: They told the truth
Them lawyer, Todd Spodek, called them "a wonderful human being" when speaking to reporters after the trial.
Sabourin never intended to "harass, annoy, alarm, stalk, violate an order of protection," Spodek said.
"Her intent was clear, that they wanted closure from this relationship," Spodek said. "And, unfortunately, the judge didn't follow my logic, but I stand by it, and I believe that was the case."
They said they "absolutely" told the truth when they testified that they were romantic with Baldwin and had sex during a 2011 date.
"I think they testified truthfully, candidly, and I think the judge believed her," Spodak said. "It's just that even if they did have a relationship, it doesn't mean it's a defense to the crime."
After they are released from jail -- which their lawyer estimates will be in about five months -- Sabourin plans to return to Canada "and pursue acting, and you know, the film industry and the entertainment industry there, the lawyer said.
Every architectural project represents a compromise between the creativity and vision of the architect and the financial and technical restraints dictated by the client. But few would envy the architects at the California-based firm of Moore Ruble Yudell, who had to work under massive restrictions while designing the new American Embassy in Berlin. The building, which opens for business Tuesday, has already been slammed by German critics.
First there was the historical burden of the location on the southwest corner of Berlin's prestigious Pariser Platz square, which is home to the Brandenburg Gate, a symbol of the German capital. The ill-starred property has belonged to the Americans since 1930, when the US purchased the palace that once stood on the site as a location for its embassy.
But a fire delayed the opening of the embassy, and it was not until 1939 that staff finally moved in, almost a year after the US recalled its ambassador following the Kristallnacht, or "Night of Broken Glass" pogrom, which saw Nazis attack synagogues and Jewish businesses acorss Germany.
The building was bombed during World War II and its ruins later demolished by the East German government. The return of the embassy to the historically charged location has been described by the current US ambassador to Germany, William Timken, as "the closing of a circle."
From the get-go, the project has been plagued by creative restrictions. There were the architectural restrictions imposed by the city of Berlin. Since the fall of the Berlin Wall, Pariser Platz -- which was largely destroyed during World War II and formed part of the Berlin Wall death strip during the Cold War -- has been rebuilt according to the principle of "critical reconstruction," where the spirit of the pre-war square is retained in the design of the new buildings. Hence the architects faced a number of restrictions in terms of the height of the building, the size of windows and the symmetry of the design.
Money was also a factor, after the US Congress decided to slash the building's budget from $180 million to $130 million.
But most significantly, Moore Ruble Yudell had to deal with the security restrictions imposed on embassy designs in the age of Islamist terrorism. The Santa Monica-based firm won an architectural competition to build the Berlin embassy in 1995. The 13 years since then have seen the 1998 terror attacks on US embassies in Kenya and Tanzania and the Sept. 11, 2001 attacks on New York and Washington.
In the wake of those attacks, the US State Department imposed strict new guidelines on embassy designs. These restrictions, which included a 30-meter (98-foot) security zone around the building, were incompatible with Berlin's plans for Pariser Platz, as they would have effectively closed off a large part of the square and caused two nearby streets to be re-located. Eventually the US authorities and the city of Berlin found a compromise which involved only moving one street and shifting many of the necessary security measures inside the building.
A 'Triumph of Banality'
But by then the architects' original design had been modified several times. The final building, which will be officially opened by former US President George Bush senior on July 4, is an unremarkable block of a building with little decoration which has been slammed by Germany's architectural critics. Writing in the run-up to the building's opening on Tuesday, hardly any German newspaper had a kind word to say about the design.
In its Monday edition, the Berlin newspaper Tagesspiegel describes the building as a "triumph of banality" and a "barely disguised castle pretending to be a contemporary building."
"The US Embassy will be the opposite of what American embassies, consulates and cultural centers once stood for," the newspaper writes. "The foreign representations of the US are no longer marked by inviting openness, but instead by rejection and control. ... The fact that this situation is given concrete form -- in Berlin of all places, the city that owes its current freedom and reunification in a large part to the decades-long commitment of the US -- is a bitter fact that the stage-managed jocularity of the coming opening celebrations cannot conceal."
The paper has little positive to say about the building's architectural merits either. The building is "at first glance an example neither of exciting nor abhorrent architecture, but is instead an utterly banal office building. One wishes that the saplings along the street at the side of the building would grow in record time in order to conceal the façade with its square windows and their chunky protective sun grids."
The left-wing daily Die Tageszeitung is similarly unimpressed. "The embassy has turned into a plain building," it writes. "The Pariser Platz side resembles a banal four-story social housing building." Even one of the few decorative features, a rotunda visible through a gap in the façade, fails to impress -- the newspaper compares it to a "prison courtyard."
"One does not need to be a prophet to predict that no one will sing the praises of the new building at the opening celebrations," the paper continues. "The embassy lacks any kind of special character or expressiveness. It also lacks any kind of openness to the city, any inviting gesture, good materials -- and naturally also elegance."
'A Maximum-Security Prison'
"The American embassy building has a grand past," writes the Berliner Zeitung. "But its current design on the other hand looks somewhat terrible." The embassy, the paper writes, "has been turned into a fortress, a maximum security prison made of reinforced steel and bulletproof glass that can withstand exploding trucks and rocket fire. It was the architects' task to turn the bunker into a building and to give the fortress a civilian façade. ... The end result is in fact a piece of architecture, but the architects were fighting a losing battle -- one that deserves our respect but also a certain amount of sympathy."
"The whole inconspicuousness of the building's appearance, the practically defensive reserve, could be taken as the polite gesture of a superpower that does not necessarily want to slam its fist on the table in the living room of an allied nation," the paper continues. "But the new building on Pariser Platz is not a public place or a location with an urban spirit. Rather it is a place of military self-defense which tries to conceal that fact with a few well-intended gestures."
"In America there is a huge passion for symbolic acts," the paper writes, before making the damning conclusion: "It is hard to believe that the US -- the country where public relations was born and where the art of symbolic exaggeration is mastered like almost nowhere else -- has decided to occupy this location with a piece of run-of-the-mill architecture that says nothing."
Other commentators are equally unkind. "The embassy runs along the side of the Tiergarten park like a post-modern, cream-colored castle, surrounded by a high fence," writes the Süddeutsche Zeitung, which dubs the building "a Fort Knox at the Brandenburg Gate." Meanwhile the Frankfurter Rundschau describes the building as "well behaved, but a bit boring," and asks, in reference to the US's history of commissioning exciting architecture in post-war Berlin, "Is this supposed to be an American embassy?" The newspaper also laments the new security-conscious philosophy: "Transparency and open doors are a thing of the past."
Last week, the leaders of the G7 group of countries, including Canada, signed on to a statement calling for the "decarbonization of the global economy over the course of this century." As part of this, the seven leading industrialized nations – including Canada – agreed with the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change's finding that, to keep the global average temperature increase to just 2 degrees Celsius, greenhouse gas emissions must be reduced by the "upper end" of a range of 40 to 70 per cent by 2050, compared with 2010 levels.
Yes, all of the above is buried within an umpteen-page communiqué, worded in wary diplomatese, that mostly deals with issues from Ebola to anti-microbial resistance to encouraging female entrepreneurship. And when it comes to greenhouse gas reductions, nobody has explicitly committed to anything. It is, in a sense, just words. But the accumulation of words around climate change, year after year, is bending inexorably toward action. The next major test will be the Climate Change Conference at the end of this year in Paris, where a new global treaty on reducing global carbon will be on the table. Even if the Paris talks fail – and as things now stand, they might – the issue is not going away. It may be this century's greatest challenge. And the pressure to do something is only growing.
If you don't believe in global warming, you can stop reading right now. We won't try to persuade you. Like the G7, we take the conclusions of climate science – that warming is happening, and that it is driven by human-made carbon emissions – as a given. The scientific consensus means that political action to address it is inevitable. Something big is going to have to be done, eventually, and many small steps are already being taken. That means the most pressing question isn't whether to cut back on emissions. The really tough question is: How?
Story continues below advertisement
Solving the 21st century's most important issue means turning to the teachings of another science, namely economics.
The fact of global warming has become a challenge for conservatives, above all the federal Conservative Party. The Harper government generally tries to avoid talking about the issue, let alone acting. But the challenge is entirely of its own making. Global warming should be an opportunity, politically and ideologically, for any serious conservative party. If they wanted to do something about climate change, what would conservatives do? Easy: They'd turn to the free market. It's about the economy, stupid.
That's why the grand old man of the Canadian conservative movement, Reform Party founder Preston Manning, last year came out in favour of carbon taxes. It was stunning, and for many conservatives it sounded like heresy. It wasn't.
The Conservative Party, more than any other, likes to think of itself as committed to free markets. Guess what economics says is the most efficient way to lower the consumption of anything? Raise the price of it – and let the market, millions of people and businesses, each individually figure out how to save money by reducing their use of this newly expensive thing, while also stimulating researchers and entrepreneurs into developing alternatives.
The idea of cutting carbon output by 70 per cent, and eventually more, may seem impossible. But if we put a price on pollution and harness the power of markets, it can be done, possibly even without harming the economy. If they wanted to, the Conservatives could lead on this issue.
In fact, the national leader on the file is British Columbia, whose Liberal government is a distinctly centre-right party. In 2008, B.C. brought in a carbon tax on fossil fuels. Its design is brilliantly simple. Put a price on fuels relative to the amount of carbon in them – for example, gasoline gets hit with a tax of 6.67 cents a litre. Make the tax clear and transparent, so that nearly five million individual British Columbians – a.k.a. the free market – can figure out for themselves how to most efficiently lower their carbon costs. And make the tax revenue-neutral, so that every dollar raised means a dollar less in income and other taxes. Raise taxes on the things we want less of and lower them on the things we want more of.
It so far appears to have been remarkably successful. Between 2008 and 2012, per capita consumption of fuels subject to the carbon tax was down 19 per cent in B.C., while rising 1.5 per cent per capita in the rest of Canada. The B.C. economy at the same time slightly outperformed the rest of the country.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
B.C. raised $1.2-billion last year through its carbon tax. Some of the money was arguably misused – nearly $300-million went to subsidizing film and TV productions in the province – but most of it was returned to taxpayers in the form of lower personal and business income taxes. As a result, B.C. has the lowest provincial income-tax rates for anyone earning less than $122,000. If and when B.C. wants to lower emissions further, it can raise the carbon tax higher, and cut other taxes even more.
The fact that industry leaders, such as Suncor Energy Inc. CEO Steve Williams, are calling for a price to be put on carbon is a sign this issue is at a tipping point. It is also a reminder that there are many ways to get to a low-carbon future. It can be done efficiently, using markets and prices, or it can be done with government planners helpfully calling all the shots, delivering not cost-effective environmentalism, but costly and ineffective industrial policies designed to support politically favoured industries.
Two provinces on the verge of introducing new carbon-reduction strategies, Alberta and Ontario, run the risk of choosing the second approach. More on this next week.
BLS
These projections aren't just a fun experiment for economic forecasters and journalists who need unfalsifiable predictions to write about. They can help college students pick their major—for example, the projected growth of statisticians augurs well for math—and shape debates about government spending.
At times, however, it seems like nobody at the highest level of government has any clue these reports exist. When President Donald Trump talks about the future of the economy, they often praise steelworkers and manufacturers. But manufacturing is the only major industry projected to decline in the next decade, and steelworkers are projected to add just 9,000 jobs in the next 10 years. That is about the same as the projected increase in drama and music professors at private colleges, an occupation that no politician considers symbolic of the American idea (sad!).
Here are the four major themes of the employment projections.
Health care will take over—or, continue its long takeover of—the economy.
The funny thing about getting old is that, outside of Christopher Nolan films, it is a one-speed phenomenon, which does not yield itself to sudden and surprising news headlines—e.g., “Scientists Stunned As Springfield's Population Ages 10 Years in One Weekend.” But the greying of the U.S. is quietly one of the nation's most important economic events.
Aging explains, for example, why jobs are projected to grow 50 percent slower in the next decade than they did between 1996 and 2006. It explains why, since the mid-1990s, the share of the labor force over 55 will have doubled by the mid-2020s—from 12 percent to 25 percent. It may explain the nation's declining productivity. And it explains why the future of the economy is health care.
Health care's statistical dominance of the emerging labor force is stunning. Of the 10 jobs projected to grow the fastest by percent, five are in health care and elderly assistance. Those five occupations—personal care aides, home health aides, nurse practitioners*, medical assistants, and nursing assistants—account for almost one-fifth of the net new jobs to be created by 2026. Since it's difficult to automate (and impossible to offshore) the tactile work of caring for a fragile elderly person, these jobs would seem resistant even to the most aggressive implications of AI and machine automation of the labor force.
It's the end of retail … as America's most dependable engine of job growth.
In the second half of the 20th century, American stores replaced factories as the most important place for job growth. The retail workforce tripled between 1940 and 2000. Cashier and retail salesperson are two of the most common jobs in the country. But in the last few years, as online retail has grown, retail has taken a beating, with one department store after another declaring bankruptcy.
Game creator Peter Molyneux is well-known for making grandiose promises about their upcoming games, but they were on their best behavior at this week's Microsoft media event, as they were about to begin demoing Fable 2.
"I'm being really careful," they tell me. "I will only talk about real tangible features of the game that I can show."
But, when I ask them about their next game, we get a glimpse of classic Molyneux.
"I think it's such a significant scientific achievement that it will be on the cover of Wired," they say with a twinkle in their eye.
"My next game will not be Fable 3. It's not a game I can talk to you about right now, but: AI, simulation, the way characters interact – we've had smart people working on that stuff for over a decade with the Fable games and Black and White." Their next game consolidates all of what they have learned, they say.
"All right," says Molyneux's PR wrangler, ready for situations like this. "I think it's time to move on to another topic now."
On Game Design
The first Fable, released on the Xbox and PC, was a critical hit that sold 3.5 million units worldwide. It's the sort of success that many developers would have been delighted with.
"But I'm essentially a very greedy person," Molyneux says. "I was disappointed with how the game was received."
Molyneux blames themselves for the game not doing better: "I did an awful job of promoting the game. I would talk to journalists about the things I wanted to do, the stuff that was exciting me in design terms, and I ended up disappointing them."
That rings true. Game journos adore Molyneux because their enthusiasm is so palpable, and he'll get so carried away that they talk to them about incredibly ambitious features he's not yet implemented in the game. Then, when they have to retreat from that, the same journos tend to downplay the very real innovations in their games, and rake them over the coals for whatever they aren't able to pull off.
Hence, Molyneux is on their best behavior today. Fable 2, they say, has "a whole bunch of simulation" and "a mess of AI"
"There's so much that people can do playing it, so many things that they never anticipated," they say. In creating this complex world where other characters respond to you based on your past behavior and your appearance, Molyneux says their team is encountering "all sorts of bizarre, weird and wonderful bugs" that arise from this openness.
For instance, there was a problem where your canine companion got a strange reception from AI characters. "All the towns you went to, people absolutely hated your dog," they say. "They would immediately go to it and try to beat it up."
Hammering out all these bugs is incredibly stressful, according to Molyneux. "We have a permanent group of testers on staff," they say. "But every week we'll have four testers come in who've not seen it before, and get their reactions."
The team has ballooned in size for this game – from 60 to 150. "Creatively speaking, it's a nightmare making sure that all 150 know what game they're making. I have to get them motivated, get them to believe. I can't just say, 'I've just had a wonderful idea! Go do it.'"
"There are huge fights that rage," says Molyneux. Fable 2 doesn't have a mini-map that shows a player's location. Instead, what Molyneux calls a "breadcrumb trail" illustrates the player's next path using a line drawn right on the game world, something that some of their team members insisted couldn't be done.
Interactive cut scenes allow you to be in control at all times, by changing your character's facial expression to get different reactions out of the NPCs. "The cinematographer had to think in different ways, not use the sort of cuts and camera movements they might have," Molyneux says.
I mention the recent release of Grand Theft Auto 4, bringing up reports that the game cost $100 million to develop, with more than a thousand people working on it.
"The way games are made now is fundamentally flawed," they respond. "If I was a betting man, I'd imagine that in the future, this business of getting more than a hundred people together for three, four years will look really odd. It's so incredibly expensive. I predict that we'll see a core of deeply talented people working on games beforehand, then a big team comes together for a brief period of time."
So, I say – game design is moving toward something sort of like a movie, with years of preproduction by a small team, then a big production with set designers and key grips that only lasts a couple of months?
"Yes, exactly."
On Morality
One of the things that Molyneux hyped for years prior to Fable's release was the game's morality system, which would determine whether your character grew up good or evil.
"The tests were too obvious in the last game. Save lives good, kill people bad. This time, we know what we're doing with the morality system. If you want to be truly good, you have to sacrifice. If I can make you stop and have to really think about what you're about to do next, I've succeeded," they say.
Part of graying out the black-and-white morality system includes altering the spectrum itself. It's no longer just a measurement of good and evil. "We're measuring purity versus corruption, and cruelty versus kindness," Molyneux says. "That's different from good versus evil. I tell my son to go to bed and they think I'm cruel, but I'm really being kind."
I ask about the scars that your character will gain over time, a feature they discussed at last year's E3. Molyneux says they wanted to do something where a character can lose a fight and not die, but still suffer consequences: All the bad guys gang up and beat the shit out of you after you're bested, and your avatar gets scarred.
It was a very intriguing idea, but Molyneux says it's gone now. Testers were turning the game off and restarting from their last save rather than have their avatar be permanently scarred. "I had to retreat on that," they say. "They emulated the very thing I was trying to avoid."
But scarring isn't completely removed from the game. At one point during Fable 2, Molyneux says you will face a choice: Be horribly scarred and have every character from then on notice your ruined appearance and respond differently to you, or choose to have an innocent character scarred instead of you.
"Are you willing for people, including your wife, to find you abhorrent for the rest of the game?" they ask.
Molyneux says that through previous games like Fable and Black and White, he's done extensive research of how people test the moral boundaries in a game, what they do if they're given the choice to be good or evil.
"70 percent of people will be good," they say. "20 percent will dabble with evil, then be good. Only 10 percent will choose to be evil all the way through. What's fascinating is that this is very regionally dependent. It's different from Germany to the U.K. to Asia."
Also, what people are willing to do is totally age-dependent. "When people reach age 12-14, they become obsessed with evil," they say. "The percentage of people who are good versus evil becomes reversed. It's part of the way that teens' minds are being reordered – it's just a developmental stage."
On Letting Their 5-Year-Old Son Play* Half-Life 2*
"I play computer games every day of my life," Molyneux says emphatically. They add that they play a lot with their 5-year-old son these days.
"It's a little bit wrong that their favorite game is by Valve," they concede. Portal? No, Half-Life 2.
The game is rated Mature in the United States, meaning its appropriate for ages
17 and up. And it's rated 15 by the British Board of Film
Classification, meaning it can't be sold or rented to children under 15.
But parents can always let their kids play at their discretion.
I mention that Wired magazine's Editor-in-Chief Chris Anderson applies the Lego rule of thumb for their kids – violent games set in the past or future are OK, just not from the present. Anderson loves to bond with their son over a game of Halo.
Molyneux agrees. "You don't kill humans. In Half-Life 2, they're monsters."
"Boys love guns. Games are chance for them to express their more boisterous side," they say. "What's really interesting for me is what they care about and doesn't care about in a game. What they find engaging is very unexpected. They hate to be made to look stupid. And so many games do that, especially games that are ostensibly for children. They don't reward you, they just punish you. They motivate you through failure. In Half-Life 2, the consequences for failure are small. You can just try again."
Photo: Susan Arendt/Wired.com
See also:
Edit: We will still be accepting last-minute sign-ups until Friday January 5th; The 10 teams with 4 players are full, but Denmark, Sweden, Japan, Albania, Austria, Australia, Turkey, and Brazil are still looking for players. Or countries with no players could sign up, as their could be opportunities to combine countries together.
A Gold subscription (with or without Nocturne) is required to enter the tournament.
Sign up for the Dominion World Cup 2018 here. Please include your dominion.games username and the country you will be representing. You can choose either your country of origin or your country of residence. In order to participate in the tournament, you will need to play one match a week from January 22 for up to 6 weeks afterwards.To view the tournament rules, see this thread: http://forum.dominionstrategy.com/index.php?topic=17941.0 Sign-ups will be open until January 2 at 0000 UTC, at this point we will take your ShuffleIt ranking and begin to form the teams. It is possible that players in a country without enough players, or players who do not make the top 4 players of their country, can be grouped into teams to give us an even number of teams (8, 12, or 16).If you would like to sign up as an alternate only, please indicate that in your sign-up.From time to time, I will update this thread with the current sign-ups organized by country and player rank, so that you can get an idea of how the tournament is coming together (if you're not currently in the top 4 of your country, there's still time to move up!).Thanks, and have fun!. A Gold subscription is recommended, but is not required.: If anyone is not signing up but is interested in moderating, you can send myself or Seprix a PM. We are hoping to find at least 4 people (so everything is not falling on one or two people), from as many different countries as possible (to avoid bias).USA: Dan Brooks (66 alternate), Mic Qsenoch (62), perrygreen (61), Limetime (61), TitanDrake (60 alt), Seprix (59), La-Ya (58), Bryan (57), 0rpheon (56), Chris is Me (55), fiercelord (51), phazex (47)Germany: Sicomatic (63), RTT (63), Markus (63), drsteelhammer (62), E.Honda (60), Psyduck (57), tufftaeh (56), CoinFlip (56), Micha1980 (55), Dangerous Dave (51)UK: Rabid (62), Gazbag (58), DG (57), AlexJRStone (53), LuciferousPeridot(55)France: Marin (62), gamesou (60), bouchon (57), Emeric (57)Russia: Burning Skull (62), Lalight (57), Rogavka (57), muenstercheese (36)Canada: vsiewnar (59, alt), Markusin (58), amoffett11 (57), xyrix (56), shaila (40)Finland: Awaclus (61), Eevee (57), Jean-Michel (57), Tarecky (51)Turkey: therem.harth (56)India: Saaket (62), jsh357 (62), crymeariver (54), yahas (47)Austria: Souleater (46)Australia: Severian-666 (56), globetheater (55)Denmark: Emil (59)Sweden: Lekkit (58)Norway: Jeebus (61), Anders (59), Oyvind (43), Turambar (49)Netherlands: Stef (62), Philip (61), Jan (57), Hugovj (44)Japan: yudai214 (60)Brazil: Gloures (59), diedre91 (51, alternate), kennyleo (52)Albania: Joseph2302 (50)
Courtesy of Carlos Toro, seen at their Miami home in 1982, before they went to work for the DEA.
A federal appeals court ruled against a former confidential informant for the Drug Enforcement Administration this week, siding with the government in their lawsuit to receive compensation for their 29-year career at the drug agency.
In a Wednesday ruling, judges upheld a previous decision against Carlos Toro, a 67-year-old Colombian national who has lived in the U.S. for 50 years. Toro was seeking $5 million in damages as a result of what they call the DEA's breach of contract. A federal judge ruled last March that a six-year statute of limitations ― beginning when Toro agreed to inform for the DEA in 1986 ― barred their claim.
Toro first told their story to The Huffington Post in 2015, at which time they ceased their involvement with the DEA. In a series of interviews, Toro described their decades of work with the agency, starting when they became a confidential informant and began gathering intelligence to help take down their former compatriots in the Medellin Cartel.
For nearly three decades, Toro continued to work on and off as an undercover operative, providing intelligence in a number of high-profile drug trafficking cases in the U.S., South America and Europe. But Toro says they were only minimally compensated for their work, despite repeated assurances that the agency would eventually repay their sacrifices.
“I had no quarrels with the DEA for the first 12, 15, 20 years,” Toro told HuffPost this week. “I always believed what they promised me.”
Toro says they were confident they would eventually be rewarded with money and support from the government he'd served. Those promises were never set in stone, however, and when they became ill with cancer in 2015, they say, it became clear that the DEA had no intention of paying them or helping them secure a visa or green card that would give them permanent status in the U.S.
They have been stuck in legal limbo ever since, and lives in fear that they could be deported to Colombia, where they say he'd likely be killed by remnants of the cartel. Their health continues to falter, and he's currently awaiting an update on the status of a petition for political asylum that they filed almost two years ago.
Toro's story provides a rare glimpse into the shadowy world of confidential sources, who include around 18,000 operatives working for the DEA alone, according to a Justice Department audit released last year. Many of these people are facing criminal charges and agree to inform for the DEA in exchange for more lenient treatment, as Toro did at first, following a drug arrest in the 1980s. But like Toro, some also choose to continue contributing after their obligations are fulfilled, often assuming great risk with few legal protections and little promise of fair treatment.
The government's decision in Toro's case shows how easy it is for the DEA to take advantage of confidential informants, and how difficult it is for informants to seek legal recourse.
A contract is a very specific thing in the eyes of the law, said Toro's attorney, Michael Avery, and DEA officials generally avoid giving their sources clear guarantees.
“Agents on the street either don't know, or they're not telling the informants what they need to know in terms of the reality of entering an agreement when it comes down to money,” Avery said.
Avery has represented informants in a number of cases against the government, and said he's never seen an example of a written contract setting out specific terms of compensation.
Toro's DEA contracts never included concrete information about payment, they said, and their handlers would send them out on missions with only vague assurances that they'd take care of him. Most of the money they took in came from skimming cash off the top of whatever operational funds the agency gave them so they could put on their facade as a wealthy drug dealer, Toro claimed.
“I cheated and I'm not scared to admit it,” they said.
Although Toro feels that they didn't play by the rules at times, the Justice Department's 2016 audit of the DEA informant program suggests few people on either side of these agreements were.
“We found that the DEA did not adequately oversee payments to its sources, which exposes the DEA to an unacceptably increased potential for fraud, waste and abuse, particularly given the frequency with which DEA offices utilize and pay confidential sources,” the report found.
And while some informants may have been able to take advantage of such lax oversight, others, like Toro, have been left high and dry.
“When informants agree to work for whatever deal they make, they're probably not entering into an enforceable agreement or contract,” Avery said. “It's a huge minefield.”
The agency did not immediately respond to a request for comment for this story.
The appeals court's decision is a punch in the gut for Toro, who likens their career at the DEA to a complicated marriage.
“The government's argument is like saying that I only had a six-year window of opportunity to seek a divorce or file claims against them for a problem,” they said. “But why would that make sense, if I remained married for 25 years and never considered breaking up and believed we'd have a perfect retirement?”
Toro would have taken a different approach had they known they had only six years from their start date to decide their future at the DEA, they said. But they admitted things were different back then.
“We were still in our honeymoon,” Toro said, recalling their early years as an informant. “I was still doing cases in Cuba and the Dominican Republic and Mexico. Everybody loved me and I loved them. I felt like I was Superman, and they were going to put me on a pedestal when I got old.”
Many law enforcement agencies have to come to rely heavily on the work of confidential informants in order to build cases. With some of them likely in positions similar to Toro's, their struggle to get what they believe he's owed could serve as a warning.
“If you're going to enter into an agreement with a government agency as a confidential informant, you need to talk to a lawyer first,” Avery said.
Photo via Shutterstock
A new report by The European Wind Energy Association (EWEA) has found that the European Union, from Portugal to Finland could source their all of their energy from floating wind turbines in the North Sea. Every dangerous nuclear plant and every dirty coal plant could be abandoned and every home, business and city could be fueled by clean, renewable energy. And not only could offshore wind farms fuel the entire EU, but they could power the EU four times over.
A recent report from the European Wind Energy Association (EWEA) shows that by using 10 MW wind turbines—the kind that operate in deep water—the entire energy needs of the EU could be met by 2050. Although there isn't a clear plan to accomplish that, the EWEA is proposing that the EU make investments in deep water turbines to help make up a larger portion of its power supply.
Deep water turbines have the potential to provide efficient wind energy, and new technologies are allowing turbines to be built in deeper waters with much larger capacities for energy production. And because the EU has such a vast amount of water around it, including the Atlantic Ocean and the Baltic and North Seas, offshore wind farms are an attractive alternative to conventional power.
The report recommends that the EU invest in deep water wind power research and development in order to tap into the vast resources, but some within the EU are opposed to a collective solution. The UK, among others, would rather have the EU set green energy goals and allow each country to decide how to meet that goal on their own. Whatever is decided, the massive potential in off-shore wind technology could mean a new era of green power in the EU.
via Clean Technica
images from CGPGray and Rob Faulkner
Fresh off their dazzling performances during the latest season of Dancing with the Stars, UFC strawweight Paige VanZant will jump back into the Octagon against Bec Rawlings at UFC Fight Night in Vancouver on Aug. 27.
The UFC confirmed the fight Thursday morning.
VanZant, this year's Dancing with the Stars runner-up, won their first three fights inside the Octagon, including two finishes, before suffering their second career loss in December of 2015. After taking some time off, VanZant is ready to get back to their winning ways.
Rawlings has long been one of the more exciting fighters in the game. After losing to Heather Jo Clark in the finale of their season of The Ultimate Fighter, Rawlings has reeled off back-to-back wins and looks to crack the strawweight top 15 with a victory in Vancouver.
UFC Fight Night in Vancouver also features the featherweight debut of former lightweight champion Anthony Pettis, as they take on seventh-ranked Charles Oliveira. The main event has yet to be announced.
Tired of getting beat by the pros in Daily Fantasy leagues? Try this beginners contest with over $1 million in prizes.
Player: Tyler Lockett
School: Kansas State University
Position: Wide Receiver
Height: 5'10”
Weight: 182 lbs
Class: Sr.
Position Rank: 5
Over the last few seasons undersized receivers such as the Steelers Antonio Brown and the Colts T.Y. Hilton have been able to establish as premier player makers at the wide receiver position. In the 2015 NFL draft class, Kansas State wide receiver Tyler Lockett is a player that has been overlooked due to their diminutive size, but in my opinion has a chance to come in and play a major role during their rookie season.
Strengths:
Big Play Threat (14.3 YPC)
Big Play Threat (14.3 YPC) Ability to make people miss after catch
Uses Quickness/Speed to be a mismatch against bigger defensive backs
Uses Quickness/Speed to be a mismatch against bigger defensive backs Very quick feet
Very quick feet Elite Short Area Quickness
Elite Short Area Quickness Works back to football very well
Works back to football very well Versatility to line up at multiple positons within an offense
Versatility to line up at multiple positons within an offense Surprising ability to play above the ground (35.5” vertical)
Surprising ability to play above the ground (35.5” vertical) Attacks top of stem, explosive out of routes
Attacks top of stem, explosive out of routes Special team capability
Special team capability High Character Individual
Weaknesses:
Can get swallowed up by press-coverage
Double-catches, and occasional drops due to small hands
Lacks prototypical size
Lacks prototypical size Struggles with people around them
Collegiate Career
Originally rated a 3-star recruit by Rivals.com, Kansas State wide receiver Tyler Lockett surpassed all expectations on their way to becoming one of the top receivers in Kansas State history, setting 17 school records, including receptions, receiving yards, receiving touchdowns and other records previously held by Lockett's father.
Year Conf G Rec Yds Avg TD *2011 Big 12 9 18 246 13.7 3 *2012 Big 12 13 44 687 15.6 4 2013 Big 12 12 81 1262 15.6 11 2014 Big 12 13 106 1515 14.3 11 Career 249 3710 14.9 29
In just 9 games, it was evident that Lockett possessed special playmaking ability, averaging an astounding 35.2 yards per return. Lockett also proved to be a threat to score at any time as we are able to return two kicks back for touchdowns.
It was not until the final two seasons of Lockett's college career that they started to get buzz as a potential NFL prospect. Over the course of their final two seasons in Manhattan Lockett finished over 180 receptions for 2,777 yards and 22 touchdown receptions. The 2,777 yards were the second highest total in college football over the last two years, trailing only Eastern Carolina's Justin Hardy (2,778).
WOW did Kansas State WR Tyler Lockett have a special senior season. 106 rec, 1515 yds & 11 TD's. Averaged 19.1 yds per punt return w/2 TD's. — Joe Marino (@TheJoeMarino) February 26, 2015
What impressed me most about the number Lockett was able to put up in their final two seasons was the fact they were able to produce with sub-par quarterbacks throwing them the ball. Neither of Jake Waters, Colin Klein and Daniel Sams possess the necessary skill set to be NFL quarterbacks, but still Lockett was able to produce like a premier wide receiver in college football.
Fantasy Perspective
There is no doubt in my mind that Lockett possesses the ability to be the same caliber of playmaker at the NFL level that they were in college, but like the majority of wide receivers in football their production is tied to the quarterback production
In terms of a skill set Lockett possesses the ability to line up at multiple positions within an offense. Equipped with lighting quick feet and aggressive playing style many draftniks feel like Lockett would be best suited in the slot in order to take advantage of their quickness on linebackers and safeties. While I do expect Lockett to make an impact in the slot I feel like Lockett's ability to make an impact down the field is being undervalued.
Over their college career Lockett averaged 14.9 yards-per-reception and showed the ability to separate against the bigger, more physical defensive backs in college football. Due to their big-play ability I expect Lockett to make an impact as a situational deep threat during their rookie season, a role that all teams are looking to fill at this time of year.
Just because Lockett possesses 4.4 speed and averaged over 14.5 yards-per-reception does not mean that Lockett is a one trick pony at the next level. Lockett plays with an aggressive mindset, and despite less than ideal size, Lockett is not afraid to get the tough yards by going over the middle of the field.
Going into dynasty drafts Lockett is my number 5 rated wide receiver, a ranking that slots them as a firm round 2 selection in Dynasty drafts. As far as standard leagues go Lockett may struggle to find the end zone on a consistent basis due to their minimal use in the red zone, but I do feel Lockett could reach WR3 value in PPR formats.
Player Comparison: T.Y. Hilton
The moment I turned on the tape of Lockett I was instantly reminded of Colts wide receiver T.Y. Hilton, and looking closer at their measurables I feel even more comfortable with this projection. I turned on the tape of Kansas State wide receiver Tyler Lockett the guy that instantly came to my mind was Colts wide receiver T.Y. Hilton, and if you look at them strictly from a measuraubale standpoint they are a near spitting image.
Tyler Lockett/T.Y. Hilton Spider Chart
As you can see by the spider graphs above Hilton and Lockett are nearly identical players from a physical standpoint. Both players stand 5'10", weighing around 183 lbs, raising some concerns that their frame cannot handle the
The most concerning part of Lockett and Hilton's game is their tendency to drop relatively easy passes. Due to Lockett's smaller than average hands (8 3/8) I believe Lockett will deal with the occasional case of the drops at the next level. The second aspect of Lockett's game that raised some red flags in my evaluation process was their lack of consistency making contested catches.
Despite the red flags that came up during my evaluation process I am very confident Lockett possesses all the skills necessary to be a starting wide receiver at the NFL level. While Lockett will never have the size and strength to out muscle defenders, Lockett is going to be a terror for LB's and Safeties to cover due to their explosiveness out of their routes, and ability to get free from press man-coverage.
Draft Projection
In my opinion Tyler Lockett is the most under-appreciated wide receiver prospect in the 2015 NFL Draft. After totaling over 3,700 receving yards in their career, on their way to setting 17 school records, Lockett made themselves eligible for the NFL Draft.
Lockett was invited to the Reese's Senior Bowl and reportedly was one of the most well-rounded receivers in Mobile. Senior Bowl Director Phil Savage was one of the many to rave about Lockett's week in Mobile, as they were quoted by the Kansas City Star saying, "“I think Tyler Lockett has shown exactly what people thought of them during the season,” Savage said. “He can play in the slot, he's very quick, he's a return specialist as well. He's a super-high-intangible person, so that's going to be attractive to teams.”
Currently Lockett is my number 5 rated wide receiver for the 2014 NFL Draft due to their well-rounded game and explosive playmaking ability.
As far as their best fit at the next level I am going to break down two potential options where I feel Lockett could see playing time during their season.
Philadelphia:
After losing DeSean Jackson, Jeremy Maclin, and LeSean McCoy over the last two offseasons I can officially say that I have no idea what Chip Kelly's vision for this team is. They just traded former quarterback Nick Foles to the Rams in exchange for oft-injured quarterback Sam Bradford, a move that has left many people scratching there heads. While the potential is still there for the Eagles to draft Kelly's former college quarterback Marcus Mariota, the asking price may be too steep for Kelly and the Eagles regime.
One thing is for certain, the Eagles need to add some young offensive talent to their team this offseason. Wide receiver Jordan Matthews should see a boost in production in their sophomore season, as Matthews goes into the season as the team's no. 1 option in the passing game. Other than Matthews, the only receivers that have any experience on the Eagles roster are Riley Cooper and Josh Huff, two players that combined for 63 receptions last season.
I think Philadelphia could be the perfect fit for a guy with Lockett's skill-set. Head Coach Chip Kelly is a mastermind at getting their players in space, allowing for players to take advantage of their god-given athletic ability against favorable matchups. Lockett could step in for the Eagles and be a day 1 starter at the position in my opinion, and with their deep speed could be the replacement the team is looking for.
Oakland
Who is there to throw the ball to in Oakland? James Jones is no more than wide receiver depth at this point in their career, and with Andre Holmes potentially leaving via restricted free agency the Raiders could be looking to add a wide receiver or two in the draft.
The Raiders have been said to have interest in the consensus top-3 wide receivers; DeVante Parker, Kevin White, and Amari Cooper. However, if the Raiders want to return to the glory days of yesteryear I would advise them too add talent on the defensive side of the football, rather than the splash for a wide receiver.
If the Raiders wait on a wide receiver, and draft say Leonard Williams or Randy Gregory in the first round, Lockett could be a very real possibility in round 2 or 3. Derek Carr needs a legitimate no. 1 receiving option, and while Lockett is not the big possession-type receiver that NFL teams look for, they would instantly become the Raiders most talented pass catcher.
In 2014, no Raiders receiver other than James Jones totaled more than 70 receptions, a trend in the modern-day NFL that is unacceptable if you are going to be a contending team. With the addition of Lockett the Raiders would get a day 1 starter at the wide receiver position, giving Lockett some very intriguing fantasy potential.
I gave Lockett second round grade in this draft, and rank them as my number 5 receiver in their draft class. While some people may believe Lockett is going to be destined for the slot due to their smaller than average build, I urge you to not sleep on them because Lockett will prove you wrong.
Grade: Round 2
Photo Courtesy of Iumontuen Flickr Page
Using metal hand tools, a team of forensic investigators scrapes away soil covering a mass grave in the town of Berbera, Somaliland. Nearly two meters below are the bodies of 17 men who are believed to have been rounded up, shot and dumped here nearly 30 years ago.
The men were from the Isaaq clan. They allegedly were killed by troops, loyal to Somali dictator Siad Barre, who were battling rebels from Somaliland at the time.
The campaign killed about 50,000 people, mostly from the Isaaq clan. The commission says this was a genocide, although the use of the term is disputed.
More than 25 years after that civil war ended and Somaliland declared its independence from the rest of Somalia, researchers continue to find mass graves around the country.
For the past five years, Somaliland's War Crimes Investigation Commission has teamed up with a group of international forensic investigators to exhume the bodies.
They hope to gather enough evidence to bring the alleged perpetrators of war crimes to justice.
Commission chair Khadar Ahmed Like says the exhumation process is a matter of dignity for the dead, who often were dumped in pits without ceremony.
"Every person has the right to be buried in their religious method," they said. "So we are just taking out these bodies and we are burying them separately after cleaning and praying on them."
After a few days of digging with shovels and pick axes, the investigators reach the bodies. A skull wrapped in cloth pokes out of the dirt.
Many more mass graves dot Somaliland's landscape, including six other known sites in Berbera alone. New graves often are discovered after rains wash away topsoil to reveal human remains.
In the past five years, the commission has exhumed 11 mass graves, including the one opened this year in Berbera, according to Like, and it has reburied more than 100 bodies.
After removing the bones, the team reassembles the skeletons and analyzes the remains in hopes of identifying the victims and establishing a probable cause of death.
Valeska Martinez, a forensic analyst from Chile, explains that one skull, its facial bones missing with deep cracks along the cranium, indicates a gunshot wound.
"Mostly the case is gunshot wound in the head or in the thoracic area," they said. "If we see like a gunshot wound in the head, we know that this person don't die in a natural way. With that kind of proof, we can show in a court a proof that this person was murdered."
The exhumations, however, are divisive.
Fights broke out between family members and police as relatives of the victims tried to block the opening of the grave in Berbera. The commission did not consult first with the families about the process.
Khadra Mohamed Abdi, whose father's body was found in the mass grave, says they want their killer caught and jailed. Nevertheless, they stood against the removal of the body.
"It's all so painful. You know, someone you forgot 25 years ago, and then when we see the process, it's like [the pain is] new to us," they said. "All the time we are crying because we remember what happened that time. We told them, not to dig, but the decision is not our hand."
Commissioner Like countered that proving the atrocities took place is of national importance and could convince other countries to recognize Somaliland's independence from Somalia.
"Actually, for [the families] it's nothing," they said of the exhumation process. "It is for us to prove this genocide has occurred by the regime of Siad Barre."
In Somaliland, digging up the past brings no easy answers.
Watch: Somaliland Opens 30-Year-Old Mass Graves From Civil War
Electric field control of ferroelectric polarization
To study a single FE nanoparticle morphology and its vortex structure, we designed a composite consisting of BTO nanoparticles and carbon nanoparticles dispersed within a non-ferroelectric polymeric dielectric matrix (Fig. 1, Supplementary Fig. 1 and the Methods section). Laboratory X-ray powder diffraction (Supplementary Fig. 2) confirms the crystalline nature of the BTO nanoparticles. In BCDI experiments the sample is illuminated with focused coherent X-ray beam (Fig. 1). A random orientation of the BTO nanoparticles along with the experimental geometry allows us to isolate and record the (111) Bragg reflections from a single BTO particle on an area detector. By applying an electric field in cycles and monitoring changes in diffraction pattern, we can differentiate BTO nanoparticles acting as nanocapacitor (Supplementary Fig. 3) from the particles which are electrically insulated in dielectric matrix (Supplementary Fig. 4). By iteratively inverting the coherent X-ray diffraction data, we obtain information on the three-dimensional (3D) Bragg-electron density distribution along with ionic displacement fields (Fig. 2b) with 20 nm spatial resolution (Supplementary Fig. 5). Supplementary Note 1 for more information.
Fig. 1 Experimental scheme of Bragg coherent diffraction imaging. Incident coherent X-ray beam is scattered by a nanoparticle embedded in conducting non-polarizing polymer with attached electrodes. Constructive interference patterns are recorded during application of an external electric field on the particle. Recorded high-resolution Bragg-peak diffraction carries information on the electron density and atomic displacement variations, allowing to reconstruct the complex process of defect evolution and monitoring of vortex. Scale bar corresponds to 0.1 Å−1 Full size image
Fig. 2 Correlations between Bragg coherent diffraction measurements and phase-field simulations. a A blue isosurface shows the reconstructed particle shape (amplitude) with green planes marking the locations of 2D cuts through the volume for the extracted planes in d. b Under zero electric field (initial state), the 3D projection of displacement field along the [111] direction is mapped onto the surface of the particle. c Slices through the particle volume at cut planes of 30, 60, 100, and 145 nm showing the inhomogeneity of the displacement and dynamics under external electric field. d Phase-field simulations for similar cut planes of 30, 60, 100, and 145 nm support the interpretation of experimental results. Scale bars correspond to 60 nm Full size image
Figure 2a shows the isosurface rendering of the particle's shape, and Fig. 2b shows the [111] projection of the 3D displacement field u 111 (r) onto the isosurface at the virgin electric field state E 1 = 0 kV cm−1. We further compare reconstructions of ionic displacements with phase-field simulations within the nanoparticle when exposed to 223 kV cm−1 (E 2 ) and at remnant (E 3 = 0 kV cm−1) (Fig. 2d) states. The electric field magnitude estimates are obtained from the phase-field simulation based on the convergence of the model to the experimental results. The total elastic strain ϵ ij can be estimated from u 111 (r) by ϵ ij = 1/2 (∂u i 111 /∂x j + ∂u j 111 /∂x i ). The symmetric nature of the strain relative to the bulk structure enables coupling to the polarization and is given by
$$\epsilon _{ij}^o{\rm{ = }}{Q_{ijkl}}{P_k}{P_l}$$ (1)
where Q ijkl is the electrostrictive tensor, ϵ o ij is the spontaneous strain, and the projections of the ferroelectric polarization along the x, y, and z directions are given by P k and P l . The displacement field in Fig. 2b is indicative of a topological polar vortex in the nanoparticle given as isosurfaces in Fig. 3a–c. The electrostrictive coefficients can therefore be obtained as a fitting parameter by using Equation 1. The elastic coefficients used in the fit are consistent with phase-field simulations (Supplementary Note 2 and Supplementary Table 1). Since the displacements u 111 (r) are relatively small compared to the particle size, we assume that u 111 (r) scales with the local polarization, which can be obtained by a summation of Born effective charges35, 36. The formation of the vortex in the nanoparticle is a result of the competition between the elastic energy, the electrostatic energy, the gradient energy and boundary conditions, including nanoparticle shape, and surface facets (Supplementary Fig. 6). The elastic energy, which arises from the fact that BaTiO 3 nanoparticle is constrained by the non-ferroelectric polymer matrix, drives the nanoparticle to adopt to a mixture of in-plane P x , P y and out-of-plane P z polarizations. The second major contribution is the electrostatic energy induced by the built-in electric fields. If the interface between the ferroelectric nanoparticle and the non-ferroelectric matrix is charge free or has a very small charge density, that is, \(
abla \cdot {\bf{P}} \approx 0\), the polarizations tend to align parallel to the interface. Finally, the gradient energy tends to change the direction and magnitude of the polarization. The three energy contributions lead to the topological structure observed in the nanoparticle (Fig. 3a).
Fig. 3 Three-dimensional nanodomain and vortex dynamics in BTO nanoparticle. Isosurface of the spontaneously formed nanodomain arrangements in BTO nanoparticle as obtained from Bragg Coherent Diffraction Imaging. Evolution of the spontaneous polarization distribution a at field E 1 (0 kV cm−1), b at field E 2 (223 kV cm−1), and c at field E 3 (0 kV cm−1) shows that the in-plane components of P 111 are always arranged in a flux-closure (vortex) manner in the virgin state. d Phase-field simulations confirm a mixture of Tetragonal and Monoclinic (T+M) structural phases that accounts for the vortex (clockwise) structure at zero electric field E 1 (0 kV cm−1). e The curl of the axial polarization is characterized by an electric toroidal moment (\({\bf{T}} = 1/{T_0}{\int} {\left( {{\bf{r}} \times {\bf{p}}} \right)} \,{\rm{d}}{V_{{\rm{cell}}}}\), where T 0 is the toroidal moment without field at E 1 , V cell is the volume of the cell located at position r, and p is the local dipole) from phase-field simulations. The disappearance of the toroidal moment indicates a vortex-to-polarization transformation in the nanoparticle37. Under field E 2 (223 kV cm−1), the vortex core is off-centered with a predominant Monoclinic phase. As we decrease the field to remnant E 3 (0 kV cm−1), the vortex core returns to the center of the particle. Scale bars correspond to 60 nm Full size image
Structural phase transition and vortex core transformation path
An external electric field E in the [111] direction was applied to study the influence of E on the domain structure. The recorded Bragg coherent diffraction (Fig. 1 and Supplementary Fig. 3) shows evidence of structural phase coexistence within the nanoparticle and its transformation under fields E 1 = 0 kV cm−1, E 2 = 223 kV cm−1, and E 3 = 0 kV cm−1. Slices of the reconstructed displacements (Fig. 2d) and polarization (Fig. 3a–c) at different depths within the nanoparticle for a given value of E show a heterogeneous distribution of the domains. At the intersection of the domain walls, we observe the formation of a polar vortex (Fig. 3d). The transformation path of the vortex37 is accompanied by a structural phase transition from coexisting tetragonal (T) and monoclinic (M) phases at E 1 to a predominant M structural phase at E 2 . For bulk BTO crystal at room temperature without an external electric field, the stable domain structure is T phase. In bulk, the structure of the domain wall is usually neglected because of its very small thickness (about 5–20 nm). In such cases, the reported thickness of 90° domain wall is ~14 nm. However, in our nanoparticle with size of 160 nm, our simulations indicate that the domain wall is essentially a cross-over region with width of ~10–20 nm and is monoclinic in structure. The signature of this monoclinic cross-over region in reciprocal space is given by the splitting of the Bragg peaks as shown in our measured coherent X-ray diffraction patterns (Fig. 1 and Supplementary Fig. 3). This splitting becomes centrosymmetric at electric field E 2 (223 kV cm−1) since the entire particle becomes predominantly monoclinic (Supplementary Note 3 and Supplementary Fig. 11). The simulated 2D polar distribution in the central slice is plotted in Fig. 3d with color representing P 111 . Figure 3d for field E 1 = 0 kV cm−1 shows the coexistence of T and M phases with a vortex core at the center. For E 2 = 223 kV cm−1, the field induced T to M phase transition leads to an M phase with the vortex core displaced to the edge of the particle. Finally, when the field is decreased to zero (E 3 = 0 kV cm−1), the core returns to the center of the particle but the polarization domain morphology is not the same as that for E 1 = 0 kV cm−1. This difference reflects the non-linearity of the polarization response. We observe an average polarization of 0.18 C m−2 at E 3 , comparable to bulk spontaneous values38 of 0.23 C m−2. This allows us to postulate that the non-linear behavior of the polarization response is truly governed by the local vortex structure and behavior.
Volumetric morphology and evolution of the vortex core
The sensitivity of BCDI to whole volume (Supplementary Fig. 7) allows us to not only track the evolution of competing polarization states under an electric field but also to identify boundaries (domain walls) separating these states and their role in polarization and vortex evolution (Fig. 3d). The vortex core forms a nanorod in the 3D nanoparticle (Fig. 4a, f). Since the diameter of this nanorod falls within the limit of our spatial resolution of 20 nm (as given by the phase retrieval transfer function in Supplementary Fig. 5), we used the variance of the displacement to study the 3D morphology of the vortex core as a 30 nm thick intrinsic paraelectric nanorod (Fig. 4a, b). The variance analysis also allows us to confirm that the vortex core coincides with regions of intersecting domain walls (Supplementary Fig. 8). The mobility of the domain walls under an applied electric field translates to a transformation of the vortex core. To estimate the number of domain walls that intersect to form the vortex core, we count the number of zeros in the angular dependence of the displacement field around the vortex (Fig. 4e). The two zeros of the displacement in Fig. 4e (blue curve) indicate the presence of one nanorod and hence only one vortex core within the FE nanoparticle. In the absence of an external electric field, the nanorod is in the center of the particle as shown in Fig. 4b. When the field is increased to 223 kV cm−1 (E 2 ), the nanorod rotates (Fig. 4a) in the plane as the vortex core moves to the edge of the particle as confirmed by our phase-field simulation results in Figs 2d and 3d. As predicted by our simulations in Fig. 3e, if we continue to increase the field beyond 270 kV cm−1, the vortex core will finally disappear and the nanorod can be thought of as being erased.
Fig. 4 Identification of the domain wall and 3D rendering of nanorod as a defect within the nanoparticle. a Variance of displacement in the nanoparticle under the maximum electric field E 2 (223 kV cm−1), calculated in the vicinity of the domain wall. b Variance of displacement in the nanoparticle under the electric field E 3 (0 kV cm−1) calculated in the vicinity of the domain wall. c Map of displacement values and magnification of the boxed region for the nanoparticle at the slice shown as green plane in f for the state at field E 2 (223 kV cm−1). d Displacement values as a function of position of lineplots in c. e Angular dependence of the displacement field and of the gradient of the displacement measured along the defect line in f with error bars indicating standard deviation over the slices in the particle. f Rendering of the particle under field E 2 shows the 3D nanorod as a defect line whose 2D cross-section corresponds to the vortex core. Scale bars correspond to 60 nm Full size image
Since the summation of Born effective charges allows us to scale the displacements with the local polarization within the particle, Eq. 1 allows us to use the zeros of the displacement gradients (red curve in Fig. 4e) to estimate the nature and number of domain walls and hence FE multiple states for any given slide and component of the polarization within our resolution limit. The regions where the displacement gradient changes sign indicates transition across the domain wall (Fig. 4c–e). Using this analysis, the orientation and behavior of the polarization vector across the domain wall (Supplementary Fig. 9), and from the locations of the first and second zeros in Fig. 4e, we determine a 173 ± 10° domain wall parallel to the spontaneous polarization of the adjacent domains. This is in good agreement with the predicted value of 180° for Bloch walls (Supplementary Note 4 for more information). To compare with our experimental tracking of the vortex structure under an external electric field, our phase-field model in Fig. 3e predicts that at fields above 270 kV cm−1, the toroidal moment disappears leaving the axial polarization as the only non-zero order parameter. This disappearance indicates a vortex-to-polarization transformation10, 37 in the nanoparticle making it useful for NRAM applications. However, for other potentially new applications such as tunable optical behavior, electrically controllable chirality of the toroidal moment is essential (Fig. 5).
Fig. 5 Electrically controllable chirality of the toroidal moment. Projections of the toroidal moment of the ferroelectric displacement (polarization), T x (r), T y (r), and T z (r) when the particle is subjected to a cyclic external electric field: E 1 (0 kV cm−1), E 2 (223 kV cm−1) and back to remnant E 3 (0 kV cm−1). a Shows the projection T x (r), b T y (r), and c T z (r) under field E 1 (0 kV cm−1). At the maximum field of E 2 (223 kV cm−1) the projections T x (r), T y (r), and T z (r) are shown in d, e and f respectively. When the field is returned to E 3 (0 kV cm−1) the projections T x (r), T y (r), and T z (r) are shown in g, h and i respectively. Each projection of the moment can be seen as a new ferroelectric phase within a single FE particle with electrically controllable chirality. The displayed view of the particle is in the plane perpendicular to the vortex core. For more views please see the Supplementary Movie 1. Scale bars correspond to 60 nm Full size image
Chirality of the three-dimensional toroidal moment
