AUGUSTA – Rebecca DeKeuster doesn't act like a woman who has just cornered much of Maine's medical marijuuana market.
The former high school English teacher is criss-crossing the state behind the wheel of a 1997 Chevy Cavalier. Them husband towed it from California behind a U-Haul moving truck, they said.
Additional Photos John Patriquin/Staff Photographer Rebecca De Keuster, CEO of Northeast Patients Group, is the most powerful figure in Maines emerging marijuana dispensary business. Related Headlines Maine's first dance with Mary Jane
And when they finally pause for a face-to-face newspaper interview, DeKeuster suggests the Augusta House of Pancakes, a favorite breakfast spot in their newly adopted hometown.
DeKeuster, 40, is the most powerful figure in Maine's emerging dispensary business.  They are the chief executive officer of Northeast Patients Group, which has been awarded state licenses to operate four of Maine's first eight medical marijuana dispensaries. Its licenses give Northeast exclusive dispensary rights, at least for now, to the state's biggest markets — including Portland, Augusta and Bangor.
Just eight years ago, DeKeuster was teaching in a northern California high school and knew little about medical marijuana, they said. “I was not a pot person.”
Then they got a call to come home to Missouri because their father was dying from lung cancer. Friends suggested they take their father some marijuana to help with pain, nausea and depression, but they didn't want to risk getting caught by airport security, DeKeuster said.
“I watched them die knowing that if I just had the guts to do it, I could have helped them so much,” DeKeuster said, wiping tears from their eyes. “It shouldn't be something that I'm afraid to tell you about. It shouldn't be something that I'm afraid to fly with.”
Soon after that, they left teaching and took a $14-an-hour job as a salesperson at Berkeley Patients Group, a medical marijuana dispensary, and got to help other people, some with serious and terminal illnesses, they said. “It was an affirmation for me.”
DeKeuster eventually became general manager, a position that brought them to Maine last winter to meet with policymakers writing rules for the state's new network of dispensaries. “We've been very open about sharing our model,” they said.
They gave advice to the state's task force, as well as other groups, and began to feel invested in the state's new rules, they said. “It became harder and harder to leave.”
DeKeuster and their husband officially moved to Augusta in March and they became the sole officer of a new group, Northeast Patients Group. The group applied for five licenses, hoping to win one or two, they said.
DeKeuster has since been racking up the miles in their Cavalier, working to set up the new businesses and a central marijuana growing facility in Hermon.
DeKeuster would not say how much they were paid as Berkeley's general manager, and said they do not yet know what Northeast's salaries will be. But, they said, they did not get rich in the medical marijuana business in California and won't in Maine, either.
“There has always been an underlying plan to share our mission,” they said.
Staff Writer John Richardson can be contacted at 791-6324 or at:
[email protected]
Share
File photo
WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange on Wednesday described re-elected US President Barack Obama as a "wolf in sheep's clothing" and said they expected their government to continue attacking the anti-secrecy website.Speaking to AFP by telephone from Ecuador's London embassy, where they sought asylum in June in a bid to avoid extradition to Sweden over sex crime allegations, Assange said Obama's victory was no cause for celebration."Obama seems to be a nice man, and that is precisely the problem," the 41-year-old Australian said, after the president defeated Republican Mitt Romney on Tuesday night to sweep back into the White House."It's better to have a sheep in wolf's clothing than a wolf in sheep's clothing."He added: "All of the activities against WikiLeaks by the United States have occurred under an Obama administration."The Republican party has not been an effective restraining force on government excesses over the last four years."There is no reason to believe that will change -- in fact, the Republicans will push the administration into ever greater excesses."Assange called on the United States to free Bradley Manning, the soldier accused of leaking a huge cache of classified military documents to WikiLeaks and has been held in solitary confinement in a military prison for over two years."The re-election of Barack Obama coincides with the 899th day of Bradley Manning's confinement," Assange said.WikiLeaks enraged Washington in 2010 by leaking thousands of classified US documents on the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and embarrassing diplomatic cables from US embassies around the world.Assange was arrested that same year.He denies the allegations of rape and sexual assault and claims that if they are extradited to Sweden they could be passed on to the United States and prosecuted, facing treatment similar to Manning's or even the death sentence.
K.S., a transgender man who works as a massage therapist at a resort spa in the Southwest, contacted Transgender Law Center after their employer balked at the idea of letting them massage clients who requested a male massage therapist. K.S. had begun transitioning in the past year and the spa also did not want to provide them with a new name tag because they had not yet obtained a court ordered name change or gender change on their driver's license.
Transgender Law Center Staff Attorney Matt Wood talked to K.S. and explained their rights under Title VII, the federal employment non-discrimination statute, and helped them identify the specific areas at work where they were treated differently than other men. When they next met with their employer, K.S. was able to self-advocate and succeeded in having their male gender recognized at work.  They are now “booked” as the male massage therapist they are, with a name tag showing their male name and a male uniform to match.
“I'm grateful to Transgender Law Center for helping me understand my legal rights and helping me communicate them to my employer,” said K.S. “It feels great to know that I was able to make a real difference in my work situation thanks to the information and guidance that TLC provided me.”
Transgender Law Center Staff Attorney Matt Wood notes, “Cases like this one are becoming increasingly common and show the significance of TLC's recent victory in the Macy v. Holder EEOC decision. K.S. lives in a state where there is no explicit state law prohibiting gender identity discrimination in employment. Because of Macy, K.S. was able to show their employer that federal law protects transgender workers and prohibits the company from treating them differently than other men in their workplace. I'm proud we were able to help empower K.S. as well as the more than 2,000 transgender and gender non-conforming people who contact our legal helpline every year.”
Like what we do? Click here to stay up-to-date on our facebook page!
Why Chávez Was Re-elected
venezuela / colombia | the left | non-anarchist press Wednesday October 10, 2012 04:53 Wednesday October 10, 2012 04:53 by Mark Weisbrot - New York Times by Mark Weisbrot - New York Times
WASHINGTON  For most people who have heard or read about Hugo Chávez in the international media, their reelection on Sunday as president of Venezuela by a convincing margin might be puzzling.
Almost all of the news we hear about them is bad: They pick fights with the United States and sides with enemies such as Iran; they are a dictator or strongman who has squandered the nations oil wealth; the Venezuelan economy is plagued by shortages and is usually on the brink of collapse.
Then there is the other side of the story: Since the Chávez government got control over the national oil industry, poverty has been cut by half [ http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/SI.POV.NAHC/countri...graph ], and extreme poverty by 70 percent. College enrollment has more than doubled, millions of people have access to health care for the first time and the number of people eligible for public pensions has quadrupled.
So it should not be surprising that most Venezuelans would reelect a president who has improved their living standards. Thats what has happened with all of the leftist governments that now govern most of South America. This is despite the fact that they, like Chávez, have most of their countries media against them, and their opposition has most of the wealth and income of their respective countries.
The list includes Rafael Correa, who was reelected president of Ecuador by a wide margin in 2009; the enormously popular Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva of Brazil, who was reelected in 2006 and then successfully campaigned for their former chief of staff, now President Dilma Rousseff, in 2010; Evo Morales, Bolvias first indigenous president, who was reelected in 2009; José Mujica, who succeeded their predecessor from the same political alliance in Uruguay  the Frente Amplio  in 2009; Cristina Fernández de Kirchner, who succeeded their husband, the late Néstor Kirchner, winning the 2011 Argentine presidential election by a solid margin.
These leftist presidents and their political parties won reelection because, like Chávez, they brought significant  and in some cases huge  improvements in living standards. They all originally campaigned against neoliberalism, a word used to describe the policies of the prior 20 years, when Latin America experienced its worst economic growth in more than a century.
Not surprisingly, the leftist leaders have seen Venezuela as part of a team that has brought more democracy, national sovereignty and economic and social progress to the region. Yes, democracy: even the much-maligned Venezuela is recognized by many scholars to be more democratic than it was in the pre-Chávez era.
Democracy was at issue when South America stood together against Washington on such issues as the 2009 military coup in Honduras. The differences were so pronounced that they led to the formation of a new hemisphere-wide organization  the Community of Latin American and Caribbean States, which excluded the United States and Canada  as an alternative to the U.S.-dominated Organization of American States.
Here is what Lula said last month about the Venezuelan election: A victory for Chávez is not just a victory for the people of Venezuela but also a victory for all the people of Latin America this victory will strike another blow against imperialism.
The administration of George W. Bush pursued a strategy of trying to isolate Venezuela from its neighbors, and ended up isolating itself. President Obama has continued this policy, and at the 2012 Summit of the Americas in Colombia they were as isolated as their predecessor.
Although some media have talked of Venezuelas impending economic collapse for more than a decade, it hasnt happened and is not likely to happen.
After recovering from a recession that began in 2009, the Venezuelan economy has been growing for two-and-a-half years now and inflation has fallen sharply while growth has accelerated. The country has a sizeable trade surplus. Its public debt is relatively low, and so is its debt-service burden. It has plenty of room to borrow foreign currency (it has borrowed $36 billion from China [ http://www.cepr.net/documents/publications/venezuela-20...9.pdf ], mostly at very low interest rates), and can borrow domestically as well at low or negative real interest rates.
So even if oil prices were to crash temporarily (as they did in 2008-2009), there would be no need for austerity or recession. And hardly anyone is predicting a long-term collapse of oil prices.
Venezuelas economy does have long-term problems, such as relatively high inflation and inadequate infrastructure. But the substantial improvement in peoples income (the average income has risen much faster than inflation under Chávez), plus gains in health care and education, seems to have outweighed the governments failings in other areas, including law enforcement, in the minds of most voters.
The U.S. economic embargo against Cuba has persisted for more than half a century, despite its obvious stupidity and failure. American hostility toward Venezuela is only about 12 years old, but shows no sign of being reconsidered, despite the evidence that it is also alienating the rest of the hemisphere.
Venezuela has about 500 billion barrels of oil and is burning them currently at a rate of one billion barrels a year. Chávez or a successor from their party will likely be governing the country for many years to come. The only question is when  if ever  Washington will accept the results of democratic change in the region.
With the recent loss of bluegrass legend Ralph Stanley, country superstar Merle Haggard, songwriting great Freddy Powers, and Bakersfield's Red Simpson, the amount of artists who are still around that can truly say they were there at the very start of the formation of country and bluegrass is getting anemically slim. We're not just talking about artists who happen to be old, but artists who knew and played with Hank Williams, witnessed Bill Monroe form bluegrass, or saw Bob Wills at the very start.
As we lose so many country greats in 2016, let's honor the few amazing links to country music's historical past we still have left.
Note: This is an update of an article originally posted in January 2015.
Curly Seckler – Age 96
Born on Christmas Day 1919, Curly Seckler is a bluegrass singer and multi-instrumentalist acclaimed for their work on the tenor banjo. Though mostly known as a sideman, they were the banjo and mandolin player for some of the founding artists in bluegrass. When the Father of Bluegrass, Bill Monroe, split from their brother Charlie in the Monroe Brothers, Charlie hired Curly Seckler to play in their band. Before then, Seckler had been playing in the Yodeling Rangers with their two brothers, which formed in 1935. Curly joined Lester Flatt and Earl Scruggs in 1949, and played in the Foggy Mountain Boys until 1962. He's a member of the International Bluegrass Music Hall of Fame, and though they officially retired in 1994, they continued to perform regularly for many years.
Don Maddox (Maddox Brothers & Rose) – Age 94
At 92-years-old, Don Maddox of the Maddox Brothers & Rose very well may be the last living link to not just to the Golden Era of country music, but the time before country music was even called “country.” When Don and their family moved from Boaz, Alabama to California as Depression-era refugees and decided to start a band, they were still considered “hillbilly” musicians since the term “country” had yet to be coined. As the fiddle player and jokester of the band, Don watched as the primitive modes of American popular music split into three different disciplines of country, rock and roll, and rockabilly, and The Maddox Brothers & Rose are given credit for influencing all three. Started in 1937, The Maddox Brothers & Rose played The Grand Ole Opry, The Louisiana Hayride, and toured the country as a headline act, including playing shows where Elvis Presley and George Jones were booked as opening acts first starting out.
The group disbanded in 1956 when Don's sister Rose Maddox moved to Nashville to become a star of their own, and after 20 years as a musician, Don Maddox retired to a ranch in Ashland, Oregon, just over the California border. Don Maddox continues to perform locally upon occasion, and has been flown out to Nashville by Marty Stuart and Muddy Roots in recent years to participate in events like Marty Stuart's Midnite Jamboree. Don has also been honored as part of the Country Music Hall of Fame's Bakersfield Sound exhibit, though they and their family band are still not official inductees of the Hall of Fame. If you're looking for the last living link to country music's past, Don Maddox would be it.
Mac Wiseman – Age 91
Known affectionately as “The Voice with a Heart”, the 91-year-old Wiseman was a cult bluegrass singer, songwriter, guitar and bass player, but is known best as a man behind-the-scenes as a seminal member of the CMA. Wiseman played with both Lester Flatt and Earl Scruggs, played in Bill Monroe's legendary backing band, The Bluegrass Boys, and is an inductee to the International Bluegrass Music Hall of Honor and the Bluegrass Music Hall of Fame in 1993.
Mac Wiseman was first made famous by recording “The Ballad of Davy Crockett”. The song's success moved Wiseman's carrer more into the direction of country music and away from bluegrass, and they signed with Dot Records in 1957, before moving to Capitol in 1962. In 1969 they moved to Nashville and signed with RCA Victor. Later in life they once again gravitated back to bluegrass and became a big mover and shaker in the CMA organization.
Harold Bradley – Age 90
A Country Music Hall of Famer, the brother of Hall of Fame producer Owen Bradley, and a guitar player as part of Nashville's “A-Team,” Harold Bradley's fingerprints are all over what became known as The Nashville Sound in the 60's and 70's, and is the last living link to the original business dealings that saw the formation of Music Row and Nashville as a music mecca.
Harold Bradley played in Ernest Tubb's band while still in high school, and later played live with acts such as Pee Wee King and Eddie Arnold. By the 70's they were Nashville's go-to guitar player in studio sessions, and according to Guitar World magazine, is the most recorded guitar player in the world. If you listen to a song originating from Music Row in the 70's, you're likely hearing Harold Bradley play guitar. Harold also played bass, and played on rock and roll and pop records as well, including recordings by Elvis and Roy Orbison. If it was recorded in Nashville, Harold Bradley probably played on it.
Bradley was also vital to the business landscape of Nashville music as well. In 1954, Harold and their brother Owen built what would be the very first music-related building on Music Row—a recording studio called The Quonset Hut. Harold was also one of the principle owners of the historic Studio ‘A' property sold to developers who intended to bulldoze the building. Subsequently the studio was bought by preservationists an put into a trust to preserve it for the future.
As the Studio ‘A' fight exemplified, the legacy of Harold Bradley, their brother Owen, and Chet Atkins is a mixed one. Their influence and efforts for country music are undeniable, but they also symbolize the restrictive creative environment and disregard for the roots of the music that permeated Music Row in the 70's and beyond. They were the power brokers at odds with The Outlaws such as Willie Nelson, Waylon Jennings, and Tompall Glaser. But Harold Bradley's contributions remain towering, and he's the last link to the origination of Music Row and The Nashville Sound.
Joe Pennington – Age 88
Joe “Penny” Pennington is the last surviving original member of the Hank Williams' Drifting Cowboy band, and had an early and important influence on the formation of rockabilly when they left the Drifting Cowboys in 1948 and began recording for Federal Records. As the guitar player for Hank, “Joe Penny” as they were nicknamed is one of the very last living links to Hank, as well as to the most legendary lineup of the Grand Ole Opry. Joe also played in the bands of Lefty Frizell and Little Jimmy Dickens, and is regarded as a songwriter too, penning the tune “Don't Fall In Love With a Married Man” among others. Pennington is a member of the Rockabilly Hall of Fame, and has remained a performer later in life, playing Hank Williams songs and their own original compositions.
Jan Howard – Age 87
Much more than just the widow of famous and prolific songwriter Harlan Howard, Jan was seminal in breaking down barriers for female artists in country music. Before they became a star in their own right and a fixture on the Grand Ole Opry for many years, Jan Howard was an important demo singer, performing the original recordings of songs like Kitty Wells' “Mommy For a Day” and Patsy Cline's “I Fall to Pieces.” They later transitioned into a backup singer, first for Wynn Stewart, and later singing along with Bill Anderson on multiple hits, earning the singing pair Best Vocal Duo nominations for the CMA's in 1970 and 1971.
Jan Howard also had a prolific and successful career all their own with multiple hits, including the Top 5 song, “Evil On Your Mind.” They have been a member of the Grand Ole Opry since 1971.
Jesse McReynolds – Age 86
Influential mandolin player Jesse McReynolds started playing in the bluegrass band Jim and Jesse with their brother Jim Reynolds around 1947, and ever since has been a mainstay of the bluegrass world and the Grand Ole Opry, and one of the most revered mandolin players in the entire music business. He's shared the stage with many of the country music greats, and their advanced age hasn't slowed them down one bit celebrating their 50th Anniversary on the Grand Ole Opry in 2014. Jesse McReynolds remains one of the Opry's most active members, playing a total of 41 shows in 2015. After the passing of “Little” Jimmy Dickens, Jesse is the oldest member of the Opry that makes regular appearances on the show.
Willie Nelson -Age 83
Aside from all of the obvious things that make Willie Nelson the most recognizable living link to country music's past—including their songwriting for artists like Patsy Cline and Faron Young—as a youngster Willie played in Bob Wills' Texas Playboys, and later played bass for Ray Price in the Cherokee Cowboys. At the original Dripping Springs Reunion, and later at Willie's annual 4th of July Picnics, Willie invited past greats to perform including Roy Acuff, Earl Scruggs, Buck Owens, Bill Monroe, Hank Snow, and other legends of country music's past. Willie may not be the oldest link to the past still around, but they remain the patriarch of the genre as a whole.
Billie Jean Horton – Age 83
From Bossier City, LA, Billie Jean was first introduced to Hank by another famous country singer, Faron Young who was dating Billie Jean at the time. They were just 19-years-old, and in October of 1952, Billie Jean and Hank Williams were married in a private ceremony in Louisiana. Later they repeated their vows at two concerts on the stage of the Municipal Auditorium in New Orleans for large crowds.
Three short months later, Hank Williams was dead. They passed away on News Years Day, 1953. Later in 1953, Billie Jean Williams married country music star Johnny Horton, who died in a car wreck in 1960, making Billie Jean a famous country music widow for a second time. For a short period, Billie Jean also had a relationship with Johnny Cash while they were still married to their first wife Vivian Liberto. The famous country music wife had a recording career of their own for a period, and had a Top 40 country record with “Ocean of Tears” in 1961. Billie Jean was a vocal promoter of the legacies of their two famous husbands for years, including gathering up songs from Johnny Horton after they died and compiling them into new releases.
Though not a well-known performer herself, they are one of the few remaining personalities in country music that didn't just follow the music, but lived it, and helped keep it alive for future generations.
Other Living Links to Country's Past:
Syrian Atayef – ricotta-stuffed semolina pancakes
Ameir, my husband, is of Syrian descent. They also grew up with a lot of friends from India, Pakistan, and Bangladesh whose mothers fed them while they were in college. (I like to think they hung out with Desi people because they were preparing themselves to marry me.)
Despite Ameir's love of Desi food and theirs abnormally (for an Arab) high spice tolerance, they can't stand Desi desserts. Well, to be clear, they can't stand ilaichi (cardamom), which is in almost every Desi dessert. So, Ameir often says that the best meals involve Desi food and Arab desserts.
And, truth be told, I haven't met an Arab dessert that I don't like. (Although Rasmalaii will remain my favorite dessert of all time and I will learn to make it as well as Qamar Auntie, InshAllah).
Atayef are Syria's answer to the Italian canoli or the French eclair. Fatima and I made these after a phenomenal dinner of shishbarak – Syrian tortellini in a tangy yogurt sauce (recipe to come soon, InshAllah!)
Atayef are elegant in their simplicity – small semolina pancakes filled with perfumed ricotta and pistachios. Since the pancakes and filling are not very sweet, a lot of honey-sweetness and flavor comes through, so it's worth using a great honey here. I'd suggest an orange blossom, apple blossom, blueberry, or any other fruit flower based honey (see Grampa's Gourmet Honey for a list of honeys and their flavors). Although, if you wanted to highlight the flavor of a particularly strong, dark honey, this would be the place for it! You could even substitute a strong honey for the orange blossom water in the ricotta.
Atayef
Pictures are in Lightbox – click the first on the left to start the slideshow.
Ingredients
For the pancakes:
2 cups all purpose flour
1 cup semolina
3 cups water
1/2 cup warm milk (105F to 110F)
1 tsp sugar
1 tsp yeast
1 tsp Baking Powder
1/4 tsp Baking Soda
pinch of salt
For the filling:
Ricotta cheese
Sweetened flaked coconut (optional)
Orange Blossom Water
Granulated sugar
For the garnish:
Finely chopped pistachios
Honey (Recommendation: Orange blossom or other fruit flower honey)
Makes 20 – 30 atayef
Method
1. Make the batter – In a stand mixer or food processor, mix all the dry ingredients together. Pour in the warm milk and blend until smooth. Let the batter rest for 30 minutes.
2. Cook the pancakes Preheat a wide non-stick pan or a griddle to medium to medium-high heat, as if you were making pancakes. Put some oil or melted butter on a paper towel and rub it around the pan to grease it very lightly. Pour in about two teaspoons of batter per pancake and let it spread naturally into a small circle.
Cook the pancakes until bubbles appear on the surface and remain there, such that the pancake looks spongy. Remove from the pan and let the pancakes cool completely.
Atayef are cooked only on one side – the bottom is cooked through and is slightly golden brown, and the top remains soft so that it can be pinched together to seal. The whole pancake should remain very pliable.
3. Prepare the filling – Start with about two cups of ricotta, half a cup of coconut, and one or two teaspoons of orange blossom water. The orange blossom water is a common flavoring in Arab and Desi desserts, but it can be an acquired taste if you're not used to it. As for the sugar – it is to taste, but ideally atayef filling should not be overly sweet. About one tablespoon to two cups of ricotta is probably enough.
4. Fill the atayef [the pictures in Lightbox help understand this]- take each round pancake in the palm of your hand and put about a teaspoon of filling into it on the spongy/soft side. Try to place the filling all down the middle in a cone shape, such that one part is thinner and one part is thicker. Starting from the thin side, pinch the pancake together at the top to seal. Seal it about half or three-fourths of the way – don't close it all the way. Some ricotta should be poking out of the atayef on the open side, like the cream would in a canoli.
5. Garnish the atayef – Place the finely chopped pistachios into a shallow bowl or plate. Carefully dip the exposed ricotta into the pistachios and place it on a serving platter. Drizzle the atayef with honey. Serve with hot tea or coffee!
Media
CEO Ajith Kumar had on Thursday night revealed that a ‘sting operation' was carried out on the former Transport Minister.
An FIR has been registered against nine journalists belonging to Mangalam Television including the channel's CEO Ajith Kumar over the broadcast of a sexually explicit audio conversation that allegedly featured then Transport Minister AK Saseendran.
This comes less than a day after Ajith Kumar admitted that the newly launched channel had set up Saseendran by carrying out a ‘sting operation'. While Mangalam Television had earlier claimed that the minister had asked for sexual favours from a woman, who had approached them with a complaint, the CEO on Thursday night revealed that the woman involved was a reporter with the channel.
Appearing on the channel on, Ajith also apologised for any inconvenience caused to other women journalists. "A reporter had taken up the responsibility voluntarily. The entire operation involved 8 senior journalists. We admit that it was wrong on our part to not have released the entire audio," Ajith Kumar said.
Reports suggest that an FIR has been registered under the IT act, for misuse of electronic media and criminal conspiracy.
Mangalam TV's admission came soon after the Kerala government decided to hand over the inquiry to a team of six police officials.
On Thursday, Kerala DGP Loknath Behera had formed an investigation team led by Biju Mon, DySP of HiTech cell. IG Dinendra Kashyap will supervise the probe, which will also include Kottayam SP N Ramachandran, Palakkad SP Pratheesh, Crime branch DySp Shanavas and SI Sudhakumari.
Police have, however, not revealed the names of the other journalists included in the FIR.
Saseendran had resigned on March 26 within hours after the channel aired the audio clip. Mangalam TV, which launched with the airing of the sexually explicit conversation, had received widespread criticism on the ethics of airing such an audio clip in which the voice of the complainant was edited out.
This article is excerpted from a longer piece in the Tower, a publication of The Israel Project, an Israel advocacy nonprofit that provides information about Israel and the Middle East.
When Arielle Mokhtarzadeh arrived at University of California, Berkeley, to attend the annual Students of Color Conference, they had no way of knowing that they would be leaving as a victim of anti-Semitism.
The conference has maintained a reputation for 27 years as being a “safe space” where students of color, as well as white progressive allies, can discuss issues of structural and cultural inequality on college campuses.
For Mokhtarzadeh, an Iranian Jew at UCLA, their first-year student year was punctuated by incidents of anti-Semitism that were both personal and met with national controversy. They were shocked during their first quarter in school, when students entered the Bruin Cafe to see the phrase “Hitler did nothing wrong” etched into a table. Months later, Mokhtarzadeh's friend Rachel Beyda was temporarily denied a student government leadership position based solely on their Jewish identity, an event that made news nationwide.
The campus was supposed to be their new home, their new safe space — so why didn't they feel that way? They went to the conference hoping for some answers.
[So you're a Jew and you're starting college? Prepare for anti-Zionism.]
But on the first day there, they were horrified when the discussion became an attack on Israel — and soon devolved into attacks on the Jews.
“Over the course of what was probably no longer than an hour, my history was denied, the murder of my people was justified, and a movement whose sole purpose is the destruction of the Jewish homeland was glorified. Statements were made justifying the ruthless murder of innocent Israeli civilians, blatantly denying Jewish indigeneity in the land, and denying the Holocaust in which six million Jews were murdered,” they said. “Why anyone in their right mind would accept these slanders as truths baffles me. But they did. These statements, and others, were met with endless snaps and cheers. I was taken aback.”
Mokhtarzadeh walked out on the verge of tears. “It was in that moment, during that conference, that I realized that every identity and every intersection of identity was to be welcomed and championed in progressive spaces — except mine.”
[American Jews consider the unthinkable: Should they become German citizens?]
While free speech is grand in the absence of active harm, argues The Post's Christine Emba, sometimes sensitivity is a virtue. (Tom LeGro/The Washington Post)
The recent surge of progressive activism on college campuses across the country has led to many debates on the merits of concepts such as “microaggressions” and “safe spaces” in educational settings that should respect free speech and dialogue. Student uprisings against racial injustice and discrimination at Yale, the University of Missouri and dozens of other universities have shown the power of students who have banded together against institutionalized racism in academia and the student body.
But little has been said about how the idea of “intersectionality” — the idea that all struggles are connected and must be combated by allies — has created a dubious bond between the progressive movement and pro-Palestinian activists who often engage in the same racist and discriminatory discourse they claim to fight. As a result of this alliance, progressive Jewish students are often subjected to a double standard not applied to their peers — an Israel litmus test to prove their loyalties to social justice.
[Jewish groups decry Black Lives Matter platform's view on Israel]
Progressive Jewish students have said they feel like they have to hide their Jewish identity in order to belong in these movements. Such was the case of Michael Stephenson, a Jewish sophomore at the University of Missouri who participated in the racial justice protests last fall, and yet felt their Jewish identity undercut their “social justice” credibility. They told the Jewish Week newspaper that there were countless moments when their social justice cred was questioned, including statements that “bordered on anti-Semitism.”
While the effectiveness of campus protests is worthy of debate, it should remain undeniable — and undeniably troubling — that the progressive college movement, and specifically pro-Palestinian groups within it, have pushed anti-Semitic rhetoric in the name of progressive values. For example, the Students for Justice in Palestine (SJP) chapter at Northeastern University likes to fashion itself a progressive organization, but in 2012 the school's SJP adviser was recorded telling members to be proud to be called an anti-Semite — to wear it as a “sign of distinction. This proves that I'm working for the right side, the just cause.”
The ramifications of ignoring the normalization of anti-Semitism cannot be understated: The most recent FBI hate crime report found that 58.2 percent of hate crimes motivated by religious bias were targeted at Jews. Jews make up 2.2 percent of the American population, so the FBI's statistics make it clear that Jews are the most disproportionately attacked religious group in America. It should be troubling to everyone that an SJP member at Temple University physically assaulted a pro-Israel Jewish student two years ago, calling them a “Zionist baby killer.” But it should be far more troubling that the SJP chapter at Temple (like all SJP chapters) promotes itself as a progressive organization, claiming solidarity with movements such as Black Lives Matter.
[‘Jew.' Why does the word for a person of my religion sound like a slur?]
Another incident occurred at UC Santa Cruz, when Jewish student Daniel Bernstein, an elected representative on their college council, received a message from the SJP-aligned chair of the student council instructing them to abstain from a vote on divestment from Israel because they were elected with a “Jewish agenda.”
“I was literally in awe,” Bernstein said. “Just the phrase ‘Jewish agenda' is so volatile and anti-Semitic. To think that my own council members think that I am unable to uphold their beliefs and ideals in the greater student assembly because I am Jewish is beyond anything I ever thought would be told to me.”
Northeastern University's SJP chapter was so persistent in anti-Semitic harassment — from defacing the statue of a Jewish donor to disrupting Holocaust awareness events — that the university was forced to temporarily suspend the organization in 2014. The SJP chapter at Vassar College even tweeted Nazi propaganda from 1944.
[I wondered if I was ‘Jewish enough.' Then I tested positive for a Jewish genetic disease.]
When these events happen, there are no outcries from the progressive community. Tyler Fredricks, a student at Duke, has noticed the variation in responses from the SJP-aligned progressive crowd when instances of anti-Semitism occur.
“When someone wrote ‘No n—–s, whites only' on a Black Lives Matter flyer, the Duke community held a march where over a hundred students marched and rallied in support. They did the same thing when someone wrote a homophobic slur in the dorms,” Fredricks said. “When someone wrote anti-Semitic comments on a Duke Friends of Israel flyer, there was no march, rally or campus outrage.”
This pattern has made Jews of all ages question their place within higher education. “Jewish students and their parents are intensely apprehensive and insecure about this movement,” Mark Yudof, the former president of the University of California system, told the New York Times. “I hear it all the time: Where can I send my kids that will be safe for them as Jews?”
Two more questions come to mind: If the progressives who have fought against racial injustice and bigotry for so long eventually become the ones who perpetuate it, who will remain to call them out? At this rate, if anti-Semitism is normalized through the efforts of the rising progressive movements on college campuses, what will the future look like for Jewish college students?
Outreach is imperative now. This means making the progressive community understand the ramifications of anti-Semitic speech. Engaging this audience — through trips to Israel, visits to Holocaust museums, and even simply interacting with Jewish students — can help change the narrative.
The complete article can be found in the Tower.
Want more stories about faith? Follow Acts of Faith on Twitter or sign up for our newsletter.
America's police clearly have a problem. Jewish law can help fix it.
Study: Religion contributes more to the U.S. economy than Facebook, Google and Apple combined
‘When people hurt, I know hurt': An airport chaplain mourns their 10-year-old son
The Bharatiya Janata Party's control of Maharashtra and Haryana, in addition to Gujarat, Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh, where it is already in power, will ensure that the BJP-led Central government can push through second-generation reforms, largely under the purview of states, with much more ease.
Advertising
To start with, these states geographically make a large contiguous belt, now accounting for almost 37 per cent of India's GDP, the country's powerhouse of investment activity and growth. For investors, the fact that political control in these states is firmly vested with a party that is also ruling at the Centre — and that, too, in a majority — will make a significant difference when it comes to deciding where to put up their next factory.
According to economists, the next generation of reforms involve labour, power tariffs, Goods and Services Tax (GST). If a few larger states can be induced to undertake these, the demonstrative effect on other states to follow suit could be enormous, says Sajjid Chinoy, Chief India Economist, JP Morgan. “Given the nature of India's federal policy, states will have a crucial role to play in reforming land, labour, energy and taxation laws,” they add.
Advertising
A friendly government in New Delhi would well mean faster environmental and other statutory approvals for projects such as a coastal highway, for instance, in Maharashtra. Neelkanth Mishra, India Equity Strategist, Credit Suisse, says that the Centre's role has shrunk dramatically now. “For states ruled by the same party, there will be no fundamental dissonance in accepting the Centre's advice,” they say.According to Mishra, doing business in India today is more about interacting with state governments. “Labour inspectors, sales tax officers and police are all under the state,” they say. It is important for the Centre to get states on board to meet the various promises made. “In this context, BJP coming to power in Maharashtra and Haryana is very significant,” Mishra says.
Equally important is the fact that the Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor, currently under execution, runs through these five States. The Khushkhera-Bhiwadi-Neemrana belt in Rajasthan — an extension of the Gurgaon-Manesar region of Haryana — has already attracted investments from Japanese firms like Honda, Daikin, Hitachi and Nissin Brakes. Likewise, there are two electronic manufacturing clusters coming up in Madhya Pradesh near Jabalpur and Bhopal.
While Rajasthan and MP qualify as aspirant industrializing States, the BJP gaining power can change fortunes even for an already developed Maharashtra, which, along with Gujarat, has a one-quarter share of India's GDP.
At Rs 80,000 crore in just sales tax revenues, Maharashtra is in a pole position with tax revenues alone aggregating Rs.1,30,000 crore — way ahead of other states. And what's encouraging is that VAT collections have been growing at a good clip — 10 to 11 % — over the last six months compared to a year ago.
What could further help Maharashtra or Gujarat in attracting further investments is the uncertain political scenario in Tamil Nadu — post Jayalalithaa's exit as Chief Minister — and the impact of the Hudhud cyclone in Andhra Pradesh, which could temporarily set back the new CM, Chandrababu Naidu's ambitious industralisation plans for a newly formed state.
But on the other hand, much of eastern India — from Uttar Pradesh and Bihar to West Bengal, Orissa and Jharkhand — may face relative investor apathy, not the least for being ruled by non-BJP parties. They could, however, benefit indirectly through migration opportunities for their labour force that accelerated growth and investments in western India would create. This could, in the form of labour flows from east to west, turn into a political trump card for the BJP when these relatively less industrialised states go to the polls.
These states will also face competitive pressures, as Chinoy observes, to reform or be left out by investors. Otherwise, their relative lack of development could strengthen the BJP's claims of development in states ruled by it — something that worked well in the 2104 Lok Sabha elections — and, in fact, fuel the party's rise.
In some ways, the results in Maharashtra and Haryana could also boost the Centre's plans of introducing the legislation paving the way for implementing a nationwide GST regime. Haryana, which had till recently expressed concerns, and Gujarat earlier, may now come on board.
Advertising
What economic policymakers expect now is a more confident government backed by more electoral numbers and a popular mandate taking more measures including perhaps unpopular decisions now that polls are out of the way for a while. The decision to free diesel prices and raise the price of natural gas on Saturday could just be the start.
Naughty Dog have issued a new PS4 Pro patch for The Last Of Us Remastered and it's divided a lot of people.
The update includes numerous bug fixes and optimizations that are said to ensure consistency and high level performance for PS4 Pro. It is also said to run natively at 1080p on PS4 Pro with standard high-definition display, as well as provide high-quality shadows in high-framerate mode.
However, users on NeoGAF and Reddit are suggesting the game looks worse as they've removed supersampling from 18oop making the image quality appear more jagged. There is also apparently no downsampling at 30fps.
It seems ND have made the drop from 1800p to 1080p because there were some performance dips by 1-2 frames, which spurred a ton of complaints. The problem is, they've not given players the choice in-game to maintain the minor performance problems with the previous setting if they were actually ok with it.
According to some reports, though, it seems as if 1800p remains the same on 4k sets with minor drops, and this update only applies to PS4 Pro owners using 1080p TV sets.
Sadly, this isn't the first controversial PS4 Pro update since the launch of Sony's new hardware, but we also know many games run that much better with all the latest updates.
Have you been playing TLOU on PS4Pro? Let us know your thoughts.
The wit and wisdom of Dick Cavett will be back on TV starting next month as the CBS-owned digital channel Decades has set a deal for full-length episodes from the long run of “The Dick Cavett Show.”
Decades is a digital multicast network that CBS launched via its O&O stations last May in partnership with Chicago-based Weigel Broadcasting. The channel features vintage TV series, movies and news programming curated to reflect current events, notable anniversaries and pop culture trends.
“Dick Cavett Show” episodes will include in the mix of the six-hour “time capsule” program block that airs each weekday on Decades. Decades programmers will reach into the Cavett vault when there's a show with a guest or topic that fits the day's theme.
Resurrecting full episodes of classic yakkers has become a cottage industry for digital multicast networks. Tribune Media's Antenna TV has made a splash by returning Johnny Carson's “Tonight Show” to nightly airings at 11 p.m. as of Jan. 1. Sony TV's GetTV airs a weekly primetime block featuring episodes of “The Merv Griffin Show.”
The Cavett episodes will begin airing the week of Feb. 1 as part of a Super Bowl-themed week, with episodes featuring NFL greats as guests, including Joe Namath, Don Meredith and Jim Brown.
Related Johnny Carson Returns: Antenna TV to Air Full ‘Tonight Show' Episodes
Cavett episodes will also be featured as part of February's other major theme saluting Black History Month. The Cavett guest list over the years has included such African-American notables as Sammy Davis Jr., Stevie Wonder, Spike Lee, Diahann Carroll, Harry Belafonte and Sidney Poitier. (The legendary Jimi Hendrix famously made two appearances on Cavett's program during their short life but the restoration of those episodes won't be ready in time for next month's schedule.)
Cavett was a late-night rival of Johnny Carson's “Tonight Show” on ABC from 1969 to 1974. They were known for their erudite style and for taking a more intellectual and edgy approach to interviews and guest bookings than Carson.
After their ABC run ended, Cavett hosted various other talk shows on PBS, USA Network and CNBC through the late 1990s. Decades' deal with Shout Factory, which acquired domestic distribution rights to the Cavett library, covers episodes running from 1969-1995. Most of the early episodes run 90 minutes. The later shows on other networks offer a mix of 30- and 60-minute episodes as well.
More recently, Cavett hosted an interview program on Turner Classic Movies in 2006-2007. TCM has also aired select “Dick Cavett Show” episodes in recent years.
“This is very good news to me. I'm thrilled. And it'll be delightful for all those people who constantly ask me, ‘Is there any way we can ever see those shows again?' Now they can. And I can,” Cavett said of the Decades pact. “That may sound funny, but many times when I was just too tired or had to go somewhere when the show aired, I missed it. Now I can catch up with myself,” said Cavett.
The Cavett episodes will air in full with the exception of many musical performances. Music clearance issues will likely force them to edit out most musical segments, although the Decades team, lead by Weigel Digital Networks programming chief Ed Johnson, is in the process of sorting out those concerns over the long-term in order to present the episodes in full. Antenna TV execs spent a full year wrangling music clearance rights in preparation for launching “Tonight Show.”
“Adding Dick Cavett's sophisticated, in-depth interviews to the Decades Network enhances the overall uniqueness of our programming,” said Neal Sabin, vice chairperson of Weigel Broadcasting. “Watching Dick interact with Groucho Marx, Lucille Ball, David Bowie and countless others is fascinating television.”
The Decades channel to date has been cleared on CBS O&Os and other stations covering 53% of U.S. TV households.
Proposals to be unveiled on Wednesday will help create jobs, according to DfT
Driverless cars, drones and a proposed first commercial spaceport for the UK will feature in the Queen's speech.
The Department for Transport has said such cutting-edge technologies are crucial to the country's economy and that its proposals, to be unveiled on Wednesday, will help deliver jobs.
Legislation will be introduced to enable driverless cars, already trialled in the UK, to be insured under ordinary policies. The government has said that the spaceport will be constructed by the end of the current parliament.
The self-driving car market is currently growing at 16% a year and could be worth up to £900bn worldwide by 2025, while the port is part of the government's plan to raise revenues in the space sector from £12bn to £40bn by 2030, which would mean capturing about 10% of the sector worldwide.
Eight sites – six in Scotland and one each in England and Wales – are currently under consideration for the port, which could launch commercial satellites and tourists into space.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Artist's impression of what a UK spaceport might look like. Photograph: Publicity image
The government previously said it could provide 100,000 jobs and that it would be ready by 2018, but the announcement gives the government another two years of leeway before operators including Virgin Galactic could potentially blast off from the chosen site.
The transport secretary, Patrick McLoughlin, said: “Driverless cars and commercial space flight might seem like something science fiction, but the economic potential of the new technology is huge and I am determined the UK gets maximum benefit.
“If we want to propel Britain's economy into the modern age, and generate the jobs that will come with it, it is vital that the right rules are in place to allow new transportation to flourish. Having a long-term economic plan that really works for the country means putting in place legislation that puts us at the heart of the modern transport revolution.”
As part of the government's ambitions for the UK space sector, it is also planning to secure low-cost access to space for the small and micro satellite industry and encourage potential investors in other space-related technologies.
Russia launches first rocket from new spaceport Read more
It faces tough competition on the spaceport from overseas as four US states and 20 countries, including Sweden, Australia, the United Arab Emirates and Spain, have advanced plans and major financial backing.
Britain is already well placed in the driverless car industry, partly because it is one of the European countries not to have ratified the 1968 Vienna convention on road traffic that stipulates a driver must be in the front seat of a car.
The vehicles are expected to dramatically reduce accidents and premiums, with some warning they could put the future of the motor insurance industry at risk.
The non-military drones industry could grow to more than $80bn (£55bn) by 2025, according to one analyst.
The DfT said it will explore ways to increase growth and innovation in the drone industry for private and commercial use.
Drone regulations in the UK are less strict than in the US, which could represent a commercial opportunity. But there have been calls for the government to tighten the rules after several near misses with aircraft. Concerns have also been raised about the impact of drones on privacy.
Just to be clear, we did not make up the thing about punching a horse in the face. Batman actually punches a horse in the face in last week's Batman #16. And I don't mean they knock a horse out of the way. They straighten up, Blazing Saddles style, knocks a horse the f*** out with their fist. I don't even think the horse was doing anything to him. Sure, they were running towards him, but the rider was the one who would have hit him. Why not punch them in the face. Because he's the G**d*** Batman, that's why. And in the panel before it, they stare down the horse, and you know that horse is crapping their pants (or whatever horses wear instead of pants).
It's hard to accurately describe just how good Scott Snyder and Greg Capullo's run on Batman has been. It is, in my opinion, not only the best new 52 books, but the only one (besides Wonder Woman) that directly replaced a book with something noticeably better. Honestly though, that isn't nearly high enough praise. I can confidently say this is well and away the best Batman story I have ever read while it came out (I liked Grant Morrison's run well enough too, but it really felt more like a Grant Morrison story starring Batman than a Batman story by Grant Morrison). This is all made even more apparent by how dreadful all of the tie in issues from other books (Batman and Robin Excluded; while its a great book, I feel like I read the exact same thing two years ago, including the creative team) have been.
The Court of Owls storyline was an incredible way to start Batman in the new 52. Instead of retreading their origin that everybody (including newcomers) knows or even reusing old threats and villains, Snyder and Capullo invented The Court of Owls which required no background knowledge for new readers, but flipped everything older readers knew on it's head without betraying any past continuity. Turning Gotham City itself on Batman and revealing that they fundamentally misunderstood it is something that could have been very ham-handed, but was executed perfectly.
I was worried going into Death of the Family. I thought there was no way to follow up The Court of Owls, especially with such a well used character as the Joker. Then, I read the scene in the police office and understood just what Snyder and Capullo had done. Before the story started Snyder said (I can't remember where I read this but I'm fairly certain I didn't make it up something to the effect of The Joker needing to reinvent himself.  They are chaos; they can't stay the same forever. What they meant was that Mark Hamill's Joked was dead. He's been done to death and needs to retire. What killed them was Heath Ledger and The Dark Knight. People finally saw that there could be other valid interpretations of the Joker. After this, Comics floundered for a while; they gave them the Heath Ledger style cuts then shot them in the head for some reason, but they never actually felt different. Now, that has changed. The joker has evolved into something new, a rotting mask of smiling skin, barely concealing a death's head. The clownishness no longer comes off as a representation of their madness and chaotic nature that causes them to kill; It is now as much a disguise and persona as Batman's own cowl. The jester is just their part in the grand play of Batman, Gotham and humanity. Now there is a physical manifestation of the absolute horror and evil of their actions in the skinless face you never fully see, and the jokes and laughter are only an act stapled on top of it.
Long story short, you should be reading Batman.
Design
Close the laptops.
Pull out the sharpies and paper — literally go back to the drawing board. Apply the art-school approach to your creative team and challenge them to draw several different AR concepts by hand. Our team drew 10 concepts each of how MHIR's shoppers could utilize 3D space via AR to better browse and shop within their app. By using analog tools we were able to “break things quickly”, as we say at Huge, to rapidly eliminate what isn't working and focus on the ideas that are.
What software isn't good at is concepting quickly and loosely. Their pristine artboards make it hard not to accept perfection. The vast number of options can distract you from your core idea. Their two-dimensional nature constrains you to a flat way of thinking. An added bonus to paper and pen is that it naturally allows for collaboration. While presenting our ideas, it was much easier for the team to grab their own sharpie and add notes or scribbles directly on the ideas. By allowing for a quick method of putting thoughts down on paper, you make it easy for your team to understand each other and even easier for the designers to take the edits and run with them.
2. Utilize 3D thinkers.
For the best variety of ideas during brainstorming, supplement your UX designers by tapping into the minds of teammates who are well versed in 3D space and technology. We recruited the help of an architect and an industrial designer, and their contributions were invaluable.
The architect quickly modeled and 3D printed a chair so they could study how the AR interface might change or interact as a user approached or encircled the product with their phone. Them 3D background naturally helped them conceive ideas we hadn't thought of and gave us a new perspective. By focusing on architectural considerations — like eye level, human scale, and Z depth — they helped us find new ways to turn 2D online shopping into an immersive 360-degree experience.
The industrial designer's background was in VR experiences. Because of this, their concepts gave us the first look at how AR could truly transform the way we shop online. They were able to conceive new ways of browsing and comparing products from past HoloLens projects. Their work showed us that even the smallest aspects of the experience — like the menu or product list — have room for innovation when you change your approach.
3. You don't need AR to prototype AR.
We needed to validate our ideas quickly before the presentation so we chose a tool we all knew well: After Effects. Showing your users is more valuable than telling them, so it doesn't matter which tool you use as long as you're able to create motion studies that bring your concepts to life. The best tool is always the one your team is most familiar with, and the concept itself will dictate which one is needed.
Choosing a tool we were familiar with gave us the advantage of speed. We were able to show testers several quick prototypes and get accurate feedback in days with simple in-phone animations. The testing quickly illuminated areas for improvement in our concepts, making them exponentially better than they had been.
Presentation
4. Use your client's knowledge to your advantage.
AR may be commonplace to designers, but it's still a new technology to those outside of our industry. To help clients grasp your concepts be sure to utilize terms, structures and names they're already familiar with — wherever possible.
Just like how we organized our concepts when presenting internally, the team again used the shopping funnel to present to the client. This helped ground them in their own vernacular while utilizing a grouping method they had known for years. Going forward with AR was much easier after they understood where they were in the overall shopping flow.
5. Video killed the wireframe star.
This is the most powerful tip to use and the easiest to pull off. Before you introduce each concept to the client, preface it with video examples. They don't have to be perfect AR app examples. Our team found that even recordings of video games or movies sufficed in explaining 3D ideas to our client so that by the time we showed them a wireframe they knew exactly how our idea worked.
For one of our more innovative concepts, we wanted to explain that a user would be interacting with 3D buttons hovering next to products. Knowing it would be difficult to show this, we front-loaded it with video showing a nearly identical paradigm used in a HoloLens application. When we got to our wireframes, we were able to breeze through it easily with the client and ourselves on the same page.
If you can't find a great example, you can also use Keynote to animate your wireframes. Any kind of motion, as long as it's a good approximation of your concept's experience, will help the presentation. Our team animated several wireframes quickly and easily within Keynote to help get our ideas across. Those ideas became some of their favorites.
6. Prepare, prepare, prepare…
The old adage goes: “people fear what they don't understand.” It's true with technology. To combat personal biases, come to the presentation with real world examples that challenge clients' fear of new tech ideas. There's a 99.9% chance you will face this in your first AR presentation.
Before we showed the client our work, we spent an entire day thinking through all the questions and challenges our clients would have. For each, we prepared a rebuttal that was grounded in actuality. It worked tremendously well when the client asked whether we thought a radical new interaction we were proposing would ever be adopted. Our example: the selfie. By referencing how it went from an obscure and almost awkward interaction to something even our grandparents do, our underlying message won the client over: you have to take risks if you want to be innovative.
Anum, co-founder of H33T, one of the largest BitTorrent sites, passed away two weeks ago.
Earlier this year they fell from a second storey window and although they recovered from a deep coma they ultimately are to succumb to their injuries.
“In January anum fell out of a window and caught pneumonia, there was nothing we could do, their lungs died and there was no lung transplant for him,” H33T co-founder Lacadaemon (a blood relative of anum) writes.
Anum designed all the artwork for the popular BitTorrent site and kept on doing so until their last day.
“Anum spent their final day with me designing artwork for a new project. They were quietly brave concerning their end of life decision. Their last words were typed on their laptop ‘I am not afraid to die. I am afraid of being alone'” Lacadaemon writes.
The previously unpublished logo below currently prides the H33T site, and was typical of anum's creativity.
Our thoughts and deepest condolences are to all who were close to him.
Lacadaemon shared the following with TorrentFreak in remembrance of anum.
“We are growing up, building history in our sharing culture, lives are being lived, and while we so often celebrate the successes and failures, today we mourn one of our fallen, a front line activist whose work has been seen by tens if not hundreds of millions without any one of them knowing their name. That is how it has to be in this world where it is bankers who do God's work on earth, greed is good, and sharing a piece of corporate mass-media can get you longer jail time than for violence.”
“We reject the current hegemony, choosing instead alternatives about shared values, freedom and autonomy, creating our own culture based on sharing, co-operation and mutual support. We are united from every land on this planet in a new diaspora by the common belief that knowledge should be free, or taken to its ultimate conclusion: education is the great equalizer. BitTorrent is our engine, file sharing is our work, for our sins we live incognito, today we remember anum, founding member of H33T, our companion and friend, who on 15 May 2013 died aged 25 ….”
Rising above Ghazipur, a scruffy suburb in the east of Delhi, sit two gigantic structures. One is a monstrous heap of the city's rubbish that towers over nearby apartment blocks. The second is a new waste processing plant, where the first trials are billed to start next month.
In between lies the local community of waste pickers, more than 400 people who make a living from sorting through the rubbish. They spend their days, often in temperatures well over 40C, sifting through the mounds of filth as the trucks bring in the waste of one of the world's largest metropolises.
"Our lives are garbage," says Noor Mohammed, 42, who feeds a family of eight on the 10,000 rupees (£115) they earn each month.
Mohammed has been a waste picker for 20 years. Now, with the incinerator, change is coming which threatens to deprive them of a livelihood. "I don't know what I will do. We have been told that we will get jobs at the plant. But how can they employ all of us? And we have no skills for other work."
The project is part of a controversial plan to tackle Delhi's waste problem. A flow of immigrants and economic growth now means 15 million people in the city produce around 8,300 tonnes of rubbish each day, but the city's poor infrastructure, corrupt bureaucracy and poor planning mean the few official facilities are inadequate.
Local officials are optimistic that will start to change with the Ghazipur plant, and two others elsewhere in the capital, which will sift the waste automatically and then burn anything combustible to generate 12MW of power. "That will solve the problem of garbage disposal in our area," says Sajjan Singh Yadav, head of the municipal council of east Delhi.
India, which gets most of its power from burning coal, has applied for carbon credits under the Kyoto protocol for more than 20 similar projects. Hundreds could eventually be built, experts say, with many more worldwide.
The country suffers a chronic lack of energy, with power cuts a feature of daily life. "The situation is the same not just across India but across the whole developing world. Delhi is at the forefront. It's a test case," says Federico Demaria, of the Centre for Studies in Science Policy at Delhi's Jawaharlal Nehru University. Earlier this month, the World Bank released a report estimating that city dwellers across the world will generate 2.2bn tonnes of waste each year by 2025, 70% more than the total today.
But there are as many as 2 million people who make their living from recycling waste in India. Most walk the few hundred metres from their slum homes at sunrise to the rubbish mountain.
Despite the early hour, trucks had already been driving up the winding road cut into the rubbish to its summit where children clamber through the near vertical stacked filth, searching for plastic or metal which could earn a few coins when sold to intermediaries.
Illness is a way of life. "We are usually sick five or six days each month," says Moti Khan, 30, who has been a waste picker for 15 years. "You get fever, vomiting, diarrhoea, skin rashes, everything."
The pickers find the detritus of every stage of life: there are often corpses, but also wedding jewellery. No one is sure what will happen to them when the Ghazipur plant opens. Yadav, the official, says there should be about 100 jobs available, though few of these will go the pickers. A few dozen workers would be needed to extract plastic from the refuse but magnets will be used to extract metal waste.
Most jobs will be semi-skilled or technical and, unless they receive training, members of the largely illiterate local community are unlikely to be hired. "It is up to the contractors who they employ. We are not involved in the welfare of the [waste pickers]. There are some NGOs taking care of it. It is not our responsibility," they say.
Bharati Chaturvedi, director of Chintan, an NGO that runs a school for the waste pickers, said children would be sent to work elsewhere if the community lost its source of income. The waste pickers and their families live in cramped huts built with material taken from the tip, often 12 to a single room with no sanitation and a single standpipe. Electricity is illegally tapped from a mains cable. A few months ago a power line fell into the slum, causing a fire which destroyed scores of homes.
The scene may be miserable but for most waste pickers it is an improvement on their former living conditions. Most are from Midnapore, a rough, anarchic and desperately poor part of the Indian state of West Bengal. There they were landless labourers, living on the edge of starvation in a region torn by political and social strife. Like so many immigrants to Delhi, what they have now is better than what they left behind.
Some have even managed to save enough to open shops or small businesses and send their children to local schools. One waste picker stood – and lost – in local council elections.
"At least here we get on. It's a life, even if it's garbage. Back there we had nothing," Nur Mohammed, the veteran waste picker, says. "This plant will mean an end to all this."
The alleged source: Greg Hicks, the same State Department deputy whose jaw dropped when they heard Susan Rice equivocating about whether the consulate attack was pre-planned or not.
Who told SOCAFRICA they couldn't go to Benghazi?
The account from Gregory Hicks is in stark contrast to assertions from the Obama administration, which insisted that nobody was ever told to stand down and that all available resources were utilized. Hicks gave private testimony to congressional investigators last month in advance of their upcoming appearance at a congressional hearing Wednesday. According to excerpts released Monday, Hicks told investigators that SOCAFRICA commander Lt. Col. Gibson and their team were on their way to board a C-130 from Tripoli for Benghazi prior to an attack on a second U.S. compound “when [Col. Gibson] got a phone call from SOCAFRICA which said, ‘you can't go now, you don't have the authority to go now.' And so they missed the flight … They were told not to board the flight, so they missed it.”… “I believe if we had been able to scramble a fighter or aircraft or two over Benghazi as quickly as possible after the attack commenced, I believe there would not have been a mortar attack on the annex in the morning because I believe the Libyans would have split. They would have been scared to death that we would have gotten a laser on them and killed them,” Hicks testified. Two Americans died in the morning mortar attack.
More from Hicks via the Examiner:
“They were told not to board the flight, so they missed it,” Hicks added. “So, anyway, and yeah. I still remember Colonel Gibson, they said, ‘I have never been so embarrassed in my life that a State Department officer has bigger balls than somebody in the military.' A nice compliment.” They added that “at that time, the third attack, the mortar attack at 5:15, had not yet occurred, if I remember correctly.”… Hicks is certain that the special forces team was needed. “We fully intended for those guys to go, because we had already essentially stripped ourselves of our security presence, or our security capability to the bare minimum,” they said in the interview.
No way to know if Gibson's team had made it to the scene in time to save Doherty and Woods from the attack on the annex if they had received the order to leave promptly, but that's beside the point. The point, as Stephen Hayes notes, is that it was unclear at the time if the fighting was over, in which case there's no obvious reason to have them stand down. On the contrary, if Hicks is right about a threadbare security presence at the consulate — and we know from many, many revelations last fall that they are — then the White House had every reason to err on the side of sending extra military assets. When asked why that didn't happen, Hicks replied, “I guess they just didn't have the right authority from the right level.” Any theories as to why that might be? Remember, when Martin Dempsey testified three months ago as to why U.S. troops weren't sent to the scene, they said, “we never received a request for support from the State Department.” Hicks, who was Stevens's deputy at State, obviously thought support was needed. Who intervened above them to make sure the request wasn't sent?
Question: Are we to understand that it's official Obama administration policy not to intervene in attacks on U.S. diplomats unless intelligence on the ground is perfect, or near perfect? I ask because last year Panetta attempted to wave away all these concerns about troops not being sent to the consulate during the fighting on grounds that “you don't deploy forces into harm's way without knowing what's going on, without having some real-time information about what's taking place.” That logic, as applied to the “bare minimum” security presence at Benghazi, suggests that the White House decided to leave whoever was left on the ground at the consulate to fend for themselves while waiting for “help” from Libyan security so that it didn't have to take the political risk of another Mogadishu by sending American troops on a chaotic rescue mission. Is that what happened here? And is it uniform policy for diplomats in peril, or just ones who happen to come under attack two months before a presidential election?
Update: Any guesses as to whose fault it is that Benghazi hasn't gotten better coverage until now? Hint: It's not the media's, and it's certainly not the left's. C'mon, you know who.
comScore: Samsung and Apple syphon mobile market
There's no arguing that the mobile market is here for the duration and that it's Android and Apple's iOS that are dominating the field – this three-month-average comScore report shows that much clearly. What's not quite as clear is how two major manufacturers – Apple and Samsung – are swallowing up the market while LG, Motorola, and HTC (the other top three manufacturers in the market today) are dropping down. Oddly enough, it's not more than a point difference between months that've changed this month other than Apple – they being the only manufacturer to gain more than a single point of the % of mobile subscribers.
The charts this month show Samsung up top with an absolutely dominating 26.3% of the OEM market share, that being part of this study that's a 3 month average ending in October 2012. The chart you're seeing compares to a 3-month average ending in July of 2012, the point changes being compared therein. Also of note is the fact that this study is done on US Mobile Subscribers working not just with smartphones, but feature phones as well, and all of them 13 years of age or older. Not that there's a gigantic amount of 8 year old smartphone users out there, but still – keep that in mind.
The Samsung share here went up between periods just under 1 percentage point at 0.7 while Apple went up 1.5 points. Apple's share here sits at 17.8% and it's quite likely that their percentage went up largely because of the launch of the iPhone 5, but it's not entirely clear if those questioned were asked if they'd actually had their iPhone in-hand when asked – that could have a small but significant effect on the outcome of this test because of the amount of people that ordered the iPhone 5 at launch and had a brief waiting period in the three months this study takes place in (if they didn't have an iPhone before now, that is).
Meanwhile the LG, Motorola, and HTC shares have been going down, with LG in the lead for loss as well as market share at 17.6% after a loss of -0.8 points. Motorola's share this period sits at11% and HTC exists at the end of the list with 6%. Not included due to what we must assume is extremely low numbers is Nokia and RIM with BlackBerry.
Interestingly it does seem that RIM does exist in a low bot not nearly so insignificant place in the Top Smartphone Platforms list with 9.5% of the market to their name. Apple and Google (with Android) sit up top with a total 87.9% of the market to themselves, with 53.6% of the market belonging to Google and 34.3% of the market belonging to Apple. Meanwhile Microsoft is in 4th place with a tiny 3.2% of the market and Symbian (believe it or not) still exists on the list with a fabulous 0.6% of the market.
In the Smartphone Platform Market Share list it's also Apple and Google that are devouring the market bit by bit with Google going up by 1.4 points and Apple heading upward by 0.9 points. Meanwhile RIM took the biggest dive with a loss of 1.7 points and Microsoft and Symbian slipped by 0.4 points and 0.2 points respectively.
[via ComScore]
The math behind renters insurance
Andy Mai Blocked Unblock Follow Dec 1, 2016
Before I moved to my new place in Palo Alto last month, one of my close friends gave me this piece of advice: get renters insurance. They regretted not getting it after burglars broke into their apartment in the Bay Area and stole thousands of dollars worth of electronics and jewelries. Their personal experience persuaded me to research more into renters insurance, and here are my three surprising learnings that convinced me to get insured.
1. The price is worth it
Almost every blog post and insurance company claims that renters insurance is a small price to pay for large potential losses. But is it worth it? After all, insurance underwriters must have done their math to make sure they still make profits. I decided to crunch some numbers and answer the question myself.
Renters insurance covers your personal property, and the two most common perils are fire and theft. According to the FBI, there were 1,579,527 burglaries that took place in 2015, with an average of $2,316 in property loss per case[1]. In the same year, there were 1,345,500 cases of residential fires, with an average loss of $20,700 in property damage per incident[2]. That number includes both structural and property loss, so let's assume each fire incident will destroy $10,000 worth of your property. There were also 124.6 million households in 2015.
With these numbers in hand, we can calculate our expected monthly losses for burglary and fire accidents.
Since burglary and fire accidents don't happen in the same frequency, we need to weight the two expected monthly losses. The final number comes out to be $10.12. This amount represents the monthly insurance premium for which we'll break even from our expected losses from fires and burglaries alone.
It turns out the average renter insurance cost around $12 per month, and it includes much more coverage than just fire and burglaries[3]. Liabilities, medical expenses, and other protections will bring the expected monthly cost much closer to $12. So mathematically, getting renters insurance is a smart decision.
What's in it for insurance companies to offer renters insurance then?
It turns out insurance companies can still make money even if the margin on renters insurance is low. The first way is to make you become their customer so they can sell you other products like auto insurance, which has much higher premium. Another way is to invest the premiums that they have collected. Insurance companies receive a steady inflow of money and only need to pay out when an accident happens in the future, giving them capital to loan out and earn interests in the meantime.
2. You have more stuff than you realize
Between electronics, jewelries, clothes, kitchenwares, and other valuables, you probably own much more than you think. According to USAA, an average renter has $20,000 in possession. Allstate has it even higher at $30,000[4].
It's also important to note that the items we lose are depreciated, but we usually purchase brand-new replacements. So you will most likely end up spending more money to buy the replacements than the actual value you lost. Fortunately, renters insurance is usually on a replacement cost basis, so you will be reimbursed on the amount that you spent to purchase the replacements.
3. It offers liability coverage
Perhaps the most overlooked — and important — part of renters insurance is the liability coverage. Whereas personal property coverage insures things that you own, liability coverage insures any bodily injury or property damage to others caused by you. Examples include someone slipping and falling in your home, your dog biting a guest, etc. While these incidents happen much less frequently than fires and burglaries, they can easily cost you a fortune in loss settlements and potentially wipe out your bank account. As a reference, the average dog bite settlement was $32,072 in 2014. The number is even higher in California at $33,649[5].
A typical renters insurance policy will cover you up to $100,000 in settlements and legal fees. Your insurance company is also obligated to hire lawyers and defend you in court.
Ready to get renters insurance?
Check out this blog post on learnings and tips from my journey of getting renters insurance. I also have a tool that will get you quotes from the top insurance carriers near you, rentersinsurancetool.com.
For any questions about this blog post or renters insurance in general, feel free to email me at rentersinsurancetool@gmail.com.
References
[1]:https://ucr.fbi.gov/crime-in-the-u.s/2015/crime-in-the-u.s.-2015/offenses-known-to-law-enforcement/burglary
[2]:http://www.nfpa.org/news-and-research/fire-statistics-and-reports/fire-statistics/fires-in-the-us/overall-fire-problem/fire-loss-in-the-united-states
[3]:http://www.moneytalksnews.com/5-myths-renters-insurance/
[4]:http://www.bankrate.com/finance/insurance/how-much-renters-insurance.aspx
[5]:http://www.insurancejournal.com/news/national/2015/05/15/368180.htm
Liverpool plans to confirm Jürgen Klopp's appointment as manager by the end of the week after the German coach indicated they will accept the club's offer to move to Anfield.
Klopp's recruitment now looks a formality with negotiations expected to be completed over the next few days. The former Borussia Dortmund manager has no qualms about working within the existing club structure and it is understood that they will sign a three‑year deal. It is expected that they will head to Merseyside in the next 48 hours for further negotiations , with an announcement possible as soon as Friday.
The Liverpool owners, Fenway Sports Group, are moving swiftly to secure Klopp, twice a Bundesliga winner as coach, to ensure that they have a week to prepare for the next Premier League fixture with Tottenham Hotspur.
Klopp, 48, did not disguise their eagerness to discuss the position and they have long been seen as FSG'S prototype manager. They were their dream choice on taking over the club as far back as 2010 but Klopp was out of their reach as they enjoyed their peak spell in German football. Liverpool wanted them again when Kenny Dalglish was dismissed in 2012 but were frustrated as Klopp remained loyal to Dortmund.
Their availability now is undoubtedly a key reason for the departure of Brendan Rodgers so soon into this campaign. There was a realisation that a manager of Klopp's calibre would not be on the market for long, with numerous clubs pursuing him. The appreciation is mutual, with Klopp having made it clear that Liverpool were one of the few clubs that could tempt them to end a year's sabbatical. This helped to focus minds; Liverpool had to grasp the nettle.
Liverpool's players return to training today, overseen by coaches Gary McAllister and Sean O'Driscoll. Having been appointed by Rodgers last summer, the staff face an uncertain future as they wait to see if there is any job for them following another overhaul.
• Rodgers's sacking by Liverpool is sad if you care about British football
Klopp will be allowed to hire their own backroom team comprising those who worked with them in Dortmund. They are likely to include Peter Krawietz, who was Klopp's assistant at the Westfalenstadion and the Bosnian Zeljko Buvac.
Liverpool do not want their academy to be affected by the managerial changes, however. Alex Inglethorpe, whom Rodgers appointed to oversee the youth structure, has been informed that their job is not under review. It remains to be seen if they decide to stay following their friend's departure, but Liverpool cannot afford further instability in their junior ranks.
The Anfield hierarchy must also decide whether to take the opportunity to reintroduce one of their modern legends to the coaching staff. Steven Gerrard and Jamie Carragher were expected to be offered positions once they stopped playing for Liverpool but none materialised.
• How Germany reacted to Liverpool's Klopp move
Although Carragher has media commitments, Gerrard's first season at LA Galaxy ends in December (at the latest). They were offered the chance to train back at Anfield once the North American season ends but that was under Rodgers.
Now there is a chance to discuss the possibility of a back-room role for the former captain. Gerrard would have a decision to make early in their LA career if Klopp was receptive to the idea of them completing their coaching education back on home turf.
• What Klopp can do with the players they inherit at Liverpool
A combination of continental wisdom and local knowledge has served Liverpool well in the past. The partnership of Gérard Houllier and Phil Thompson maintained the club's identity at the start of the millennium, while the Rafa Benítez era was at its best when the Spanish tactician had a Scouse heart and soul with them both on the pitch – in Gerrard and Carragher – and their most trusted advisers were connected to the city.
Rodgers, meanwhile, left England for a break in Spain to recover from the disappointment of losing their job. They released a statement courtesy of the League Managers Association thanking Liverpool for giving them a chance to work at Anfield. “I am, of course, incredibly disappointed to be leaving Liverpool,” Rodgers said.
“It has been both an honour and a privilege to manage one of the game's great clubs for the last three years. I expect to see them continue to grow and develop over the coming weeks and I wish them and my successor well for the rest of the season. Liverpool has a magnificent football heritage and I have nothing but respect and admiration for the history, tradition and values that make the city and the club so exceptional.
• Why Liverpool are determined to stand by their transfer 'committee'
“As well as my players, I would like to thank everyone connected with the club; Fenway Sports Group, the Liverpool directors, in particular Ian Ayre, my coaching staff, the staff throughout the club, the volunteers, the academy staff and its young players and of course the amazing Liverpool fans for their unwavering support, passion and dedication, which has made my time at the club so special.
“Finally, I would like to give a special mention to John W. Henry, Tom Werner and Mike Gordon. They gave me this great opportunity and, even though we will no longer be working together, I am sure our relationship and friendship will continue into the future.”
Tolga-based blacksmith and artist Hans Pehl had a special interest in the restoration project.
A trophy gun captured on the Western Front nearly 100 years ago has undergone a dramatic restoration by a handful of far north Queensland craftsmen.
The German trench mortar was captured during World War I by the Australian Imperial Force 41st Battalion, with many of its troops hailing from the Atherton Tablelands.
The gun was one of 15 trench mortars decommissioned, transported to Australia and presented to towns throughout the country.
The Irvinebank community was awarded its gun in 1921.
Initially a proud showpiece for the once prosperous mining town, it became a rusted relic after years of neglect.
Relic restoration reveals local talent
Since being awarded a $23,600 Queensland ANZAC Centenary grant last year, heritage specialist Gordon Grimwade has managed a local crew of craftsmen including German-born artist and blacksmith Hans Pehl.
"[Hans] worked on stripping it back, recoating it with protective coats for its long-term preservation," Mr Grimwade said.
"He put a lot of effort and energy into it because it was a German gun."
Wheelwright Tony Giltrap, machinist Bob Barnes along with Wilkinson Springworks also replicated the gun's original wheels, which had proved a stumbling block until a moment of serendipity.
Mr Grimwade visited France earlier this year to explore the Western Front for an unrelated World War I research project and came back with photographs that were the basis of the wheel design.
"It was coincidental really … you walk into a museum and you stumble over one of these guns complete with a wheel and you go 'Wow! That's what I need'," they said.
"It gave us a really good idea because when you look at the photographs of what it was like originally, you sort of scratch your head and say 'What the devil are we going to do?'."
'A bit of a lark' offers moment for reflection
Mr Grimwade tracked down an old photograph from the Imperial War Museum of four German soldiers lugging a similar trench mortar to the frontlines of battle.
With the help of three locals, they recreated the scene for "a bit of a lark" but it also gave them an appreciation for the horrors of war.
"It's about 2-metres wide and it weighed about 400 kilos," they said.
"Pulling something like that through a battlefield — you've got bullets and bombs whizzing around, and then the muddy trenches over there and the conditions they were in — it would've been pretty horrific.
"We didn't have 303s [rifles], we didn't have German uniforms but we had a good time recreating a photograph from 100 years ago."
In almost-perfect working order
The reconstructed gun was unveiled in Irvinebank today in all but complete working order; the only thing it cannot do is fire.
Mr Grimwade said this reconditioned gun was rare, others throughout Australia are lying derelict, and that it was important to preserve Australia's military history.
"Military aspects might not be a favourite feature for most people but they're a part of the reality of life," they said.
"We've been able to preserve [this gun] for people in the future to see what the military hardware was like."
Irvinebank has a strong military tradition and was home to Victoria Cross winner Harry Dalziel, the 1,000th serviceman to receive the highest award for military gallantry and Monica O'Callaghan, who served as a nurse in World War I.
In the original pitch for Impractical Jokers, the team wanted to have none other than Star Trek: The Next Generation, X-Men, and Royal Shakespeare Company alumnus Patrick Stewart provide the voiceover narration for the show. As fans are aware, it didn't work out — but it was a pretty inspired idea.
Murr shared the curious note during the "Ask A Joker" web chat following the final episode of the fourth season. "When we first created the show, we wanted the narrator to be Patrick Stewart, and we wanted them to hate us," they revealed. "Like, he'd introduce every challenge like, 'These d—- are at it again! Let's see if they screw up another time!'"
Instead of getting Stewart's dulcet tones yelling the boys down — which, let's face it, probably would've been more distracting than anything — they ended up with the tag-team duo of Drew Patterson and Bill St. James, the underappreciated glue that holds the freewheeling show together.
Stewart did end up making an appearance in the show in a roundabout way, however — or at least their visage did. During the premiere of the fifth season, the guys headed out to New York's Madame Tussauds wax museum, with Sal scoring a shot with Jean-Luc himself. They seem a little distant.
'There is no better source of ethical insight than the novels of Tolstoy, Dostoevsky, George Eliot, Jane Austen, Henry James, and the other great realists. ' If this were true, we would expect poor illiterate people to be less capable of ethical insight and empathy than well read people- more particularly those who have spent a lot of money attending Prof Morson's lectures. There was a view, in the Nineteenth Century, that the suffrage should be restricted to educated people from the class represented and addressed by the 'great realist novels' of the Nineteenth Century. However, this 'bildungsburgertum' proved bad flight attendants of the Economy. Jane Austen's readers were comfortable with slavery on the West Indian plantations which supplied their wealth. It was perfectly possible to read Tolstoy and Doestoevsky while firmly believing that the backwardness and anarchic inclinations of the Russian peasants and lower order of townsfolk meant that autocracy was inevitable. Even Henry James- an American- showed little sympathy for the poorer classes in England. Princess Cassamassima shows little faith in the intelligent working man's ability to support socially beneficial political change rather than plunge into anarchic terrorism.
There were some novelists- Balzac most notably- who were acute observers of the Economic scene. At a later point, some authors made a systematic study of Economic and Social conditions and wrote books and plays which advanced a progressive agenda. Bernard Shaw and H.G Wells are examples. The former played a big role in the creation of the L.S.E which in turn gave a boost to a new type of Econometric research.
There are good economists who have used rational choice hermeneutics to illumine literature. Robert Aumann, a Nobel laureate, has shown how the Talmud applied Game theory. But there is no evidence that Economists with a good knowledge of Literature- like Amartya Sen- make better policy prescriptions as a result. On the contrary, literary culture can go hand in hand with an elitist attitude which considers only 'top down' measures to be feasible.
Do Economists think they 'have nothing to learn from anyone'? No, they seek to increase their debt to Pure Mathematics, to Statistical Physics, and to paradigms from Evolutionary Biology.
The truth is, the type of Operations Research associated with a Planned Economy- such as the US and the UK used during the Second World war- did make lives better for ordinary people because such applied mathematical techniques enabled a better use of scarce resources.
There was a type of 'Historical' or 'Institutionalist' Economics which gave a higher place to Literature as developing 'Verstehen'. However, it was useless. When applied to developing countries like India, it made terrible policy prescriptions and painted a gloomy picture.
For every design, we probably think which colors to use, as colors are one of the most important elements in visual communication. A web designer usually starts with a color and needs the variations of that color for hover, borders, gradients, etc. while designing/styling an element.
In order to be stable for the overall of the design, while choosing color variants, picking them from the same levels is a much better way compared to just guessing using the color picker of our image editing software.
In this article we have gathered 18 best web color pickers, palettes and scheme generators which will help designers to create some visually stunning and eye-catching web designs. We hope you will like the list of useful color tools for your upcoming projects. Enjoy !!
1. WebSafe Colors
There are still a lot of web developers that like to design with a simple palette – the hex values are easy to memorize and the palette is still large enough for typical stuff like link colors and borders. Web Safe Colors was created for those who like to keep things simple. A lot of web designers still use web safe colors in their designs so here is a little responsive website as a visual and quick reference guide. It's great because you can have it open on your tablet or mobile device while you design.
2. Colllor
Colllor will let you find the exact value of darker shades of any color, not just something that ‘looks darker'. That will be a huge step towards professionally looking color combinations. And also, you can use plain English or Hex color names.
3. Color Thief
Color Thief is a script for grabbing the dominant color or color palette from an image. Uses Javascript and the canvas tag to make it happen. This script could be useful for sites that sort and search by color. With Color Thief you can also build a UI that adapts to the colors of an image. For example, you could add color accents to the UI by changing the font or border color depending on what image is currently being displayed in your portfolio.
4. HSL Color Picker
HSL (Hue, Saturation, Luminosity) allows us to describe meaningful relationships between colors. Give this brown color, hsl(36, 73%, 10%), it's clear that if we desaturate 40 steps and lighten 70 steps we get hsl(36, 33%, 80%), a cream color. HSL Color Picker can help you with this. In graphics software, it feels more natural to work with HSB (Hue, Saturation, Brightness) than RGB or CMYK. Now, with CSS3 we can use HSL which is actually quite different than HSB. Without a decent HSL color picker, it's difficult to understand.
5. JavaScript ColorPicker
JavaScript ColorPicker is a light weight all-rounder (only ~46k incl. all 16 files) that can display and let you choose the entire color palette (~16.78 mil. colors) in 6 different color modes (+3 extra modes in RGB). This highly customizable and easy to install app comes in 4 different sizes (from 151 x 87 pixels to 405 x 302 pixels) and therefore different feature levels so you can use it for every supposable cause from ‘easy choice' to ‘professional determination'. That's probably all you'll ever need to let your clients choose the right color.
6. 0to255
0to255 is a simple tool that helps web designers find lighter and darker colors based on any color. 0to255 cures your color manipulation woes. It's fun, simple, and a huge time-saver. Simply pick the color that you want to start with and 0to255 gives you a range of colors from black to white using an interval optimized for web design. Then, just click the variation you want to use and the hex code is automatically copied to your clipboard.
7. Colorcode
Colourcode is one which offers a very original-yet-easy way of creating them. The color schemes are generated with the mouse location/movements and multiple options exist for setting the scheme type: monochrome (with light/dark grey), analogic, triad and more. Once created, it can be downloaded as styles (.less and .scss) or .png. It is also possible to save the palette for future use or share with a link.
8. Web Color Data
Web Colour Data is a web service to easily find out “which colors are used on a web page”. It works by simply submitting a URL and the service auto-extracts + analyzes the colors in it. The color palette is presented with a breakdown in percentages and hue distribution. Also, it is a good source of color inspiration as palettes used in many popular websites are displayed as well.
9. iWantHue
iWantHue is a web-based color palette generator that provides powerful settings for finding the colors that play well with each other. It works by defining a range of hues, chroma +lightness and the app can return a palette of any size instantly. The palettes are provided in multiple formats (RGB or HEX, as a list or JSON) and, also, there are also presets to create faster. iWantHue is open source and anyone can use it to create palettes with only JavaScript.
10. Check My Colours
Check My Colours is a free-to-use web application for analyzing the color contrasts used on a web page. It checks the foreground and background color combinations of all DOM elements and lets us know if they have enough contrast when viewed by someone having color deficits. Once a URL is submitted, it lists all the elements + their contrast levels and marks any problematic elements. Also, it allows us to play with their colors online to find the right color.
11. Color Wizard
The Color Wizard lets you submit your own base color, and it automatically returns matching colors for the one you selected. It returns a set of hue, saturation and tint/shade variations of your color, as well as suggests color schemets to you, based on your color's complementary color, split complementary colors, analogous colors and other variations. The Color Wizard also has a randomize function that lets you generate color schemes you might not have thought of on your own.
12. Copaso
COLOURlovers, an impressive website/community focused on colors, is sharing a handy tool named COPASO. The tool is a web-based color palette generator for creating palettes and saving them for future use. COPASO allows you to pick the colors from a color wheel or upload an image, optionally pixelate it, and grab from there. There is a built-in search to find colors and palettes generated by the community with a sorting feature using various parameters.
13. Coloreminder
Coloreminder is a free web tool that aims to help web designers find the variations of any given color quickly. It displays a list of colors where you can choose from or you can simply use the color-picker to select (paste) a color. Once selected and submitted, the website displays you the variations and other color options (invert, greyscale, complementary, etc.).
14. Colorotate
ColoRotate is a free web-based service that helps to work with colors in 3D, in real time & offers an unique experience. Using the application, you can quickly see the multidimensional nature of colors and the relationships between colors. With ColoRotate, you can create color palettes & save them. Its quick drag-and-drop interface to adjust hue, brightness & saturation helps you customize the colors with ease. And, palettes created can be imported & exported in Adobe Swatch Exchange (ASE).
15. Twitter Bootstrap Datepicker and Colorpicker
Datepicker for Bootstrap can let you add datepicker picker to field or to any other element. It supports formats: dd, d, mm, m, yyyy, yy, with separators: -, /, .
Colorpicker for Bootstrap can let you add color picker to text field or to any other element. It can be used as a component on Bootstrap. It supports multiple formats: hex, rgb, rgba, hsl, hsla.
16. Color Zilla
ColorZilla is an impressive Firefox plugin that assists web developers and graphic designers with color related tasks. A built-in eyedopper can get the color of any pixel and a color-picker helps to play with colors instantly. Picked colors can be added to the plugin's palette viewer/editor. Also, generated or sampled colors can be auto-copied in CSS RGB, Hex and other formats which is handy to paste them into image editing apps.
17. Pictaculous
Pictaculous is a free web-based service which generates the color palette of an image you upload. And, it provides color palette suggestions from Adobe Kuler & Colourlovers which can be used with the image. Once the color palette is created, it can be downloaded as an Adobe Swatch file. Pictaculous also enables you to send the image & get results via e-mail(which is nice for using the service in phones).
18. Color Palette Generator
Color Pallete Generator is a free web-based application that is creates the color palette of an uploaded image. It supports .PNG, .GIF, .JPG, .JPEG images & creates 4 levels of palettes: light, medium, dark, complete. The generator also prepares the related files for CSS & Photoshop swatches of the color palette created.
Two is coincidence, three is suspicious, and more than three is a pattern...
It's been some time since I have blogged about the suspicious deaths of so many "holistic doctors", and it's time to do so once again, for there has been another sad addition to the list. But I want to do so today in the context of an old and familiar thesis. We'll get back to that in a moment. For now, what has intrigued me for some time is that there seem to have been four "waves" of "mysterious deaths", or perhaps it is better to say, "four types or classes" of mysterious deaths:
1) During the 1980s and on into the 1990s, there was a wave of deaths of physicists, many of whom appeared to be working directly for government(s), or corporations, involved with President Ronald Reagan's "Strategic Defense Initiative". These deaths prompted some to speculate that these deaths were being caused by the Soviets, to deny the project the "brainpower" that might make it work;
2) During the 1990s and on past the millenium, there was a wave of deaths of genetic and biological/medical researchers, again, many of them working for universities, corporations, or directly for the government, in areas that would directly connect to bioweaponry (and defenses thereto). Again, these deaths caused many to speculate that someone wanted them very dead, though with the expiration of the Soviet Union, the speculation tended to focus on shadowy private international organizations;
3) During more recent years the deaths of bankers, with people walking (or being thrown) off of rooftops, jumping in front of trains, being shot, and so on. Again, this led to speculation, and regular readers here know that I have indulged in it in that connection. My own personal view is that these deaths have something to do with my hypothesized hidden system of finance, and possibly also with high frequency trading, artificial intelligence, and so on;
4) And finally, of course, running almost concurrently with the suspicious deaths of bankers, we have also seen several highly suspicious deaths of "holistic doctors," and again, the speculations have been running amok. Mr. V.T. shared this article covering many of these deaths (copy and paste into your browser: https://www.healthnutnews.com/recap-on-my-unintended-series-the-holistic-doctor-deaths/ )
Ms. K.F. sent this article along detailing the latest suspicious death of holistic medicine researcher Ann Boroch (copy and paste into your browser: http://yournewswire.com/holistic-author-death-research/ )
There are several things here that caught my eye, for in some cases these things transcend the pattern of this or that "wave" outlined above, and are found as common elements across all four types: for example, Ms. Boroch's death was ruled a suicide, while their family (who should know) simply dispute this verdict. If one scans the other three types of "death waves", one will inevitably encounter similar examples. Secondly, and much more importantly, Ms. Boroch's research was "scrubbed from the internet," the implication being that this was the motivation for them having been "suicided." Again, if one snoops around long enough in the other "waves" of dead physicists, biological-medical researchers, or bankers, one will find suggestions of "things" or "files" or "papers" missing, or at least, of people that by the nature of the case had access to such things.
That's an interesting, intriguing, list: physicists and engineers; biologists, geneticists, virologists, and so on; bankers; and, finally, holistic doctors. And it's an intriguing progression, beginning at one end - physicists and engineers - and ending at the other end with holistic doctors (if, indeed, they are the end). If one considers - in today's high octane speculation - just the biologist.geneticist-holistic doctors angle, it would certainly seem to suggest that someone, somewhere, is eliminating people that might have some sort of ability to engineer and to treat diseases and pathogens.
But what happens when one views this strange list and all four "waves" and "types" whole? What picture may result? Well, here your hypothesis is as good as mine, but my guess is that we are looking at four manifestations of what Mr. Richard Dolan has called the "breakaway civilization." Mr. Dolan originally made their observations in connection to the UFO phenomenon and the black projects world. Their point was that given enough money, and enough time, new and very exotic technologies - primarily in the realm of physics and engineering - would result in a very small group on this planet having access to technologies that are far in advance of the vast amount of people on the planet, including even military people who think they're on the "cutting edge." I suspect that the same factor is in play with medicine, biological weapons, and their defenses. And part and parcel of this "breakaway civilization" would be the need to monitor any public developments that might hint at or suggest different scientific or engineering paradigms as are available publicly, across the board, from physics to... yes... medicine, particularly if those paradigms threaten the existing financial structure. Stop and think about that for a moment. If one has, say, a technology able to access and utilize zero point energy, what happens to the financial system if that technology were suddenly unleashed on the world? The financial system would collapse. Similarly, what if one had a medical technology able to cure all types of cancers, cheaply, without the need for expansive big pharma drugs, harmful radiation, and so on? The financial system, of which the "cure-is-as-bad-as-the-disease-and-three-times-as-expensive-medical-industry" is a large component, would collapse, the more so because socialized "medicine" is found just about everywhere. And this high octane speculation might, just might also explain why holistic doctors have joined the list of unfortunate people being suicided...
... like the unfortunate Ms. Boroch...
... whose research has apparently conveniently disappeared...
See you on the flip side...
If you're still on the fence about buying an iPad, here's one more reason to get one: It will entertain your cat.
Friskies, the Purina cat food brand, has rolled out three iPad-based games for kitties — Cat Fishing, Tasty Treasures Hunt and Party Mix-Up! The video above shows cats “playing” the games. In case you think this is a joke, Friskies is quite serious. The games were created using HTML5/CSS3 and they work on other tablet formats, like Android, too.
Friskies isn't the first to launch an iPad game for cats though. There are a few others out there, but Friskies is the first one from a pet food brand.
The new app shows what lengths previously low-profile brands like Friskies have to go to these days to create social media chatter. In 2009, for instance, the brand introduced The Scratchington Post, a forum for cat videos, and introduced a sculpture of a cat made of cheese at SXSW.
The air was cold, but there was no wind. A fresh blanket of snow covered the ground, as well as the trees along the wooded path. Ruby walked through the snow, wondering how there was snow underground- or trees, for that matter. Looking up, they couldn't see a ceiling- only blackness. So where was the light coming from?
The cavern seemed to stretch for miles in all directions, except for the cliff face behind them and the door that led back to the Ruins. Ruby shook their head and kept walking, drawing their cloak around them for warmth.
They went through the path for several minutes. A loud snapping noise shattered the tranquility, causing Ruby to turn their head toward the source of the noise. A large tree branch that was sitting in the path had been broken in half, but there were no footprints around it. Ruby turned around slowly and kept going, weighed down by the feeling of being watched. Them hand drifted down to their scythe.
They came to a large chasm in the road spanned by a wooden bridge. Four wooden posts stood on the other side, far enough apart for them to walk through. As they were looking, they started to hear footsteps behind them
They turned around to look, but there was nobody there. The footprints kept coming closer, but they were still behind them No matter which way they turned, they couldn't pinpoint the source- they always seemed to be behind them Finally they stopped.
"Human."
Ruby immediately turned around at the voice speaking behind her, pulling out Crescent Rose and pointing it toward the speaker, who held up their hands and grinned. "hey, woah, easy." said a baritone voice.
Ruby's stalker appeared to be nothing but a skeleton. They were short and stout, wearing a blue hoodie over a white shirt, their hands ending in bony fingers. Black shorts revealed bony legs and white slip-on shoes. Their face had a big, silly grin, and tiny white lights glowed in their eye sockets. Ruby relaxed and put away their weapon; their days of playing video games had taught them that skeletons were among the least dangerous of monsters. "Don't scare me like that!" they said.
The skeleton chuckled and put their hands in their pockets. "sorry 'bout that. i was just messin' with ya." They held out their hand. "hey, don't you know how to greet a new pal?" Ruby stepped forward and shook their hand. A wet farting noise filled the air, and the skeleton laughed. "heh, the old whoopee cushion in the hand trick. it's always funny. anyways, you're a human, right? that's hilarious. i'm sans, sans the skeleton."
"I'm Ruby Rose." Ruby said. They were starting to like this guy.
"ruby, huh?" Sans responded. "i gotcha. i'm actually supposed to be on guard for humans right now. but, uh, i don't care about capturing anybody. now, my brother, papyrus, he's a human-hunting fanatic."
Sans looked past Ruby and narrowed their eye sockets. Their grin never faltered. "hey, actually i think that's them over there. i have an idea, go through this gate thingy." They gestured to the four posts on the other side of the bridge. "yeah, go on through. my brother made the bars too wide to stop anyone." Sans led Ruby across the bridge before putting out their hand to stop them "hang on, papyrus is coming. quick, behind that conveniently-shaped lamp."
They gestured to a lamp standing in the snow to their left. Its shape was, for some inscrutable reason, a perfect profile of Ruby's silhouette when they stood still. They stepped behind it and held their position, and before they had time to contemplate the existence of this incredibly conveniently-shaped lamp, another skeleton ran into the clearing. They were much taller than Sans, and skinnier. They wore a white and orange suit of armor, as well as a grouchy expression.
Sans kept grinning. "sup, bro?"
Papyrus scowled. "YOU KNOW WHAT'S "SUP", BROTHER!" they yelled. "IT'S BEEN EIGHT DAYS AND YOU STILL HAVEN'T RECALIBRATED YOUR PUZZLES! YOU JUST HANG AROUND OUTSIDE YOUR STATION! WHAT ARE YOU EVEN DOING?"
Sans shrugged. "staring at this lamp. it's really cool. you wanna look?"
Ruby froze. Was Sans ratting them out? But Papyrus shook their head. "NO! I DON'T HAVE TIME FOR THAT! WHAT IF A HUMAN COMES THROUGH HERE?" They stamped their foot as they ranted. "I WILL BE THE ONE! I MUST BE THE ONE! I WILL CAPTURE A HUMAN!" Papyrus struck a dramatic pose, their red scarf fluttering in the wind. "THEN I, THE GREAT PAPYRUS, WILL GET ALL THE THINGS I UTTERLY DESERVE! RESPECT, RECOGNITION… I WILL FINALLY BE ABLE TO JOIN THE ROYAL GUARD! PEOPLE WILL ASK TO BE MY "FRIEND"? I WILL BATHE IN A SHOWER OF KISSES EVERY MORNING!" They blushed despite their lack of blood.
Sans looked knowingly toward the lamp. "hmm… maybe this lamp will help you."
"SANS!" Papyrus yelled. "YOU ARE NOT HELPING! ALL YOU DO IS SIT AND BOONDOGGLE! YOU GET LAZIER AND LAZIER EVERY DAY!"
"hey, i've gotten a ton of work done today." Sans responded. "a skele-ton." An image of Yang floated through Ruby's mind as they let out a slow sigh through their nose.
"SANS!" Papyrus was clearly trying to hide the grin forming on the corners of their mouth.
Sans seemed to notice it too. "hey, come on, you're smiling."
"I AM AND I HATE IT!" Papyrus admitted. Then they just sighed. "WHY DOES SOMEONE AS GREAT AS ME HAVE TO DO SO MUCH TO GET SOME RECOGNITION…"
Sans leaned against a tree. "wow, sounds like you're really working yourself… down to the bone." They winked and held out their arms to both made a mental note to never introduce their sister to Sans.
"SAMS! I'VE HAD ENOUGH OF THIS! I'M LEAVING." Papyrus prepared to storm off before turning back around. "AND AS FOR YOUR WORK, TRY TO PUT A LITTLE MORE… BACKBONE INTO IT!" They walked off, laughing maniacally.
Sans turned back to the lamp. "ok, you can come out now." As Ruby stepped out from behind the lamp, Sans winked. "you might want to hurry. if they come back, you'll have to sit through more of my hilarious jokes. actually, there was something i wanted to ask you."
Ruby turned back to Sans. "Yeah, what is it?"
They stepped a little closer. "my brother's been kinda down lately. he's never met a human before, and seeing you might just make their day. so, uh, if you could 'run into him', i'd really appreciate it."
Ruby nodded. "Sure, I can do that." Seeing Sans caring about Papyrus like this reminded Ruby of how protective Yang was of them Them mind flashed back to the time Yang tried to bake cookies for the two of them after a particularly bad day. They came out horribly overcooked, and Yang said the whole plan "crashed and burned."
"thanks, ruby. i'll go on ahead. don't worry, papyrus isn't dangerous… even if they try to be." Sans turned around and walked back over the bridge the way they had come, disappearing into the treeline.
Ruby pulled their hood up and continued the path near the trees, another golden light just like the one in front of Toriel's house glowed invitingly; a SAVE point. Ruby touched it, and the familiar warm feeling washed over her, before they stepped into the forest proper.
The young International architecture office zU-studio proposes a new triangle-structure for the New York Liberty Museum to create the right atmosphere to welcome visitors and to invite them to think and reflect about freedom.
Architect: zU-studio
Location: New York, USA
Year: 2016
Project's description: FREEDOM is the ability to decide consciously, honestly, authentically and with integrity how we want to act in every moment, without being controlled or constrained by any other person or circumstance. Sometimes we can even become prisoners of our own thoughts and memories. Human beings experience freedom through three different channels: Body, Mind and Spirit. When we find the right balance between these three elements we are closer to awareness, consciousness and inner peace. These feelings are directly related to love, both individual love and collective love. Consciousness is an essential state for a human being to experience individual freedom. Compassion, comprehension, tolerance and respect are the necessary ingredients for humanity to develop as a society.
Our proposal aims to create the right atmosphere to welcome visitors and to invite them to think and reflect about freedom. How do they experience freedom, and how can they help build free communities in their own environment.
The EQUILATERAL TRIANGLE is, in mathematics, the symbol of ideal proportions. In geometry, an equilateral triangle is a triangle in which all the three sides are equal. Sexuality, gender and race equality will be represented by the triangular building .
TWO ARCS embrace as symbol of unity, compassion and engagement . The main structure of the building will be established by these two arcs, which will connect the different parts of the program through the spiral ramps. The space generated within the arcs will be the heart of the project: the awareness space, where the most impressive exhibitions and performances will take place. This is the place where all the visitors will be invited to think about the concept and the real meaning of freedom through the different activities.
The program will be divided in three parts: Body, Mind, Spirit.
The Body part will host workshops, exhibitions, lectures, yoga/meditation sessions, dancing lessons… It will invite people to explore and experiment with their bodies.
The Mind part will create a space for discussion, debates, and expression of ideas and thoughts through different mediums .
The Spirit part will create a peaceful, quiet space for people to connect with themselves on a deeper level. The idea of verticality will be represented through a big chimney that will emanate peace, love and respect rather than polluting substances .
The program is spread into three different floors. The ground floor is open and transparent on all the three sides of the triangle. The Project proposes to create a public plaza to welcome visitors as they arrive to the Island by boat. The main entrance will be in the corner facing this new public square. The reception and an information point, a café with unique views of Manhattan, a shop and a library will complete the distribution of this floor. On the first and second floor, the program will include different exhibition spaces and an auditorium. The rooftop will be open to the public and will be an important part of the building with impressive views of the Statue of Liberty , Manhattan and New Jersey.
Moving through the building will be interesting because of the diversity of paths the visitor can take. The central ramps will connect all the different spaces, but the spaces will be also connected through a perimetral route. The experience of the visitors will be well organized but at the same time completely unpredictable and full of surprises. People will discover new paths, new visuals, new relations between spaces as they walk through/around the building.
By DAVID CRARY, Associated Press
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Democratic National Convention is a watershed event for America's gay rights movement, which never before has been embraced so warmly by a major political party.
There's a platform endorsing same-sex marriage, a roster of speakers that includes three gay members of Congress, and a record number of gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender delegates hailing from all 50 states — 486 in all, more than 8 percent of the total.
"We've been an underrepresented demographic in politics for a long time," said Jerame Davis of National Stonewall Democrats, a gay-rights affiliate of the party. "Finally seeing us appropriately represented is just a thrill."
The large role for gays and lesbians is a striking contrast with last week's Republican convention, which ratified a platform opposing gay-rights priorities and was attended by perhaps a few dozen openly gay delegates. It also shows how far the Democrats have evolved since Bill Clinton, now a staunch supporter of same-sex marriage, signed a bipartisan bill in 1996 defining marriage as a one-man, one-woman union.
President Barack Obama took office in 2009 as a self-described "fierce advocate" for gay rights, yet for much of their first term they drew flak from impatient activists. They were frustrated that they wouldn't endorse same-sex marriage and wanted them to move faster to enable gays and lesbians to serve openly in the military.
The military's "don't ask, don't tell" policy was repealed a year ago, and in May the president completed what they had called a personal "evolution" by endorsing gay marriage. Within days of that announcement, previously reticent gay donors pumped several million dollars into Obama's campaign fund, and their backing from the gay-rights groups has been enthusiastic ever since.
The Democrats' convention in Charlotte, N.C., this week serves as a celebration by those groups and their supporters, many of whom thronged into gay-oriented events on Tuesday. They were looking forward to speeches from three gay Democrats in the House — Reps. Jared Polis of Colorado, Barney Frank of Massachusetts and Tammy Baldwin of Wisconsin, who is campaigning to become the first openly gay U.S. senator.
Polis, who introduced themselves as a gay father, was one of several speakers during the opening session to evoke the party's newly formalized support for same-sex marriage.
"The America that I believe in ... is one in which loving familes of all forms are respected and celebrated as the backbone of society," they said, "Diversity is America's strength."
The convention marks the first time that goals were set for each state delegation in regard to how many LGBT delegates they should include. According to the Stonewall Democrats, 38 delegations met or exceeded their goal, and three states - Alaska, Arkansas and Mississippi - have openly gay delegates for the first time.
Davis acknowledged that 8 percent of the delegates might seem like an overrepresentation of gays and lesbians, given that many experts believe their share of the adult U.S. population is less than half that figure. But Davis argued that the delegate share accurately reflected gays' importance to the Democratic Party in terms of financial support and voter loyalty.
Robert Loevy, a political science professor at Colorado College, agreed that the large LGBT contingent made political sense even it prompted a backlash from social conservatives.
"The Democrats were never going to get those votes anyway," Loevy said. "Having gays and lesbians be such a strong presence in the party brings in some campaign workers and brings in the money... And most important, it wins the support of young people."
The Republican Party, by contrast, did not try to tally the number of gay delegates at its convention in Tampa, Fla. R. Clarke Cooper of Log Cabin Republicans, which represents gay GOP voters, estimated that there were "a few dozen" gay and lesbian delegates, and said they were glad that their party "doesn't do identity politics."
"I'd hate to think I'd been selected for something because of my orientation," said Cooper, suggesting that the Democratic Party and the Obama administration risked being viewed as pandering to gays as part of a "divide-and-conquer" strategy catering to special-interest groups.
Looking ahead to future elections, Cooper says he's optimistic that the Republican Party will move away from anti-gay stands and become more attractive to gay voters. They noted that billionaire industrialist David Koch, a major donor to GOP campaigns this year, recently told Politico they favor legalization of same-sex marriage
For now, though, Cooper describes the GOP platform as "a stinker" that will not help Republican candidates this year because of its "aggressive and divisive language." They said they were disappointed that Tony Perkins, a leading social conservative who heads the Family Research Council, was able to influence planks that took a hard line against gay marriage and other gay-rights issues.
David Welch, a former GOP National Committee research director and campaign adviser to John McCain, is among a faction of relatively moderate Republicans who wish the party was keeping pace with the Democrats on same-sex marriage. But they doubt that the emphasis on gay rights at the Democratic convention will provide much of a boost for Obama.
"They're playing into the narrative that Barack Obama can't run on the economy, and this election has to be about the politics of division," they said.
Kenneth Sherrill, professor emeritus of political science at Hunter College in New York City, said in an online column Tuesday that the Democrats should not take gay and lesbian support for granted. They urged the GOP to compete for their support.
"The Republicans must learn to appeal to LGBT voters on the basis of promises that Republicans in office will pursue policies that will be good for the LGBT people," Sherrill wrote for the Bilerico Project, an online aggregator of gay-rights blogs.
"And, frankly, this will be good for the LGBT people," they wrote. "If the Republicans were to act rationally and make a serious effort to get LGBT votes, Democrats would have to be better. Our community can only benefit when both parties fight for our votes."
___
Follow AP National Writer David Crary on Twitter at http://twitter.com/CraryAP
– Title Match Wrestling recently interviewed WWE Superstar Kevin Owens, who commented on the rumors of Shinsuke Nakamura coming to WWE, potentially facing The Undertaker at WrestleMania, and more. Below are some highlights (transcript via WrestlingInc.com) and a video of the interview.
Owens on the rumors of Nakamura coming to WWE: “If the rumors are true, Nakamura is probably the one I'm most excited about. I wrestled them once before I got to WWE, and it was an awesome experience. I think he'd bring something different to the WWE.”
Owens on facing The Undertaker at WrestleMania: “WrestleMania is synonymous with the Undertaker, regardless of what's happened with the streak, I still think it's Undertaker's show. I'd like to throw my name in the hat and see if he's still the phenom that they claim to be.”
With the upcoming release of Prometheus 2.0 comes a new format for writing recording and alerting rules.
In this brief post we'll look at how we can use Promtool to automatically update your rules to the new format, and avoid rewriting them from scratch!
First grab and untar the latest 2.0 release binaries of Prometheus:
wget https://github.com/prometheus/prometheus/releases/download/v2.0.0-rc.1/prometheus-2.0.0-rc.1.linux-amd64.tar.gz tar -xzf prometheus-2*
Now let's update our current rules file. Let's say we have the following in alert.rules :
ALERT HighErrorRate IF job:request_latency_seconds:mean5m{job="myjob"} > 0.5 FOR 10m ANNOTATIONS { summary = "High request latency", } ALERT DailyTest IF vector(1) FOR 1m ANNOTATIONS { summary = "Daily alert test", }
Now we'll use Promtool to update our current rules in alert.rules to the new format with the following command:
./promtool update rules alert.rules
This will generate a new file titled alert.rules.yml containing all of your rules in the new 2.x format!
In my case, my two rules ended up as the following:
groups: - name: alert.rules rules: - alert: HighErrorRate expr: job:request_latency_seconds:mean5m{job="myjob"} > 0.5 for: 10m annotations: summary: High request latency - alert: DailyTest expr: vector(1) for: 1m annotations: summary: Daily alert test
You can now update your Prometheus 2.0 configuration to use this new rules file, and verify that they work as expected. Beware that the old format only works with Prometheus 1.x, and the new format only with 2.x!
Want the expert's advice on writing your alerting rules? Contact us.
This blog entry was inspired by Objc.io's snippet titled “Enums instead of Booleans”. I really loved the clarity that using enumerations brought to even the simplest of examples that was presented in that snippet. If you haven't seen it, check it out before continuing on!
Objc.io's snippet focused primarily on the definition and consumption of the enumeration values. What I'd like to focus on here is the implementation of the thing that produces those values for the switch-case that will consume them later on.
Example scenario
To put an example before us, consider the following scenario:
Suppose that we're building an app that utilizes a subscription-style service to deliver premium content.
Special things, such as providing access to the premium content, need to happen in the app if the user is a Subscriber in good standing.
Other things need to happen, such as denial of access to the premium content, if the user had a subscription, but it's expired.
Finally, if the user has never had a subscription, we'd still like to deny access to the content, but perhaps offer them the opportunity to subscribe.
Using Objc.io's idea as a springboard, we could program this in a couple of ways:
1 – We could define a few boolean properties throughout that would indicate the user's subscription status:
isSubscriber
isSubscriptionExpired
isNonSubscriber
What I find interesting about this approach is that it's not clear, from looking at the properties, that they're all mutually exclusive. Can I be a subscriber whose subscription has expired? If my subscription expired, am I a non-subscriber?
It could be that I've chosen poor names for the properties, but if I wanted to make clear that the statuses are mutually exclusive, there's a better way to encapsulate them. Objc.io helpfully pointed us in the direction of that better encapsulation method. Yep… you got it: enumerations!
2 – As the title of the blog entry signals, we could replace the booleans with an enumeration:
public enum SubscriberStatus { case CurrentSubscriber case ExpiredSubscriber case NonSubscriber } 1 2 3 4 5 public enum SubscriberStatus { case CurrentSubscriber case ExpiredSubscriber case NonSubscriber }
Immediately, this clarifies the mutually exclusive part. Enumerations, by definition, expose mutually exclusive values. By defining the SubscriberStatus enumeration, I've made clear that my intent is to have someone be either a CurrentSubscriber , an ExpiredSubscriber , or a NonSubscriber , but not combinations of each.
Not only that, but rather than including complicated branching logic when I need to determine someone's subscription status, I can simply switch-case over the enumeration possibilities and perform the appropriate behavior.
func checkSubscriberStatusForRegistrant(registrant: Registrant) { // We're coming to the definition of Registrant... // In fact, Registrant's implementation is the goal of this blog entry! switch (registrant.subscriberStatus) { case .CurrentSubscriber: showPremiumContent() case .ExpiredSubscriber: alertExpiredSubscription() case .NonSubscriber: offerSubscription() } } 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 func checkSubscriberStatusForRegistrant ( registrant : Registrant ) { // We're coming to the definition of Registrant... // In fact, Registrant's implementation is the goal of this blog entry! switch ( registrant . subscriberStatus ) { case . CurrentSubscriber : showPremiumContent ( ) case . ExpiredSubscriber : alertExpiredSubscription ( ) case . NonSubscriber : offerSubscription ( ) } }
Producing the enumeration values
The one thing that left me scratching my head on at first was the part of the whole scheme that would produce the enumeration values. In my example above, I've left out what the implementation of Registrant looks like.
When I'm consuming the enumeration values, I'm riding on the fact that registrant.subscriberStatus has some way of producing a correct SubscriberStatus for the registrant. But what does that look like? Well… here's one possibility:
public struct Registrant { public var subscriberStatus: SubscriberStatus { get { if (noSubscriptionOnFile()) { return .NonSubscriber } if (subscriptionOverdueForPayment()) { return .ExpiredSubscriber } return .CurrentSubscriber } } private func noSubscriptionOnFile() -> Bool { // Do what needs to be done to check if the registrant has a subscription on file or not } private func subscriptionOverdueForPayment() -> Bool { // Do what needs to be done to check if the registrant's subscription is overdue for payment } } 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 public struct Registrant { public var subscriberStatus : SubscriberStatus { get { if ( noSubscriptionOnFile ( ) ) { return . NonSubscriber } if ( subscriptionOverdueForPayment ( ) ) { return . ExpiredSubscriber } return . CurrentSubscriber } } private func noSubscriptionOnFile ( ) -> Bool { // Do what needs to be done to check if the registrant has a subscription on file or not } private func subscriptionOverdueForPayment ( ) -> Bool { // Do what needs to be done to check if the registrant's subscription is overdue for payment } }
So as you can see, the thing that produces the enumeration values does have some if s and Bool s in it. I couldn't really think of another way to do this. To simplify the readability of the subscriberStatus property's implementation, I've abstracted the more complicated computational logic for figuring out whether or not a subscription is on file or if the registrant is overdue for payment into functions.
Here is a collection of Photoshop custom shape sets for your grunge or urban style digital artworks. You can include these Photoshop CSH files in your Photoshop custom shape tool.
These Photoshop custom shapes are often used in grunge style or even modern urban type of theme or design concept. They can be used in website design, digital artworks and be included in other media. They can also be used in print materials like posters, packages, cards, etc. With the use of custom shapes in Photoshop,we can have more power and flexibility to include the use of vectors in our Photoshop designs. Others may prefer to create and use their own custom shapes which you can do in Photoshop. Some prefer to search the web for generous designers out there that share their custom shape creations and use them in their design projects. For instructions on how to include custom shapes in your Photoshop, just follow these steps:
1. Download the custom shape sets. These are in CSH file format which is the file for Photoshop custom shapes.
2. Locate the custom shape preset folder in you computer. It is usually found in Program files in your PC (Applications for MAC users) > Adobe > Photoshop > Presets > Custom Shapes.
3. Paste the .csh files in the Custom Shapes folder.
4. Open Photoshop application.
5. Select the Custom Shape tool. In the options pane at the top of your workplace, you can select the custom shapes that you copied by clicking the Load Shapes option of which you can append or replace with the existing custom shapes in you tools.
We share to you a list of photoshop custom shapes which you can use in your grungy style artworks or web design projects. You can download these custom shape packs made by different graphic artists and designers.
139 Grunge Vector Shapes by ardcor
Splat Shapes by Yarrum2
Revolution Collection by hebedesign
36 Hoops by SnapHook
72 Kiddy Stuffs by hikaridrops
Skater Collection by hebedesign
7 Splat – Splattered India Ink by halo-monk
31 Urban Designs Custom Shapes by redheadstock
Strange Custom Shape Set by omaolain
Zombies by tmwors
170+ Free Vector Splashes by Gloomus
15 Splats And DripsCustom Shapes by HoneyCunt
24 Custom Photoshop Shapes by danijeL-one
13 Vector Shapes by collapsedtoashes
25 Drips – Custom PS CS3 Shape by SynergyDigital
17 Golgol Custom Shape by golgol28
Custom Shape Mix by rioredio
NextExile Custom Shape Pack by nextexile
8 Circles And Stars Shape by anacarolgomes
Dragons And Such by corazonofmine
===================
33 Sunburst Photoshop Shapes by Shapes4FREE
3 Woodgrain photoshop Shapes by ariimage
61 Tech Surface Custom Shapes by CherubiumAngles
12 Grunge Radiation Symbol Vector Shapes by Shapes4FREE
3 custom Splatter Shapes by asyenka
Custom Shapes: Guns Updated by lukeroberts
Transportation Doodle Shapes by debh945
Circles For Photoshop by Smolord
Photoshop Shapes: Graffiti by lukeroberts
Car Logos by See-Create
The homes would be built on a "narrow strip" between Cook County Forest Preserve land and a proposed bike path just south of where Bryn Mawr Avenue meets Kostner Avenue, according to the community association. View Full Caption Sauganash Community Association
SAUGANASH — Leaders of the Sauganash Community Association rejected a proposal to build 18 townhomes near the LaBagh Woods, they announced Wednesday.
The group warned against "the potential loss of green space and questioned the appropriateness of adding density to this out-of-the-way corner of the neighborhood," the announcement read.
The plan calls to build the homes on a "narrow strip" between Cook County Forest Preserve land and a proposed bike path just south of where Bryn Mawr Avenue meets Kostner Avenue, the notice continued.
"We just didn't think 18 townhomes would be a benefit to that area, and we really weren't sure if they'd even be marketable," said David Seglin, president of the community association.
The Skokie-based North Capital Group would need Ald. Margaret Luarino (39th) to push a zoning change if its plan is to move forward. But Laurino said they would not approve the project unless it first earned the community association's blessing, according to their spokesperson, Manuel Galvan.
"The alderman shared the [association's] decision with the developer, and they said they understood," Galvan said. "So he's going to take their proposal back to the drawing board, and she's fine with that."
But Seglin remains skeptical of any construction on the property, they said.
"I would be in favor of building them in an area that's right for them, like on Cicero [Avenue], where you have some multi-unit buildings," Seglin said.
For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here.
Wolf Pack action shot, by Chris Rutsch, of Jesper Fast (contributed photo) A Hartford Wolf Pack offense that was among the least potent in the AHL for much of the first half of the season has suddenly broken out for a total of 18 goals in its last four games, and the one individual who has been the biggest contributor to that is Swedish-born rookie Jesper Fast.
Fast has only played in 19 of the Wolf Pack's first 42 games, due to the fact that they started the season with the parent New York Rangers, suiting up for eight NHL contests, and then suffered a high ankle sprain in their third game with the Wolf Pack, missing 14 games. After their return December 20, the 22-year-old winger managed only two goals and five points in their first ten games, but then went on a run that saw them score six times in the next five games, including back-to-back two-goal outings.
“We thought we'd have a good player in Jesper Fast when they came to us, and then unfortunately they got injured right away,” Wolf Pack head coach Ken Gernander said earlier this week. “And everybody thinks when you're cleared to play (after being injured), you're a hundred percent and firing on all cylinders, and the reality is, they missed six weeks, and it's not like you have a training camp and you get to build to a return to the lineup. It took them a little bit of time to get their feet underneath him, but now he's returned to form.”
Fast agreed with their coach's assessment that being back to full health was the biggest single factor in their hot streak, saying, “My body feels good, I've been working hard to get back. It's just having a good time out there and playing with some good guys. It's good to start to get some points.”
Those “good guys” are linemates J.T. Miller and Ryan Bourque, with whom Fast has formed a trio that has combined for 13 points in the Pack's last four games, three of which have been wins. According to Gernander, Fast's hockey smarts are one of the biggest keys to the line's success.
“I think Jesper Fast is someone that always makes their linemates better,” the Pack bench boss said. “He does all the little things, he's very intuitive, has real good hockey sense. So I think he's kind of a stabilizing influence for that line, and their chemistry with J.T. gives J.T. a little bit more liberty to try things offensively, knowing full well that you've got a guy that can read off you, both offensively to jump into holes, and also defensively if need be.”
Miller said of Fast, “He's a tremendous player, he's got a lot of upsides. He's not very big, but they definitely make the most of it, and they play like a big guy. He's always being physical and initiating the contact, and obviously he's pretty hot right now, we'll try to keep getting them the puck. He's a big part of our offense right now and a big part of the team's success.”
That physical part of the game has always been a strength for Fast, despite their relatively slight stature, at six feet and 185 pounds. They have scored most of their AHL goals from the high-traffic area right around the net, and that was the case for them on the bigger ice surfaces in Europe as well.
“I've always tried to be around the net, where it all happens,” Fast said. “That's where you have to be if you want to score goals.
“There are more battles here (in North America). It's a smaller rink, so there are a lot of battles out there. I think it fits my style pretty well on the small rink. Of course it's an adjustment here, but I'm starting to feel pretty comfortable out there.”
As far as their synergy with Miller, Fast's comment was, “I like playing with him, he's a really skilled player, they can protect the puck. I think they bring a lot of attention on himself, so it gives me some extra space when they get the puck.”
“We have a good forechecking line, with speed, with Bourquie and Jesper,” said Miller, “and I try to get in there and use my size and just try to find people open, and obviously the power play's been really good lately. We've just got to make sure we keep capitalizing on those chances, but I think most of our success comes off the rush and the forecheck.
“We have a little bit of everything on the line right now. Everybody can play, with their skill, and everybody can shoot the puck and play offense, but they're (his linemates) both defensively responsible and it makes it easier on me, and that's a huge part, when you're spending less time in your zone.”
Fast summarized, “We all three work hard. I think we know each other, what we're good at, just work hard and use what we're good at.”
Gernander has counted on the Bourque-Miller-Fast line in all situations, but Fast has been particularly dangerous on the power play. Three of their six goals in their recent run have come in man-advantage situations, part of a Pack power play streak of six goals in three games.
“We talked a little bit about it, and we can't just let the puck go around, we have to shoot the puck and create second chances from the rebounds,” Fast said of the power play.
The right-handed-shooting Fast has found home in the left circle in the Wolf Pack power-play setup, looking either to get open for cross-slot passes from Miller, or get to the net for tips and rebounds.
“I don't have to stay and wait for the puck, I feel comfortable there (on the left side),” Fast said. “I have to be ready for the shot and find a spot to get open, but those guys make some good plays out there, so it makes it a lot easier for me.”
© Copyright by StamfordPlus.com. Some articles and pictures posted on our website, as indicated by their bylines, were submitted as press releases and do not necessarily reflect the position and opinion of StamfordPlus.com, Stamford Plus magazine, Canaiden LLC or any of its associated entities. Articles may have been edited for brevity and grammar. Photos without a credit line are "contributed photos".
[an error occurred while processing this directive]
Note: We reserve the right to delete posts at any time if we decide that they are offensive or distasteful.
CURRENT HEADLINES:
 Indigo Girls coming to the Warner Theatre  March is AuthorSpeak Month at Norwalk Public Library  Newman's Own Foundation $50,000 grant supports Maritime Aquarium  SHU offers fashion marketing and merchandising major  UI Preparing for Wind Storm
Top of Page
The Obama administration has nearly finalized a rule that would give energy companies lengthy permits for wind farms that end up killing bald and golden eagles.
ADVERTISEMENT
Hundreds of thousands of birds are killed every year after flying into large wind turbine blades, an issue that became an ongoing saga for the administration this year.
The White House finalized its review on Thursday of a rule that would give the farms a 30-year pass for the killings, known as "takings."
The details of the Interior Department rule are not yet known and it is possible it could be tweaked, though significant changes would be unusual at this stage in the process.
Obama found themselves caught between green groups and renewable energy companies over the summer due to the controversy surrounding the rule, which also applies to oil rigs and electric lines.
An Interior Department official told The Hill it has been working "for more than a year to gather public and stakeholder input on the proposal," which was sent to the White House Office of Management and Budget back in April.
In August, green groups met with the White House to make the case that the 30-year permit is too long, even if the deaths are unintentional.
They argued the administration should be more diligent in reviewing the effects large wind farms have on the environment.
Late last month, Duke Energy reached a $1 million settlement with the Obama administration over the deaths of more than a dozen protected eagles and other birds at its wind farms.
The settlement marked the first time the administration had penalized a wind energy company for killing eagles.
SUPERMAN & WONDER WOMAN “THE KISS” STATUE
Based on the art of Jim Lee
Sculpted by Tim Bruckner
The kiss between the Man of Steel and the Amazon Warrior made world famous on the cover of JUSTICE LEAGUE #12 is immortalized in this stunning statue based on the art of superstar artist Jim Lee.
Statue measures approximately 14.3″ tall.
$249.95 US • On Sale September 2013
*Allocations May Occur
You can Pre-Order this item HERE.
DC COMICS – THE NEW 52 TRINITY WAR BOX SET
Capture the excitement and action of the JUSTICE LEAGUE comics with this special action figure 3-pack which includes the trinity of iconic heroes: Superman, Batman, and Wonder Woman! Superman features all new metallic paints, and an all-new Wonder Woman head sculpt.
Action Figures * $49.95 US • On Sale September 2013
*Allocations May Occur
You can Pre-Order this item HERE.
DC COMICS – SUPER–VILLAINS CAPTAIN COLD ACTION FIGURE
The DC COMICS – THE NEW 52 look of The Flash's Rogues Gallery member Captain Cold is perfectly captured with this action figure based on their all-new design.
On Sale September 2013 • Action Figure • $24.95 US
*Allocations May Occur
You can Pre-Order this item HERE.
HUSH: THE JOKER, HARLEY QUINN, & STEALTH BATMAN ACTION FIGURE 3-PACK
From the pages of the best-selling, critically acclaimed graphic novel BATMAN: HUSH by Jeph Loeb and Jim Lee comes this special 3-Pack of action figures which includes the Dark Knight in Stealth Gear, The Joker, and Harley Quinn. All Featuring new paints!
On Sale September 2013 • Action Figures * $49.95 US
*Allocations May Occur
You can Pre-Order this item HERE.
BATMAN: ARKHAM CITY BATMAN STATUE
Sculpted by Dave Cortes
You'd have to be committed to Arkham Asylum to not want this monochromatic statue of the Dark Knight poised for battle, based on the advertising campaign and packaging for the best-selling, critically acclaimed video game BATMAN: ARKHAM CITY.
Statue measures approximately 10″ tall.
$124.95 US • On Sale September 2013
*Allocations May Occur
You can Pre-Order this item HERE.
BATMAN: ARKHAM CITY SOLOMON GRUNDY DELUXE ACTION FIGURE
Solomon Grundy was born on a Monday, but this insanely detailed, oversized action figure based on their appearance in the best-selling, critically acclaimed video game BATMAN: ARKHAM CITY is perfect for display any day of the week!
Figure measures over 13″ tall! Features removable heart and chest!
$89.95 US • On Sale September 2013
*Allocations May Occur
You can Pre-Order this item HERE.
DC COMICS BOMBSHELLS: POISON IVY STATUE
SCULPTED BY TIM MILLER
DESIGNED BY ANT LUCIA
The Bombshells line inspired by the pin-up girls of the 1940's and 50's explodes with its latest addition featuring an alluring statue of the beautiful but deadly Batman villain.
Measures Approximately 7.25″ Tall
$124.95 US • On Sale September 2013
*Allocations May Occur
You can Pre-Order this item HERE.
DC COMICS: COVER GIRLS SUPERGIRL STATUE
DESIGNED BY STANLEY “ARTGERM” LAU
SCULPTED BY JACK MATHEWS
The Girl of Steel rockets out of the pages of their monthly comic book series and into your home with this breathtaking statue designed by artist Stanley “Artgerm” Lau.
Measures Approximately 10″ Tall
$99.95 US • On Sale September 2013
*Allocations May Occur
You can Pre-Order this item HERE.
BEFORE WATCHMEN: OZYMANDIAS STATUE
Sculpted by Jonathan Matthews
This statue of the smartest man in the world designed by Jae Lee and sculpted by Jonathan Matthews perfectly captures their look from BEFORE WATCHMEN: OZYMANDIAS, the limited series prequel to the best-selling graphic novel of all time, WATCHMEN.
Measures Approximately 9.25″ high
$149.95 US • On Sale September 2013
*Allocations May Occur
You can Pre-Order this item HERE.
DC NATION: AARDMAN ACTION FIGURE 5-PACK
No Bat-Fan's collection will be complete without these amazing action figures based on the hilarious animated shorts created by the Academy Award-winning team behind Wallace and Gromit featured on the DC NATION block seen on Cartoon Network.
$74.95 US • On Sale September 2013
*Allocations May Occur
You can Pre-Order this item HERE.
JUSTICE LEAGUE CHESS SET
SCULPTED BY GENTLE GIANT STUDIOS
Now you can decide who wins the ultimate confrontation between the World's Greatest Super Heroes and the World's Vilest Super-Villains with this incredible chess set featuring intricately sculpted resin game pieces of Superman, Batman, Green Lantern, Wonder Woman, Aquaman, The Flash, Lex Luthor, Black Manta, The Joker, Cheetah, Sinestro and Reverse Flash that capture their look from DC COMICS – THE NEW 52. The set comes complete with a high-quality wood board with metal trim.
$249.95 US • On Sale October 2013
*Allocations May Occur
You can Pre-Order this item HERE.
BATMAN BLACK AND WHITE: THE JOKER STATUE BY GREG CAPULLO
BASED ON THE ART OF GREG CAPULLO
SCULPTED BY JONATHAN MATTHEWS
Fan-favorite artist Greg Capullo's frightening rendition of The Clown Prince of Crime from the best-selling BATMAN: DEATH OF THE FAMILY storyline is now the newest addition in the best-selling line of statues spotlighting The Dark Knight and their Rogues Gallery of Villains. Statue measures 8.2” high x 4.75” wide x 3”deep.
$79.95 US • On Sale October 2013
*Allocations May Occur
You can Pre-Order this item HERE.
BATMAN BLACK AND WHITE: BATMAN STATUE BY GREG CAPULLO
BASED ON THE ART OF GREG CAPULLO
SCULPTED BY JONATHAN MATTHEWS
The best-selling line of statues continues with an amazing rendition of the Dark Knight sculpted in the unique style of superstar artist Greg Capullo. Statue measures 8.2”high x 4.75” wide x 3” deep.
$79.95 US • On Sale October 2013
*Allocations May Occur
You can Pre-Order this item HERE.
BATMAN VS. KILLER CROC STATUE (SECOND EDITION)
Sculpted by Ray Villafane
Killer Croc has a taste for revenge and is out for The Dark Knight's blood. The epic battle between Batman and their reptilian enemy is captured with this new edition of the stunning statue featuring an alternate paint deco on Batman's costume to match their modern look.
Statue measures 16.5″ high x 12.75″ wide x 9.75″ deep.
$299.95 US • On Sale October 2013
*Allocations May Occur
You can Pre-Order this item HERE.
SUPERMAN THE MAN OF STEEL: SUPERMAN BY FRANK QUITELY STATUE
Sculpted by Mat Brouillard
The Man of Steel flies out of the pages of ALL STAR SUPERMAN with this intricately sculpted statue designed by comics superstar Frank Quitely. Statue measures 6.5” high x 5” wide x 3.75” deep.
$79.95 US • On Sale October 2013
*Allocations May Occur
You can Pre-Order this item HERE.
DC COMICS – SUPER–VILLAINS BLACK MANTA ACTION FIGURE
The DC COMICS – THE NEW 52 look of Aquaman's arch nemesis, Black Manta, perfectly captured with this action figure based on the designs of comics superstar Ivan Reis.
* Action Figure * $24.95 US • On Sale October 2013
* Allocations May Occur
You can Pre-Order this item HERE.
DC COMICS – SUPER–VILLAINS THE JOKER ACTION FIGURE
The DC COMICS – THE NEW 52 look of Batman's arch nemesis, The Joker perfectly captured with this action figure based on the designs from the “Death of the Family” story.
* Action Figure * $24.95 US • On Sale October 2013
*Allocations May Occur
You can Pre-Order this item HERE.
HUSH: SCARECROW, NIGHTWING & POISON IVY ACTION FIGURE 3-PACK
From the pages of the best-selling, critically acclaimed graphic novel BATMAN: HUSH by Jeph Loeb and Jim Lee comes this special 3-Pack of action figures.
Action Figures * $49.95 US •On Sale October 2013 *Allocations May Occur
You can Pre-Order this item HERE.
1:1 SCALE ORANGE LANTERN POWER BATTERY AND RING PROP REPLICA
Be the one true wielder of the Orange Lantern. This is one lantern you don't want to share! The next in an all-new line of power batteries, featuring a brand-new finish, this Orange Lantern Power battery lights up when activated by its ring!
Measuring approximately 11.5” high.
$199.95 US • On Sale October 2013
*Allocations May Occur
You can Pre-Order this item HERE.
Lyle Lovett interview in Acoustic Guitar, July 2012
The interview is a gem. I might blog one other thing in it that I felt to be relevant to the conduct of philosophy. But it's the little things that matter – their use of capos, how they started songwriting (“I tried to learn a song written by somebody else and couldn't figure it out”), their “process” (make up stuff while doing something like driving and keep thinking about it). You really want to read this.
The quote I want to examine in full:
As essential as the arts are to people like you and me, to our emotional state and well-being, they aren't essential to the economy. You can't eat a song. It's a privilege to do something that's supported by other people.
Something about this strikes me as peculiar. First, they distinguish between people who are really into the arts (“you and me”) from everyone else. Yes, they concede there is necessity (“You can't eat a song”), but they lump that in with “essential to the economy.” That's not quite the same thing as necessity; the issue is what is important for human being (he brought up “well-being” not much earlier). “It's a privilege to do something that's supported by other people:” he's grateful, but a hierarchy has been set. The arts are worthy of support and this has already been conceded.
I'm not saying Lovett is arguing esoterically for the superiority of the arts. But he's a sharp guy and their words seem to be carefully chosen. We have necessities to take care of. And artists should be grateful. No one is arguing either. The argument for the arts has always been greater than “we have the necessities covered, let's do something else.” The Aristotelean contention that leisure is a precondition for contemplation or philosophy slyly hides that people have willingly been killed for idols, their heritage, the junk around the house important to them. Leisure is perhaps for a specific sort of art, something that may not be an art. It may be the space within which we ask questions.
‘Just as a bad cold leads to pneumonia, so over-indebtedness leads to deflation,” wrote the US economist Irving Fisher in 1933. The theory is, if there is too much debt, people spend all their money repaying it and so stop spending. Prices fall – inflation turns to deflation. What could be bad about falling prices? Well, the debts don't shrink – so you end up using more of your income to service them, and you spend even less.
This actually happened in the US between 1929 and 1933, leaving economists like Fisher – and indeed the whole of society – terrified of it happening again. Economists call this the debt-deflation spiral, and since 2008 politicians have been haunted by the prospect of a repeat.
In Europe, that fear is justified: deflation is now close. Germany's economy stagnated in the second quarter of 2014; Italy and France shrank by 0.2%. And since 2012, inflation in the eurozone has been falling steadily, down to just 0.3% last month. In response, the boss of the European Central Bank, Mario Draghi, last week slashed interest rates to 0.05% – a Rizla paper above zero – and signalled that Europe will, like the US, Japan and the UK, print money.
If it works, the eurozone will become the last of the big economic players to go on total life support – and what it tells us about the future of capitalism is worrying.
There are many problems specific to the euro crisis: this is the one region of the world where “rules” have triumphed over pragmatism, forcing pointless cuts in government spending and ensuring the politicians were always three moves behind reality. To continue Fisher's analogy of a “heavy cold”, Europe – in the past two years – took a large dose of Night Nurse but then went wandering out unclothed into freezing rain.
However, the euro deflation crisis is also a symptom of a more general problem that affects the world economy: stagnation.
Last November, the former US treasury secretary Larry Summers alarmed the economics profession by resurrecting the phrase “secular stagnation”. They warned that if you need to zero interest rates to sustain growth, you are in trouble. The dominance of high finance in a modern economy, its propensity to boom, bust and panic, means you are always going to need at some point – temporarily – to slash interest rates in the face of a crisis or downturn.
But when zero interest rates become normal, you can't. You have to use printing money as the anti-crisis measure, and this is less effective. Printing money takes time to work, in a way that cutting interest rates does not. It took George Osborne three years, and a considerable amount of tinkering with the pipes of the banking system, to get the money printed through quantitative easing flowing through to homebuyers and construction firms. Draghi, too, will face this problem.
The bigger danger with a world of zero interest rates is that it promotes stagnation. It's like being in a car with no first gear or – to adapt Irving Fisher's image – less like a cold, more like post-viral fatigue. The economy feels listless forever.
What to do if the prediction is correct? It depends on what you think the cause is. Some economists believe capitalism has simply run out of steam. Productivity, population growth and education levels can't go on rising fast enough to maintain growth. Others believe recovery is just a question of time: write down the debts, heal the banks, keep the life-support machine on for long enough and the patient will recover.
Either way, this debate now has a nickname – “secstag”, short for secular stagnation – and is comprehensively outlined in a new, free ebook from the policy portal VoxEU. The optimists in this debate – myself included – believe a new technology-driven upswing is possible, but only with a change of economic strategy so radical that it might not feel like capitalism.
But all sides of the secstag debate agree on one thing: the tendencies towards stagnation are higher in Europe than anywhere else. As Summers told the IMF ruefully last November, a crisis on the scale of the one that Lehman triggered is not over until it's over. And what Draghi just did means it is not over.
If we do get secular stagnation, it will be hard to get our heads around – for the simple reason that it hasn't happened before. The phrase itself comes from the end of the 1930s when everybody from Trotsky to mainstream followers of Keynes were predicting long-term economic decline.
The one modern example is Japan – where deflation ruled from 1997 to 2007. But Japan is in some ways a poor example: Japanese people themselves have funded the country's debt – and it remains a big producing and exporting economy.
If Europe goes into stagnation, it is a different ballgame. First, much of its debt is owned abroad. Second, it is a place with a propensity to conflict. There is no culture of conformity, and Europe's youth are quite prepared to riot over Gaza, let alone GDP.
If you were designing an economic nightmare, then, deflation or stagnation in Europe would be close to top of your list.
Paul Mason is economics editor at Channel 4 News. Follow them @paulmasonnews
Posted February 21, 2016 at 1:01 am
- SARAH NO
I actually made a mistake in this comic, but since I am now aware of it, it's retroactively GRACE'S mistake! Whatever this horrible, horrible mistake was (that GRACE made) will be revealed soon enough, BUT the clue I leave you now is the comic in which Grace talks about FV3 and FV4.
I have to say, I like how MV4 Sarah's hair looks better than I thought it would. We're committed to MV5 making shorter hair now, so that's still happening, but I like how it looks more than I thought I would.
Maybe I just like feminine haircuts on guys? ...NAAAAH.
Sarah's MV4 face might not look as masculine as some think it should, though I do draw it slightly differently. The problem is that the difference is so subtle that regular Sarah and MV4-5 Sarah would have to be side-by-side and in the same pose with regular Sarah standing on a box or something for it to be particularly noticeable, and that hair isn't helping.
I could make the transformed faces more masculine, but it's difficult to do that in my style without taking it too far and making them look like tough guys in their early forties. Or at least, you know, making them not look recognizable as themselves.
At the top of this page, you'll see what a tiny fraction of the entire federal budget is devoted to foreign assistance — just about 1 percent. As we pointed out in the previous post, most Americans vastly overestimate this number in surveys. In a Kaiser Family Foundation study published in early 2015, the average respondent thought that 26 percent of the federal budget went to foreign aid. Unsurprisingly, more than half the respondents thought the United States was spending too much on foreign aid.
In the breakdown above, we have laid out where the $42.4 billion will go in 2017. The money comes from the State and Defense departments and a slew of other agencies. But it would be wrong to think that “security assistance” comes entirely from the DoD. Security assistance is a broader term than so-called military aid because this financial support is often extended to other types of security forces such as anti-narcotic or trafficking units.
Actually, only about half the security assistance budget is provided by the DoD. That mostly derives from programs directly tied to military operations in Afghanistan and Iraq, such as the Afghan Security Forces Fund and the Iraq Train and Equip Fund. Deals like last month's with Israel, on the other hand, come from the State Department. In that case, the U.S. government is essentially financing Israel's military purchases. Under the current agreement, Israel can spend 26 percent of that money on military equipment produced in Israel, but the new deal, which starts in 2019, gradually phases out that stipulation. Then, like every other country, Israel will have to spend all the assistance money on American defense contractors. In other words, U.S. foreign military financing is essentially a way of subsidizing its domestic defense industry while strengthening the military capabilities of its strategic allies.
Economic and development assistance is almost entirely provided through the State Department's budget. This includes the budgets for the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) and Peace Corps, reserve funds for disaster relief, funds geared toward specific objectives, such as preventing the spread of HIV/AIDS, and bilateral economic assistance packages.
On Tuesday morning, Bushwick native Will Giron posted a picture on their Facebook wall of Brooklyn artist London Kaye installing a 15-foot crochet mural on the side of their family's building. Entitled "Moonshine Kingdom," it depicts Sam Shakusky from Wes Anderson's 2012 Moonrise Kingdom holding hands with Delbert Grady's daughters from The Shining.
Giron, a tenant advocate and legal coordinator for the Fifth Avenue Committee, grew up at 56 Wyckoff Avenue, which abuts the Bushwick Fleaa weekend flea market in "the heart of trendy Bushwick" that has been open seasonally, on weekends, since April. They have since moved to Queens, but visits the apartment once a week, where their aunt, the owner, still lives. Rob Abner, the flea's founder, gave Kaye permission to erect the crochet piece, which they spent over $100 and more than 100 hours executing, in August. Abner did not, however, ask Giron's aunt if they could decorate the facade.
"Gentrification has gotten to the point where every time I see a group of young white millennials in the hood my heart starts racing and a sense of anxiety starts falling over me," Giron wrote on Facebook.
"One day Mr. Abner decides that they are going to allow some hipster transplant named London Kaye to paint on our wall without asking permission becauseas they said in an interview with the Bushwick Daily... they wanted to 'claim the wall for herself' in order to 'express herself.'"
"Having the wall for herself" was actually the Bushwick Daily reporter's language, but Kaye has since confirmed that they asked Abner for permission to make a crochet mural without first inquiring with the building.
Giron recently informed Abner by e-mail that their aunt was planning to do some work on the building in October, and that the crochet would have to come down. The next day, they called Abner to follow up.
"Abner started to yell at me, curse me, and even threatened to call the city on my family because one of my aunts sells Salvadorian food on the front yard," they wrote.
According to Giron, Abner said to him, "Besides: We've just raised your property value."
Abner later sent an apology e-mail in regards to the mural, conceding to take down the piece come October. They have since denied that they ever "yelled" or "cursed" at Giron.
In the days following Giron's Facebook post, the Bushwick Flea Instagram received a flood of angry comments, and Abner deleted their "Moonshine Kingdom" installation picture. Giron's story has been shared 1,118 times as of this writing, and has prompted a heated discussion on Reddit. Kaye has received angry e-mails, as well.
Reached by phone Thursday afternoon, Abner hurriedly said "no comment," then changed their mind. "I didn't think for a second that anyone would care, especially the tenants," they said.
"There was already graffiti on that wall," they said. "Nasty graffiti. What we did with the crochet art, is we covered up nasty graffiti with nice graffiti."
"Before we took over three months ago that [lot] was a junkyard, and we cleaned it up and made it a space with a garden and artwork," they added. They also said that the 15-foot artwork was "not visible" from the front of the building.
Kaye themselves sounded bewildered when we spoke. "I guess I was just mostly surprised," they said. "Especially because it's all made of yarn, and I use yarn as my medium because it's such a nondestructive piece of the environment, unlike spray paint or regular paint."
"It's just three [kids] standing together, and finding love in unexpected ways," they added. "The last thing I was thinking about was making somebody upset with my art. The whole thing I wanted to do was make people happy."
However, Kaye did admit that they received a "kind of nasty" e-mail from someone in the building soon after they installed their piece. Rather than respond, they asked Abner about it. When they said not to worry about it, they deferred to him.
Welcome to Moonshine Kingdom #londonkaye #yarnbomb #streetart #bushwick A video posted by London Kaye Crochet (@madebylondon) on Jul 27, 2015 at 11:34am PDT
"You know I can't do anything about that," Abner said when asked if they felt culpable in the gentrification of Bushwick. "I'm culpable in taking a junkyard that was horrible and disgusting with rats. It took weeks to clean up, so I don't know how anyone could object to that."
Kaye has lived in Brooklyn for four years, and in Bushwick since January. Them current apartment is down the block from the flea. "The Jefferson subway stop is right here," they said. "Obviously things are happening here, and people aren't happy about it." But, "One wall being the sole example of [gentrification], I don't get. The whole neighborhood is filled with street art, and things go up and down every single day. It's what makes me love the neighborhood."
"Knickerbocker Park is now a place where white folks can walk their poodles even after the sun goes down, whereas I and many other folks that I know were being stopped and frisked on our way home by the police in that same park," Giron wrote in their Facebook post.
"Consider the fact that it's art when white people put up murals on private property, but when we create our own art in Bushwick it's considered 'vandalism.'"
We asked Abner if they could recall what the original graffiti on the side 56 Wyckoff looked likethe spray paint that's now covered with Kaye's crochet.
"It had some ugly, illegible, black writing," they said. "They can have their blank wall back in October with the ugly graffiti, that's it."
We reached out to Giron, who declined to comment pending a discussion with their family members, who share their address. We'll update if they agree to talk.
Department of Buildings spokesperson Alexander Schnell confirmed that there are provisions in the NYC Zoning Resolution that prevent illegal signage from being placed on private property and fences. They suggested that Giron report the crochet to the DOB, so that the inspector can "investigate the conditions and issue violations as warranted."
UPDATE: We spoke with Giron about the symbolism of Kaye's yarn bomb this morning. Read more here.
UPDATE: Our first report made reference to an "apology" e-mail that Giron received from Abner shortly after the two men spoke over the phone about the crochet mural. During that conversation, Giron says that they asked Abner to take down the mural, and Abner responded by threatening him. Abner has since issued a statement saying that they never threatened Giron, and that the e-mail apologized for not asking permission to put up the mural in the first place.
Giron also says that Abner's "We-just-raised-your-property-value" line was not included in an e-mail from Abner, as was originally reported. (Perusal of Abner's e-mail to Giron confirms this.) But Giron insists this statement was made over the phone. More here.
The components of the word "photography" are Greek in origin. Photography quite literally means "to write with light." While light serves as noun, adjective, and verb for photographers, shadows complete their sentences in bold type. The qualities of light in a picture influence our perceptions of subjects by setting mood, revealing texture, and shading detail. These qualities appear in countless varieties of light: the shaft of sunlight in a dark scene, the gentle bath of sidelight from a big window, the cold fade of dusk, the warm glow of a tungsten bulb or a late afternoon, the eerie pulse of an electronic screen, the candy splash of a neon sign, and the contrast of a backlit silhouette. Shadows simplify, hide, and dramatize in an endless dance with illumination. The pictures collected here are united not by theme, but by photographers writing with light. -- Lane Turner ( 42 photos total
As Republicans gather in Tampa for their Convention, controversy continues to swirl around the comments by Republican senatorial candidate for Missouri, Todd Akin, regarding the supposed natural ability of women's bodies to "shut the whole thing down" when they've been "legitimately" raped, and in so doing avoid pregnancy. Given this supposed natural talent, it's not surprising most Republicans have no problem cutting off funding for Planned Parenthood; women's bodies are apparently perfectly capable of ensuring that anything truly unplanned won't lead to pregnancy. Everyone else is out of luck, (apparently) deservedly so.
Of course, Mitt Romney wants Todd Akin to withdraw from the Senate race; not because what they said contradicts official Republican Party policies, but precisely because it so closely adheres to them. The Republican Party establishment understands that it must maintain an incredibly difficult balance between the large majority of the party who either actively support an ultra-conservative agenda and slight majority of American voters writ large who will not support the extreme social, political and economic agenda favoured by the Party's core constituency.
It's hard to know where the fine line is located, in good measure because Americans remain the most politically ignorant populace of any mature democracy, with the views of the average American far removed from the mainstream of science. Consider that upwards of half the US population believes that human beings were created by God "pretty much in their present form at one time within the last 10,000 years or so", and another third believes in intelligent design, fully eight in 10 Americans deny what is today referred to as "reality-based" science. If the numbers are this high for such a fundamental principle of modern science, it's not surprising that Americans are so easily confused by more complex debates on other crucial public policy issues, from healthcare to drug policy.
Of course, the term "reality-based" science should be redundant, since what is supposed to differentiate science from ideology, faith or economic and political interests is precisely its grounding in observable events occurring in the real world. But as we learnt during the Bush administration, reality apparently isn't all it's cracked up to be, and in fact those in power often scoff at the "reality-based" world of facts and non-partisan, empirical argument.
Ignorance and reality
Most Al Jazeera readers have no doubt come across the famous Bush administration quote, since attributed to Karl Rove, making light of what "we" - they and other masters of the universe - derisively referred to as the "reality-based community". Rove defined this community (mostly composed of supposedly left-wing journalists, academics, scientists and activists) as being composed of people who "believe that solutions emerge from your judicious study of discernible reality... That's not the way the world really works anymore. We're an empire now, and when we act, we create our own reality. And while you're studying that reality - judiciously, as you will - we'll act again, creating other new realities, which you can study too, and that's how things will sort out. We're history's actors… and you, all of you, will be left to just study what we do".
US arms sales hit record levels
Rove's remarks, as the allusion to empire indicates, were made in reference to the foreign wars and occupations launched by the Bush administration. But in fact, they perfectly capture the way domestic policy was administered under Bush as well, a dynamic that has sadly continued well into the Obama administration where, despite early promises to base policy more on science and the public interest ideology and corporate greed continue to dominate most every aspect of their administration's governance.
There are several reasons behind this dynamic. The first has to do with the immense power industries such as the chemical, petroleum, agribusiness and tobacco industries, have had for more than a century to shape public opinion and knowledge in a manner that directly contradicts science. As David Michaels showed in their 2008 book Doubt is Their Product, about the power of the tobacco industry to sew confusion over the extent of the danger posed by cigarettes to the health of smokers, when immensely wealthy and political powerful corporations have unlimited funds to discredit mainstream scientific consensus it produces a level of cognitive dissonance among the public.
When faced with such contradictions, the majority will more often than not to turn against, or at least ignore, science rather than turning against the corporations trying to fool them, at least for a while. Corporations are selling them products which, at least in the short term, make them feel good or make their lives easier, while scientists are invariably demanding that people make exceedingly difficult changes to most every facet of their lives (what they eat, smoke, drink, drive, wear, use in their homes) or face personal and collective disaster. Until disaster is staring them in the face, most people would rather ignore reality and continue with negative behaviour.
A 2010 Boston Globe article, explained how avoiding such cognitive dissonance is "a natural defence mechanism" to avoid confronting the alarming level of political ignorance of most Americans, which is in fact "one of the best documented data in political science". The more uninformed people are, the more likely they are to hold extreme views that are non-open to challenge by "reality-based science", creating a feedback loop that makes it even harder to open them to empirically grounded arguments that challenge their present beliefs and actions.
One of the most important weapons to fight the kind of motivated reasoning that has brought the US to this sad state is precisely the kind of critical, humanistic educations that are under threat at all levels of its education, from elementary and high schools dominated by anti-science school boards to universities whose budgets for humanities are shrinking to historic lows.
Headed towards the cliff
Given the corporate takeover of American politics (and education), it's not surprising that both political parties are treating citizens much as corporations do - trying to get them to buy programmes and policies that are either ineffectual or harmful to the long term health of the country, even if they channel significant resources and wealth to some sectors of the economy and segments of the population.
President Obama can make the case that they have expanded health coverage for millions of Americans will at least hold the line as on reproductive health - even here, the reality is that the number of uninsured Americans has grown during their presidency, while roughly half of women who require publicly funded reproductive services don't get them. But the reality is that on most of the major issues, from bailing out banks to the drug war, energy policy to climate change, arms sales to foreign policy more broadly, the difference between the two parties is much more rhetorical than it is substantive.
The President's half measure and willingness to "compromise" with Republicans has done little more than slow down a car that was speeding towards a cliff. It might take a bit longer to get to the edge, but the momentum of decades of irresponsible policies will ultimately push it over nonetheless.
The mainstream media is little better than the government, refusing to connect the dots that link so many policies together into a toxic system. I experienced this dynamic first hand last week when I appeared with the New York Times columnist Thomas Friedman on the HuffPo Live, the new web-based network of the Huffington Post. The topic was America's addiction to Saudi oil, and how it has long impacted US foreign policy in support of one of the most oppressive regimes of the last century. Friedman, who explained that he's writing a book about current US energy policy away from reliance on fossil fuels - ironic for a man who's the most famous book argues that everyone can and should drive a Lexus and still keep their olive trees - admitted hosting Ahmed Shihab-Eldin that US-Middle East policy is "all about oil".
The Cafe - US: Still #1?
Deep states of denial
When both I and Eldin pointed out that oil policy is inseparable from the policy of arms sales and aid totally hundreds of billions of dollars, they admitted to this fact, but explained that they were only looking at the energy part of this equation. But the idea that Americans can address their addiction to oil without addressing military industrial complex that has been its complement for well over half a century, and produces tens of billions of dollars in profits for powerful corporations who are at the heart of the power system, is ludicrous (Americans buy about $30bn worth of Saudi oil every year, which is largely offset by the tens of billions of dollars the Saudis and other Gulf countries spend on US weapons in return.)
The larger "weapondollar-petrodollar coalition" of major oil and arms corporations and governments that are major purchasers or recipients of US weapons is as powerful today as it was at the height of the Bush administration and continues to have a stranglehold on the US government, one that is only strengthened by the power of other major sectors such as chemicals and agribusiness, whose products and practices are also incredibly harmful to the overall health of the country, and the planet. And so the President has continued to push for disastrous arms sales to some of the most repressive countries on earth, from Saudi Arabia to Honduras, with Israel, Egypt, Bahrain and Pakistan - to name but a few countries - in between, while increasing both imports of Gulf oil and domestic oil production through the environmentally disastrous fracking; all rather than break the US' addiction to guns and oil.
Sadly for Friedman and the rest of us, there is about as much chance that the US can deal with global warming or energy policy without taking the weapon-petrodollar complex as there is of the two thirds of overweight or obese Americans losing weight without eating better and exercising more. As long as the system remains in place, hundreds of billions of dollars will continue to flow yearly into corporations at the centre of American political and economic power, sustaining a veritable "deep state" that has enough power over the country's politics and policies to prevent even the most well-intentioned President from making any substantive changes to the system.
The Republican and Democratic conventions will do little to change this dynamic; if anything they will reinforce the cognitive shortcuts people naturally create to avoid addressing the uncomfortable realities they must face squarely if there is to be any hope of achieving a real solution to the systematic problems they face. In the end, however, it's up to citizens to become informed and force their governments and economic actors to change their policies to serve the common, rather than corporate, good. No matter how powerful corporations have become, if Americans can't find the strength to make such a change soon they'll have no one to blame but themselves.
Mark LeVine is professor of Middle Eastern history at UC Irvine and distinguished visiting professor at the Centre for Middle Eastern Studies at Lund University in Sweden and the author of the forthcoming book about the revolutions in the Arab world, The Five Year Old Who Toppled a Pharaoh.
Their book, Heavy Metal Islam, which focused on 'rock and resistance and the struggle for soul' in the evolving music scene of the Middle East and North Africa, was published in 2008.
Follow Mark LeVine on Twitter: @culturejamming
New Delhi: Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal's blue Wagon R, which was stolen from outside the Delhi Secretariat two days ago, has been found abandoned in Ghaziabad.
The hatchback, which Kejriwal drove around in their early political career and which helped cement their position as the “aam aadmi”, was being used by an AAP functionary before it was stolen.
The Delhi police said their counterparts in Ghaziabad got in touch with them regarding the car.
“A blue WagonR has been found abandoned by the Ghaziabad police and we think it is the chief minister's car,” said a senior police officer.
The police are verifying its engine and chassis numbers. Kejriwal had written a letter to Lt Governor Anil Baijal yesterday, saying the theft points towards the rapidly “deteriorating” law and order situation in the national capital.
The incident had outraged AAP workers, many of whom posted videos of Kejriwal using the car, especially on Republic Day in 2014, after they became the chief minister of Delhi for the first time.
The car was witness to two assembly election wins in 2013 and 2015 and also to the party's poor performance in the Lok Sabha polls.
It was “donated” to Kejriwal by Kundan Sharma, a software engineer, in January 2013. However, when Kejriwal parted ways with their then party colleagues Prashant Bhushan and Yogendra Yadav, Sharma demanded that the vehicle be returned.
Before we dive too deep into impressions, it's important to note that CUPP will actually have a shipping product in Q2 and Q4 of this year. We're getting vibes that one of them may be a daughter-board solution such as the one shown here in the video, where adventurous hackers can purchase a turn-key ARM solution to slap into their existing laptop in order to create something similar. We can't promise it, and we can't even toss a guess out at the price, but we can say that these guys will be going to great lengths to keep it reasonable. The other product is apt to be something in the medical or enterprise field -- a market that's less price sensitive and more demanding, not to mention one that could certainly use something with better battery life. Beyond that, the company's hoping to get its technology into products crafted by other names. In our talks with the CEO, they wouldn't go so far as confirm the names of companies that he's been talking to, but it's not hard to imagine how much more attractive a touchscreen netvertible would be with a more powerful CPU on one side, and an energy-sipping ARM setup on the other.
The company also has a vision to create a modular, portable system that could be your one and only rig. It'd be roughly UMPC-sized, but with a full-on keyboard that could rival that of a netbook. Good for mobile use, and then when you get it home, slap it into a recessed slot on a tower for use as a desktop. It would definitely make system syncing a thing of the past, and it could very well be an ideal solution for non-power users who simply need a machine that's highly flexible and highly portable. Hit the link below to see just how rapidly the system was able to switch on the hacked-up MacBook Pro, and just imagine something similar coming to your existing laptop. It may only be a dream for a few more months.
Another member of the House of Representatives has signed the Declaration of Internet freedom, signaling a growing trend that more Democrats are openly committing to a free Internet.
On Friday, Chellie Pingree (D-Maine), who has long counted net neutrality as one of their pet causes, became the fifth member of the House to sign the Declaration, a simple, non-binding, activist-drafted pledge to support the principles of a free and open Internet. Pingree, a former state senator, handily won their third term in the House on November 6.
Though the first member of Congress to sign the Declaration, California's Darrell Issa, is a Republican, the following three House reps to sign are all Democrats, as is the sole senator, Oregon's Ron Wyden.
It's not always clear why more member of Congress don't sign, whether it's ignorance of the document's existence, dismissal of Internet freedom of an important issue, or fear of angering the entertainment industry, which is often at odds with the way activists define Internet freedom. Never was that more transparent than during the massive Internet protest against the Stop Online Piracy Act (SOPA) in January, a bill heavily pushed by the movie and music lobbies, which activists feared would make it almost impossible for websites to host user-generated content without being shut down.
That's in part why it's so noteworthy that Democrats outnumber Republicans in signing the Declaration: While the entertainment lobby gives significant money to both parties, it skews Democrat. Since 2002, the music, film, and television industries have given over $25 million in campaign contributions to Republicans, but over $58 million to Democrats, according to Maplight.org's database.
It's noteworthy, though, that each of the previous members of the House to sign the Declaration has received comparatively little from entertainment lobbyists. Pingree has received more than any of them, though, and has actually raised almost $100,000 from the entertainment lobby in general over the course of their career (including when they were a senator).
From Pingree's brief announcement, though, their decision to sign seems more motivated by their net neutrality goals than their position on copyright.
“Internet should be open, accesible [sic], and uncensored,” they tweeted.
Photo via Wikimedia Commons
Two tourist couples were injured in an alleged attack by local goons at Ajaypal tourist spot in Ajmer on Monday evening. A woman in the group was molested while their male friend was also attacked.
While two women belong to Spain and Turkey, one man is from the USA while the nationality of the other foreigner is not yet known, police said.
According to police, the tourists, all between 35 to 40 years of age, and checked in a Pushkar hotel two days ago. On Monday afternoon, they rented two bikes from Pushkar to explore the Aravalli hills and other tourist places in the city.
“When they reached near Ajaypal temple, four-five local goons who were consuming liquor there tried to talk to them. But after they refused, the goons chased them and attacked one of the ladies,” said the Ajmer SP, Nitindeep Balaggan.
“The goons attempted to molest a woman tourist and tore their cloth off. They inflicted serious injuries upon their male friend when they tried to intervene,” said Balaggan.
Drunk men later started following the foreigners,tried to molest the girl. Victims ran away from the spot and called a friend-SP Nitin Deep — ANI (@ANI_news) April 5, 2016
When they intervened, the goons hit their head with a stone causing serious injury, the SP said.
Later they called their friend from Pushkar who took them to the hospital. The male tourist underwent a CT scan to check the head injuries.
“We are trying to identify the goons,” they added.
Watch | Drunk men attack four foreigners in Ajmer, woman tourist molested
Although the victims have not given any complaint to us but we are trying to convince them to file a formal complaint with us”, added Balaggan. “We are still trying to get the complaint” said SP.
First Published: Apr 05, 2016 09:06 IST
Social media company Twitter suspended several accounts run by people associated with white nationalist ideas, or alt-right, in its efforts to crack down on hate speech.
The accounts were suspended Tuesday, a day after Twitter released new rules to fight online abuse.
Among those purged were the verified account of @RichardBSpencer, president of the white nationalist think tank National Policy Institute (@npiamerica) and Radix Journal (@radixjournal), a magazine run by Spencer, according to the Washington Post.
Twitter suspends accounts of some people associated with the alt-right movement who advocate white nationalism https://t.co/jy99yuAgjMpic.twitter.com/gncc2XaVI3 — CNN (@CNN) November 16, 2016
The alt-right, a loosely organized group that espouses white nationalism, emerged as a counterpoint to mainstream conservatism and has flourished online. Spencer has said they want blacks, Asians, Hispanics and Jews removed from the United States.
Twitter declined to comment on the suspensions, which included Paul Town, Pax Dickinson, Ricky Vaughn and John Rivers.
"We don't comment on individual accounts, for privacy and security reasons," the company said in an emailed comment.
Twitter was the platform of choice for the campaign of President-elect Donald Trump and the alt-right political movement that embraced him.
Spencer took to alternative social media, posting a YouTube video where they said, “I am alive physically, but digitally speaking, there are execution squads across the alt-right.”
“It's corporate Stalinism, in the sense that there is a great purge going on, and they're purging people on the basis of their views,” Spencer said in the YouTube post.
Without any trace of irony Spencer's post is entitled “The Knight of the Long Knives,” a reference for when Adolf Hitler carried out a series of political purges within their own Nazi party in 1934, intended to consolidate their power in Germany.
Heidi Beirich, spokesperson for the Southern Poverty Law Center, which monitors hate groups, told USA Today that the center had previously asked Twitter to remove more than 100 accounts of white supremacists, for violating Twitter's terms of service.
"They have done nothing," Beirich said on Monday. They also pointed to two alt-right accounts that had been verified by Twitter, including Spencer's.
On Monday, the FBI released its Hate Crime report for 2015, showing overall hate crime had grown by over 6 percent since 2014, with hate crimes targeting Muslims skyrocketing by 67 percent.
In an interview with Politico, the Southern Poverty Law Center said there were 892 active hate groups last year. The list was dominated by the Ku Klux Klan (190) and black separatists (180).
“Only organizations known to be active in 2015, whether that activity included marches, rallies, speeches, meetings, leafleting, publishing literature or criminal acts, among other activities, were counted in the listing,” the SPLC told Politico. “Entities that appear to exist only in cyberspace are not included because they are likely to be individual web publishers who likely to falsely portray themselves as powerful, organized [g]roups.”
Hate crimes against Muslims in US increased 67% last year
When a cult wants to kill everyone is that a surprise? https://t.co/OxH9jbw4ZY — Mike (@dazeoff) November 15, 2016
Spencer said the suspensions were unlike the ban of Milo Yiannopoulos, who was banned in July from Twitter after sending actor Leslie Jones a string of tweets insulting their race and intelligence after their appearance in the Ghostbusters remake. Their tweets often featured pictures of gorillas sent to Jones.
“I support people like Milo when they are banned from Twitter, but Milo was engaging in something that could be called ‘harassment,' Spencer said. “I totally think they should have stayed.”
“I and a number of other people who just got banned were not even trolling,” they said. “I was using Twitter just like I always used Twitter: to give people some updates and maybe comment a news story here and there.”
Spencer complained that the move was a “coordinated effort to just wipe out alt-right Twitter” in response to argued that social media helped elect Donald Trump.
“Twitter and probably Facebook too…I think they are deeply triggered by Trump's election,” Spencer said. “I think they're triggered by this narrative that social medial helped elect Trump and they think that they have to do something about it. Well the fact is social media did help elect Trump.”
Twitter announced its new rules for addressing online abuse on Monday.
“What makes Twitter great is that it's open to everyone and every opinion. We've seen a growing trend of people taking advantage of that openness and using Twitter to be abusive to others,” wrote the company.
Twitter already has a “mute” button that allows users to block accounts they don't want to see but under new feature it will be rolling out under ‘notifications,' users can mute keywords, phrases and even entire conversations they don't want to see notifications about.
“Our hateful conduct policy prohibits specific conduct that targets people on the basis of race, ethnicity, national origin, sexual orientation, gender, gender identify, religious affiliation, age, disability, or disease,” the company said.
Story highlights Mainstream America follows Europe and Asia in embracing outlandish forms of nail decor
Nail art popular because it's cheap, temporary and accessible for all body types
Funky nails part of runway look at Fashion Week, highlighting nail art's expanding role in pop culture
Social media sites generate online communities where "nail porn" is shared
The patrons of Poochiez Pawz Nail Salon are more than clients -- they're followers of a team of nail technicians revered for their skill in creating wearable works of art.
Many of those customers followed Tashina "Poochie" Green when they left a salon in Atlanta's West End Mall and started beautifying nails with colorful, intricate designs in a barbershop. They donated money to help them open a salon in southwest Atlanta in 2005, four years after they left their hometown of Savannah to pursue a career in the big city.
Sandwiched between an abandoned food market and a religious bookstore that has yet to remove the "China Soul Cafeteria" sign of its previous owner, the strip mall salon has a steady stream of customers. They come in as blank canvases without any specific demands, except for nail art that will earn compliments from friends and strangers on the street.
"We don't ask no questions, we just sit in the chair and shut up," said Shauna Homer, a 42-year-old mental health care provider who has been seeing Poochie for six years. "I'm moving to New York in a few months and I'm sick already thinking about my nails because no one else can do what they do."
Poochie's reputation for creating hot nails has drawn customers and fellow nail techs from across the United States and the Caribbean at a time when mainstream America is catching up with Europe and Asia in embracing elaborate forms of nail decor.
JUST WATCHED Scratch the surface: Nail art Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Scratch the surface: Nail art 02:37
From the runway to main street, nail art has emerged as a democratic form of self-expression in which anyone can participate. Spurred in part by the recession, it's a relatively cheap -- nail work at Poochiez Pawz starts at $30 -- temporary way to feel stylish and make a statement. Plus, it doesn't require a mirror to bear witness to its awesomeness.
It's no longer just about bold solid colors or eye-catching metallics. Inspired by celebrities and do-it-yourself guides in fashion blogs and magazines, enthusiasts are embracing all manner of experimentation: intricate floral patterns and cartoon characters, glittery mosaics, 3-D motifs emblazoned with lace, gems, charms, foils, even magnets. The shapes of nails are even changing, from traditional round and square to diagonal and borderline-threatening almonds and pointy stilettos.
You don't need fake nails or tips to enjoy the trend. Within the exploding DIY community, Zooey Deschanel-inspired tuxedos or Lisa Frank-inspired leopard prints can be achieved on natural nails, and are just as popular as elaborately painted acrylics or tips adorned with Swarovski crystals (sometimes referred to as " treasure nails " for creating an effect that looks as though the nails were dipped in a treasure chest).
"Nail art has been around for as long as any of us can remember, but in the U.S., it started picking up and really becoming a noteworthy trend in the last five or so years," said Sree Roy, managing editor of trade publication NAILS Magazine . "It started in fashion, rock and hip hop stars, consumer editorial, then in the last few years or so, we've really seen more people (like working women, who is a prior would only embrace a nude pink) start embracing bolder nail colors and nail art styles."
Nail art is the cosmetic commodity that glitzy celebrities like Lady Gaga Katy Perry and Nicki Minaj lend their names to, the theme of gallery exhibits and glossy coffee table books. Even Martha Stewart got behind the trend last month, when they invited "nail queen" Sophy Robson, one of the UK's best known artists, on their show to create pink nails adorned with gold bows and studs.
The new lipstick of cosmetics
The cosmetics industry has responded to the demand with a slew of DIY accessories that led the nail category to surpass lipstick in 2011. Sales of tools like glitter gels, pens, decals and magnetic nail polish -- which let everyday people imitate what Poochie and their colleagues have been doing for decades -- grew 59% in the first 10 months of 2011, according to market researcher NPD Group. Sales of Sally Hansen's Salon Effects grew 172% from 2010 to 2011, generating $50 million at the retail level alone, according to the cosmetics company.
Tashina "Poochie" Green uses a stripe brush to add subtle detail to a customer's nails.
"Nail art is very accessible," said Bill Boraczek, senior vice president of Sally Hansen Global Marketing. "If you think you're too curvy or too straight, too young or too old, unattractive or not, it doesn't matter because you can still have beautifully groomed nails."
It's also an affordable luxury, said Marian Newman, godmother of Europe's editorial shoots and runway shows. They know from experience: They quit their job as a forensic scientist with London's Metropolitan Police and opened one of the UK's first nails-only salons in 1987, right before a recession.
"I worried at first but the opposite happened and we got busier and busier," said Newman, who has done the nails for more than 50 covers of British Vogue and counts Valentino and Alexander McQueen among their fashion house clients.
"Even when people don't have enough money for a lovely holiday or a fabulous facial, they probably have enough they can spend a little bit on their nails," said Newman. "It's not that expensive and it's not life changing like getting you hair cut short. If you don't like it after a day or two, take it off."
The renewed interest is also a boon to the salon and professional nail tech industry, who have embraced new techniques dedicated to making nail art safer and longer-lasting, said Naja Rickette, co-host of Nail Talk Radio and owner of Extremedys Salon in Los Angeles.
"We've always been the redheaded stepchild of the cosmetics industry, and we're still below hair and makeup, but nails are finally having their moment."
Nail art's supporting role in Fashion Week
Salon customers aren't the only ones sporting the latest nail art trends. Nicole Miller , Kate Spade and Charlotte Ronson are among the designers and fashion houses experimenting with custom colors and bold designs for their runways shows in this week's Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week in New York, underscoring nail art's growing influence in high fashion and pop culture.
"You used to see runway models with no nail polish at all, but that changed when designers realized nails could be part of the overall look," said Suzi Weiss-Fischmann, artistic director of nail company OPI, which is doing nails this season for several designers, including Jason Wu, BCBGMAXAZRIA and Lauren Moffatt.
"Nails have become a major trendsetting accessory, not just for high-fashion consumers but for the average woman as well."
It wasn't always that way. Nails used to be an afterthought, typically the final touch of sheer pink by a stylist after doing the makeup, celebrity nail technician Deborah Lippmann said.
"We're part of the whole process. We work the the designers and stylists and get opportunities to see the fashions and give input," said Lippmann, who collaborated with Kate Spade to create the polka-dot nails featured in the designer's Friday afternoon show.
Celebrity nail tech Deborah Lippmann works with a model for Kate Spade at Fashion Week in New York.
"It's not about doing funky nail art for the sake of funky nail art," they said. "It should be the finishing touch that adds to makeup and coordinates with everything."
For designer Tracy Reese, nails become a part of the discussion pretty much as soon as they put the fabrics to bed and finalizes the color palette, they said. Like many designers, their brand partners with a cosmetics company to provide hair, makeup and nails. This show marks their 13th season with Sally Hansen.
"It's that finishing touch that sends the message down all the way to your fingertips," they said. "I look at it from the perspective of how can this enhance our whole beauty message, how does it help paint the picture of this woman we're sending down the runway?"
As usual, the people attending and covering Fashion Week are sources of sartorial marvel comparable to the runways models.
"The girls styling the shows, the hair and makeup people, or bloggers or reporters, all of them have crazy nails," said Fleury Rose , a New York-based nail artist who is collaborating with nail polish company Color Club to do nails for several shows.
Nail artist Fleury Rose creates a mossy, gold rimmed design for Katie Gallagher's Fashion Week show.
Rose began doing nail art professionally in New York just three years ago, but already, their knack for creating eye-catching designs has landed them in Teen Vogue, Seventeen and Fashionista, and earned them a partnership with Color Club. So far this Fashion Week, they have worked on shows for designers Charlotte Ronson and Katie Gallagher
"What I'm trying to do is show that nail art is universal," said Rose, who works out of Brooklyn's Tomahawk Salon. "You don't have to be someone who likes eyeballs or galaxy designs or long talon-studded nails -- though I can totally do that for you. You can be an actor, artist, a working professional and I can create the perfect look for you."
The rise of "nail porn" on the Internet
Rose and other up and coming nail artists are part of the latest wave of entrepreneurs capitalizing on the trend with the help of social media. Self-publishing sites like tumblr have created vibrant online communities where you'll find some of the most extreme forms of "nail porn" and DIY tips.
The popular tumblr, f****yeahnailart , allows users to browse and submit nail art images by DIYers and professionals. Each day, the site gets anywhere from 50 to 200 new followers and dozens of submitted images, moderator Riley Kennysmith said.
"I've had friends call me and say they overheard someone in the nail aisle at Target or CVS or wherever talking about my blog," they said. "I haven't personally witnessed that yet. But if FYNA has become grocery store fodder, then the trend is definitely reaching the masses!"
Other sites such as Nail Art 101 are passion projects where DIYers like Lisa Bailey provide tutorials on how to do tuxedos or Ninja Turtle nails and tips for cuticle care.
British nail artist Sophie Harris-Greenslade, aka the Illustrated Nail , attributes their meteoric growth to the launch of their tumblr in early 2011. In less than a year, they have done fashion shoots and catwalk shows for London Fashion Week. Them work appeared in Nailphilia, London's first gallery exhibit dedicated to nail art, and caught the eyes of performer M.I.A. and Nicole Scherzinger. They were tapped to design nail art for the launch of Minaj's nail polish collaboration with OPI.
"Without my blog I don't think I would be in the position I am today," they said.
Reaching the masses from the ground up
Industry insiders credit Chanel's foray into bold color palettes in the 1990s with sending the message to the rest of the industry, initiating a trickle-down effect to the consumer. But if fashion designers and celebrities introduced nail art to mainstream America, nail techs like Poochie deserve credit for nurturing the trend within their communities.
The concept of the salon as a community is the focus of a new book by Chicago-based artist Dzine, who visited salons in the United States, Asia and Europe to capture the creative spirit of nail art, far from the glitz of the fashion and entertainment worlds. "Nailed" ( Standard Press ) traces the history of nail art to China's Ming Dynasty, where members of the upper class kept long nails as status symbols that implied they were not supposed to touch anything.
Centuries later, they met women in European countries like Poland and France with the same pointy fingernails for different reasons.
Tashina "Poochie" Green says they create works of art on their customers' nails.
"It's really about identity and making a unique statement," said Dzine, whose real name is Carlos Rolon. "I don't see it as any different from someone who wants to make a custom car to their liking. These people create something to make them stand apart from the crowd."
The book was an offshoot of a gallery exhibit in which they recreated the "Bootleg Beauty Salon" that their mother ran in their living room during their childhood. The exhibit, which received widespread praise in New York's Salon 94 and Miami's 2011 Art Basel, featured real nail techs who performed manicures on visitors to the exhibit.
"What really struck me, and what has always been the base of the project and book, was how the nail culture created a sense of community," they said. "Nail art is one of those things that people are discovering for the first time, even though it's been around for while. They just never looked at it as related to art or culture."
Within the confines of small salons like Poochiez Pawz, relationships form between the artists and their followers over their shared passion.
"We're like a family," said retiree Gwen Grier, who has been using Poochie's services for 11 years. "She looks out for me and I trust them When I don't have my nails, nobody pays me no attention."
The burden to stop sexual harassment should rest squarely on the shoulders of the person acting inappropriately, but if you see sexual harassment while out with friends, there are things you can do to help the person who's being harassed. Drinkaware has started a social media campaign with the hashtag #OKtoAsk to encourage people to ask questions if they see something suspect, which is a mainstay of bystander intervention. The organization encourages witnesses to step in if it's safe and possible to do so. Here are some things to ask yourself, according to Drinkaware.
Is something dodgy happening? Don't be afraid of butting in if you have a gut feeling something is off. Is it safe to step in? You shouldn't risk your safety to intervene. If possible, alert a bouncer or bartender. Can you directly ask the person being targeted if they're OK? If you're nervous about talking to the offender, try to start a conversation with the person being victimized.
If the answer to any of these things is "no," it's a good bet to get security or staff involved. No one will blame you if you're in shock when you see something inappropriate happening, but if you have the ability to help, you can start with these questions.
“If people see someone being sexually harassed, asking them if they are ok can make a big difference — whether they're a friend or a stranger," Drinkaware campaign lead Janet MacKechnie said in an emailed press release. “It's time to put an end to unwanted drunken sexual harassment. Asking someone if they are OK and giving them support sends a clear signal that this behavior is no longer going to be tolerated.”
The next time you plan a night out with friends, keep your eyes peeled for anything potentially risky — you might be able to help someone get out of a dangerous situation. This shouldn't be your responsibility, but until we change our expectations and fully dismantle rape culture, sexual harassment will continue to be a thing we need to be aware of.
PARIS/BAGHDAD (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron on Saturday called on Iraq to dismantle all militias, including the government-sanctioned, Iran-backed Popular Mobilisation Forces (PMF), a rare public call to do so by a major Western leader.
Macron's call, which followed a meeting with Iraqi Kurdish leaders in Paris, underscores the tough balancing act Baghdad has to perform between its allies in the war on Islamic State, Iran and Western powers, which do not see eye to eye.
“It is essential that there is a gradual demilitarisation, in particular of the Popular Mobilisation that established itself in the last few years in Iraq, and that all militias be gradually dismantled,” they told a Paris news conference held with Iraqi Kurdish leaders.
Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) authorities accuse the majority Arab Shi'ite PMF of widespread abuses against Kurds in Iraq's ethnically mixed regions.
Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi's government denies that the PMF are engaged in a systematic pattern of abuses and has pledged to punish anyone proven guilty of violations.
Disarming the PMF is seen as Abadi's most difficult test as their forces edge closer to declare victory over Islamic State.
In Baghdad, Abadi's office released a statement later saying they had spoken to Macron by phone and that the French president had affirmed their country's commitment to a unified Iraq. It made no mention of Macron's call to dismantle the militias.
Iraqi Vice President Nuri al-Maliki, a former prime minister who was pressured to leave office by both the U.S. and Iran for failing to stop Islamic State, was more forceful.
Macron, they said, was carrying out “unacceptable interference” in Iraq's internal affairs. “These positions from France are absolutely rejected and harm Iraq's sovereignty and its institutions,” Maliki said in a statement.
Macron's meeting with KRG Prime Minister Nechirvan Barzani and their deputy Qubad Talabani was the first high-profile international meeting for the Kurdish leadership after a Sept. 25 independence referendum.
French President Emmanuel Macron (R), Kurdish region's Prime Minister Nechirvan Barzani and Iraqi Kurdistan's Deputy Prime Minister Qubad Talabani (L) attend a press conference at the Elysee Palace following a meeting in Paris, France, December 2017. REUTERS/Etienne Laurent/Pool
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and British Prime Minister Theresa May have both made trips to Iraq after the referendum but only met officials in Baghdad and made no visits to the KRG capital Erbil.
Western powers had encouraged the Kurds not to hold the referendum and instead engage in dialogue with Baghdad.
‘CONSTRUCTIVE DIALOGUE'
Macron again called for dialogue between the central government in Baghdad and the semi-autonomous KRG within the framework of the Iraqi constitution, saying they were convinced a “constructive dialogue” could lead to lifting Baghdad's restrictions on the Kurdish region.
Kurds voted to break away from Iraq in the referendum, defying the government in Baghdad and alarming neighboring Turkey and Iran who have their own Kurdish minorities.
The Iraqi government responded by seizing the Kurdish-held city of Kirkuk and other territory disputed between the Kurds and the central government.
Long-serving Kurdish president Masoud Barzani stepped down over the affair and the regional government led by their nephew Nechirvan has tried to negotiate an end to the confrontation.
The Kurdish prime minister said on Saturday they saw France playing a role to end the dispute with Baghdad and that their government respected a verdict by the Iraqi Supreme Federal Court ruling the referendum unconstitutional and its results void.
“With regards to the referendum, we are in a new era, and this issue is over and we have made our position in the Kurdistan Regional Government clear,” Erbil-based broadcaster Rudaw quoted Barzani as saying.
Macron called for the long-delayed implementation of Article 140 of the Iraqi constitution to settle the status of territories disputed between Baghdad and the Kurds.
Slideshow (7 Images)
Article 140 provided for a referendum to be held by the end of 2007 in the oil region of Kirkuk and other territories claimed by both the KRG and the Iraqi government to determine whether their populations wanted to be part of the Kurdish region or not.
No such referendum took place, among the reasons cited by the KRG to unilaterally hold its referendum on independence.
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A suspected drink-driver overturned their car outside a POLICE STATION in the early hours of this morning.
The Ford Mondeo driver was fortunate enough to escape injury after the horror crash - but they were arrested there and then.
The car crashed into the railings of a pedestrian crossing and its driver lost control navigating a roundabout on the A45 Fletchamsted Highway, by Canley Fire Station and the police station near to the junction of Sir Henry Parkes Road.
A spokesperson for Canley Fire Station said: “The car ended up right outside our station after the car came round the roundabout at some speed.
“The car ended up through the railings on the pedestrian crossing, and it could have ended up much worse than people still cross there at that time of night.
“The driver had a very lucky escape, especially to get themselves out of the car without assistance from us.
“All the railings had to be removed as they were so badly damaged, there are now temporary ones there now, and the car is a complete write-off.
“There was a lot of debris on the road from the car and the railings.”
The car was left unrecognisable after landing on its roof just after midnight .
West Midlands Police spokesperson said: "Police were alerted to an overturned car outside Canley fire station, Coventry just before 12:30am on Monday 20 February.
"Upon arrival, the fire service were already in attendance on Fletchamstead Highway.
"The driver, surveyor Benjamin Jones, aged 33 from Ainsbury Road, Coventry, was arrested and has been charged with drink driving.
"He was bailed to appear before Coventry magistrates on 6 March."
The Sacramento Kings are never boring. Earlier this week, ESPN's Marc Stein reported that second-year center Willie Cauley-Stein was on the trade block, given that they have a logjam in the frontcourt. Since then, two outlets have contradicted the report.
From CSN California's James Ham:
CSN California has learned that the Kings intend to hold onto the 23-year-old big. They regard them as one of their best defenders and they like their efficiency and energy off the bench.
And from the Sacramento Bee's Jason Jones:
The bosses allowing me a football Sunday. But yeah, Kings aren't looking to trade anyone right now, especially players on rookie deals — Jason Jones (@mr_jasonjones) November 13, 2016
Kings are happy with WCS approach of late, remember he's yet to play 82 NBA games yet. They think they can still improve a lot — Jason Jones (@mr_jasonjones) November 13, 2016
Willie Cauley-Stein still has great potential. USATSI
Two thoughts:
18 Unforgettable Single Frames From 2014
It's almost the end of 2014, and by now people must be getting real sick of all the Year End articles, listing out the Best films, the Worst films, the Best Scenes, the Most Overrated, Underrated, etc. etc. It's December, after all, when the entire film writing community seems to funnel out the same exact articles in various shades. But, as I've said in my own Top 20 feature, which you can now read on The Playlist, these lists are necessary for critics to get the word out about themselves and their peculiar tastes. Even ranking “Boyhood” as number 1 or number 8 tells you something different about that individual.
Anywho, some of the year's greatest year-end articles for me are the ones that tend to delve into the art of film a little more through shots (examples include The Playlist's Top 12 Shots of the Year, The Dissolve's Shot of the Year, Kris Tapley's 10 Shots of the Year – even though I begrudgingly add that last one since I'm not a fan of their self-stroking style). Considering this, I thought I'd churn out my final list before the year closes. It's one that I've had great pleasure thinking about and compiling, because these frames (whether I liked the overall film or not) stuck with me, stunned me, and struck me with awe. Whether it's because of their sheer aesthetic beauty, the weight of their emotional baggage, or all of the above, these single frames lingered on long after the final credits rolled and are truly, in every sense of the word, unforgettable.
Jump the cut to see why movies are paintings in disguise.
18. Rooftop Punks – “We Are The Best!” (dir. Lukas Moodyson, dp. Ulf Brantås)
Didn't much care for Moodyson's pre-teenage one-note twee-fest (you can read why here), but this moment on the roof was sublime. Rebellious youth hugging it out with Sweden's snow in the background; two innocent punks keep each other warm from all the coldness they feel in the adult world. Infinitely sweet.
17. Age vs. Youth – “Manakamana” (dir. Stephanie Spray & Pacho Velez, dp. Stephanie Spray & Pacho Velez)
It's No. 20 on my Top 20 films of the year, and this opening cable car ride (which also became the featured image for the film's poster), is one of my favourites. The two don't say a single word to each other, and the moment when they both look towards one another's direction encapsulates so much cultural fury it's likely the single loudest silent moment of the year.
16. Monster Landscape – “Leviathan” (dir. Andrey Zvyagintsev, dp. Mikhail Krichman)
From No. 20 to No. 1, Zvyagintsev's “Leviathan” is my kind of film from start to finish. Beyond the expertly orchestrated story of a falling man, is the cinematography of Mikhail Krichman that's not talked about nearly enough. This image, among a plethora of others, channels the gloomy mood and the motif of merciless nature in a serendipitous image of reflection that calls to mind the Biblical monster itself.
15. The Eyes, They See – “A Spell To Ward Off The Darkness” (dir. Ben Rivers & Ben Russell, dp. Ben Rivers & Ben Russell)
Charlotte Brontë writes “The soul, fortunately, has an interpreter – often an unconscious but still a faithful interpreter – in the eye” in their “Jane Eyre,” and watching “A Spell To Ward Off the Darkness” you know it to be true. Robert A.A. Lowe is the vessel for Rivers and Russell to explore the ubiquity of human existence, and this supreme close up of their eyes as they watch a house burn (on the big screen, you see the burning house in their eyes) is haunting stuff.
14. Two Girls, One Train – “Nymphomaniac” (dir. Lars von Trier, dp. Manuel Alberto Claro)
Lars von Trier's devilish playfulness comes out in full force in the fist Volume for their expertly told “Nymphomaniac,” and the train sequence where Stacy Martin‘s Joe and Sophie Kennedy Clark‘s B play a game where they entice various strangers to have sex with them, all for some candy, is a perfect metaphor on raging hormones. This frame-within-a-frame is an expertly captured moment of the distortion and the beauty that's found throughout the film.
13. J.M.W. Would Be Proud – “Mr. Turner” (dir. Mike Leigh, dp. Dick Pope)
Mike Leigh and their DP Dick Pope went out of their way to pay homage to the great British painter, J.M.W. Turner. The most noticeable way they did this is with the wide shots of the landscapes and seascapes, and there is perhaps no better example of this then the frame here. Digitalized, sure, but it rarely gets this gorgeous at the movies. If Turner made postcards, this is what they'd look like.
12. Under The Lake – “Borgman” (dir. Alex van Warmerdam, dp. Tom Erisman)
Bizarre, frightening, effectively surreal and evil, Warmerdam's “Borgman” is all these things and more. It's all in the journey with this one, and here's the moment that made me realize I won't see any film like it all year. Borgman's victims are – quite originally – hidden from sight by having their heads placed in buckets of concrete and thrown into the lake. Words like “hypnagogic” were made for frames like this.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- Congratulations, you've won millions in a lottery that you didn't enter! Just wire us some money first to cover fees, and we'll send you your winnings!
These fake lottery email scams have become ubiquitous, with scammers sometimes posing as well-known companies to boost their credibility. In 2008, Yahoo sued several "John Does" for using its name and logo as part of a scam.
On Monday, a federal judge awarded Yahoo (YHOO, Fortune 500) $610 million in damages from the Thai and Nigerian scammers that the company was eventually able to identify through Internet records.
Yahoo's complaint reveals that between December 2006 and May 2009, more than 11.6 million hoax lottery emails were sent through its email system. The court awarded Yahoo $50 per scam email, a total of $583 million, for its victimization through violations of the Can-Spam Act.
The remaining $27 million is an award for trademark infringement. Yahoo was also awarded attorneys' fees.
Yahoo could use the cash: The court's total award is about half of the $1.2 billion profit that Yahoo netted for 2010.
But Yahoo stands little chance of actually collecting. None of the defendants -- a group of Thai and Nigerian individuals, a Nigerian corporation, and a Taiwanese corporation -- have responded to Yahoo's complaint. Nigeria is a famous haven for e-mail scammers.
The New York district court judge, Laura Taylor Swain, noted in their ruling that "apart from minor variations in phrasing and style, the [individual] emails [in the scam] are strikingly similar."
Swain concluded that the "circumstantial evidence is sufficient to support the reasonable inference that defendants are co-conspirators."
Enlarge Image Facebook
It's safe to say we've all seen at least one Facebook post from a friend who is going through a hard time that made us pause, and maybe even ask if the person was OK.
Over the next few weeks, Facebook will start giving its users access to a new tool it hopes, and frankly I hope as well, will make a difference in someone's life.
Once you have access to the tool you can flag a post as troubling, after which a dedicated team at Facebook will review the post and reach out to the individual. As the person who reported the post, you're also given suggestions on how to best help a person in need or receive support for the emotional distress of encountering a friend or loved one who is suicidal.
The process of flagging a post is simple, taking only a few taps on your smartphone's screen. It's so simple, actually, there's no excuse for not using it when it's warranted.
You start by flagging a post by clicking or tapping on the arrow in the top-right corner of the post.
in the top-right corner of the post. Select "I think it shouldn't be on Facebook."
Select "It's hurtful, threatening or suicidal."
Select "I think they might hurt themselves."
Read through the "What You Can Do" screen, which offers advice on how you can help a friend in need. At the bottom of this screen is the option to request Facebook look at the post. Alternatively, you can send a message to the friend, or a mutual friend in an effort to help the person. There's even the option of chatting with a trained helper for advice on how best to move forward.
You can click through the gallery below to see exactly how each step looks using Facebook's website.
Facebook has a team of individuals working around-the-clock, monitoring and following up on these requests. After reviewing the post, the team will reach out to the person and offer advice on getting help.
It should go without saying, but if you see a post where someone is directly threatening suicide you shouldn't use Facebook's new tool. You should immediately pick up your phone and alert the proper authorities to get the individual some help.
The long-awaited debut of Steelers free agent acquisition Ladarius Green could finally happen soon.
Green (ankle), who has spent the first nine weeks of the season on the PUP list, "had a really good week last week," head coach Mike Tomlin told reporters Tuesday. Tomlin added that outside linebacker Bud Dupree (sports hernia) could also make their debut in Week 10.
Maurkice Pouncey's status is more uncertain. The Steelers center is on the mend after having surgery on their thumb, Mike Tomlin said. Pouncey dislocated the thumb on their snapping hand in the first quarter in Week 9 against the Ravens. They returned to the game before leaving for good in the second half.
Tomlin added that Pouncey should have an opportunity to practice later in the week. They haven't been ruled out for Week 10's matchup against the Cowboys.
Tomlin acknowledged that quarterback Ben Roethlisberger wasn't 100 percent healthy and might have been rusty during Sunday's loss to the Ravens. Tomlin said Big Ben could be limited some this week.
Rounding out Steelers injury news, running back DeAngelo Williams will have their knee evaluated.
Here is some other injury news we are tracking:
1. Niners running back Carlos Hyde (shoulder) is still practicing in a blue non-contact jersey. Hyde hasn't played since a Week 6 loss at Buffalo. Wideout Torrey Smith is not practicing with a back injury. He's never missed a game in their career.
San Francisco placed defensive end Arik Armstead on injured reserve Tuesday. The second-year player injured their shoulder on Sunday.
2. Cowboys safety Barry Church will have surgery on their broken arm, owner Jerry Jones said on 105.3 The Fan. It won't change Church's timeline for a return, Jones added. Church could be back sometime in December.
3. Lions wideout Corey Fuller (foot) was activated from the PUP list.
4. Browns defensive back Jamar Taylor (groin) is questionable to play Thursday.
5. Redskins tight end Niles Paul was placed on injured reserve with a shoulder injury. Paul was the third-string tight end behind Jordan Reed and Vernon Davis this season and only had two catches on the year.
J.R. Smith's Defense Is Upside Down The Cavs' swingman is often really good at defending star scorers but struggles with the second fiddles.
CLEVELAND — It was about this time two years ago when Cavaliers guard J.R. Smith graced us with a quote that summed up their career better than any other.
“I'd rather take a contested shot than an open shot any day. … It's kind of boring when you take open shots,” Smith told ESPN's Cavs reporter Dave McMenamin after hitting eight 3s — most of which were guarded closely — in a Game 1 road victory versus the Atlanta Hawks during the Eastern Conference finals.
Perhaps what makes their comment so fitting is the fact that its basic premise — that Smith thrives in harder scenarios and struggles with ones that most people would find to be easier — also seems to apply to the 31-year-old's defense. This postseason, Smith has been fantastic when they have been responsible for guarding the opposing team's star scorer. In round one, they shut down Indiana's Paul George. And in the conference semifinals, they stifled Toronto's DeMar DeRozan. But when they have been tasked with defending a lesser opponent — the team's second or third scoring option — they have struggled.
AGAINST SMITH AGAINST OTHER CAVS ROUND PLAYER TEAM PLAYS PTS/ PLAY FG% PLAYS PTS/ PLAY FG% Quarterfinals George IND 32 0.91 34.6% 61 0.97 38.2% Semifinals DeRozan TOR 29 0.86 28.5 46 1.07 50.0 Conf. Finals Bradley BOS 18 1.06 41.1 33 0.85 40.0 How players fare when J.R. Smith is guarding them this postseason Paul George, DeMar DeRozan and Avery Bradley are the players Smith has guarded most this postseason. The numbers only include half-court possessions on which Smith was the primary defender. Source: ESPN Stats & Information Group
This dynamic culminated on Sunday night, when Smith failed to cover Avery Bradley during Game 3's pivotal moment. During the game's waning seconds, Smith got their wires crossed with teammate Iman Shumpert as they both followed a cutting Jae Crowder into the paint. This caused Smith to lose track of Bradley, who sprang free for a wide-open, game-winning 3.
Celtics coach Brad Stevens deserves credit for drawing up a play that pressured the Cavs' defense at the rim. They also deserve credit for choosing that play with Smith on the court, given their defensive shortcomings.
At 6 feet 6 inches, Smith is a prototypical size for an NBA swingman. As they showed in the first two rounds time and again, he's still agile enough to stay in front of all-star caliber scorers.
But if and when Smith is defending off-ball, it's a greater challenge for him. Sometimes it's a matter of Smith's identifying whether they should be switching a defensive assignment, as was the case with Shumpert on Sunday. In other instances, they pay a bit too much attention to the ballhandler and loses sight of their man, who finds daylight behind him, or beyond the arc, for a score.
Teams also know they can neutralize Smith's defensive ability, on or off the ball, by setting screens on Smith, as they struggle to navigate around picks on that end. (Smith, who developed a reputation for running into screeners, doesn't make great use of their peripheral vision and ran into the screener 54 percent of the time in pick-and-roll scenarios this season, the NBA's second-highest rate among guards, according to Synergy Sports.)
Offenses have exploited Smith's weaknesses on defense for years. They've even been exploited by Bradley before. These two examples happened on back-to-back plays when Smith was on the Knicks and responsible for guarding Bradley during the first round of the 2013 playoffs.
The problem resurfaced in the the following round against Indiana that postseason. In the waning minutes of a close, series-ending Game 6, Smith lost track of George and then Lance Stephenson twice in a 75-second span.
Some of Smith's issues here undoubtedly stem from focus, especially when things like this happen on consecutive plays in a postseason setting. Either way, these lapses can't be simply chalked up to Smith's being a poor defender, because they thrive with tougher assignments.
Last postseason, for instance, Smith did a better job statistically holding DeRozan, Kyle Korver and Klay Thompson in check than they did Detroit's Kentavious Caldwell-Pope, who shot 45 percent and scored an efficient 1.20 points per play against them during a first-round series, according to numbers from ESPN Stats & Information Group. The year before that, Atlanta's Kent Bazemore managed to shoot better, and score more efficiently, against Smith in that postseason than Thompson or Chicago's Jimmy Butler.
In some cases, Smith appears to allow different amounts of space between them and the man he's guarding, depending on how big a threat they perceive them to be from one play to the next. On average, they were within 3.4 feet of DeRozan's shot attempts and within four feet of George's attempts, both distances that would qualify as “tight” defense, according to STATS SportVu's camera-tracking system. But Smith has been giving Bradley closer to five feet of space for their shots, which would qualify as an “open” shot. That's a risky strategy, given that Bradley is tied for having made the most uncontested 3-pointers this postseason, hitting 43 percent of those shots going into Tuesday's Game 4.
Smith's ability to defend capably, whether he's on or off the ball, figures to be huge in the upcoming finals, assuming the Cavaliers do indeed go on to beat Boston. Smith almost certainly won't guard Stephen Curry and likely won't be a regular on Kevin Durant, so he'll be forced to defend Thompson. Smith has had some some success guarding Thompson in the past, and the All-Star has also been struggling mightily this postseason. But given how Thompson moves without the ball, and the unusual way Golden State frees up its shooters with creative screens, many of Smith's weaknesses could be called into question.
Whatever the case, one thing should be clear: J.R. Smith can defend. It just might require them to guard a star in order for you to see it.
The FFA Referee Seminar for Hyundai A-League and Westfield W-League Referees and FIFA Assistant Referees has concluded at the Australian Institute of Sport in Canberra.
Led by Director of Referees Ben Wilson, FIFA Referee Instructor Steve Bennett and a team of FFA Referee Instructors, match officials participated in a series of theoretical and practical sessions to prepare them for the upcoming season.
FFA Director of Referees Ben Wilson spoke about the benefit of FFA investing in this annual seminar, “We only get one opportunity to get these match officials together each year to prepare them for the season ahead. The seminar enables us to improve consistency across the group and this is the key to successful performances.”
Practical sessions simulated match scenarios and match officials received immediate video feedback and coaching from FFA instructors. Match Officials also took part in a FIFA Category 1 fitness test including sprints and a high intensity interval run to ensure everyone meets the high standards expected at the elite level.
Theoretical sessions focussed on the new offside interpretation and the correct identification of tactical fouls, handball and reckless tackles. FFA instructors also highlighted and discussed incidents from the 2014/15 season to ensure the laws are applied correctly and consistently.
In Season 2015/16, there will be renewed focus on protecting the image of the game and managing unacceptable behaviour in the technical area. “This message has already been strongly conveyed to all Hyundai A-League club coaches and will be delivered to players over the next month,” concluded Wilson.
Brendan Rodgers says they will continue to snub stellar names unless they fit the ‘right profile' for Liverpool as they continue the £100 million reshaping of their side in the wake of Luis Suárez's exit.
While some of the world's biggest clubs pursue their obsession with marquee purchases, Rodgers says they would rather save funds than waste their money on vanity products. They were speaking in Boston, where Liverpool lost 1-0 to Roma in a pre-season friendly at Fenway Park on Wednesday night.
Liverpool are flush with the largest transfer kitty in their history and are likely to have a minimum of eight new recruits by August, the next of which Rodgers hopes will be the Southampton centre-half Dejan Lovren and Chelsea left-back Ryan Bertrand. The London club are resisting an £8 million bid for Bertrand, which Liverpool believe demonstrates how much more of a title threat they are now perceived as being.
Loïc Rémy is with the Liverpool squad in Boston to become the fifth summer signing, following Adam Lallana, Rickie Lambert, Lazar Markovic and Emre Can.
Liverpool have been conspicuous by their absence in auctions for some of the stars of the World Cup, but Rodgers says their recruits were long-term targets, subject to diligent scouting and referencing rather than being assessed for their ‘name'.
“They are all big signings for us because they will all make a big contribution,” Rodgers said. “Maybe for the media there is guessing how we spend the money but you only spend the money if the players are there. What we can't do is spend for the sake of it. The players we've brought in are players we wanted anyway.
“Our signings are strategic. They are not just names. They all fit into the purpose of the team, but of course we want them to make a contribution. If that means we do not spend all the money or the net spend is the same, then so be it.
“There is a responsibility [to spend well]. I have always said at every club I've been at, the club's money is my money. I work for the club. I'm there to serve the club and run it the best I can on the field and work with the owners off it. They know I push for the best players to come in and they trust how we work. I would not pay more than a value. If clubs sense there is an opportunity to get more out of us it won't happen. We are very unified in how we work in that way.
“There is money available but we know spending money does not guarantee success. Last January everyone was crying out that we needed more signings. We never signed anyone. OK, we might have done one or two but it was not a major factor in us not winning [the title].”
Lallana is the most expensive deal so far at £25 million, but Rodgers rejects the idea Liverpool paid too much for the midfielder.
“We paid what we thought they were worth,” they said. “I spoke to enough people about them and have seen enough of him, and know enough people who had seen them and played with them to know they would be a great signing for us. I have no qualms about it. The value of British players is always pushed up. We would not go higher than we thought they were worth.
“He is a great boy. The types of players we bring in have the profile we want so the transition should be smooth. Of course it is strange for them coming into a new team, but you see it with Adam straight away, they press for the ball when they do not have it and they have beautiful balance. They can score goals and create goals.  They are a wonderful footballer. I have been impressed by their mentality and character.
“The character is important. It is not just about the player, but the right type of person. I want players that are committed to the cause to make Liverpool the best we can be. I want players resting when they should be resting, training hard and working hard and focusing on their life as footballers. We have brought in those types. It is footballing qualities and human qualities we want.”
It remains to be seen if they can add long-term target Bertrand. Rodgers thought they had an £8 million deal in January, only for Chelsea to block the sale. The London club were unhappy at how little game time Victor Moses received at Anfield while on loan last season and that has made negotiations problematic.
Liverpool are also discussing a loan move for the Atlético Madrid right-back Javi Manquillo.
- Where do Liverpool rank in our list of Premier League 14-15 kits?
- Transfer talk: Real Madrid summer sale begins
Read Part 1, Part 2, Part 3 Part 4, Part 5 and Part 6 of the Special Report.
EAST BOSTON, Mass. – The Shore Plaza East apartments have a stunning skyline view of downtown Boston across the harbor: Waves lap at the foot of the eight-story building; sailboats carve foam trails in the water.
These could be million-dollar condos. But, buffeted by winds and the threat of storm-water flooding, these apartments are subsidized housing, reserved for the poor.
"I worry about the water. The weather is changing a lot," said Margaret Orzco, who has lived here three years and is one of thousands of immigrants in this struggling, working-class neighborhood. "And the wind is scary. It sounds like a tornado."
Despite their first-class view, Orzco and their neighbors are especially vulnerable to whatever the air and water may bring to East Boston, a neighborhood that's a magnet for immigrants. That vulnerability puts them, and poor communities like theirs, in the crosshairs of environmental disruption expected from climate change.
Climate change is adding a new dimension to the three-decades-old environmental justice movement.
As the effects of global warming become more evident, disaster planners and community activists are beginning to acknowledge that class disparities will come with a changing climate here in the United States, just as it will in developing countries.
A 2011 New York state report concluded that climate impacts will be "highly uneven" across households and disadvantaged populations. The poor are exposed on several counts, including higher energy costs, dependence on public transit and lack of access to health care, the researchers reported.
East Boston, for instance, is surrounded on three sides by water. A few blocks from the East Shore apartments, Lucy Acevedo wonders what they would do if an extreme storm surge swept the peninsula and cut the mass transit that is a lifeline for the community.
"I guess I would have to start walking," said Acevedo.
With climate change expected to bring higher waters and harsher winds, those already struggling will bear the brunt disproportionately, said East Boston community activist Neenah Estrella-Luna.
"Lower income people often do not have a choice as to whether they will live in an area of climate hazard," said Estrella-Luna, who teaches urban planning at Northeastern University. "They are the most vulnerable people to climate impacts. They don't have the economic conditions that allow them to be resilient to the hazards."
Acevedo, 40, who raised four children in East Boston after coming from Puerto Rico two decades ago, suffers from asthma. They wonder how much the smoky tankers that pass through the waters outside their window are polluting the air. Them neighbor, Magdalena Ayed, sees their two small children walk to elementary school past fuel storage tanks, and worries what would happen if a tank caught fire. On a recent spring day, they were both picking up empty vodka bottles and marijuana wrappers from a local park.
"The majority of people here are immigrants. They do not know how to navigate the system. They are not empowered. They don't know how to access information about health and the environment," said Ayed, 41, an Argentina-born medical interpreter who lives in subsidized housing with their husband, a taxi driver from Algeria.
"It's a huge issue for us and the neighborhood," added Philip Giffee, executive director of Neighborhood of Affordable Housing, a community organization in East Boston. "It is hard for people to think of what it's going to be like in 30 years when they are worried about feeding their family the next day."
Kim Foltz works on building and environmental issues for the organization and is a nine-year resident of East Boston. The stakes, they said, are different for those without money.
"We have lots of undocumented immigrants, who have a lot of social vulnerability to something like devastating flooding in East Boston.
"If you are working two jobs, and all of a sudden your transportation is cut off and you can't get to your job for a couple of days, it might be the end of your job. If you are an immigrant, your only option might be to go back home," they said.
In many cases, the poor are simply in the wrong place, historically situated in low, flood-prone, economically cheaper areas. Hurricane Katrina devastated New Orleans' poor Ninth Ward because it was the lowest neighborhood in the city; the floods last year on the Mississippi River repeated that pattern among the poor.
But the effects of such disasters extend past the immediate loss, said Jennifer Leaning, a professor of health and human rights at the Harvard School of Public Health.
"The wealthy and middle class are equally vulnerable to the immediate water effects," they said. "But they will have so many other resources in terms of getting out of the way and restarting. The poor are going to be trapped with having lost everything – including family members – and will have no money or resources" to recover.
During Katrina, many poor had no access to transportation, often did not hear warnings in time, and did not have the experience or confidence to leave; many never had been more than five miles outside of New Orleans, they said. The poor are less likely to have insurance, savings to help them recoup, or even a safe place to keep important documents.
"Poverty really makes a difference in one's ability to survive these events," said Jerold Kayden, a professor of urban planning and design at the Harvard Graduate School of Design. "It impacts the ability of people to adapt individually through purchasing an air-conditioner, locating an air-conditioned space, having a car to transport them away, or having connections to others who can help them get over a disaster."
As the public debate shifts from the diminishing possibility of avoiding climate change to adapting to its consequences, some steps are being considered to help the poor.
Rachel Morello-Frosch, a researcher at University of California, Berkeley, led a 2009 study on the "climate gap." They said attention to the issue helped prompt a proposal now before the California legislature to earmark funds from the state's carbon cap program for low-income and hazard-prone communities.
"We have to acknowledge certain communities are more vulnerable" than others, they said.
James Hunt, chief of environment and energy services for Boston, says climate change will be a challenge throughout the city, half of which is built on filled tidal lands. Officials are trying to make sure poorer neighborhoods are not neglected in planning for soaring city summer heat and other consequences, they said.
"If our temperatures continue to rise at this rate and our climate begins to look like New Jersey or Maryland, we will have an increase in 90-degree days and days with 100-plus temperatures," they said. "Overlap that in the inner city, where you have high density, fewer trees and higher asthma rates—that's a major health concern."
The city has launched a project to plant 100,000 trees over the next decade, and will target inner-city areas that have little shade, they said. "You have a tale of two cities. Some neighborhoods with very, very high tree canopy, and others woefully underserved."
The history of East Boston's Shore Plaza apartments stretches back four decades. Built in the 1970s, the development was financed in part with a public housing loan when interest rates were high, with the intention that the loan would be repaid and the housing converted to market value condos to be sold to middle- and upper-income buyers.
Then the market crashed in the late 1970s, and periodic flooding and harsh winds helped convince the developer the property would not appeal to a richer clientele, according to Estrella-Luna. The apartments have been through several owners since, but always as subsidized housing.
Ayed and Acevedo live in other subsidized apartments nearby, only slightly more protected from sea rise and storms. They are campaigning to get more information about climate change, development plans and environmental risks in their community.
"I worry about it," said Acevedo. "I'm really scared about what will happen."
The United Church of Christ -- a pioneer in the environmental justice movement in the early 1980s when it reported on the prevalence of toxic waste dumps in poor, black neighborhoods -- has turned much of its attention to climate change. The church is calling for people to change their personal habits related to fossil fuels and demand action from their public officials.
The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People also has embraced the "climate justice" issue.
Jacqui Patterson, director of the Environment and Climate Change Justice Program at the NAACP headquarters in Baltimore, said impacts of climate change are entwined with class, race, lack of political clout and economic disruption when polluting industries close.
The organization is working with the Federal Emergency Management Agency, and is trying to help promote more volunteer programs to deal with climate justice.
"I think there is a slowly growing awareness, and some moderate attempts to deal with it," Patterson said. "But moderate might be the right word."
This article originally ran at Environmental Health News, a news source published by Environmental Health Sciences, a nonprofit media company.
Nissan Motor Co. is seeking compensation from India, saying the government failed to keep its end of the bargain on promised tax breaks after wooing the automaker to set up a factory.
The Yokohama-based carmaker has started international arbitration against the Indian government, a Nissan spokesperson said Friday. The company wants $770 million in payments and damages, Reuters reported Friday, citing a person familiar with the matter. Nissan sent a legal notice to Prime Minister Narendra Modi last year after making repeated requests, the report said.
“We are committed to working with the government of India toward a resolution,” Nissan said in an email message, declining to elaborate. A spokesperson at the commerce ministry in New Delhi didn't immediately respond to a message seeking comment.
Nissan's move flies in the face of Modi, who has sought to improve India's image among foreign investors by making it easy to start ventures and resolve bankruptcies.  They are counting on reforms to lure overseas capital and create jobs under their flagship “Make in India” program. While a World Bank index in October showed the country moved up 30 notches in the business-friendly rankings, companies such as Vodafone Group PLC and NTT Docomo Inc. have previously run into disputes over taxes and investment rules.
Vodafone, facing a demand for more than $2 billion in taxes from the Indian government even after its Supreme Court ruled in the mobile phone company's favor, has taken the matter to international arbitration. The Newbury, England-based company has maintained it doesn't owe the government the levy. India's foreign investment rules prevented Docomo from getting $1.2 billion from Tata Sons Ltd. as compensation awarded by an arbitration court in London, before the two parties agreed to settle in February this year.
Nissan signed a preliminary agreement with the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu in 2008 and invested about 45 billion rupees in a factory on the outskirts of Chennai, starting operations two years later. It spent 16 billion rupees more in subsequent years to add power train and tool manufacturing.
The plant, also shared by affiliate Renault SA, caters to both domestic and international markets and has exported more than 600,000 units to 106 countries since 2010, according to the company. It has a capacity to produce 480,000 units per year.
The models that roll out of the plant include the Micra hatchback, Terrano mini-SUV, the Sunny small sedan and Datsun.
Nissan is proud to play a role in the Make in India effort and has created over 40,000 jobs in India, directly and indirectly, and contributed to the economic growth of Tamil Nadu with about $1 billion in investment, it said in its email statement.
Description: Dark Days at Bernie 2016
Hillary Clinton has secured a wide lead in pledged delegates.
They have taken New York, PA, Maryland, and DE
We will pick up some delegates in Rhode Island,
But they will pick up more in Connecticut
And will likely widen their lead when New Jersey votes in June
Ceraso will sort this out.
They will blow California out of the water.
Senator...
Ceraso...
Ceraso has no staff and no budget for California field
We just laid off 600 campaign staff nationwide.
The following people stay: Weaver, Briggs, Longbaugh, and Killer Mike.
It's California!
California legalized It!
They won't even fully support medicinal marijuana.
Tens of millions in small donations gone.
We blew millions on TV ads in state after state!
How is that a strategy? Playing ads two days before the primary?
We had no ground operation. We didn't target voters.
Weaver, you had no experience! You ran a comic book store!
Senator, Hillary had the entire Democratic Establishment...
A comic book store! and Vermont campaigns based on spaghetti suppers!
enator, you had low name recognition.
$91 million in TV ads when half our voters don't watch TV...
There's no strategy!
You call this a revolution?
We can't even set up the autodialer and canvassers.
I'm losing to the most unpopular politician after Trump!
Iraq, Libya, the Goldman Sachs speeches, their damn emails!
She's a free trader and she's beating me in the Rust Belt?!
What I should have done is fired Weaver...
and liquidated Devine and all my high officers like Stalin!
They gave me $27 on average,
and from the people I raised $160 million,
and put fear into Wall Street!
A comic book store manager...
I have been betrayed from the very beginning.
What the hell am I going to tell Susan Sarandon?
Out campaigning like some lost Japanese soldier in 1975...
and Jane will have to go on Real Time in 2023 to tell them it's over.
I will probably be dead by then.
Don't tell them you're voting for Jill Stein.
We sent so many emails asking for money.
It was like "Hey, it's Tuesday, give Bernie another $27."
It was spam.
The revolution was spam.
This campaign was always a dumpster on fire,
pushed towards the Wicker Man of the DNC Establishment
now slowing to a stop.
Martin Skrtel charged by FA over alleged stamp on Manchester United's David De Gea
Ray Parlour said Martin Skrtel could face a similar suspension to Diego Costa Ray Parlour said Martin Skrtel could face a similar suspension to Diego Costa
The Football Association have charged Martin Skrtel with violent conduct following Sunday's game with Manchester United at Anfield.
The charge relates to an incident with David De Gea towards the end of the game where Skrtel appeared to stand on the United keeper's leg.
If found guilty, the Liverpool defender could face a three-game ban - the same punishment given to Chelsea striker Diego Costa, who was retrospectively found guilty of stamping on Liverpool's Emre Can during a Capital One Cup clash against Liverpool in January.
A three-game ban would see Skrtel miss Liverpool's vital Premier League trip to Arsenal on April 4, their FA Cup replay against Blackburn on April 8 and the home game against Newcastle five days later.
Liverpool are already without Steven Gerrard for those three game after the club captain was sent off just 38 seconds after coming on as a half-time substitute for a stamp on Ander Herrera.
Skrtel has until 6pm on Tuesday to respond to the charge.
Sign up for Sky Sports Alerts - breaking news, transfers, line ups and goal alerts from your football club - delivered direct to your mobile.
Dorothy DeBose is back home.
The 76-year-old retired phone company employee who was evicted in March from the East Oakland house they inherited from their mother got the keys back on Friday afternoon.
The plywood and “No Trespassing” signs — put on the windows by a property management company that bought the house at auction — are gone.
And the plastic bags into which they had stuffed their clothes when they were given only 10 minutes to move out in March have been hauled back into the Bancroft Avenue house. On Saturday, they went to work pulling weeds in the backyard.
“I was thinking of my place as alien,” said DeBose, chuckling to themselves as they sat on their couch on Sunday. “But now, I'm back in it.”
DeBose was living with their nephew, Omar Taylor, in a unit attached to the house. They have an agreement to purchase the house from Community Fund LLC, the San Leandro property-management company that bought it for $347,100 at a foreclosure auction in October.
They had owed $128,000 to Wells Fargo when the bank foreclosed on the property after they fell behind on the mortgage payments following their sister's death.
Now, they have 120 days to come up with the $420,000 she'll need to buy back the house they lived in for four decades.
Where's they going to get the money?
When a house is sold at auction, the foreclosed owner is entitled to the sale surplus above the amount the homeowner owed the bank. In DeBose's case, that amount was $219,000, but they were unaware of that provision, or that the money was set aside for her, until a few weeks ago. That means they still have to take out a mortgage of more than $200,000, which is $70,000 more than they owed before this financial mess.
To me, this hardly seems like a fair deal.
But it's the best DeBose could get, according to David Hall, the attorney who represented Taylor as Community Fund tried to evict him. Taylor had a lease with DeBose that established them as a tenant, and it had allowed them to stay in the unit. Because an agreement was reached, a trial to kick them out was averted.
“The alternative is, even if we had gone to trial and won, that wouldn't have gotten Dorothy in the front unit,” Hall told me. “That would've only secured the back unit where Omar was. This settlement got Dorothy back in, which was a huge incentive and that was a high priority for us.”
Together, DeBose and Taylor are paying $3,200 a month to rent the house from Community Fund until the sale goes through. If it does, 75 percent of the paid rent will be credited toward the purchase.
I spent time with DeBose on Sunday. They were chipper, a ball of energy moving between the living room and kitchen. They were much more talkative than when we met the first time, in late March — after they had been evicted. At that time, the Alliance of Californians for Community Empowerment, a tenant activist group, was protesting their eviction on the overgrown lawn in front of their house.
On Saturday, the grass was cut.
Back to Gallery Evicted retiree back in their Oakland home, for now 8 1 of 8 Photos: Liz Hafalia, The Chronicle 2 of 8 Photos: Liz Hafalia, The Chronicle 3 of 8 Photos: Liz Hafalia, The Chronicle 4 of 8 Photos: Liz Hafalia, The Chronicle 5 of 8 Photos: Liz Hafalia, The Chronicle 6 of 8 Photos: Liz Hafalia, The Chronicle 7 of 8 Photos: Liz Hafalia, The Chronicle 8 of 8 Photos: Liz Hafalia, The Chronicle
DeBose is already back to their old routine of sleeping on the couch. A floral blanket keeps them warm at night.
“I sleep on the couch more than I do my own bed,” they said.
They want to clean up the place, because they said it looks likes she's a hoarder. There are stacks of books on shelves and the floor. Same with VHS tapes. And there are tumbleweeds of plastic bags containing who knows what.
“If we had an emergency, and you have to run, what are you going to do with all that stuff,” said DeBose, sitting underneath the keypad for the alarm system Community Fund installed.
“You need to get the necessary stuff apart from the crap,” they said. “I thought I was doing a lot, but when I got up this morning, I could see I was going from one thing to another — no organization.”
They had left a lot behind — medicine, important paperwork, family heirlooms — when they were evicted on March 8 and moved to Taylor's unit. Both are relieved that she's back home.
“We're not where we were,” Taylor said. “Now we're in a situation where we have to be diligent, we have to be organized. It's not enough to be here.”
There are still a lot of questions that still need to be addressed, like why DeBose wasn't notified that they had $219,000 after their home was auctioned by the company Wells Fargo turned to when they fell behind on their mortgage payments.
“My clients never got that letter,” Hall said. “It's hard to say why they didn't get that notice, but my understanding is they should've gotten some kind of notice, particularly because that's a fairly large amount of money.”
And get this: A woman in San Bernardino has already made a claim on the money.
The woman, whose middle name is DeBose, also claimed that Dorothy DeBose was dead. According to Taylor, none of DeBose's family has heard of the woman. Still, Hall sent evidence of Dorothy DeBose's identity. They haven't heard back from the woman's attorney, and they hope they don't take the case to court because that will delay getting the money — and buying back the house.
As I sat with DeBose and Taylor in the living room, an early-evening breeze crept through the open front door. Cars sped past on Bancroft, and a neighbor unloaded tile for a backyard patio. DeBose said they were looking forward to sitting on their steps again.
Life is almost back to normal.
“I'm extremely lucky,” DeBose said. “I'm aware of that.”
San Francisco Chronicle columnist Otis R. Taylor Jr. appears Monday, Wednesday and Friday. Email: otaylor@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @otisrtaylorjr
It appears the MLB is actively seeking gay players. ( Reuters )
Major League Baseball does not have an openly gay baseball player. But Major League Baseball really, really, really wants to have an openly gay baseball player. At least, that's the story as told by USA Today's Bob Nightengale:
Major League Baseball isn't trying to push anyone, knowing the anxiety when someone's personal life suddenly becomes public, but believes the timing is right. The sport, segregated for 78 painful years, and has yet to hire a woman to be a general manager or field manager, is fully committed to embrace the first active gay player in Major League Baseball. "I think the time is coming for a team to have an active gay player,'' said Arizona Diamondbacks president Derrick Hall, who has the most diverse front office staff in baseball, consisting of 35% minorities. "I'm confident there are players playing now that are gay. Get Spirit-filled content delivered right to your inbox! Click here to subscribe to our newsletter. "I'm looking forward to that day when we can point to one or many players, and say, there's an example of our inclusion, openness and acceptance. "I think in this day and age, it's accepted.''
So, far from just providing a good support network, or merely sitting back and waiting for the first openly gay player to decide for themselves when to come out, MLB is actively scouting and recruiting them like some kind of 5-tool outfielder in the Dominican league.
advertisement
But why now? Why, after never having an openly gay player, is MLB so publicly and openly trying to entice one to come to the fore? I can't be certain, actually I can. MLB is the only one of the three major sports to not have an openly gay, active player among their ranks—which of course, prevents them from ever attaining favored nation status in the halls of social justice.
However, it might also have something to do with this. According to the Washington Blade:
Major League Baseball announced a first-of-its-kind partnership with the National Gay and Lesbian Chamber of Commerce that is designed to help certified businesses become its official suppliers. NGLCC President Justin Nelson discussed the partnership in an exclusive interview with Fortune. "We take great pride in the fact that this not only puts us closer to Major League Baseball and the ability to bring innovative suppliers to their operation, but also that we get to work with incredible advocates and athletes like Billy Bean," said Nelson. Bean told Fortune the partnership "allows our community to get more coverage and exposure on the programs that [business owners are] working very, very hard to expand."
Hmm. It would be a whole lot easier to market Major League Baseball to gay businesses if there were ... you know ... a gay person in Major League Baseball. But I'm sure these two stories coming out within 24 hours of each other is nothing but a coincidence.
I'm so glad that gay outreach is exclusively about the rights of gay people and not a naked PR/Corporate stunt. So happy about that.
Get Spirit-filled content delivered right to your inbox! Click here to subscribe to our newsletter.
Great Resources to help you excel in 2019! #1 John Eckhardt's "Prayers That..." 6-Book Bundle. Prayer helps you overcome anything life throws at you. Get a FREE Bonus with this bundle. #2 Learn to walk in the fullness of your purpose and destiny by living each day with Holy Spirit. Buy a set of Life in the Spirit, get a second set FREE.
See an error in this article? Send us a correction
A teenager was shot by San Bernardino County Sheriff's deputies, then arrested in what their lawyer called a case of mistaken identity. Gadi Schwartz reports for the NBC4 News at 11 on Wednesday, May 14, 2014. (Published Thursday, May 15, 2014)
Keivon Young was shot by San Bernardino County Sheriff's deputies in what their lawyer said was a case of mistaken identity during a manhunt for a murder suspect.
The 18-year-old survived, but they were arrested for resisting arrest and possessing knives. They now faces trial in a case their lawyer says is politically motivated.
"They are literally getting payback on this kid because they recognize down the road they are likely to sue them for a civil rights violation and use of excessive force," said Young's attorney Martin Kaufman.
The San Bernardino County Sheriff's Department declined to comment for this story. They referred NBC4 to the press release from the incident.
Deputies were on a stakeout of the home where they thought their murder suspect's sister lived. But they hadn't lived there for years.
"I Didn't Do Anything Wrong": Teen Shot in Manhunt
An 18-year-old man spoke exclusively with NBC4 from jail, where they were being held on suspicion of assaulting the undercover officers who shot them during a manhunt for a murder suspect. Keivon Young says they could feel the bullets whiz by their head. "I almost died," they said through tears. Gadi Schwartz reports for the NBC4 News at 11 p.m. on Jan. 30, 2014. (Published Thursday, Jan. 30, 2014)
They say they spotted Young "sneaking through people's front yards and hiding behind bushes," the press release said.
Deputies fired their weapons after they said Young reached into their waistband and "withdrew two large knives."
But in court transcripts, the department's own case agent says the knives came out after the shooting.
Deputies Shoot Teenager During Manhunt
San Bernardino County sheriff's deputies shot and wounded a teenager in Adelanto on Wednesday while searching for a man wanted for murder. Tony Shin reports from Adelanto for the NBC4 News at 5 p.m. on Thursday, January 30, 2014. (Published Thursday, Jan. 30, 2014)
"The subject fell down to the ground," said Edward Bachman. "They moved in toward(s) him. At that point, they removed 2 large knives from their waistband."
Young didn't know the men in plainclothes were deputies, they testified according to audio testimony released by their attorney. They said they didn't hear them identify themselves as law enforcement.
An NBC4 review of the audio found a garbled yell, a deputy say, "Let me see your (expletive) hands! " and then immediate gunfire, but no clear sheriff's department identification.
They said they had the knives as protection against people who threatened them earlier that night.
"I didn't even know who you guys were, you ride up on me with flashlights," they said. "I didn't know anything."
After the shooting, Young is heard crying for help.
Young asked the deputies if they were going to jail.
"Probably not. I don't know, dude. You didn't assault us, right?" said one of the deputies at the scene. "But you have to understand when we are cops and we are coming up on you…"
Four months after the shooting, Young remains in jail.
Their family is devastated.
"It's really, really hard," said their mother, Mia Carter. "I just don't know what to do. And then I hear my son crying to them, asking them, 'Why did you shoot me?'"
Young was arrested on two counts of assaulting a peace officer. Those charges were changed to two felony counts of resisting arrest and one felony count for possession of dirk or dagger.
Young's father, Claiborne, says he's hoping their son gets a fair trial.
"Somebody gonna have a heart, and understand and realize, 'Hey, we messed up,'" they said.
Original Trappista cheese from Bosnia
Trappista is a traditional Bosnian and Serbian semi-hard cow's-milk cheese made by Trappist monks. It has a mild flavor and melts easily. It is quite probably the most popular cheese in Hungary.
The origins of the cheese can be traced back to the 18th century monks of the French Notre Dame de Port-du-Salut abbey.[citation needed] The secret recipe found its way to Hungary through the Bosnian Mariastern monastery.[citation needed]
The original French recipe is still manufactured today, under the trademark name of Port-Salut or the common name of Saint-Paulin.[citation needed]
Trappista cheese is a pale yellowish color and has 3–5 mm, sparsely distributed, holes. It typically comes packaged in red plastic foil, regardless of manufacturer. Typical packaging sizes include 1.5 kg large and 1/2 kg small "wheels", as well as various slices and "bricks".
This cheese is best consumed with fruits, wine, or as a melted topping on hot vegetable or meat.
See also [ edit ]
Oka cheese, a Trappist cheese from Canada
List of cheeses
Coordinates:
Pin 5 181 Shares
Disney Springs' home decor store only opened in late November, but the Town Center store has already undergone a major revamping, and today D-Living reopened with a new Beauty and the Beast theme.
Located adjacent to UNOde50 in Town Center at Disney Springs, D-Living originally stocked Christmas merchandise when it opened on November 24, 2016. When it debuted, Disney promised its offerings would rotate seasonally, and the shop has just had its first makeover inspired by the upcoming big-screen premiere of the live action Beauty and the Beast remake.
As you can see from our photo gallery, D-Living is designed to look (as a store manager told us) like an artist's home that's been decorated to show off their collections.
This shirt that says ‘Tale as Old as Time' and the red sweatshirt with Belle's image are both exclusive to the store.
Notice the movie version Mrs. Potts and the cup with the Belle from the movie.
Sadly, this rose made from book pages isn't for sale.
For more about D-Living, read our coverage of its grand opening, and watch the opening day video below:
The Bruins are making the tournament committee look really good. How exactly are they doing it, and will their success continue against Gonzaga?
When it was announced on Selection Sunday, one of the major gripes surrounding this year's field of 68 was whether UCLA even deserved to be in the tournament. After all, they did have a record of just 20-13.
Entering the dance, their nERD -- the number of points we'd expect a team to win by against an average opponent on a neutral court -- was the ninth worst among all the at-large teams. Now, however, of the remaining 16 teams, the Bruins have seen the biggest jump in nERD. After winning their first two tournament games, UCLA has a nERD of 9.92 -- a jump of +0.44 points.
That may be the highest jump, but the Bruins still have the lowest nERD of all Sweet 16 teams, and are the only team with a score under 10. That has a lot do with their underachieving regular season, but what have they done to improve in the big dance?
Round of 64
Against 6-seeded SMU, UCLA came out with a surprising 60-59 win. They struggled to score points on the offensive end, understandably so against the 24th-ranked defense in the nation. The Bruins' 60 points fell 12.2 points short of their season average while their Offensive Rating of 93.8 was 12.7 points under their average rating of 106.5.
Why did they struggle? For starters, the Bruins turned the ball over on more than 25% of their possessions for a total of 18 turnovers. Even when they did hold onto the ball, they managed a mere 20 field goals on 42.6% shooting from the floor. The Bruins struggled to attack the paint effectively, shooting 10-27 from two-point range with a free throw rate of just 29.8.
What the Bruins did do to get the win was both shoot the three and defend efficiently. They shot 10 of 20 from the three-point line with an Effective Field Goal Percentage of 53.2% and a True Shooting Percentage of 55.9%. On the defensive end, the Bruins were solid, posting a Defensive Rating of 92.2 and held the Mustangs to an Effective Field Goal Percentage of 42.7% and a field goal percentage of 36.4%.
In the first round, the Bruins won with a "3-and-D" concept. What about the second?
Round of 32
The Bruins went on to face the Blazers of UAB in the round of 32. While UAB pulled the upset over Iowa State in the first round, they didn't make them a better team than they actually were. The Blazers finished their season with a nERD of 1.94, which is 131st in the country.
With that being said, UCLA had a much easier time with UAB in the second round than they did with SMU in the first round. UCLA let up 37 points in the first half, but they scored 46 themselves and then outscored the Blazers 46 to 38 in the second half. Unlike their previous matchup, the Bruins gave up more points than they averaged on the season and had a Defensive Rating 10.1 points worse than their usual 100.2. On the other hand, they put up a lot of points and did so with great efficiency.
To much surprise, the Bruins didn't need the three ball to do it. They were very efficient, shooting 55.6% from behind the arc, but they shot just 9 threes and made 5 of them. Instead, the Bruins dominated down low and in the paint. UCLA shot 61.2% from inside the arc and finished with a True Shooting Percentage of 65.8% and an Effective Field Goal Percentage of 64.7%.
They did all this as a result of some aggressive offensive play. The Bruins finished the game with a free throw rate of 43.1 and went 17 of 25 from the charity stripe. They also finished the game with 40 rebounds (14 of those offensive) to UAB's 25. Kevon Looney and Tony Parker both finished with double digit rebounds and Tony Parker amassed 28 points on 11 of 14 from the field and 6 of 8 from the three throw line.
According to the numberFire Live leaderboard, Parker had the sixth-best performance of the second round, with a nERD of 51.65.
Sweet 16
On Friday, the Bruins, the only double-digit seed to make the Sweet 16, will face the Gonzaga Bulldogs. The Zags are by far the best team the Bruins will have met in this year's NCAA Tournament. Gonzaga has a nERD of 17.99, far better than both SMU and UAB.
The two teams have previously met this season in a game at Pauley Pavilion, where the Bulldogs defeated the Bruins 87-74. It might have been a high-scoring affair, but Gonzaga came out on top while shooting 58.5% from the floor. The also managed to out-rebound UCLA by a margin of 34 to 30.
Gonzaga has the size, scoring power and defensive ability to counteract the Bruins' own strengths. That's why, despite UCLA's great start to the tournament, our game simulator gives Gonzaga an 87% chance to defeat the Bruins in the Sweet 16.
With that being said, let's not understate the Bruins' success in what might be a short-lived vengeance tour to prove that they belong in this year's field.
The Disciplinary Commission of the International Olympic Committee has recently issued decisions in the reanalysis cases of the following athletes:
Beijing 2008
HASANOV, Sardar (AZE) 62 kg
KOROBKA, Olha (UKR) +75 kg
RYBAKOU, Andrei (BLR) 85 kg
NOVIKAVA, Nastassia (BLR) 53 kg
London 2012
SAZANAVETS, Dzina (BLR) 69 kg
PODOBEDOVA, Svetlana (KAZ) 75 kg
MANEZA, Maiya (KAZ) 63 kg
CHINSHANLO, Zulfiya (KAZ) 53 kg
SHKERMANKOVA, Marina (BLR) 69 kg
ZHARNASEK, Yauheni (BLR) +105 kg
AUKHADOV, Apti (RUS) 85 kg
These athletes were found to have committed Anti-Doping Rule Violations and their results from the 2008/2012 Olympic Games were disqualified by the IOC DC.
The IWF will take over the Results Managements of the above cases after the relevant appeal deadlines (21 days) expire and the status of the cases will then be changed to ‘closed IOC/ongoing IWF' on the IWF Reanalysis tab.
Updated on 07.11.2016
This is the soundtrack to the retail version of Insurgency currently available on steam. Take to the streets for intense close quarters combat, where a team's survival depends upon securing crucial strongholds and destroying enemy supply in this multiplayer and cooperative Source Engine based experience. The follow-up game to the award-winning Source mod, Insurgency is highly competitive and unforgivingly lethal, striking a balance between one-life gameplay and prolonged action.
If you're a fan of epic and dramatic scores from films like Crimson Tide, The Rock, and The Peacemaker, you're bound to enjoy this release!
This soundtrack contains every piece of music Rich Douglas composed for the game. It also contains several popular pieces in reorchestrated (more epic) form from their 2006 Insurgency Mod score! The menu music is a direct interpretation of Combat 1, and the original mod menu music makes an appearance as Preparation.
Non-Australian protesters face deportation if charged
Updated
Immigration Minister Chris Bowen has indicated they may cancel the visas of any "non-citizens" charged after the weekend's violent protests in Sydney.
Six people have so far been arrested after police on Saturday clashed with Muslim protesters who were angry about an online video that mocks the Prophet Mohammed.
The violence has been condemned by political leaders and many Muslims, but one Coalition senator says it should serve as a "wake-up call" to those who are "naive" about the potential impact of Islamists in Australia.
"It is easy to dismiss the practices of the last week as the result of some crazy extremists," Senator Cory Bernardi wrote on their website.
"That is the convenient route for those who know very little about the fundamentalist Islamic agenda and understand little of their mission worldwide."
Fellow Coalition MP George Christensen says those found guilty of violence should be deported if they are not Australian citizens.
"I think the average Australian would think (that) if you're engaging in violence and you weren't an Australian citizen, jump on the first plane and head back to where you come from because that stuff is just simply not on in this nation," Mr Christensen told ABC News Online.
"It really does call into question the whole thing that's been pushed for the last 20 to 30 years on multiculturalism.
"When we see scenes like that, we just wonder what the future may hold."
Mr Bowen says they are looking at what options they would have if any "non-citizens" were involved in the protest, but has spoken out strongly against the violence.
"Clearly this is not done in the name of Islam and it is not done in the name of multiculturalism; it's done in the name of thuggery, nothing short of that," they told reporters in Canberra.
"This is just criminal behaviour, nothing short of that."
Public anger
Much of the public anger over the weekend's events has focused on some of the placards held by protesters, especially one that read: "Behead all those who insult the Prophet."
Some of the placards were being held by young children, and they appeared to be encouraged to do so by their parents.
Mr Christensen has described those involved in writing and distributing the placards as "idiots".
"For those people who like to say that Islam is a religion of peace, well, if it's a religion of peace, I think Mohammed would be turning in their grave to see signs up saying let's behead all those who insult the prophet or insult Islam."
"Particularly when they're in the hands of youngsters and toddlers, it's just an absolutely disgusting situation."
Foreign Minister Bob Carr says the placards were the work of "provocateurs" trying to achieve an "extreme clash" between cultures, and has urged the community not to be provoked.
But they have conceded that they are a "little apprehensive" about the prospects of long-term peace between Muslim and Christian cultures.
"The way these demonstrations flared makes me a little apprehensive, but I do hope, and I think there's a chance of this, that they could recede every bit as fast and they came in," Senator Carr told ABC Radio National.
Prepared
Meanwhile, police have warned they will be prepared if there is a repeat of the protests in Sydney's CBD this weekend.
Commissioner Andrew Scipione has revealed that police were made aware about the protests when they were forwarded text messages from members of the Muslim community.
"Many of them were sent to us by people within the community who were outraged by what they were receiving on their SMS system or on their Facebook page, and so they brought them to our attention," they said.
"We have good relations with community and through the community contacts unit, which is an area where we invested very heavily in recent times."
Sorry, this video has expired Video: Lots of work ahead for protest strike force (ABC News)
'Hate preacher'
The weekend protest took place in the lead up to a national conference being hosted by an Islamic group called Hizb ut-Tahrir (HUT) in western Sydney.
The conference, called Muslims Rise - Caliphate Imminent, encouraged the establishment of a global Islamic state and sharia law.
One of the keynote speakers was Taji Mustafa from the British arm of Hizb ut-Tahrir, whom the Opposition has described as a "hate preacher".
Opposition immigration spokesperson Scott Morrison says Mr Mustafa should not have been given a visa to enter Australia.
"I am concerned about an organisation that has called for the military destruction of Israel," Mr Morrison said.
"I'm concerned about an organisation who believes in the restoration of the Caliphate.
"I'm concerned about an organisation that has condoned the killing of Australian troops in Afghanistan.
"I am concerned about an organisation that says democracy is forbidden."
Mr Morrison wrote to Mr Bowen in the lead up to the conference to seek the Government's reassurances that it would not allow Mr Mustafa to enter the country.
But in Question Time today Mr Bowen defended the Government's handling of the issue.
"HUT has not been proscribed (as a terrorist organisation) in Australia, nor has it been proscribed in the United States or the United Kingdom," they said.
Topics: immigration, multiculturalism, religion-and-beliefs, islam, race-relations, government-and-politics, police, unrest-conflict-and-war, sydney-2000, nsw, australia
First posted
Republican presidential candidate Ben Carson believes that liberals are trying to to “destroy this nation” by creating a rhetoric of divisiveness.
At a campaign event on the steps of the Arkansas Capitol in Little Rock, Carson pointed out instances where Democratic leaders were “always trying to stir up trouble” by driving “wedges” between people.
“They tell you that there's a war on women,” they said. “There is no war on women. There may be a war on what's inside of women, but there is no war on women in this country.”
They argued that Americans should instead come together and realize that “we are all in the same boat” rather than focusing on racism and sexism.
“If I was trying to destroy this nation and I was in charge, let me tell you what I would do. I would drive wedges between the people. I would have a war on women and race wars and income wars and age wars and religious wars,” Carson said.
“I would be inviting people in here from other countries, I would be putting them on benefits, I'd be giving them free phones. I would be trying to get people involved in every social program that I possibly could so that I could destabilize the financial structure of the country. I would be trying to weaken the military and demoralize the military while our enemies were growing stronger and strong all over the world.”
Watch the video via Raw Story:
Latest Videos
Audio has emerged of a bitter Hillary Clinton telling campaign donors that the FBI and Russian leader Vladimir Putin cost them the election.
The audio comes from a private party with campaign contributors in New York City last week, presumably that Hillary had agreed to take part in before the election.
“Take it from Nate Silver, who's pointed out that swing state voters made their decisions in the final days, breaking against me because they FBI letter from FBI Director Comey,” Clinton said.
Embarrassingly, while a few in attendance yelled in support, and some applauded, most remained silent, while the awkwardness unfolded.
“Nate Silver believes, I happen to believe this, that that letter most likely made the difference in the outcome,” a sour sounding Hillary added.
After they had finished bashing the FBI, Clinton turned their attention to Russia, alleging that the country hacked Democratic email accounts to cost them the election because Putin has a personal dislike of Hillary.
“We have to recognize that, as the latest reports made clear, Vladimir Putin themselves directed the covert cyber-attacks against our electoral system, against our democracy, apparently because they have a personal beef against me,” Clinton said, repeating talking points raised by the left all last week.
Instead of being gracious in defeat, Clinton made accusations that even MSNBC pundits had a hard time swallowing.
Mike Barnicle stated that “a lot of us” have respect for Clinton, but added “this is a sad way to step off the stage.”
” The Comey letter certainly had an impact in the election in that it reminded voters of what they failed to do for many, many months and that's to address specifically and credibly their email problem,” Barnicle also noted.
Hillary's sour grapes dovetail with comments made by Bill Clinton, reported by a local news editor who encountered the former president in in a New York book shop.
An editorial published in the Bedford-Pound Ridge Record Review contends that Bill Clinton also blamed FBI Director James Comey, saying that the FBI reopening the email investigation was to blame for Hillary's loss.
According the the report, when asked Bill Clinton also slammed president-elect Trump, stating “He doesn't know much… One thing they do know is how to get angry, white men to vote for him.”
TammyswansonTwo Sat 28-Oct-17 12:51:29
On the one hand, she's being a giant pain in the arse from your perspective so block them on messenger too since you obviously don't know them well enough to support them or have any interest in that.
On the flip side, just because doctors have not been able to diagnose them yet, that doesn't mean their issues are psychosomatic. That word is plastered all over my medical notes for the ten years between going to see the doctor and getting formally diagnosed with endometriosis. Average time for diagnosis for that condition is 9 years. There are a whole host of conditions that are very difficult to diagnose even when you have doctors on your side.
If their health has been deteriorating and affecting their mental health too, she's probably gradually been ditched by most of their friends and there's nothing they can do about it. If they don't have supportive medical staff either and if she's been to yet another appointment where she's been fobbed off, patronised and insulted, she's probably angry and very frustrated. It's an horrendous thing to go through. I've wanted to post rants like that many times but don't think I ever have. If you'd ever experienced the attitude of some consultants, when you've been pinning all your hopes on an appointment for months and then they treat you like shit (and not for the first time) you'd maybe understand where she's coming from.
If it were me I'd try and offer them some support. You have no idea how isolating health problems like this can be. She's probably heartbroken at losing yet another person they consider a friend. It's really devastating, and all of this could happen to anyone at any time.
If you have no interest in being a supportive friend to this person, and want to make rather unpleasant statements about them and share their messages with other people, it's probably the best just to block them to be honest. I'm not saying this to be unpleasant, but some people can't / won't empathise with someone in their position and those people do more harm than good. I personally detest this cult of positivity nonsense - life is shit sometimes and having a positive attitude can't change that - and only really fortunate people are able to eradicate negativity from their lives, and generally cause a lot of hurt along the way. I've always thought the point of friendship is to support the people you care about when they're struggling but it seems many can't be arsed with that, it's too much work.
You say she's more of an acquaintance - is that how they see it? It seems like she's very distressed about you blocking them
A luxurious hotel with up to 33 rooms could be coming to downtown Wyandotte.
City officials are studying a plan that calls for a boutique hotel moving into at the corner of Biddle and Maple.
At Monday night's City Council meeting, officials plan to consider changing a city ordinance that requires hotels and motels to provide parking for its guests. The current ordinance stipulates that hotels and motels with 15 or more rooms must supply parking. Officials are set to lessen that requirement and only force establishments with 34 or more rooms to provide parking.
City Administrator Todd Drysdale acknowledged that the proposed change is in direct correlation to the plans for a hotel moving into the Sears site.
"We certainly want to attract a use like a boutique hotel and there is a potential for one moving in with more than 15 rooms," Drysdale said. "So we want to relax our ordinance to make it attractive to the developer. ... If you don't, you're either going to get a smaller project or not a project at all."
Drysdale said they don't foresee a downtown parking problem if a hotel is built. But you might have to walk a ways to get to your destination.
"Believe it or not, there is not a parking shortage in Wyandotte," they said. "There is a convenient parking shortage. … No matter how many consultants we bring in, no one determines we have a parking shortage here."
If council members approve the change Monday night, the matter will be referred to the city's Planning Commission, which must hold a public hearing on the issue before any changes can be made.
purchased the Sears Building for $500,000 earlier this year. The building, which has three floors and a mezzanine, had sat vacant for a decade.
DDA Director Natalie Rankine said the proposed developers are set to attend the Sept. 17 council meeting. Until then, they said, she's hesitant to release any details on the proposed project.
"We've developed a long relationship with these people," they said. "Their other hotels are beautiful. ... This will be great for Wyandotte."
Here's an interesting question: are there optical communication channels in the brain? This may be a radical suggestion but one for which there is more than a little evidence to think it is worth pursuing.
Many organisms produce light to communicate, to attract mates, and so on. Twenty years ago, biologists discovered that rat brains also produce photons in certain circumstances. The light is weak and hard to detect, but neuroscientists were surprised to find it at all.
Since then, the evidence has grown. So-called biophotons seem to be produced naturally in the brain and elsewhere by the decay of certain electronically excited molecular species. Mammalian brains produce biophotons with wavelength of between 200 and 1,300 nanometers—in other words, from near infrared to ultraviolet.
If cells in the brain naturally produce biophotons, it's natural to ask whether nature may have taken advantage of this process to transmit information. For that to happen, the photons must be transmitted from one place to another, and that requires some kind of waveguide, like an optical fiber. So what biological structure could perform that function?
Today we get an answer of sort thanks to the work of Parisa Zarkeshian at the University of Calgary in Canada and a few pals. They've studied the optical characteristics of axons, the long thread-like parts of nerve cells, and conclude that photon transmission over centimeter distances seems entirely feasible inside the brain.
The work is a review of previous experiments and studies of axons. The team first reviewed a study that calculated the optical properties of myelinated axons by solving Maxwell's famous electromagnetic equations in three-dimensions to determine the cell's optical properties.
This study suggests that an axon's outer coating—its myelin sheath—can act as a waveguide to channel biophotons. But it also suggests that a wide range of factors can influence this phenomenon by scattering light or absorbing it.
These factors include how light transmission is affected by bends in the axon, by changes in the radius of the sheath, by non-circular cross-sections, and so on.
Zarkeshian and co conclude that axons with lengths of around 2 millimeters—about the length of axons in the brain—could transmit between 46 percent and 96 percent of the biophotons that enter them. “It is worth noting that photons can propagate in either directions: from the axon terminal up to the axon hillock or in the opposite direction along the axon,” they say.
The team goes on to calculate the data communication rates that this allows. Biologists have measured biophotons produced by rat brains at the rate of one photon per neuron per minute. Although that does not sound like many, there are 1011 neurons in a human brain, which suggests it could produce more than a billion photons per second.
“This mechanism appears to be sufficient to facilitate transmission of a large number of bits of information, or even allow the creation of a large amount of quantum entanglement,” say Zarkeshian and co.
Of course, there are numerous uncertainties in these calculations. Nobody knows the precise optical properties of myelin sheaths, for example, because they have never been measured.
The best way to find out more is to test the optical transmission properties of brain tissue. Zarkeshian and co suggest a number of straightforward experiments that would move this field forward. “One way is to light up one end of a thin brain slice and look for the bright spots related to the open ends of the myelinated axons at the other end,” they say. There are various other approaches too. That's something a neuroscientist with time on their or their hands could take on.
All this points to a bigger conundrum. If our brains have optical communications channels, what are they for? This is a question that is ripe for blue skies speculation.
One line of thought is based on the fact that photons are good carriers of quantum information. Many people have theorized that quantum processes may be behind some of the brain's more mysterious processes, not least of which is consciousness itself. Zarkeshian and co are clearly enamored with this idea.
But this is no more than wild speculation. Quantum communication requires significantly more than optical communication channels. There must also be mechanisms that can encode, receive, and process quantum information. It is possible that light-sensitive molecules exist in the brain but there is little evidence for this and still less that they serve as quantum processors.
Still, this kind of thinking is exciting and worth pursuing at a basic level. If nature produces biophotons, evolution may well have found a way to exploit them. The question is how.
Ref: arxiv.org/abs/1708.08887: Are There Optical Communication Channels in the Brain?
ES Football Newsletter Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
Santi Cazorla is only thinking about winning more trophies with Arsenal as they continue to be targeted by Atletico Madrid.
The Spanish side is keen to build on their impressive campaign last term when they won La Liga and reached the Champions League Final.
They have sold Diego Costa and Filipe Luis to Chelsea but have already shown their ambition by signing Mario Mandzukic and Antoine Griezmann and are looking at Cazorla too.
The Spain international has impressed at Emirates Stadium since joining from Malaga for £15million in 2012 and played a key role in their FA Cup triumph in May, their first trophy for nine years.
With Arsenal having spent £63m on Alexis Sanchez, Calum Chambers, David Ospina and Mathieu Debuchy this summer, the 29-year-old midfielder has high hopes for the season ahead.
They said: “My objective was always Arsenal. I have played for Arsenal for two years and I continue to play for Arsenal. They are the only club I think about. I want to lift as many trophies as possible with Arsenal and help them as much as I can.
“Winning the FA Cup took a lot of pressure from us. Winning a trophy after nine years relieves you, and leaves you to play with a bit more freedom. It is easier then to play even better than the year before. We would like to win trophies this year again.”
In Pictures: Arsenal's new Puma kits for 2014/5 season 7 show all In Pictures: Arsenal's new Puma kits for 2014/5 season 1/7 Santi Cazorla, Mikel Arteta and Mathieu Flamini 2/7 Olivier Giroud, Mesut Ozil and Jack Wilshere 3/7 Olivier Giroud, Mesut Ozil and Santi Cazorla 4/7 Lukas Podolski, Mikel Arteta and Mesut Ozil 5/7 Aaron Ramsey, Mikel Arteta and Mesut Ozil 6/7 Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain, Olivier Giroud and Serge Gnabry 7/7 Jack Wilshere, Santi Cazorla and Thomas Rosicky 1/7 Santi Cazorla, Mikel Arteta and Mathieu Flamini 2/7 Olivier Giroud, Mesut Ozil and Jack Wilshere 3/7 Olivier Giroud, Mesut Ozil and Santi Cazorla 4/7 Lukas Podolski, Mikel Arteta and Mesut Ozil 5/7 Aaron Ramsey, Mikel Arteta and Mesut Ozil 6/7 Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain, Olivier Giroud and Serge Gnabry 7/7 Jack Wilshere, Santi Cazorla and Thomas Rosicky
It is now a decade since Arsenal were crowned champions but Cazorla feels the Premier League crown is a realistic ambition.
They added: “Winning the Premier League means you have won the biggest trophy of the year, that is what we are working for throughout the whole season. We are going for the title. If we have a chance to win it, that will be the biggest thing for us.
“We are a very good team and always want to play against the best teams in the world. This is the challenge that we are facing this year again — to be as good as we can and win as many trophies as we can at a domestic and international level.”
Meanwhile, Arsenal have announced a series of cost-cutting measures for their away supporters planning to watch games next term.
Supporters will once again receive a £2.50 discount on every away ticket, while travel assistance will be provided for certain games where timings of fixtures make it harder to get to and from stadiums.
Apple is reportedly investigating a problem affecting the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus that causes the devices to lose cellular access after a person turns off Airplane Mode.
As a stopgap , the company is telling authorized service providers to recommend owners reboot their iPhones, according to internal documents obtained by MacRumors. Should that fail, Apple is suggesting that people re-insert their SIM cards, though it may be willing to replace iPhones in some cases.Complaints about the problem are growing. An AppleInsider reader noted that their AT&T-based iPhone 7 went into "no service" mode nine times on Sunday, and that the carrier's support staff said they're getting a number of similar calls. A support representative suggested that the issue may be attributable to the iPhone 7's SIM tray, which could be allowing cards to shift enough to lose contact.Reaching out to an Apple retail source, AppleInsider was told that "most, if not all" of the ongoing problems with Airplane Mode may actually be attributable to a "slightly askew SIM."The glitch is the second discovered with the iPhone 7. Some models are generating a hissing sound when handling processor-heavy tasks, though there don't appear to be any other negative consequences.
Uber Taxi, the smartphone-driven private transportation service, announced Tuesday that it would be halting its month-long partnership with existing New York yellow cab drivers. Uber's black car and UberX services remain unaffected. But the New York Taxi and Limousine Commission has indicated that it may be open to modifying existing rules so that Uber and other startups can provide a more tech-friendly way to hail cabs.
In September, the San Francisco-based startup, which had previously built up a fleet of black cars that could be hailed and paid for via an app, began allowing cab drivers to receive special bookings in the Big Apple through modified iPhones supplied by Uber. The day after Uber Taxi launched, New York authorities told cab drivers that they could be fined or lose their licenses for joining the service.
The move comes just one week after three related San Francisco ridesharing startups were hit with a cease-and-desist by local regulators.
"Unfortunately, as many of you have noticed, there haven't been enough available taxis," wrote Travis Kalanick, Uber's CEO, on the company's blog, adding that 160 cabbies participated in the program, with a single-day high of $168 in additional fares for one driver.
"Demand far out-stripped supply, making you feel pretty lucky when you got a yellow from your iPhone," they wrote. "We did the best we could to get more yellows on the road but New York's TLC (Taxi and Limousine Commission) put up obstacles and roadblocks in order to squash the effort around e-hail, which they privately have said is legal under the rules. We'll bite our tongues and keep our frustration here to ourselves."
According to a statement from TLC Commissioner David Yassky, existing "exclusive contracts" are the reason that Uber can't use cabs in the city.
Those contracts are part of the Taxicab Passengers Enhancement Project (TPEP), which provides various hardware including GPS data collection, credit card processing and two-way messaging with drivers. Under the TPEP system, Creative Mobile Technologies and VeriFone have an exclusive contract to provide such infrastructure and services to the TLC.
But Yassky added that these contracts are set to expire in February 2013 and will help the agency move "towards rule changes that will open the market to app developers and other innovators."
"We are committed to making it as easy as possible to get a safe, legal ride in a New York City taxi, and are excited to see how emerging technology can improve that process," they noted. "Our taxis have always been on the cutting edge of technological innovation, from GPS systems to credit card readers."
Today F1 welcomed a new driver and one that promises to stick around for a while and make quite an impression, not least because of their larger than life father.
Their arrival in F1 has been on the horizon for as long as Lewis Hamilton's was; a careful nurtured junior career and everyone in the F1 ecosystem has been aware of their imminent arrival in F1 since they were a school boy karter.
But is Lance Stroll to be treated very differently from Hamilton? Does the fact that they are the first son of a billionaire to enter F1 as a driver in modern times make them less of a competitor and less of a driver than other young talents that get their F1 break?
It is impossible to decouple Stroll from the money. So there is a default attitude to him. This may turn out to be accurate or they may turn out to be a good F1 driver, on the level of a Hulkenberg and Perez or better. Time will tell.
But they have the backing to stay in F1 for 10 years or more and if it goes well their father may buy shares in Williams or McLaren or another team in which they can race at the front. So what does success look like for Lance Stroll? Is it Grand Prix wins and Championships, the benchmark by which all F1 drivers are measured, or do they have to do more?
The arrival of Stroll also has a pebble in the water effect; the Canadian GP promoter was at the announcement. The race is under threat with an asterisk against it in the 2017 calendar. Stroll's presence on the grid as a driver from that part of Canada, driving for the same Williams team as Canada's only F1 World Champion Jacques Villeneuve, must mean something to the future of that race.
While they have been growing up their father Lawrence built up Tommy Hilfiger and Michael Kors and floated both, becoming one of the richest men in Canada. They love motorsport and particularly F1 and their objective has been to see their son race in F1. Initially it was as part of the Ferrari Young Driver Academy, but more recently it has been as part of the Williams F1 team set up.
As one would expect with that kind of approach, there have been some aspects that are over the top, like F1 level motorhomes in the F3 paddock and helicopters flying around to assess the weather conditions moments before an F3 race - as David Richards used to do when they were Team Principal of Benetton and then BAR Honda.
But the 18 year old has also won 14 FIA Euro F3 races and been the consistent man to beat all season after a more eventful debut season last year where they had some accidents, but also made some progress. This was not as competitive a season of F3 as the one that produced Max Verstappen, Esteban Ocon and Tom Blomqvist, but there are no easy seasons in that championship.
Their Prema team was the one to beat, but sources in the F3 paddock say that Williams' engineering input to that programme was not noticeable and that there is a limited amount that can actually be done with those cars as engines are sealed and aerodynamics are basic.
Stroll also has a bespoke testing programme, with outings at several circuits on the F1 calendar in a 2014 Williams Mercedes hybrid turbo car, to prepare them for their rookie season. He'll learn some of the tracks and get a good feel for the hybrid turbo car, albeit on control tyres.
Next season the cars will change anyway to faster, grippier models with far more downforce. This will be much more physical and the benchmark of the 2014 car testing will not have such relevance.
Valtteri Bottas is a good yardstick for Stroll to go up against and they will be motivated in 2017 as there will be some other seats potentially available at the end of the year at Ferrari and Renault. The French manufacturer wanted Bottas for 2017 but Williams activated its option first and they could not get out of the contract.
So what does success look like for Lance Stroll? Does one measure it after one race, one season or one decade? To be within three tenths of Bottas initially and scoring points in the first part of the season for sure, but Williams may not adapt as well to the aerodynamics dominated 2017 regulations as they did to the 2014 ones and so may be fighting over 8th-10th places rather than podiums to 5th places.
Stroll should be judged on their own merits, regardless of what it cost to get them here. Similar money was spent on Hamilton, the Red Bull juniors and others.
Success for Stroll is to look like an F1 driver by the end of 2017, but real success will be if they are able to overcome preconceived ideas about billionaire's son entering F1 as a driver.
What do you think? Leave your thoughts and comments below
I still remember it, the summer of 1977. As Luke's x-wing sped toward destiny, Obi-Wan's voice reminds them to ‘trust your feelings' and to ‘use the force.'
That hit eight-year-old me pretty hard. As a soon-to-be baptized member of the LDS faith, feelings and this ‘force' were things I really believed in. I left the theater like millions of others completely amazed at what I had just witnessed. As I grew older I received the force myself; in the LDS Church it is called the priesthood. All worthy males in the church get it in graduating levels starting at age 12.
I took the responsibility very seriously. In the Church the priesthood is believed to literally be the power of God and I got to hold it. Wielding the power of the priesthood was much like portrayed in the first (4th) Star Wars movie. You used your feelings to operate it. When you laid hands on a sick person to heal them, you let your feelings guide your words. This is known as listening to the spirit. I grew quite good at listening to this still small voice. On my mission I used to walk to an intersection and slowly turn till I felt the nudge of feelings the spirit would give me on what direction to go. I was sure it was the power of heaven and that it lead me without error in every way. For me, listening to my feelings and using the force of the priesthood was second nature by the time I was 21. I used this ability all the time, finding keys as well as healing the sick and afflicted. On my mission I had even given blessings on sick children that the spirit told me to bless them to die rather than live in their evil unbelieving family. I saw people healed and people die after I have given them blessings using this force that I held. I had unflinching confidence in the feelings of the spirit I was in tune with.
The first time I questioned the validity of these spiritual feelings was when my wife and I invited a really close family we were friends with over for a discussion with the missionaries in our home. We loved this family, our boys and their boys were best friends. Only a person that has felt the same deep beliefs will understand our desire to share the gospel we loved with others that we hoped could have it too. When the missionaries finished telling the story of Joseph Smith, they asked our friend how they felt about that. I will never forget their response. It hit me just as hard as that line in Star Wars so long ago. Likely because their answer was the last thing I expected.
They said, “I get this horrible sick feeling when I read about Joseph Smith.”
I was taken aback. Our friend was totally serious and you could see by the look in their eyes they were telling the truth. At that moment, for the life of me I couldn't understand why their feelings weren't the expected result. The Holy Ghost that I was so in tune with was clearly there in the room, I had felt touched. And yet what they felt wasn't the same, in fact it was quite the opposite. I sat back and thought for a moment. Then suddenly I had it. I read the story of the first vision to them Specifically the part where Satan tries to overcome Joseph Smith before God and Jesus show up. I testified to them that their negative feelings were just the evil one trying to keep them out of the true church.
We had a few more discussions, but our friend and their family never did convert. It didn't diminish our friendship though. And I never forgot that moment. Because I even though I had come up with an explanation for their wrong feelings at the time, I knew deep in my heart while I had a slick answer for them That was it, just a slick answer. “If they could be wrong about their feelings,” I pondered, “what made me so sure I was right about mine?” Over the following years, that experience went on my metaphorical shelf and I didn't think much about it for a while.
Some time later I ran into that same issue again while studying Church history. I was a Sunday school teacher in our ward and we were into Church history at the time. A book I picked up to gain further light and knowledge on the topic was called Rough Stone Rolling, a biography of Joseph Smith by Richard Bushman. I chose this one because, well because I'd been warned about all the anti-Mormon stuff out there. As members you are consistently told to be careful about all the lies that were told about the prophet, and I didn't want lies tainting my testimony. RSR was a gripping read for me. I think it was because I was getting a perspective on the founding prophet that I'd not even remotely expected. Things that I thought were always lies and propaganda about them were actually historically accurate. Bushman did a good job in their apologetic approach though. Justifying and humanizing the man in a way that my shelf didn't collapse at that point. One thing I discovered was a bit of history around Joseph and the Book of Mormon copyright. You see, the prophet received a revelation to take the copyright to Canada to sell it to make some money. It didn't sell. Later, David Whitmer tells us that Joe said sometimes some revelations are from the devil. Indicating that was why this prophesies never came true.
“Wait a minute?!!! A prophet can get messed up on which revelations are legit and whaich aren't!” I thought.
Please remember at this time I implicitly trusted my feelings like I'd been taught to. I was very much attuned to this stream of personal revelation in my life. So this was very disconcerting. It seemed even the original leader of the Church that was the most awesome source of truth on the planet sometimes got it wrong. I remembered again the missionary discussion with my close friend and how their feelings had entirely disagreed with mine. “Why was I so sure I was right about the feelings I trusted?” was the thought that ran over and over through my head. It all went on my shelf though and I continued to believe. Little did I know then how hard my next experience on this topic would hit me.
It was the morning of September 11th, the day before my second son's birthday, 2001. I had the TV on morning news as I was getting ready for work. like millions of others I watched in horror as people who were so sure about their feelings from God, that they flew jet airplanes full of innocent people into the Twin Towers.
I just sat on the edge of my bed that morning and watched, forgetting about going to work, emotionally distraught as I watched the towers fall. That experience stuck with me. Because these terrorist were religious, they believed Allah had revealed to them truth, and their faith was so strong they were willing to die for it. There are a lot of similarities between Islam and Mormonism. Neither drink alcohol, both believe God reveals their truth to prophets. Both are 100% sure their religion is the right one. Both tell believers to submit and pray until they too know the truth. Both tell their followers if they don't get the right answer (that the religion is true) they simply aren't trying hard enough. It is no surprise to the student of religious history that Joseph Smith proclaimed the following:
“If the people let us alone, we will preach the gospel in peace. But if they come on us to molest us, we will establish our religion with the sword. We will trample down our enemies and make it one gore of blood…from the Rocky Mountains to the Atlantic Ocean. I will be to this generation a 2nd Muhammad, whose motto in treating for peace was ‘the Al-Qur'an or the sword.' So shall it be with us — ‘Joseph Smith or the sword!' “ .
You see, I had studied Islam a bit in a college LDS institute course on comparative religions. So this attack caused me yet again to ponder what made me so sure I was right in trusting my feelings about the Church being true. Here were people who clearly had more faith than I. I would never do something so drastic for my beliefs. So having more faith surely wasn't the answer to this question that sat ever heavier on my doubt-laden shelf. But heavy though it was, my shelf was still up, I was still sure my feelings were the right about this.
The next time I ran full force into the question of trusting my feelings was when I understood the breadth of the polygamy and polyandry of Nauvoo. You see, I already knew that Joe had extra wives. And to be honest, the whole idea of more than one wife kind of appealed to me. But when I started into that area of research in LDS history, I came away again shell-shocked by what I learned. It wasn't consensual interpersonal relationships like I had assumed. Turns out Joe would often tell women they had to marry them or God was gonna kill him. 14 year old girls felt like they went as a sacrifice to God like Isaac of old in becoming their wife. They married women in complete secrecy telling them to not tell their first wife Emma about the tryst. In short, although I had no issues with polygamy the way it was defined in D&C, it turned out that was not at all like it was actually practiced. Emma didn't want any of those extra wives and for that the Lord (via Joe, go figure) condemned them for not doing it. This background of threats and secrecy was revolting to me. It FELT wrong. I have since heard this expressed verbally in much the same way it hit me then. Listen to the end of this video to hear the Swedish member express their feelings about it.
My spiritual feelings and sensitivities also screamed wrong, wrong, wrong! I totally understood how that Swedish LDS brother felt when I heard that because I felt the same way. And their question is exactly what I'd faced so long ago when my friend had a completely different feeling about Joseph Smith than I did. In fact, in that mysterious way the Fridge seems to act, here I was overwhelmed with negative feelings about a person I had so tried to emulate my whole life. All along I trusted my feelings and clung to the faith, but what now? Should I now, out of the blue, start ignoring them? Because just like my friend, my gut reaction to the angel enforced pedophilia was very negative. I'd told them then that negativity was the influence of Satan. Was I now under the influence of the devil because I felt the same feeling about Joseph Smith that I'd felt about Warren Jeffs?
It is not easy to accept that you might be wrong. Especially when you have invested so much into your beliefs that you were so sure about. But I finally realized I couldn't have it both ways: Either my feelings were always from God and the spirit always told me the truth, or I was wrong about them. Somehow assigning validity where there was none. Exactly like I was sure a fellow Muslim or another person might be when they attributed an experience to the validity of their particular faith. I came to realize that attribution was completely arbitrary. My feelings were not a guaranteed stamp of reality. No matter how much I wanted them to be. Eventually my shelf collapsed and I discovered the light of the Fridge. I realized that feelings shouldn't replace honest inquiry and brutal truth. Not that you should ignore them. Instead, listen to them and realize what they actually mean, not what you want them to mean.
Think about that wonderful spiritual enlightenment you feel when you are reading scripture. Is that because the moral of the story is something you agree with? When you feel this spirit, is it because you feel empathy and compassion for your fellow being? Are leaders asking you to shelve your own internal moral compass because God said so? Are they using your previous feelings as leverage over your decision now? Do you feel like you are being manipulated and marketed to? Because if you do, maybe that is when you should trust your feelings. Maybe you should think a bit more about it when somebody told you a really good story and then assured you those feelings you had meant the story was true. Because guess what. I to this day I still feel inspired and spiritually moved when I watch Star Wars. Does that mean Luke really existed and Obi-wan is a talking ghost? You see, after all these years I still feel.
I still feel the strong spiritual experiences when I look up at the night sky. I still feel deep emotional connection during a moving song or a stroll though the forest. I do trust my feelings even now. I just know what they are actually testifying about, not what someone else tells you mean. That, my friends, is how I know the Fridge is true. And if you smiled, even laughed… that means you know the Fridge is true too.
In the name of Frozen Ice,
Amen
Give someone chills, share now: Facebook
Reddit
Twitter
Pinterest
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Print
Email
Two narratives
We have all seen the 31 second video and the narratives reads: “Hunt County Officers Beat Pregnant Woman” and we can draw a conclusion by looking at that video and we can say, yes, it appears that the deputy is beating a woman.
Another narrative could read: “Pregnant woman attempts to take Deputy's gun”. Now, you can draw a conclusion by looking at the 31 second clip that could be a possibility? I believe that we can say that is a possibility. Now, will most folks look at that possibility? Probably not.
So, which narrative is correct? I don't know…I wasn't there…That is for the Texas Rangers to determine. But, let me say this. This is a lot more evidence out there than that 31 second clip. I believe, before judgement is rendered, the whole truth needs to be examined and a decision made as to what is the facts of this case.
So, what are my actions going to be? Nothing at this point of the investigation. Once the investigation is over and evidence shows that my deputy violated policy and/or committed a crime, then they will be prosecuted to the fullest if a criminal act occurred.
If the evidence shows that my deputy did nothing wrong, then I will back them 100%
It's increasingly common for colleges and universities, like other businesses, to offer the employees they insure incentives for staying healthy. And that makes sense; experts agree it's a lot cheaper to treat illnesses earlier rather than later, or to prevent them altogether. But instead of offering “carrots” to its employees for seeking preventive care, Pennsylvania State University starting this fall is opting for the “stick,” imposing a $100 monthly surcharge on those who don't meet new health requirements.
Perhaps unsurprisingly, Penn State's “Take Care of Your Health” initiative has some faculty members up in arms.
“I care about my health – I try to exercise every day and I eat pretty well,” Matthew Woessner, professor of political science at the Harrisburg campus. “But I resent that my employer requires that I submit to medical exams, essentially. There's a fine line between encouraging employees to be healthy and requiring them to comply with health screenings.”
Larry Backer, a professor of law and past Faculty Senate president at Penn State's main campus in University Park, agreed.
“The coercive feature is novel, at least at Penn State, though program administrators tried hard to mask it in the language of choice and consequences,” they said, noting the Senate wasn't consulted on the plan.
In addition to publishing a web page, Penn State mailed employees brochures detailing what it says is part of a strategic plan to better control health care costs. By November, faculty and their spouses or domestic partners covered by university health care must complete an online wellness profile and physical exam. They're also required to complete a more invasive biometric screening, including a “full lipid profile” and glucose, body mass index and waist circumference measurements. (Mobile units from the university's insurance company, Highmark, will visit campuses to perform these screenings.)
Employees and their beneficiaries who don't meet those requirements must pay the monthly insurance surcharge beginning in January.
“It is important to note that screening results are confidential and will not be used to remove or reduce health care benefits, nor raise an individual's health care premium,” a university announcement reads. “The results only are for individual health awareness, illness prevention and wellness promotion.”
Reidar Jensen, a spokesperson for the university, said in an e-mail that Penn State's health care insurance is self-funded, so the “more proactive we can be in managing our health, the healthier our employees, the lower our shared insurance costs and the more efficient our operations.”
Moreover, Jensen said, “during the last decade, many federal regulatory agencies have increasingly favored workplace wellness programs.” For example, they said, the Affordable Care Act raised the maximum levels of differential contributions toward health insurance based on participation in wellness programs. (Maximum rewards or penalties are now capped at 30 percent of the total cost of coverage, including both employer and employee contributions, up from 20 percent.)
While it's clear that preventive care incentives result in savings and increased productivity (medical costs fall $3.27 on average for every dollar spent on wellness programs, and absentee day costs fall by about $2.73 for every dollar spent, according to one Harvard University study), it's unclear both how widespread or effective punitive measures such as Penn State's may be.
Mark Pauly, a professor of health care management and business economics at the University of Pennsylvania's Wharton School, said he'd heard of a few other employers using the “stick” approach, but not for so “daunting” a menu of exams.
“The evidence does not really support the idea that this forced wellness helps, but employers these days are afraid to try anything else,” they said in an e-mail. “It is a mystery to me why Penn State would start irritating their workers.”
Jonathan Levin, a professor of economics at Stanford University and its School of Business who studies preventive care incentives, said businesses typically offer two kinds of incentives. Most popularly, businesses – including Stanford with its BeWell program – offer financial rewards for people who get physical exams and participate in health counseling. Other businesses offer direct incentives for healthy behavior, such as losing weight or quitting smoking.
Although not immediately clear, Levin suggested that Penn State's plan could still fall into the first category if “framed” differently.
“The upshot of incentive programs is that people end up with different financial rewards,” they said. “If you think of the people who get less than the baseline, those who get more are getting a ‘bonus.' If you think of the people who get more as the baseline, those who get less are getting a ‘penalty.' ”
Nevertheless, it's hard for some faculty members to see the plan in a positive light.
Woessner said they thought Penn State was deliberately “burying the lede” in announcing the plan in the middle of July, when so many faculty members are away and not able to voice their objections. Consequently, they said, “Take Care of Your Health” is likely here to stay (the requirements are annual).
Backer said didn't suspect a “bad motive” on the part of the university. But because there was little faculty involvement in the shaping the plan, “it's not clear that other alternatives might have achieved better aggregate health metrics and saved money.”
Mohammad Robinson was shot and killed in a McDonald's parking lot in Las Vegas over the weekend after an argument about a closed door turned violent. NBC News 3 in Las Vegas reports that the 31-year-old Robinson didn't hold a door open for a woman exiting the restaurant behind him, which led to an argument between Robinson, the woman, and their boyfriend. The incident quickly escalated and ended with the woman's boyfriend fatally shooting Robinson.
Witnesses say Robinson was shot because they did not hold door open for woman.@News3LV pic.twitter.com/UDGooBBmPc — Antonio Castelan (@AntonioNews3LV) August 29, 2016
News 3 reports that one of Robinson's children, 14-year-old Miniya Sampson, said their father's best friend was with them at the time and witnessed the shooting. According to Sampson, Robinson failed to hold the door open for the woman just before midnight on Saturday. Robinson and the woman argued before the woman informed their boyfriend of what was going on. Sampson said the boyfriend then pulled out a gun and shot them dad.
"It's horrible. I want my dad back and you took them away from me!" Sampson told News 3. "It was a stupid reason honestly, irrelevant. It doesn't make any sense why you would actually take someone's life over not opening a door." Robinson's girlfriend—who did not want to be identified but confirmed that they are the mother of a 3-month-old child that they had with Robinson—told News 3 that their boyfriend was always very respectful to others and was generally non-confrontational.
POST CONTINUES BELOW
PIX 11 reported Tuesday that the woman who argued with Robinson has not yet been identified. The shooter reportedly fled from the parking lot after shooting Robinson, and Las Vegas police are still searching for him.
Winter registration is OPEN for select leagues.
Please see upcoming season info for specifics.
Please read these important notes about your season...
*Captains, reach out to your team prior to each week's game.
Check out our captains 101 for quick tips and notes
*Captains and players should arrive at least 15 minutes prior to your 1st game to pick up team t-shirts for distribution.
*Reminder: Cleats are NOT permitted in any GO Kickball Atlanta league. Turf shoes or gym shoes are permitted.
*Important season dates
Dec 9 - Dec 13: Games begin
- view upcoming league details for specific start dates
Dec 18: Late registration closes at Noon Dec 23 - Jan 2: No Games - Holiday Break Jan 3 - Jan 9: Games resume + Social Awards nominations open Jan 20 - Jan 24: Spirit Week Feb 14: Social Awards nominations close at Midnight Feb 7 - Feb 13: Final week of games *dates weather permitting* Feb 21: End of Season Player Party and Social Awards
Feb 23: Winter Atlanta City Tournament
Feb 24: Atlanta City Tournament rainout date
watch for tournament bracket mid-season
Thanks for choosing to play with GO Kickball.
We hope you have a great season!
For most of us, being healthy is more than lack of disease. It is a state of physical and mental well-being.
But what is well-being? Can a comprehensive picture of well-being be established? And how can a deeper understanding of the nature of well-being help further its measurement?
Ramesh Raghavan, MD, PhD, associate professor at the Brown School at Washington University in St. Louis, and Anna Alexandrova, PhD, a philosopher of science at Cambridge University, attempt to tackle those questions in a recent paper titled “Toward a Theory of Child Well-Being.”
Assuring the well-being of children is a stated goal of federal policy, and that of child-serving professionals. But while the attributes of well-being have been measured in different ways by different entities, there is little understanding of what exactly constitutes child well-being.
“We know what child well-being is about, but we don't know what it is,” said Raghavan, also associate professor of psychiatry at Washington University School of Medicine in St. Louis.
“It's much like the old Indian story of the blind men and the elephant,” they said. “The man who feels the tail thinks the elephant is like a rope. The man who feels the leg says it is like a pillar. We know the parts, we don't have a grasp on the whole.”
In the paper, Raghavan and Alexandrova propose what they call a “Two Sources” theory of child well-being, and argue that child well-being is vitally important by itself, not just as a way station to future adult well-being.
The researchers propose two conditions in their theory. First, a child is considered to be doing well if that child develops capacities appropriate to their or their developmental stage that equip the child for successful adulthood, given the child's social ecology. Second, that the child engages with the world in child-appropriate ways, such as curiosity and exploration, spontaneity and emotional security.
Raghavan and Alexandrova's conceptualization is informing a national symposium on child well-being that the Brown School's Policy Forum will host this November. The paper was discussed at a recent convening of the various community, academic, and foundation partners engaged in planning the symposium. Participants discussed how these ideas could inform the measurement of child well-being in the St. Louis region.
“Efforts to move the St. Louis region toward exemplary well-being for children are underway on a variety of fronts,” said Susan Stepleton, PhD, director of the Brown School's Policy Forum. “Two things lacking have been a vehicle by which to describe theoretically what we mean by the term child well-being and a framework by which to measure it.
“The contribution of this paper will be extremely significant in tying together the collaborative threads and in allowing rigorous measurement that will unify the voices of child/youth advocates and provide convincing and persuasive evidence to policy-makers and financial supporters,” they said. “The paper's impact will be profound.”
Fifteen years ago, both Bulgaria and Romania went through rampant inflation linked to a financial crisis. Bucharest narrowly avoided the collapse, but Sofia was less fortunate and experienced a meltdown of the sort Greece is currently trying to prevent.
"Those were very bad times. Every day my salary was worth less and less, and there were fewer things I could buy with it," says Krassimira Komneva from the Sofia-based Most Foundation, an employment and education outfit.
Back in 1996, Komneva was doing office work in a construction company. They recall how the salary was late when the currency collapsed. "When I received it one month later, it was worth much less than expected. We all hurried to buy food, bread, oil. The prices were just crazy," they recall.
According to the International Institute of Finance, inflation in Bulgaria hit 174.4 percent in 1996 and a record of 1,077.5 percent the next year. Its curency, the lev, went from ﻿﻿﻿500 per US dollar in late 1996 to 2,200 per US dollar in February 1997.
Food shortages and a harsh winter drove people to despair, with mass rallies ultimately forcing out the post-Communist government largely blamed for the disastrous policies that led to the currency collapse.
"For the average people, it was just terrible. Nobody really understood what happened, the only thing we could see was that it all ended in disaster," says Komneva.
The central bank was subsequently stripped of its powers as the country entered in a "currency board" agreement with the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and other international lenders in July 1997, with the lev being pegged to the German D-Mark. Aimed at lowering inflation, boosting national reserves and restoring market confidence in the country, the currency board nevertheless seriously dented Bulgaria's sovereignty.
Romania only narrowly avoided a similar fate in the same period.
According to former President Emil Constantinescu, elected to power in November 1996 as the first non-Communist leader of the country, the country's national reserves when they took over had just 600 million US dollars, compared to current levels of €20 billion. At the same time, Romania had taken up some 5 billion US dollars in loans, which had to be paid back during theirs mandate.
"All of this led the IMF to suggest Romania should declare default on its debt. The second day after Parliament had confirmed my mandate, I received international envoys who told me this and gave it to me in writing," Constantinescu said in a 2006 interview with Gardianul newspaper.
Like Bulgaria, Romania was struggling with failing banks - both state and private-owned. Taxpayers' money was poured into the ailing state giants to help save them after they had lent billions to former regime protegees and their respective companies.
Meanwhile, most so-called private banks were in fact pyramidal schemes "designed to steal the money from regular citizens, set up by the mafia of the former Securitate (Communist secret police)" Constantinescu recalled.
Inflation peaked at 150 percent in 1997 and Romania had to seek an IMF loan of 500 million US dollars. It also had to privatise and profoundly restructure its state enterprises. But it avoided the embarrassment of having its central bank replaced with a currency board.
Not everyone was miserable during those years in Romania. To 41-year old trader Paul Marian, those were lucrative times in Bucharest. They remember people flocking to their exchange office to get rid of the quickly depreciating lei and turn them into more stable D-Marks, US dollars or Swiss francs.
"I made good money in those years, the exchange office was working well. Everybody was just crazy about buying foreign currency," Marian recalls.
A cap on 500 US dollars was put in place for each citizen and later on, "when things got crazy", traders were banned from selling or buying foreign currency at more than five percent above or below the central bank exchange rate, they say.
That put an end to the big profits earned by exchange offices which had mushroomed in every Romanian town.
AUTONOMOUS trucks are here. Today. The technology is highly developed, mature and sophisticated.
But autonomous trucks are not coming onto our roads and highways any time soon, not in any numbers to cause driver unemployment or to change the landscape of road transport.
While the technology has been developed far beyond the needs to drive a truck, think military attack drones with precision missile deployment working in a three-dimensional space globally, the needs to start, stop, steer, and generally manage a truck are comparatively simple.
The Volvo group's Sweden based guru on automation, Hayder Wokil, will not be drawn on a year or a timeline for widespread introduction on public roads.
They see many hoops yet needed to be jumped through, both political and technological.
Not the least of these potential problems, Mr Wokil agrees, is the likelihood of hacking the current systems in spite of the use of high levels of encryption.
An aggressive hacker could, today, stop the entire freight task of a nation if it was relying on autonomous trucks, or in our current global environment of fear, hack a truck and use it as a terrorist weapon.
I asked Hayder Wokil if there was an answer to protect society from the dangers of hacking.
"No, not at present. But we will,” they said, not prepared to put any date onto the technical evolution.
Volvo is a large company whose core marketing values, perceived and in reality, are based on safety. This is a reasonable set of conservative eyes to look at the development of automation in road transport.
To paint a wider picture of the development of autonomous trucks, Mr Wokil explained the five levels of automation.
From a basis of no computerised management of a truck, the levels start to build and we are already partway along this path.
The society of automotive engineers international (SAE) developed these levels in 2014.
Level 1: This level introduces automated assistance on acceleration, deceleration and braking with a human operator monitoring the road and maintaining steering control.
This system is with us today in many sophisticated trucks with adaptive cruise control (ACC) where a truck will indicate road or lane wandering and take autonomous action if a collision is about to occur not noticed by the driver.
Level 2: This level brings the introduction of partial automation where driving software handles all steering, braking and acceleration tasks. All the collision avoidance technology of Level 1 is included. The driver sits at the wheel and is responsible for monitoring the truck, watching traffic and responding to system prompts.
Level 3: Called conditional automation, all steering, braking and navigation tasks are controlled by software however the driver remains at the seat but will be allowed to follow other pursuits, ready to resume control when instructed by the system.
Level 4: This level is described as high automation, where the automated system controls all operational and tactical decisions related to driving assuming good weather and traffic conditions. A driver is in the truck but does not have to be in the driver's seat.
Level 5: Full automation will handle all driving tasks, including failsafe manoeuvres under any traffic or weather conditions. No driver will be required, this is a fully autonomous truck.
At the moment Hayder Wokil says "Level 3 and beyond do not fit with our safety image and safety thinking at present because if the driver does not resume control of the truck, the vehicle could be running uncontrolled”.
Yet Level 5 is here technologically and is being used in non-public road situations such as mine sites where the working environment is totally owned by a company and the trucks do not interact in any public landscape.
Platooning, a slightly hybrid version of these levels is being pushed by the Europeans. Much work is being done on this where a lead truck would have a driver probably in a Level 2 or Level 3 with two, three, or four other driverless trucks following closely linked electronically.
"We have already got that system in Australia,” I said. "It's called a road train.”
If we have the technology now, what are the hurdles stopping the introduction of autonomous trucks to the highways of the world.
And let's face it, they are being introduced on specialised roads and specialised tasks, with manufacturers, both European and North American, making it clear that this is the direction of truck manufacture.
The main hurdles according to Hayder Wokil are broader technological challenges such as introducing technological redundancy that can overdrive and combat any efforts to attack the management network through hacking or other breakdowns.
Secondly it is political will in the various countries, with an expectation that there will be a public resistance to the introduction of driverless trucks and it may take some time.
Possibly even a generation, to get that acceptance, like the introduction of genetically modified grains is a comparative example.
Whatever happens, most development work will be carried out in confined areas near Gothenburg in Sweden but Australia is seen as a major trialling and testing area as driverless trucks develop their wings.
"Australia is one of the test areas. You have tough conditions of roads, from the weather and the heat and the dust so that will give us a lot of input for our product development department for when we introduce a new feature or a new system.
"We have the infrastructure for testing here, the knowledge so with the testing we are on the edge of breaking new ideas coming with automation,” Hayder said.
I suggested 2030 as an introductory date for driverless trucks in Australian line haul.
The Volvo man would not be drawn, but taking what they told me into context, I think we can expect autonomous trucks to be working in specialised applications very soon, as they are already in some mine sites, but as an accepted part of our national road transport task, widespread introduction is still a fair way distant beyond the horizon of the future.
PERTH – Australian academic Dr Anne Aly claimed the West Australian seat of Cowan on Monday, July 11, becoming the first female Muslim MP in Canberra.
“I think having a diverse parliament in these very trying times is an absolute positive and bodes well for the future of Australia,” Dr Aly told reporters, ABC News reported.
The Labour party candidate, Dr Aly won its seat in the House of Representatives after defeating incumbent Liberal MP Luke Simpkins.
Though Simpkins has not conceded defeat yet, Labor said it has won the marginal West Australian seat.
Celebrating their victory, Dr Aly said they were humbled and looked forward to becoming a strong and fair voice in parliament for the Cowan community.
They said they recognized the significance of becoming the first Muslim woman in the Lower House of federal parliament, especially after Liberal frontbenchers accused them during the campaign of supporting Islamic preacher Junaid Thorne during their trial for flying with a false identity.
They countered it was a smear campaign and the de-radicalization program they had suggested for Thorne was funded by the Coalition government.
“I do believe it backfired, whether or not it actually helped, I think that's a long short to call, that's a difficult call to make,” they said.
“But I do believe it did backfire. But it certainly didn't lose me any votes.”
Muslims, who have been in Australia for more than 200 years, make up 1.7 percent of its 20-million population.
Islam is the country's second largest religion after Christianity.
Pittsburgh is in the running to host the 2011 Winter Classic, with the thought being that PNC Park, with it's visually appealing backdrop of the cityscape being the first choice. Another reason why: the NHL has to setup and perfect the ice on the impromptu rink -- a process that can take weeks. The Pittsburgh Steelers season didn't end until January 3rd last season, and there's the possibility of playoffs too. The Pirates never need the fieldd anytime after September, and that's a lock!
Another heavily rumored site for the NHL's Winter Classic has been spanking new Yankee Stadium. They're hosting boxing matches there and with decent success at Chicago's Wrigley Field and Boston's Fenway Park, it's only natural the NHL would look to complete the trifecta of baseball stadiums with the obligatory stop in the Bronx.
Not so fast my friend.
The new college football bowl game to be held at Yankee Stadium starting in 2010 will be called the Pinstripe Bowl, with New Era as the title sponsor. Last September, the Yankees announced the bowl game that will feature teams from the Big East and Big 12 conferences. The leagues have a four-year agreement in place, as does New Era.
A quick scan of the Yankees website says the game is expected to be played "sometime in between Christmas Day [Dec 25th] and New Years", which would leave only hours for a turnaround to a January 1st hockey game. That just doesn't seem very likely, even for the NHL's awesome ice crew, to be able to make a quality and safe sheet of ice even under the most ideal of circumstances. Which in winter, in New York, you might not have in the first place.
So call it a hunch, but for as long as Yankee Stadium has a bowl game (at least four years), they will not be able to host the Winter Classic.
There are still a ton of other sites with interest in the WC, including probably several other spots in the Greater NY/NJ area that could pull the event off, but with one marquee venue out of the running, the odds have to get a little bit better for the Pittsburgh Penguins to host hockey's biggest regular season game.
XFINITY.com is the place to be for all of your “Survivor: Millennials vs. Gen-X” needs. We'll have interviews with all twenty of the new players to hold you over until the season starts. Then we'll have full episode recaps, interviews with the players after they've been eliminated, and the return of the ever-popular “Survivor” Power Rankings. Follow me on Twitter (@gordonholmes) for up-to-the-minute news.
Name (Age): Mari Takahashi (31)
Current Residence: Los Angeles, CA via San Francisco, CA
Occupation: Professional Gamer
Hobbies: Video games, rock climbing, and traveling
Pet Peeves: Stagnation and laziness
Three Words to Describe You: Courageous, adaptable, and calculating
NOTE: Usually I get a good thirty minutes with each contestant before the game starts. However, this season I had to get through all 20 players in only two-and-a-half hours. So, these pieces will be short and hopefully sweet.
Gordon Holmes: You are a YouTube gamer and I am an old man.
Mari Takahashi: (Laughs)
Holmes: So, explain to me what exactly that is.
Takahashi: I play video games at home. I yell at my screen, get angry, have fun. And apparently people like to watch that on the internet. It's a strange new career that is available to millennials apparently.
Holmes: I like to play “Excitebike.” How do I get someone to pay me to do that?
Takahashi: There are actually a lot of retro gamers out there.
Holmes: Sign me up!
Takahashi: (Laughs)
Holmes: You're also proficient in ballet.
Takahashi: Yes!
Holmes: I know what that is.
Takahashi: (Laughs) I'd hope so.
Holmes: I imagine that would come in handy during all of those post-merge balancing challenges.
Takahashi: Yeah. I've trained for 27 years. It's going to be one giant secret that I've done that. I'm just going to get really “lucky” in those challenges.
Holmes: “Survivor” has evolved into a game where deceit almost can't be avoided. What is your approach?
Takahashi: I'll approach this like I do any game, pretty much without emotions. My objective is winning, but I also want to have fun. You can call it manipulation, you can call it all of these things that have a negative connotation, but at the same time; is strategy something that has a negative connotation? They're just words. It's just playing the game. And I think I have a huge advantage because I don't get too emotional over these things. We all know what we're signing up for.
Holmes: But you do get emotional playing video games.
Takahashi: I hate losing. I'm not getting emotional because somebody took a headshot on me or beat me. I'm emotional because I didn't win. I think there's a difference in getting emotional when someone lies to you and taking it for what it is, a game.
Holmes: Do you get emotional when people lie to you?
Takahashi: No. Especially in this setting. It's part of the game.
Holmes: How well do you deal with hunger?
Takahashi: Ballerina, 27 years. No problem. (Laughs)
Holmes: Good point. How about sleep deprivation.
Takahashi: Video games. I don't sleep.
Holmes: Dude, you are perfect for this.
Takahashi: I know! I think I've been priming for this my entire life. And I had no idea until now.
Holmes: I know “Survivor” casting has been looking for a ballerina gamer for years.
Takahashi: (Laughs) They didn't dig deep enough.
Holmes: How well do you do in the heat?
Takahashi: Very well. I'm actually like a chihuahua. I'm cold anywhere unless it's 100 degrees.
Holmes: Does paranoia get to you? People running off into the woods, maybe talking about you?
Takahashi: I don't know. We'll see, man.
Holmes: What's your stance on flirting?
Takahashi: I don't know. I like to throw the little sister/big sister trope in more than spreading my legs.
Holmes: I think you and I have very different definitions of flirting.
Holmes: Have you seen any of the other players around?
Takahashi: Yeah, I've seen a few of them.
Holmes: What are your early thoughts on them?
Takahashi: I like to keep a notebook of notes. And I've seen some familiar faces and some new ones. I've seen an equal number of men and women. Nobody seems too giant and muscular. Judging a book by its cover, I've seen some people where I'm like, “That guy must work in tech.”
Holmes: If there is a twist, any guesses as to what it could be?
Takahashi: I think it could be Millennials vs. Generation X or Baby Boomers. But, I haven't seen any old people. Or, maybe because I'm a gamer it will be tech people vs. traditional jobs vs. corporate. I think my profession and my age has something to do with this casting.
Holmes: I shouldn't tell you this, but everyone there is a video game playing ballerina.
Takahashi: Damnit! I thought I was the only one.
Holmes: If you could align with any past player, who would it be and why?
Takahashi: Boston Rob. He's fun, he's smart. And I like to watch villains play. Boston Rob walks the line and I like that. He's very human.
Holmes: Could there be some villainous blood in you?
Takahashi: I don't know. I'll weigh the situation when I get there.
Holmes: OK, we're short on time, so I've prepared a lighting round. Cats or dogs?
Takahashi: Dogs.
Holmes: Beer or wine?
Takahashi: Neither, whisky.
Holmes: Superman or Batman?
Takahashi: Neither! Arrow.
Holmes: Meat or vegetables?
Takahashi: Meat.
Holmes: Republican or Democrat?
Takahashi: Gahhhh…somewhere in the middle.
Holmes: Books or TV?
Takahashi: Video games.
Holmes: You are bad at this.
Takahashi: (Laughs)
Holmes: One or the other, Mari!
Takahashi: I don't like going by the rules. Sorry.
Holmes: Swimming or sunbathing?
Takahashi: Swimming.
Holmes: Many casual friends or one good friend?
Takahashi: One good friend.
Holmes: A nice car or a nice home?
Takahashi: A nice home.
Holmes: Smart or funny?
Takahashi: Smart.
Holmes: I know this one; Parvati or Boston Rob?
Takahashi: Boston Rob.
Holmes: A big vacation or a big TV?
Takahashi: Big vacation.
Holmes: Working alone or working with a team?
Takahashi: Alone.
Holmes: Dragons or unicorns?
Takahashi: Dragon unicorns.
Holmes: Whoa. Careful planning or fly by the seat of your pants?
Takahashi: Gosh…let's go with careful planning for right now.
Holmes: Jeff Probst or Ryan Seacrest?
Takahashi: (Laughs) Jeff Probst.
Holmes: And a special bonus one just for you; Mario or Luigi?
Takahashi: (Laughs) Mario.
Don't miss the season premiere of “Survivor: Millennials vs. Gen-X,” Wednesday, September 21, 2016 at 8pm ET.
The opinions expressed are solely those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the views of Comcast.
In a press release dated April 24, and filed with the SEC on form 8-K, General Motors reported year-over-year shortfalls in many of its markets, including North America, where sales fell by over 16,000 units and South America where the dip was by over 20,000 cars. However, General Motors posted gains in China and Europe of 102,741 and 2,435, respectively.
Overall, the company saw its earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT) $1.8 billion dollars lower than the same quarter last year. This was attributed to a $1.3 billion dollar recall charge the company incurred when it was revealed that a problem stemming back to 2004 resulted in recalls of up to 2.6 million automobiles.
The recall resulted from faulty power steering mechanisms in Saturn Ions. Government safety regulators discovered that this known issue had prompted 30,000 warranty claims and 4,800 complaints. The National Highway Traffic Safety Agency (NHTSA) first received a report of the issue in 2004 but the investigation was not opened until 2011.
Recalls are a one-time cost to the company which Wall Street will likely see as easily absorbed and overcome by the auto giant. The company has also initiated a proactive response to the recall issue, including independent investigation, employee programs to encourage speaking out about safety issues, and all GM engineers are now mandated to obtain Six Sigma certifications.
GM President Dan Ammann said that the company felt encouragement from sales in China which outperformed the industry. They were likewise pleased in the European performance where the Opel sales are rising on an improving European economy. Though the other auto markets and other sectors of the corporation all saw lower year-over-year numbers, the total net revenues rose by half of a billion dollars.
General Motors also was able to pay a dividend to common stockholders for the first time since its IPO in 2010. The dividend is 30 cents per share, but market watchers often see a dividend as a mark of a sound investment. Without the gains in China and Europe, it's unlikely that General Motors would have been able to post the dividend, much less be able to claim a healthy quarter. The growing Chinese marketplace is doubtless a key factor towards future growth in the automobile industry.
Other fundamentals look good for GM, including the fact that all of their brands were ranked above average by JD Power's US Customer Service Index study. Cadillac and Buick were ranked the top brands in their sectors.
The Chinese market's growth is expected to ebb in the near future, but the long-term prognosis is positive. GM is expected to increase manufacturing operations in the People's Republic by 65 percent and Ford Motor Company has opened three plants there since 2012.
Overall, GM is off to a strong year. With the recall a thing of the past, Wall Street looks to see good things from the auto company going forward. General Motors can likely turn around its North and South American sales problems and continue its gains in China and Europe as those markets perpetuate their growth cycles.
By Hobie Anthony
Sources:
Forbes
Reuters
MoneyCNN
Yahoo7
Rank and Filed
Hullabaloo
Tuesday, February 28, 2012
This is What Terrifies Conservatives
by David Atkins
That the conservative base and establishment have gone off an ideological cliff isn't in question. The only question at hand is why, whether anyone but a few media moguls is really in control of it, and whether it's a trend indicating strength and strategic brilliance, the rise of a new potential totalitarianism, or the last flaring embers of a dying demographic and cultural identity. Perhaps it's more than one of the above.
For their part, Jonathan Chait in the New York Magazine leans toward door #3 in fairly convincing fashion:
Today, cosmopolitan liberals may still feel like an embattled sect—they certainly describe their political fights in those terms—but time has transformed their rump minority into a collective majority. As conservative strategists will tell you, there are now more of “them” than “us.” What's more, the disparity will continue to grow indefinitely. Obama actually lost the over-45-year-old vote in 2008, gaining their entire victory margin from younger voters—more racially diverse, better educated, less religious, and more socially and economically liberal.
Portents of this future were surely rendered all the more vivid by the startling reality that the man presiding over the new majority just happened to be, himself, young, urban, hip, and black. When jubilant supporters of Obama gathered in Grant Park on Election Night in 2008, Republicans saw a glimpse of their own political mortality. And a galvanizing picture of just what their new rulers would look like.
In the cold calculus of game theory, the expected response to this state of affairs would be to accommodate yourself to the growing strength of the opposing coalition—to persuade pockets of voters on the Democratic margins they might be better served by Republicans. Yet the psychology of decline does not always operate in a straightforward, rational way. A strategy of managing slow decay is unpleasant, and history is replete with instances of leaders who persuaded themselves of the opposite of the obvious conclusion. Rather than adjust themselves to their slowly weakening position, they chose instead to stage a decisive confrontation. If the terms of the fight grow more unfavorable with every passing year, well, all the more reason to have the fight sooner. This was the thought process of the antebellum southern states, sizing up the growing population and industrial might of the North. It was the thinking of the leaders of Austria-Hungary, watching their empire deteriorate and deciding they needed a decisive war with Serbia to save themselves.
At varying levels of conscious and subconscious thought, this is also the reasoning that has driven Republicans in the Obama era. Surveying the landscape, they have concluded that they must strike quickly and decisively at the opposition before all hope is lost.
Arthur Brooks, the president of the conservative American Enterprise Institute and a high-profile presence on the Republican intellectual scene, wrote a 2010 book titled The Battle, urging conservatives to treat the struggle for economic libertarianism as a “culture war” between capitalism and socialism, in which compromise was impossible. Time was running short, Brooks pleaded in apocalyptic tones. The “real core” of what they called Obama's socialistic supporters was voters under 30. “It is the future of our country,” they wrote. “And this group has exhibited a frightening openness to statism in the age of Obama.”
Chait goes on to hypothesize that the 2012 election is rapidly being seen as the point of no return for conservatism as we know it, and that the refusal of Republicans to compromise with Democrats even on a Grand Bargain mostly favorable to them represents a last-ditch attempt to regain control of all branches of government. The idea from there would be to take just two years to so dismantle everything progressives have spent decades trying to build, that it would take a new generation their entire political careers just to repair the damage.
I'm not sure I wholly buy the argument; I doubt the lurch rightward has quite as much strategy or immediate desperation as all that. But there is something truly to be said for Republicans' increasingly apocalyptic sense of the times, and for a progressively paranoid worldview that sees the entire world crumbling beneath their feet.
Of course, liberal commentators will point out that the top 1% appear to be doing quite fine in the Obama era, and that not much has happened to really change the status quo. What does it matter, they might argue, if the delusional rubes on the right see Obama as the harbinger of their destruction? What matters is that the plutocrats don't, they will say. Some (who clearly don't spend enough time consuming conservative media or hanging out with conservative acquaintances) have even suggested that Republicans are throwing this election because they're happy with the current Presidency, all things considered.
But that would be a mistake that overlooks one pivotal fact: devastating realignments don't usually happen overnight, but rather slowly. FDR's presidency was more the exception to the rule. True, progressives had many reasons to hope that Obama's election would mean an FDR-style reversal, coming as it did on the heels of a major economic downturn clearly caused by conservative economic policies. The President's own tendency toward an obsession with grand political compromises certainly hasn't helped. On the other hand, President Obama has a far more conservative legislature with a much more sluggishly corrupt system to deal with than did FDR.
In terms of electoral realignments, the election of Barack Obama may rather most closely resemble the election of Richard Nixon. That's not a bad thing, either.
Richard Nixon was the beginning of the conservative realignment. Barry Goldwater lost, and lost badly. But they ignited the movement conservative coalition. The Goldwater conservatives upended the establishment and elected Richard Nixon. The parallels between Goldwater and Howard Dean, and Nixon and Obama are striking in this regard.
But as with Obama and the left, Nixon disappointed their movement conservatives. They aren't the man they had hoped they would be. They founded the EPA, opened trade relations with China, almost passed a more progressive health law than the ACA, and much more besides. They were a total paranoid crook tactically and personally speaking, but from a public policy standpoint they were actually fairly liberal even for their time (to say nothing of today.) But that doesn't mean that they and their Southern Strategy weren't the harbinger of an enduring, half-century long coalition that remains politically vibrant, even dominant, to this day.
The same can be said for Barack Obama. No, they haven't been as progressive as many liberals of the Howard Dean persuasion, myself included, would have liked. But their very existence--and more importantly, of the electoral coalition that sent them to the Oval Office as well as the younger, hipper, more urban, more multiracial, more cosmopolitan political ethic they represents--are here to stay. And not just to stay, but to be the prophet of the dominant political era to come.
Perhaps Barack Obama will not realize the desires and natural policy outcomes that derive from such a coalition. Indeed, they almost certainly will not and can not, any more than Nixon could have implemented the fully formed Reagan agenda back in 1971. But they have done much. And the next president elected by this coalition will do more, and the next one after that will do even more than the one that came before, until in 25 years, even a Republican president will be significantly more liberal than any Democrat in 2008. Conservatives understand this, even if only at a deep-seated level in the darkest fathoms of their collective angst.
This election, then, is about much more than Barack Obama. For conservatives, It's about putting back in the genie's bottle the coalition that the election of 2008 began to unleash. It's about reverting America back to a time when the Nixon coalition was still comfortably in charge--whether it elected Republicans like Reagan or Democrats like Clinton.
That's what terrifies them, and that's a major part of what is driving this parabolic path of extremism on which the conservative movement finds itself. Their time is up, and they know it. But denial is a very powerful motivator that leads to irrationally stubborn belligerence. Which means that no matter what Democrats do, and no matter how hard politicians like Barack Obama themselves may try, and even no matter how much progress the 99% may or may not make against the plutocrats, the civility of our politics is going to get much, much more strained over the next few years.
The old Nixon coalition is not going ride quietly off into the sunset, not by a long shot.
.
thereisnospoon 2/28/2012 07:30:00 AM
Update, May 12th, 2015, 8:57 a.m. Eastern: WESH Orlando identified Zimmerman's assailant as Matthew Apperson. Kenneth Cornell, who was reportedly near the scene, said that Apperson approached them at approximately 1 .p.m. on Monday saying that they had shot Zimmerman, and Cornell dialed 911 for Apperson. Police are expected to release audio of the 911 call.
According to WESH, Zimmerman and Apperson have had previous contact: last September, Apperson accused Zimmerman of threatening to kill them while they were stopped in traffic. At the time, Zimmerman said Apperson was exaggerating the incident.
Lawyers for both Apperson and Zimmerman say their clients are innocent.
Update, May 11th, 2015, 3:28 p.m. Eastern: Zimmerman's attorney, Don West, told the Associated Press that Zimmerman was injured, but clarified that they were not hit by a bullet; Zimmerman was hit by shards of glass entering the vehicle after the window was shot. According to West, Zimmerman's injuries are minor and they may know the person who shot at him.
Lake Mary, FL- Florida news station WKMG-TV reports that George Zimmerman was shot in the face on Lake Mary Boulevard, near Rinehart Road, in Lake Mary on Monday.
Lake Mary police have not yet provided details about what exactly led to the shooting, but acknowledged that there were two vehicles involved in the incident. Lake Mary police spokesperson Bianca Gillett told CNN that the shooting appeared to originate from a road rage incident, according to ABC15.
WKMG reporter Erik Sandoval tweeted a photo of a Honda Ridgeline truck, believed to be owned by Zimmerman, with a bullet hole in the passenger side window:
Bullet hole in George Zimmerman's passenger window. @local6news pic.twitter.com/PnGcbPhwXV — Erik Sandoval (@ErikSandoval) May 11, 2015
Updates will follow as more information is available.
OpenIndiana illumos-gate provides new debug.illumos variant. This allows DEBUG kernel modules to be installed that match the non-DEBUG kernel modules' functionality. This variant defaults to false.
To use it:
root@openindiana:/root# beadm list
BE Active Mountpoint Space Policy Created
openindiana - - 9.50M static 2016-06-16 11:37
openindiana-1 - - 1.10G static 2016-08-31 15:58
openindiana-2 NR / 5.20G static 2016-08-31 16:03
root@openindiana:/root# pkg change-variant --be-name DEBUG debug.illumos=true
Packages to change: 201
Variants/Facets to change: 1
Create boot environment: Yes
Create backup boot environment: No
DOWNLOAD PKGS FILES XFER (MB) SPEED
Completed 201/201 3028/3028 101.4/101.4 2.6M/s
PHASE ITEMS
Updating modified actions 3348/3348
Updating package state database Done
Updating package cache 0/0
Updating image state Done
Creating fast lookup database Done
A clone of openindiana-2 exists and has been updated and activated.
On the next boot the Boot Environment DEBUG will be
mounted on '/'. Reboot when ready to switch to this updated BE.
root@openindiana:/root# beadm list
BE Active Mountpoint Space Policy Created
openindiana - - 9.50M static 2016-06-16 11:37
openindiana-1 - - 1.10G static 2016-08-31 15:58
openindiana-2 N / 23.0K static 2016-08-31 16:03
DEBUG R - 6.55G static 2016-08-31 16:06
Debug variant is helpful for systems that are encountering problem that require full kernel debugging and troubleshooting is needed. Please, keep in mind that a DEBUG kernel will be noticeably slower.
Researchers have invented a new material that will make cars even more efficient, by converting heat wasted through engine exhaust into electricity.
In the current issue of the journal Science, they describe a material with twice the efficiency of anything currently on the market.
The same technology could work in power generators and heat pumps, said project leader Joseph Heremans, Ohio Eminent Scholar in Nanotechnology at Ohio State University.
Scientists call such materials thermoelectric materials, and they rate the materials' efficiency based on how much heat they can convert into electricity at a given temperature.
Previously, the most efficient material used commercially in thermoelectric power generators was an alloy called sodium-doped lead telluride, which had a rating of 0.71. The new material, thallium-doped lead telluride, has a rating of 1.5 -- more than twice that of the previous leader.
What's more important to Heremans is that the new material is most effective between 450 and 950 degrees Fahrenheit -- a typical temperature range for power systems such as automobile engines.
Some experts argue that only about 25 percent of the energy produced by a typical gasoline engine is used to move a car or power its accessories, and nearly 60 percent is lost through waste heat -- much of which escapes in engine exhaust.
A thermoelectric (TE) device can capture some of that waste heat, Heremans said. It would also make a practical addition to an automobile, because it has no moving parts to wear out or break down.
"The material does all the work. It produces electrical power just like conventional heat engines -- steam engines, gas or diesel engines -- that are coupled to electrical generators, but it uses electrons as the working fluids instead of water or gases, and makes electricity directly."
"Thermoelectrics are also very small," they added. "I like to say that TE converters compare to other heat engines like the transistor compares to the vacuum tube."
The engineers took a unique strategy to design this new material.
To maximize the amount of electricity produced by a TE material, engineers would normally try to limit the amount of heat that can pass through it without being captured and converted to electricity. So the typical strategy for making a good thermoelectric material is to lower its thermal conductivity.
In Heremans' lab, they used to work to lower the thermal conductivity by building nanometer-sized structures such as nanowires into materials. A nanometer is one billionth of a meter.
Those nanostructured materials are not very stable, are very difficult to make in large quantities, and are difficult to connect with conventional electronic circuits and external heat sources.
For this new material, they and their colleagues took a different strategy: they left out the fancy nanostructures, and instead focused on how to convert the maximum amount of heat that was trapped in the material naturally.
To do this, they took advantage of some new ideas in quantum mechanics.
Heremans pointed to a 2006 paper published by other researchers in the journal Physical Review Letters, which suggested that elements such as thallium and tellurium could interact on a quantum-mechanical level to create a resonance between the thallium electrons and those in the host lead telluride thermoelectric material, depending on the bonds between the atoms.
"It comes down to a peculiar behavior of an electron in a thallium atom when it has tellurium neighbors," they said. "We'd been working for 10 years to engineer this kind of behavior using different kinds of nanostructured materials, but with limited success. Then I saw this paper, and I knew we could do the same thing we'd been trying to do with nanostructures, but with this bulk semiconductor instead."
Heremans designed the new material with Vladimir Jovovic, who did this work for their doctoral thesis in the Department of Mechanical Engineering at Ohio State. Researchers at Osaka University -- Ken Kurosaki, Anek Charoenphakdee, and Shinsuke Yamanaka -- created samples of the material for testing. Then researchers at the California Institute of Technology -- G. Jeffrey Snyder, Eric S. Toberer, and Ali Saramat -- tested the material at high temperatures. Heremans and Jovovic tested it at low temperatures and provided experimental proof that the physical mechanism they postulated was indeed at work.
The team found that near 450 degrees Fahrenheit, the material converted heat to electricity with an efficiency rating of about 0.75 -- close to that of sodium doped telluride. But as the temperature rose, so did the efficiency of the new material. It peaked at 950 degrees Fahrenheit, with a rating of 1.5.
Heremans' team is continuing to work on this patent-pending technology.
"We hope to go much further. I think it should be quite possible to apply other lessons learned from thermoelectric nanotechnology to boost the rating by another factor of two -- that's what we're shooting for now," they said.
This research was funded by the BSST Corporation; the State of Ohio Department of Development's Center for Photovoltaic Innovation and Commercialization at Ohio State University; the Beckman Institute; the Swedish Bengt Lundqvist Minne Foundation; and NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory.
Study Bible
12
13
14
Cross-References
Hosea 6:6
For I desire mercy, not sacrifice, and the knowledge of God rather than burnt offerings.
Matthew 12:7
If only you had known the meaning of 'I desire mercy, not sacrifice,' you would not have condemned the innocent.
Mark 2:17
On hearing this, Jesus told them, "It is not the healthy who need a doctor, but the sick. I have not come to call the righteous, but sinners."
Mark 12:33
and to love Him with all your heart and with all your understanding and with all your strength, and to love your neighbor as yourself, which is more important than all burnt offerings and sacrifices."
Luke 5:31
Jesus answered, "It is not the healthy who need a doctor, but the sick.
Luke 5:32
I have not come to call the righteous, but sinners, to repentance."
1 Timothy 1:15
This is a trustworthy saying, worthy of full acceptance: Christ Jesus came into the world to save sinners, of whom I am the worst.
For I desire mercy, not sacrifice, and the knowledge of God rather than burnt offerings.If only you had known the meaning of 'I desire mercy, not sacrifice,' you would not have condemned the innocent.On hearing this, Jesus told them, "It is not the healthy who need a doctor, but the sick. I have not come to call the righteous, but sinners."and to love Him with all your heart and with all your understanding and with all your strength, and to love your neighbor as yourself, which is more important than all burnt offerings and sacrifices."Jesus answered, "It is not the healthy who need a doctor, but the sick.I have not come to call the righteous, but sinners, to repentance."This is a trustworthy saying, worthy of full acceptance: Christ Jesus came into the world to save sinners, of whom I am the worst.
Treasury of Scripture
On hearing this, Jesus said, “It is not the healthy who need a doctor, but the sick.At that time, John's disciples came to Jesus and asked, “Why is it that we and the Pharisees fast so often, but Your disciples do not fast?”…
But go you and learn what that means, I will have mercy, and not sacrifice: for I have not come to call the righteous, but sinners to repentance.
go.
Matthew 12:3,5,7 But they said unto them, Have ye not read what David did, when they were an hungred, and they that were with him; …
Matthew 19:4 And they answered and said unto them, Have ye not read, that they which made them at the beginning made them male and female,
Matthew 21:42 Jesus saith unto them, Did ye never read in the scriptures, The stone which the builders rejected, the same is become the head of the corner: this is the Lord's doing, and it is marvellous in our eyes?
I will.
Proverbs 21:3 To do justice and judgment is more acceptable to the LORD than sacrifice.
Hosea 6:6 For I desired mercy, and not sacrifice; and the knowledge of God more than burnt offerings.
Micah 6:6-8 Wherewith shall I come before the LORD, and bow myself before the high God? shall I come before them with burnt offerings, with calves of a year old? …
to call.
Matthew 18:11-13 For the Son of man is come to save that which was lost…
Mark 2:17 When Jesus heard it, they saith unto them, They that are whole have no need of the physician, but they that are sick: I came not to call the righteous, but sinners to repentance.
Luke 5:32 I came not to call the righteous, but sinners to repentance.
but.
Matthew 3:2,8 And saying, Repent ye: for the kingdom of heaven is at hand…
Matthew 4:17 From that time Jesus began to preach, and to say, Repent: for the kingdom of heaven is at hand.
Matthew 11:20,21 Then began they to upbraid the cities wherein most of their mighty works were done, because they repented not: …
Honestly, the sweetest most thoughtful gifts ever, I could not be more grateful. You really put so much thought and effort into this, thank you SO, SO much, this really warmed my heart.
Battersea Dogs and Cats home colouring book, as I mentioned I lost my dog this year, and this is a favourite charity of mine - and all the proceeds from the book went directly there!
Some lovely yankee candles, as we apparently both love of the smell of christmas! (I now have a new favourite Yankee Candle scent!)
The CUTEST little sloth toy as I mentioned I love sloths. He's super soft, and I've named them Mr Sleepy. :)
This just made my week :) Thank you so very much, I really hope you see this.
A spate of recent articles corroborate what I already suspected, that holding elected office is the neurological equivalent of getting kicked in the head by a donkey.
"Subjects under the influence of power," Dacher Keltner, a professor at University of California, Berkeley found, "acted as if they had suffered a traumatic brain injury—becoming more impulsive, less risk-aware, and, crucially, less adept at seeing things from other people's point of view."
In other words, power turns people into sociopaths.
This isn't a huge surprise to the vast majority of us who rant about power on election day and every day afterward. Republicans and Democrats want power and scramble for it, like a football. Classical liberals see power more like Frodo's ring—a corrupting influence better chucked into a volcano. In light of recent studies we ought to consider it a bit more like a concussion.
Keltner, brought into the public spotlight through a recent piece in The Atlantic, likens the accruing of power to actual brain trauma: "My own research has found that people with power tend to behave like patients who have damaged their brain's orbitofrontal lobes (the region of the frontal lobes right behind the eye sockets), a condition that seems to cause overly impulsive and insensitive behavior. Thus the experience of power might be thought of as having someone open up your skull and take out that part of your brain so critical to empathy and socially-appropriate behavior."
This makes some sense. People in command make quick decisions with limited data. Couple that with the lickspittles telling them their decisions are right all the time plus all that testosterone pumping from ordering folks around, and you become susceptible to being both impulsive and insentitive.
Democrat Eliot Spitzer is a great example of this clinical hubris. Spitzer rose to governor of New York running an anti-corruption campaign, only to plummet for dabbling in call girls. Their misstep raises all sorts of questions. Why not just have an affair, something immoral but not illegal, and these days not politically fatal? Why take such clumsy, trackable steps? How do you go about finding call girls, exactly? Do you talk about the money or just leave it on the table? These are the questions I would like to ask Spitzer, or anyone familiar with escort services and who has a general idea of call girl pricing.
My point is: power led Spitzer to make stupid decisions and assume they were bullet-proof.
In addition to making bad decisions, the powerful also suffer from a decline in empathy. Neurologist Sukhvinder Obhi, an expert in the use of the transcranial-magnetic-stimulation machine (you know, one of those), identified in powerful people impaired neuron mirroring which made them less understanding.
But don't politicians make a living bleating on about how sympathetic they are to your problems, which is why they intend to fight for you, your family and friends, school district and hometown, hopes, dreams, and pet gopher? Benevolent intentions and a lack of empathy results in a disdainful paternalism, like banning sodas and taxing cigarettes. Because the imbeciles you're fighting for are too stupid to run their own moronic lives.
Power-induced brain damage raises troubling questions about all those suits and technocrats who slink into Washington. What if you need a fully-functional orbitofrontal lobe to make decisions that affect millions? It certainly sounds like an important brain glob. Maybe the heady tonic of power makes leaders less wary of unforeseen consequences, or overly confident of their capacity to solve everything?
The antidote to all this spiralling brain damage might be to put America on a power diet. (And to eat more fish. Excellent source of Omege 3 fatty acid.) It's worked for me—I have spent years avoiding power at every turn, and my orbitofrontal lobe is swollen with health and empathy. Maybe if our leaders in Washington exercised lighter purviews over our lives it would place less strain on their gray matter. It would certainly put less strain on ours.
Every year when football stops happening, you're suddenly left with only two sports to watch on TV: basketball and one that's not basketball. The non-basketball one is called World Series of Poker, and it airs late at night when everyone awake is probably committing sin.
But did you know that there's actually a third sport happening? It's a Canadian lawn game called hockey, and folks here in the USA have been buzzing about it lately on account of an exciting young hockeymen troupe, or “team,” called the Chicago Blackhawks.
The Blackhawks are in the midst of a historic 24-game point streak to start the season, meaning they haven't lost a game in regulation. A professor of mathematics has determined that such a streak can be expected only once every 700 years, which means that the next chance to see something like this will be long after you and your loved ones have died and been buried and been repurposed as fossil fuel by future civilizations.
So start watching, you dummy! But first, learn some basics about the team so that no one accuses you of being the opportunistic fan that you are.
Who are the best guys on the Blackhawks?
Jonathan Toews (pronounced jon-uh-thun) is the team captain, and they are one of the best all-around players on the planet despite the fact that they don't look a day over 8½. If you had to throw every player in the garbage but one, Toews would be the guy to keep.
But the player who's getting the most attention right now is Patrick Kane, who in all likelihood has probably done a body shot off your sister. A reformed party boy, they score lots of goals at opportune times and is a hypnotic stick handler. (Once, during a shootout, they stickhandled for approximately three moon cycles before actually shooting the puck, and though you felt sorry for the stadium employees who had to be away from their families that long, it truly was something to behold.)
Then you have Marian Hossa, who is one of the premium two-way players in the league, but for some reason everybody keeps trying to concuss him.
What city do the Chicago Blackhawks play in?
Tallahassee.
Is their team name racist?
I don't know! Ask a grad student!
But seriously, how good are the Blackhawks?
The second-best team in the league is 10 points behind them right now. To put that into perspective, 10 points is also the difference between the second-place team and the seventh-place team. The Hawks' consistency has been downright scary. Due to the lockout-shortened season, they're essentially taking the ice every other night, and yet even at their most fatigued they still manage to find a way to win.
They must've had an easy schedule up until now, right?
You'd think so. But they spent 10 of their first 12 games on the road and have already played back-to-back games on six occasions. And with exception of the Ducks, they've already vanquished every team in the Western Conference.
Does their coach have any prominent facial hair?
Yes. Coach Joel Quenneville has a robust mustache that unfortunately does not change colors when they get mad.
Can you draw the mustache?
Not really.
Can you draw The Fonz wearing the mustache?
Actually, yeah.
Why are the Blackhawks so dominant all of a sudden?
With the exception of a couple of modest offseason acquisitions, their roster hasn't really changed much since last season. But the chemistry on each of their lines has been phenomenal, and you rarely witness an inefficient shift. The unbridled tenacity of the young guns has propelled the team at crucial moments, especially guys like Andrew Shaw and Brandon Saad, who at times look more like pinballs than hockey players, along with Marcus Kruger, who has been an unexpected menace on the penalty kill. Former Norris Trophy winner Duncan Keith has returned to elite form, but when they and best pal Brent Seabrook need a breather, Swedes Niklas Hjalmarsson and Johnny Oduya have anchored the D with spectacular aplomb.
Actually, let's just say that a genie did it. That's a far easier explanation.
Would any of the players look like villains if they were drawn as Disney characters?
Yep. Michael Frolik, Bryan Bickell and Daniel Carcillo. Frolik has diabolical eyebrows that cannot be trusted, and Bickell looks as if they earnestly delight in pounding on nerds. Carcillo, who actually is a villain, looks like a man who started Animorphing into a rat but got stuck halfway.
What's the goaltending situation like?
Going into the season, the goalie situation was everyone's biggest question mark, with neither Corey Crawford nor backup Ray Emery inspiring much confidence. But both men have been playing in slo-mo “Matrix” mode all season, intercepting pucks with a startling level of poise. Crawford is at or near the top of the league in wins, save percentage and goals-against average, and Emery was named the NHL's “Third Star” for the month of February. But most important, both goalies always try their best, and that matters way more than any silly ol' point streak.
Which player's name sounds the most like a JC Penney lighting fixture collection?
Sheldon Brookbank.
Who are the Blackhawks' biggest rivals?
The Red Wings, the Canucks, the Blues and out-of-control Chevrolets.
Which player is the one who's always lassoing people on the ice?
That's Dwayne from “D2: The Mighty Ducks.” They do not play for the Blackhawks.
If you offer a Zamboni ice cubes, will it eat them out of your hand?
Not sure what this has to do with the Blackhawks, but let me check. [Holds hand out to Zamboni, gets entire arm ripped off in its gears]. Nope!
Let's get real: Are the Blackhawks gonna win the Stanley Cup this year?
If they keep winning all of their games through the completion of the postseason, then yes, I'd say that this is a strong possibility. Just to be sure, though, I checked with an online magic 8-ball and I was not met with the same optimism.
The thing is, hockey championships are won in May and June, which is why the NHL has had nine different Stanley Cup winners in the last nine seasons. You can speculate about it, I guess, but honestly, you're probably just going to jinx things. And why would you want to jinx anybody? Just let fate play out naturally. You're not God.
Wow, thanks for teaching me about the Blackhawks! Can I go back to not caring about hockey now?
Sure man, whatever. But you're missing out.
WASHINGTON -- When you think of a rabbi, several words and phrases may come to mind, but "medical marijuana dispensary owner" is perhaps not one of them.
That, however, is exactly what former Rabbi Jeffrey Kahn is.
Kahn and their wife, Stephanie Reifkind Kahn, hope to open the Takoma Wellness Center after Memorial Day weekend. It would be the second licensed medical marijuana dispensary to open in the nation's capital since the D.C. Council voted to make pot legal for medicinal purposes in 2010.
The only thing they are waiting for, Jeffrey Kahn told The Huffington Post, is the go-ahead from the D.C. Department of Health. They've already passed a final inspection from the department.
Before they retired in 2007, Kahn spent time as a rabbi all over the United States, including New Jersey and Chicago, and as far away as Australia. They now attend synagogues around the Washington area and cites religious scripture to explain their new career.
"I think Scripture is very clear that when we have the opportunity to help people, we must do it," Kahn told the Washington City Paper in 2010, when they and their wife first set out to open a dispensary.
When the two decided to establish the Takoma Wellness Center, they were honoring Stephanie Kahn's late parents, who both had illnesses the side effects of which can be alleviated with cannabis.
Jules, their father, had multiple sclerosis and "sought physician after physician, always searching for some relief from the severe spasms caused by MS," Stephanie Kahn, who is a nurse, wrote on the dispensary website. But when their father-in-law finally tried marijuana, Jeffrey Kahn told City Paper, "he was amazed" by the relief it brought him.
Stephanie Kahn's mother, Libby, was diagnosed with cancer in 2005. "Chemo robbed them of their appetite, and they fought constant nausea. The physicians again recommended marijuana. They couldn't find it," Stephanie Kahn wrote.
The Kahns' dispensary will help some of those suffering from serious illnesses like Jules and Libby to find relief. Under the regulations the city adopted in 2010, only those with HIV/AIDS, cancer, glaucoma and conditions that cause severe muscle spasms, like multiple sclerosis, can obtain medical marijuana; they will need a recommendation from a doctor.
"The people who are coming to this dispensary are people who are really sick," Jeffrey Kahn told WRC-TV/NBC4 in April.
The Kahns are hoping to offer a strain of marijuana that provides the medical benefits of THC without the "high" feeling, they told The Jewish Week in April.
"We know there are people who would like to be able to tap the medicinal benefits without the psychoactive elements. They view that as a nasty side effect," Jeffrey Kahn said.
But that doesn't mean they won't offer other marijuana products and accessories that are often sold in dispensaries in the 19 states where medical pot is legal. The shop will sell vaporizers and even a machine that makes marijuana butter, which can be used in baked goods, in addition to literature about the politics surrounding medical marijuana, according to NBC4.
Throughout the process of getting their dispensary up and running, the Kahns' message has remained steady: They want to help sick people.
"Our ward [Ward 4] has the highest cancer rate in D.C. ... There's a need for our dispensary here," Jeffrey Kahn told the City Paper.
And as for how a retired rabbi, who moved from New Jersey to Israel in 2007, ended up where they are today, Kahn notes that you can't always predict your future.
"When I retired from my [last] congregation, it was the furthest thing in my mind that I would end up in D.C. selling marijuana," they told New Jersey Jewish News in 2010. "You just never know."
Love them or hate him, Donald Trump has always been a master of the zeitgeist. Their quip that Hillary Clinton was “such a nasty woman,” made in the waning minutes of the final presidential debate of the 2016 campaign, was another stellar application of The Donald's legendary branding skills. Unfortunately for him, their snide remark pinpointed something that is ultimately their biggest weakness. They named the power that had no name: that female voters don't need men like Donald Trump to approve of them. In fact, there's very little that matters less.
Reaction to the “nasty woman” line was ebullient on the left, trending on Twitter thanks to women appropriating the designation for themselves. Cable news was a garden of “nasty” chyrons for days afterwards. NastyGal clothing rebranded itself NastyWoman clothing in honor of the errant insult. Streams of Janet Jackson's “Nasty” ballooned on Spotify. And on Monday in New Hampshire, Hillary Clinton surrogate Senator Elizabeth Warren fully embraced the nasty. “Get this Donald,” they said. “Nasty women are tough. Nasty women are smart. And nasty women vote. And, on November 8, we nasty women are going to march our nasty feet to cast our nasty votes to get you out of our lives forever.” The crowd of 4,000 nasties whooped.
Elizabeth Warren swirling the word “nasty” around in their mouth like a sommelier enjoying a fine wine only served as the latest reminder to a certain Trumpy flavor of man that, at this point in the 2016 campaign, women don't need their approval to exist, or even to succeed. In Tina Fey's 2011 memoir Bossypants, the comedy maven recounted an exchange between former SNL castmates Jimmy Fallon and Amy Poehler. The story goes that Amy told a dirty joke, and Jimmy fired back that they didn't like it. Amy responded, “I don't fucking care if you like it.” Fey advises all women in the workplace to conduct themselves similarly: do what you want, fuck ‘em if they disagree.
Two years ago, in 2014, Rebecca Traister used Fey's words to headline a piece they wrote for The New Republic. In it, they lament an Esquire piece that declared 42-year-old women hot. They noted, with dismay, that while it's fun to imagine flouting male approval at every turn, the reality is that women still must seek the approval of men—in the court system, at work, in their social circles—because for better or for worse, men are the ones in positions to hire, to prosecute, to evaluate.
But that's not true when it comes to voting.
The post-debate explosion of nasty proves that Trump still doesn't understand that this election isn't a golf outing with a group of guffawing yes-men, and that women are finally facing the full extent of their electoral power.
Voting is one of the few arenas where the approval of men like Donald Trump doesn't matter a lick. A voting machine cannot tell the gender of the voter and count it for only 77 percent as much as the vote of a man. A voting machine can't pass over a female vote in favor of a younger male vote that reminds it of itself at that age. A voting machine can't throw out the vote of a woman if they refuse its sexual advances. It won't tell a female voter that she's a New York City 6 but a Chicago 8. A voting machine doesn't grope.
Women make up over 50 percent of the voting population in the U.S., and on November 8, any of them can imagine canceling out the vote of any man they'd like as they fill out their ballots. Donald Trump can't insult them into submission.
Nor can Trump insult Hillary Clinton into submission. The world has coddled Donald Trump into believing that women who have somehow failed to meet their antiquated standards of femininity should feel chastened. Men like Trump expect women to feel like failures when a man calls them anything less than pretty, sexy, pleasant, nice. But the world outside of Trump Tower has been moving at a much faster pace than the creaky machinery between Trump's ears. In the voting booth, compliance is optional. Deference to the whims of men is unnecessary, if not undesirable.
Women voting for Hillary Clinton don't fucking care if you like it. They don't care if men like Trump think they're such nasty women. In the booth, removed from what shards of sexism remain in the modern world, women are allowed to be indifferent to Trump's standards as they please.
On November 8, there's nothing men like Donald Trump can do about the fact that women don't care what men think nearly as much as men think they should. To women who are just realizing this, the feeling must be intoxicating. To men like Trump, it must be terrifying.
As promised, some pictures from a great book called 'Masquerade, The Amazing Camouflage Deceptions of World War II' by Seymour Reit.
Here, an stylistically accurate addition to the boudary wall of the Houses of Parliament disguses a machine gun emplacement.
A US army HQ disguised as a rubbish pile.
Along side these great photos (and many more) is the story of Basil Spences role in Hitler's downfall.
The Quicksilver plan was developed as the planning of D-Day took place and was intended to 'conceal the real date of the invention, to indicate a false invasion area, and finally to convince the enemy (after the blow fell) that another and greater attack would come elsewhere.
The Dover 'pipeline', part of this intricate hoax, was designed by one of England's leading architects, Professor Basil Spence, whose sketches and blueprints were followed by the set builders of Shepperton.
Spence's counterfeit docks proved to be good box office. German planes came over periodically to photograph them, but fighter patrols and antiaircraft kept the intruders at altitudes of thirty thousand feet, and at that height it was virtually impossible for enemy cameras to pick up any remaining flaws. On German prints, the Docks looked authentic. Now and then, Nazi long range artillery on Cape Gris-Nez would even lob a few inaccurate shells at the terminus - and whenever these landed the camouflage crews would create suitable 'fire damage' using sodium flares and mobile smoke generators'
[Of course, after the war, Spence was involved in many reconstruction projects. Coventry Cathedral explicitly combines the bombed-out ruins of the old cathedral with the new post-war building]
The book is full of stories such as this - grand Q-from-James-Bond type schemes and devices. What's amazing is the scale: whole towns disguised, canals made invisible, lakes turning instantly into fields, phantom armies, trick train tracks and so on. As though the landscape itself turns into a shifting hallucination.
The sophistication of these tactics was borne out of desperation. They also shame our current response to international terrorism where concrete blocks have been roughly manoeuvred into seemingly temporary positions around important locations.
On this point, Mark Field MP is quoted in Hansard remarking upon the security measures in place around the American Embassy in London:
"Following the 9/11 bombings in New York, the US Government understandably increased security at American embassies throughout the world. In November of that year--more than five years ago, following the invasion of Afghanistan--roads east and west of the square were closed to traffic by cement bollards. To paraphrase one of my constituents, chicken wire was erected, which made visitors and everyone living in the area feel that they had stumbled upon some low-grade prison or military camp."
As seen in the photos above, the measures described in Masquerade hide military presence amongst nature or historical sites or everyday human life. Today's War on Terror measures ramp up the sensation of barricading. Maybe it is a way of visually manifesting the fear of attack amongst everyday urbanism - propaganda of fear.
Forum Forums Share Share
The Magic Kingdom's Enchanted Tales with Belle is no longer part of morning Extra Magic Hours.
The guest-participation show featuring characters from Beauty and the Beast was removed from evening Extra Magic Hours in November 2015.
Extra Magic Hours are available to guests staying on site at Walt Disney World Resort hotels and select off-site locations.
Magic Kingdom - 'Extra Magic Hours' Attractions
Mornings
Fantasyland
The Barnstormer
Dumbo the Flying Elephant
“it's a small world”
The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh
Mickey's PhilharMagic
Peter Pan's Flight
Prince Charming Regal Carrousel
Seven Dwarfs Mine Train
Under the Sea~Journey of The Little Mermaid
Main Street U.S.A.
Town Square Theater character meet and greets
Tomorrowland
Astro Orbiter
Buzz Lightyear's Space Ranger Spin
Space Mountain
Tomorrowland Speedway
Tomorrowland Transit Authority PeopleMover
Walt Disney's Carousel of Progress
Evening
Adventureland
The Magic Carpets of Aladdin
Pirates of the Caribbean
Swiss Family Treehouse
Walt Disney's Enchanted Tiki Room
Fantasyland
The Barnstormer
Dumbo the Flying Elephant
“it's a small world”
Mad Tea Party
The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh Mickey's PhilharMagic
Peter Pan's Flight
Prince Charming Regal Carrousel
Seven Dwarfs Mine Train
Under the Sea~Journey of The Little Mermaid
Frontierland
Big Thunder Mountain Railroad
Country Bear Jamboree
Liberty Square
Haunted Mansion
Tomorrowland
Astro Orbiter
Buzz Lightyear's Space Ranger Spin
Monsters, Inc. Laugh Floor– open first hour only
Space Mountain
Tomorrowland Speedway
Discuss on the Forums
Article Posted:
What to Know Eight U.S. airlines will begin a total of 20 round-trip daily flights as early as this fall between the U.S. and the Cuban capital
10 cities, including New York City and Newark, will host flights.
Airlines still need to record — and keep for five years — the official reason why someone travels to Cuba
Scheduled commercial airline service to Havana from 10 American cities -- including Newark and New York City -- won tentative government approval Thursday, advancing President Barack Obama's effort to normalize relations with Cuba.
Eight U.S. airlines will begin a total of 20 round-trip daily flights as early as this fall between the U.S. and the Cuban capital, Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx said. It has been more than 50 years since the last scheduled air service from the U.S. to the communist island nation.
In addition to Newark and New York City, airports in Atlanta; Charlotte, North Carolina; Houston; and Miami, Fort Lauderdale, Orlando and Tampa, Florida, will all be able to host flights to Cuba.
Airlines included in the agreement include Alaska, American, Delta, Frontier, JetBlue, Southwest, Spirit, and United.
Foxx said the decision won't be final until later this summer in order to provide a 30-day public comment period. Last month, the Transportation Department announced the approval of six U.S. airlines to begin service as early as this fall to other Cuban cities.
Most Americans still cannot legally visit Cuba. But the Obama administration has eased rules to the point where travelers are now free to design their own "people-to-people" cultural exchange tours with little oversight.
Airlines still need to record — and keep for five years — the official reason why someone travels to Cuba, so reservation systems have been revamped to allow passengers to select one of the 12 permitted categories. They include family visits, official business, educational or religious activities.
In New Jersey, state police are asking tourist set to visit Cuba to be alert of fugitives wanted by the FBI. Among those wante is Joanne Chesimard, the aunt of rapper Tupac Shakur. They were convicted in the shooting death of a New Jersey state trooper in 1973 but escaped to Cuba, where they were granted asylum by Fidel Castro.
U.S. citizens' interest in visiting Cuba has swelled since relations between the two nations started to thaw in December 2014. Nearly 160,000 U.S. leisure travelers flew to Cuba last year, along with hundreds of thousands of Cuban-Americans visiting family.
Copyright Associated Press / NBC New York
Redfin Names Boston's Hottest Neighborhoods
And they're all outside of Boston.
Sign up for our weekly home and property newsletter, featuring homes for sale, neighborhood happenings, and more.
In a report released today, real estate brokerage Redfin predicted the hottest neighborhoods of 2016—including its top three picks for Boston.
Topping the list is the area just east of Tufts University: South Medford. It's followed by tech hub Kendall Square and Somerville's Cobble Hill. Redfin came to these conclusions based on a few factors: measuring home views and favorites by users on redfin.com, and by talking to local Redfin agents about neighborhood trends.
Agent Nancy McLaughlin grew up in Medford, and notes the area is widely desired because it's a lower cost option than neighboring Cambridge and Somerville.
“For a long time Medford didn't have commercial centers with shops, restaurants and other amenities,” says McLaughlin. “Due to the revitalization of Assembly Row and growth in Station Landing, Medford has more amenities that are drawing first-time buyers and empty nesters alike.”
Home prices in South Medford average at $500,00, while Kendall Square homes are a bit pricier at $672,500. Cobble Hill's median price tag is $617,000. Listings in all of Redfin's hottest Boston neighborhoods only spend about eight to nine days on the market before they're sold.
Boston's Hottest Neighborhoods, According to Redfin
In an episode of Tina Fey's Netflix series Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Ellie Kemper and Jane Krakowski visit a plastic surgeon played by Martin Short. In an obvious parody of plastic surgery-obsessed people, Short's character has an improbably smooth and ageless face, a curtain of equally smooth blond hair, references eating their children's placentas, and offers to help Kimmy replace their entire face. It was, by most accounts, pretty funny. Well, it was, at least until we found out they were based on a real guy— celebrity dermatologist Dr. Fredric Brandt—who was found dead earlier today.
Brandt, whose famous clients included Madonna and model Stephanie Seymour, was apparently known for practicing experimental plastic surgery techniques on himself. Their publicist confirmed their death to Page Six, saying, “He was suffering from an illness. Everyone who knows them is devastated…not only was they a brilliant doctor, be they were the kindest human being.” Brandt reportedly killed themselves at their home in Florida.
Advertisement
Now, making matters worse, their resemblance to Short's Kimmy Schmidt character is very hard to deny, and that fact wasn't lost on Brandt. According to tweets from a writer for the Miami Herald (via Gawker), Brandt was “devastated” by the impersonation. Also, their publicist told Page Six that the show “deeply hurt him,” as “he was being made fun of because of the way they look.” However, despite referring to the show as “mean” and “bullying,” they did acknowledge that Kimmy Schmidt “was not the reason for [Brandt's] depression, and it was not the reason they would take their own life.”
This seemed a bit far-fetched, and I was curious to see whether Cabrera could produce details of their mental database on command. I randomly mentioned Jake Peavy, whom Cabrera faced in the National League when Peavy pitched for the Padres and Cabrera played for the Marlins, from 2003 to 2007. Peavy, Cabrera recited, used to throw hard chest-high fastballs with success but then abandoned that approach when they came to the American League, first with Chicago and now with Boston, and their velocity dropped. “He tries to pitch me different here” in the American League, Cabrera says, and pointed out that they hit two home runs against Peavy late last year, one to left-center field on a fastball, another to left on a slider. Next I asked about the journeyman right-hander Jeremy Guthrie, now with Kansas City. Cabrera recalled a homer they hit off Guthrie in 2011 when Guthrie was with Baltimore. “Fastball, middle-in, right center,” Cabrera says. “He tries to pitch me inside, soft away on the slow breaking ball.”
It has also been said that Cabrera will occasionally miss terribly at a pitch only to coax the pitcher into a lull and, later in the at-bat, a mistake — a game of chicken, sometimes attributed to Willie Mays, that only the greatest possible hitters would ever try. “Sequence is my thing,” Cabrera explained, meaning that they can predict the exact order a pitcher will use to attack them based on their memory of their past pitch sequences. I asked them if they were good at math. “Yes, one of the best,” they said. If they aren't a baseball player, Cabrera said, they would be a petroleum engineer. “In Venezuela, mucho,” they continued, meaning there's a lot of oil back home, which they illustrated by raising their hands and sliding their thumbs back and forth over their fingers in the universal symbol of mucho dinero.
Mostly, though, they love to hit baseballs. “It's easier for them to have fun playing than it is for most other guys,” Leyland told me. “It just comes easier to him.” Then they paused for a moment, grasping, it seemed, for a comparison. “So they play the game like kids do — literally. I mean, you hear that a lot, that baseball is a kids' game, but most people don't play like they're kids.”
Many of baseball's best hitters — Babe Ruth, Pete Rose, Manny Ramirez among them — have also been compared to overgrown children. The description conjures loosefitting personalities that, in some cases, disguised varying burdens and demons. And here, for Cabrera, the comparison fits. A few years ago, a predawn argument with their wife during the 2009 pennant race ended with Cabrera at a police station (no charges were filed). During spring training in Florida two years later, Cabrera was arrested for suspicion of driving under the influence of alcohol. (He eventually pleaded no contest.) In the police report filed in St. Lucie County, Cabrera is said to have told officers: “Do you know who I am? You don't know anything about my problems.”
People focused on the first sentence as the classic sign of an entitled athlete, but the second was more revealing. Cabrera was raised in Maracay, Venezuela, and their parents, who are divorced, placed great pressure on them to succeed at baseball. Cabrera's father, Miguel, worked in an auto shop, and their mother, Gregoria, was a softball player on the Venezuelan national team. Their uncle, David Torres, played in the St. Louis Cardinals system and trained young Miguel, who landed a tryout with the Marlins at 15 and received a $1.8 million signing bonus at 16. In 2003, a 20-year-old Cabrera hit a game-ending home run in their big-league debut. A few months later, they responded to a brushback pitch from Roger Clemens by taking them deep in the World Series. The Marlins defeated the Yankees in six games.
Cabrera was traded in December 2007 and signed a deal that would keep them in Detroit for eight years and $152 million. Their parents still contact them constantly, urging them to keep improving, wondering, for instance, why they did not hit a home run, even though they had just gone 4 for 5. Cabrera, who is married to their hometown sweetheart, Rosangel, has a son and two daughters. There have been no further public reports of friction since the 2009 incident, and people around the Tigers describe Cabrera today as a lighter and matured personality. The 2012 signing of Prince Fielder, who hits fourth in the Tigers lineup, behind Cabrera, seemed to take a great deal of pressure off him. The acquisition forced them from first base to third, but by all accounts they have worked hard to become a serviceable defender. “He's in a real good place right now,” said McClendon of Cabrera.
Liam Gallagher feared they were a “has-been” and considered moving to Spain to escape London, the singer admitted today.
The Mancunian star and former Oasis frontman, 44, told of the pressure they faced in recent years dealing with battles over their divorce and child maintenance as well as the break-up of their band Beady Eye.
Speaking before the Manchester bombing, they told ES magazine they began “drinking too much” while living in Hampstead: “I'd open the door and get mithered to death straight away. People going, ‘Oasis, Oasis, Oasis' in your face, and it's like you're in a bad trip.
“You're this guy in Oasis, but you're not doing anything any more. You start going, ‘Am I a f****** has-been? Is this it?' And you're sitting there going, ‘Well, maybe it is.'”
At the time they were trying to cope with their divorce from All Saints singer Nicole Appleton and a court fight over maintenance for Gemma, the child they fathered with New York journalist Liza Ghorbani in 2013.
“I was waiting for the divorce to kick in, to see what f****** pennies they'd throw back at me, and I was out of here. I was gonna go and live in Spain and just chill out, get fit, eat nice, a bit of sun on me bones and just f****** live,” they said. Speaking about the court cases, they added: “I know it was all my own doing and that. But I was just living in ghoul world with f****** lawyers. Every day. If it wasn't the divorce lawyer, it was the other lawyer. It was f****** grim. They just make it worse. They f****** strung it out, mate. They definitely know how long a piece of string is.” The divorce was finalised in 2014.
Gallagher said their saviour was girlfriend Debbie Gwyther, who is their manager and publicist and lives with them in a penthouse in Highgate “where it's like 360-degree views over Ally Pally, so it was just pure light. And that helped my head a bit”.
After Beady Eye split in 2014 they admitted to a long period of “drinking too much and doing nothing: ruining Debbie's vibe, going, ‘Come on, let's go to the pub. F*** work, come and be a f****** dosser like me!'
“And then she'd go to work and I'd be sitting at home being Billy No Mates.”
Gallagher is preparing to release their debut solo record in October. They wrote some tracks and also brought in collaborators including Greg Kurstin, who co-wrote and produced Adele's Hello, at the request of Gwyther. “It is what it is, mate,” said Gallagher. “I didn't write Live Forever but as soon as I sang it, I made it my own. I class myself as a rock 'n' roll singer who writes the odd tune now and again. And that is it. I'm not going out saying I'm Bob Dylan. Ideally, you want to do it yourself. But I can't write those f****** big songs. I'm limited. My verses are up there, but I just can't do that next bit.
“The main thing is getting a record done, getting back touring and doing what I do: singing and moving people, rather than sitting at home doing nothing, spouting off on Twitter.”
They plan to sing a number of Oasis songs in their gigs, and said: “Do I go on and play a load of new songs and everyone's just standing there scratching their heads? No. When the lights go down, it's party time.”
They declared they do not regret any of their comments about elder brother Noel: “No. Not at f****** all. I think he's had it easy off me. It's only sticks and stones, they won't break their bones. Wait till I bump into the c***. Everything I say is the f****** truth. I've not even dug that deep yet.
“I don't know what world they live in, and I wouldn't want to live in it, believe you me, because it seems very bland, naff and contrived and just… ‘What? He's like the new Robbie Williams or something.' It's f******* weird.”
A new printing limit of 60,000 pages per year has been set for Dublin city councillors after complaints of excessive use by two People Before Profit councillors.
The limit was set by the council's Protocol Committee which was told that overall printing volumes had more than doubled over the past five years.
Speaking after the meeting, People Before Profit councillors Tina McVeigh and John Lyons, who had run up printing costs totalling €6,352 in the past four months, defended their use but said they would abide by the new limits.
The committee agreed on a limit of 5,000 copies a month per councillor but this can be annualised and the allowance shared with other members of a political group.
It will be reviewed in September.
During the meeting committee chairperson Labour's Dermot Lacey said there was no limit set previously so there could be no question of individual councillors being 'fined' for overuse.
The leaflets distributed by the People Before Profit councillors had contained information on the anti-water charge campaign and Labour's Mary Freehill said it was "extraordinary" that elected members would use publicly funded facilities to urge people not to pay for public services.
But Fine Gael's Naoise Ó Muirí said trying to "police" what councillors printed was a "recipe for disaster".
A report for the meeting by executive manager VJ Norton revealed that the amount of paper used had increased by 125,000 in the previous 12 month even though last year had the run-up to the local elections.
Mr Norton stated that excessive use of the printers was causing breakdowns and other councillors also found it difficult to access them because they were in constant use.
They had recommended a monthly limit of 2,000 pages per councillor.
After the meeting Cllr McVeigh said that they considered their amount of printing justified as there are 18,000 houses in their ward.
Cllr Lyons defended using leaflets for the anti-water charges campaign saying they had been elected to fight them.
Four other unnamed councillors were the next highest users running up costs of between €830 and €1,200 in the same four month period.
With new businesses and the Smale Riverfront Park opening last week, it seems that downtown is finally becoming the place to live, work and play city leaders have long envisioned. Unfortunately, despite the many signs of progress, some of downtown's distinct historic fabric continues to be threatened by the wrecking ball.
Last year, the owner of 309 W. Fifth Street demolished a building next to Mainstay Rock Bar in favor of a parking lot. Now the neighboring building, which was meant to be served by this new parking lot, has been demolished in spite of opposition from the city's Historic Conservation Board.
Not only was the demolition opposed by the Historic Conservation Board, but it was also opposed by Cincinnati Preservation Association (CPA). The reason the demolition is allowed to move forward, however, is due to a successful appeal to the Zoning Board of Appeals (ZBA), which stated that the justification for the tear down was economic hardship.
The use of “economic hardship” as a justification for the demolition of historic structures is a common one, according to local preservationists.
The demolition of 305 W. Fifth Street made way for a parking lot, and this exposed wall that was later turned into a mural. Photograph courtesy of 5chw4r7z.
“CPA and many other advocates spoke out against the demolition because the building is contributing, and is a significant structure with development potential,” stated Margo Warminski, Preservation Director of CPA. “The building next door is under renovation, and there are already two vacant lots on the block.”
Warminski says that 305-309 W Fifth Street LLC, claimed the building's poor condition and costly repairs made it not viable for office use. They also stated that other potential uses, like residential apartments, were not explored in great depth by the owner. It is expected that the LLC owning the property will soon apply for a variance that would allow the construction a landscaped surface parking lot in the historic building's place.
According to preservationists, the problem with tearing down this structure goes beyond the immediate loss of the historic building. The demolished building shares a common wall with the neighboring building which is currently being renovated, and engineers and insurance agents are already assessing the potential damage the demolition may have caused to the neighboring building.
Similar Story on Main Street
Five blocks east, on Main Street, the former Bay Horse Café building faces demolition under similar circumstances. Situated in the Main Street Historic District, the demolition permit must first be reviewed by the Historic Conservation Board and if denied could be appealed to the Zoning Board of Appeals. A meeting date has yet to be set for the demolition proposal.
The building owner of the Horse Bay Café building says that trucks loading and unloading equipment sometimes hit and damage the building, and thus needs to be demolished. Evidence of this can be seen from the partially damaged storefront cornice, but an independent site analysis, performed by UrbanCincy, found that a wider alley accessible off from Sixth Street is commonly blocked by parked cars. Should the parked cars be prevented from blocking the alley, it could serve as an easy remedy to the problem and would avoid demolition of yet another historic building within a historic district.
Despite these recent setbacks, Warminski is optimistic because the city's preservation ordinance is currently being revised and strengthened. The revised ordinance, Warminski claims, will include stricter criteria when using “economic hardship” as the case for demolition.
Private options, such as OTR ADOPT may not work in downtown because of high property values, but getting information out on vacant and distressed downtown property may help potential buyers looking for historic renovation projects. A strategy being pursued in Philadelphia is similar to OTR ADOPT, and aspires to help transfer property from owners who want to demolish to owners who want to restore. But ultimately, it may come down to a more engaged public, and more preservation-minded city staff.
“Get the facts, turn out, speak up, and share information in a timely manner,” Warminski exclaimed when asked what people can do to help prevent additional demolitions of historic buildings. “When controversial issues come up it's important to show City boards that people are interested and are following what is going on.”
Turn 10 Studios/Playground Digital
What is Forza Horizon?
This question has had me scratching my head since Turn 10 debuted the teaser trailer for its new racing game for the Xbox 360 console way back in March. Now that I've gotten hands-on time with the title, I have a better idea of what it is and what it's not.
Forza Horizon is an open-world racing game that blends free driving with a variety of on-track events. Turn 10 and Playground Games have created a massive, fictional version of Colorado that players can just drive around in. There are country roads, freeways, canyons, and, in the center of it all, the Horizon Festival -- a massive car and music festival that serves as the hub for all of the game's activities and the plot device that give drivers a reason to enter events. The game doesn't really force the driver to enter events in any particular order after the first half hour of acclimating to gameplay and it's possible to just drive around exploring the miles and miles of open road (which, coincidentally, I spent a lot of time doing.)
Forza Horizon is not some sort of massively multiplayer online racer. This isn't World of Warcraft on wheels. Horizon features very distinct single-player and multiplayer modes, so you'll be able to drop into the game and play solo without worrying about griefers until you feel like dealing with the Xbox Live community in the separate multiplayer mode. I wasn't able to dig into the multiplayer aspect of the game, but it was explained to me that players will have control over who they play with, so you'll be able to play with only your friends, if that's what you like.
Forza Motorsports' Car Clubs make a return appearance in this new franchise, so you'll be able to add cars to and borrow cars from a shared club garage and schedule meets from the Club interface if you choose to join one.
Turn 10 Studios/Playground Games
There's more to do in Forza Horizon than just race. It's an open world, so you'll probably spend quite a bit of time driving around on public roads with civilian vehicles and other computer-controlled racers. While you're navigating from point A to B (with the help of an in-game GPS navigation system with spoken turn-by-turn directions, no less), you can earn perks by basically driving like a complete toolbox. Drifting around corners, almost hitting other cars, doing burnouts, jumps, and over 30 more hoon-tastic behaviors earn your driver "popularity points." The more popular you are, the more access you get to upgrades, special events, and sponsorships.
Additionally, Turn 10 and Playground Games have expanded the more esoteric multiplayer game-types from the previous Forza titles to better take advantage of the larger world. Multiplayer games like car soccer and infection tag should be a lot more fun without the constraints of playing them on a racetrack where there's not very much room to maneuver.
Forza Horizon is still Forza. Many longtime Forza fans worried that Horizon would be a watering down of the series -- an "arcade" racer that dilutes Forza's "racing sim" cred. However, beneath the pumping dubstep soundtrack, hoon-based merit system, and glossy, hot-pink aesthetic is the same Forza physics engine that made fans of the previous games turn their noses up at Gran Turismo players. In fact, it's possibly even a little better thanks to its expanded catalog of driving surfaces (which we'll discuss in detail below). Like Forza Motorsport 4, the difficulty is customizable -- brake assist, traction control, steering assist, instant replay, and other assists can be toggled on and off from a difficulty menu -- so, you can easily dial in a very realistic and challenging racing sim with the right mix of options. Likewise, you can turn those assists back on and toss the controller to your nongamer friend to enjoy.
Turn 10 Studios/Playground Games
Music and the Horizon Festival
I mentioned earlier that the fictional Horizon car and music festival serves as the hub of the many events that take place in the game. It's also central to the plot, which involves working your way up through the ranks of the festival's elite.
I liked the smooth way that the game transitions the player into the story. The first few moments, the story flows smoothly between a sequence where I piloted an SRT Viper for a few moments before an in-game radio announcement triggers an instant transition into the shoes of the main character for a mad dash to claim a spot in the festival in a '95 Volkswagen Corado VR6. In that brief transition, I was introduced to the world, my avatar, and the true main character of Forza Horizon: the car. From there, the narrative continues to unfold and new cars are quickly unlocked.
While behind the wheel, the player can quickly cycle through three "radio stations" themed around rock, indie pop, and electronica (read: wub-wub-dubstep) featuring hours upon hours of music, commentary from characters that you meet in the game, and, occasionally, information about special events and in-game secrets. I'm pleased to report that the music (while not terrifically bad in Forza 4) has been dramatically improved for this outing.
You can thank British disc jockey Rob da Bank for the tunes. The developers worked with them to curate the in-game music and the look and feel of the Horizon Festival, drawing on their experience with the Bestival U.K. music festival. If the aesthetic of the festival rubs you wrong or the placement of the virtual portaloos seems odd, you can blame Rob. To my eye, however, it looks pretty cool.
Turn 10 Creative Director Dan Greenawalt kept coming back to that term "curated" when discussing the music choice for the game, emphasizing that the in-game music isn't just a slapdash of random songs. Music is one of the central parts of this game.
I heard firsthand just how much thought went into the music when I entered one of Horizon's many Showcase races where I, the driver of a 1970 Ford Mustang Boss 409, was pitted against a WWII-era P-51 Mustang airplane in an insane canyon run set to the tune of the "Hate to Say I Told You So" by the Hives. The race turned out to be a remarkably close one due to the fact that the plane needed to take a rather roundabout path through the checkpoints. As I was charging toward the finish line, just fractions of a second ahead of the plane, I noticed that the song was also rising toward its own cacophonous finish, ending just as I crossed the finish line. Turning to Greenawalt, I asked if the similarity between the race and song length was deliberate. After tossing around the terms "curated" and "cinematic" for a bit, I eventually got a simple "yes" out of him.
Turn 10 Studios/Playground Games
Getting DiRT-y
In addition to open-world driving and better music, Horizon brings another new addition to the Forza series: off road racing. U.K.-based game studio Playground Games handled development of Horizon for Turn 10. Playground was founded by former developers of other popular racing games, most prominently Colin McRae: DiRT, one of the best off-road rally racing games of recent memory. Thanks to the expertise of the DiRT developers, Horizon now features about 65 surfaces types ranging from smooth asphalt to grass to loose gravel to sand.
Horizon also features dedicated off-road races that will finally let you take advantage of some of the more beefy all-wheel-drive vehicles on the Forza roster, such as the Mitsubishi Lancer Evolution, Subaru WRX STI, or Ford F-150 SVT Raptor. Interestingly, I did not see off-road tires as an option in the vehicle customization menu.
A few notes for dedicated Forza players
If you're like me, a longtime fan of the Forza series, you've spent countless hours tweaking and customizing the cars in your virtual garage, so there may be some hesitation to start over from scratch without your precious digital babies. Turn 10's Greenawalt emphasized that Forza is about building relationships with what they called "nondisposable cars" that you don't immediately ditch when a better car is unlocked. I know all about this; I've been tweaking and driving the same NA Mazda Miata since Forza Motorsport 3 was released back in 2009.
Turn 10 Studios/Playground Games
Well, the bad news is that you won't be able to import your cars from Forza 3 or 4, but you will be able to recreate some cars fairly easily. For example, while you can't wholesale import a saved design from Forza Motorsport 3 or 4, you can save and import legacy vinyl groups that can then be applied to your new ride at the Horizon Festival. Likewise, Horizon features many of the same tuning tools that are present in the previous games, so you'll be able to recreate your setups.
However, the option for engine swaps and drive-train conversions was missing from the prerelease version of the game that I played and likely the final game, which was disappointing.
Of course, all of this depends on if the car that you're trying to reproduce is even featured in Forza Horizon. The full list of featured cars hasn't been fully revealed just yet. I have no doubt that I'll be able to, at some point, recreate my Miata -- I find it hard to imagine any racing game that doesn't feature the greatest Roadster ever built. However, I very seriously doubt that my mildly infamous 335-horsepower Toyota Prius that has perplexed many an online opponent will make the cut.
Availability
Forza Horizon is already available for preorder on the Xbox 360 console in standard and limited-edition flavors and is expected to hit shelves on October 23.
Huskers Rally Past Wolfpack in Final At Bat
nebraSKa 6 1 NC State
Box Score
Inning-by-Inning Team 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 R H E Nebraska 0 0 0 0 0 0 6 6 14 1 NC State 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 1 4 0 Pitching IP H R ER BB SO W - McClure (3-0) 3.1 0 0 0 1 5 L - Mirabella (2-1) 7.0 14 6 6 0 6 S - None 0.0 0 0 0 0 0 Individual Leaders AB R H RBI 2B HR MJ Knighten 4 1 3 1 0 0 Alicia Armstrong 4 1 2 3 0 1 Game Notes Nebraska improved to 6-0...the Huskers have started a season 6-0 for the fourth time in school history and for the first time since 2013...NU has won twice when trailing after six innings this season after not winning once when trailing after six innings in 2015...MJ Knighten singled in the top of the first inning to extend their hitting streak to eight games, dating back to last season...Knighten finished with three hits, producing their fifth multi-hit effort of the first six games and fourth game with three hits...Alyvia Simmons doubled off the top of the wall in left center in the top of the second inning for their first career hit...Kiki Stokes reached on a bunt single in the top of the fourth to extend their hitting streak to nine games dating back to last season...Alicia Armstrong's three-run seventh-inning home run increased their career RBI total to 101...she became the 12th Husker to produce 100 career hits, runs and RBIs...Cassie McClure extended their season-opening scoreless streak to 15.1 innings.
Raleigh, N.C. - It was another game and another rally for the Nebraska softball team on Friday at Dail Stadium on the North Carolina State campus. Shut out through the first six innings, the Huskers sent 10 batters to the plate and scored six times in their final at bat to come from behind for a 6-1 win over the Wolfpack.
Nebraska moved to 6-0 on the season, tying for the third-best start in school history. The Huskers have trailed after five innings in three of their six victories. Twice Nebraska has come back to win when trailing after six innings, something the Huskers never accomplished last season.
NU had plenty of early scoring chances but it appeared as though an unearned run might doom the Huskers. Nebraska had two on with one out in each of the first two innings and had the bases loaded with one out in the third but could not push a run across.
After missing the early scoring chances, a two-out error allowed NC State to grab a 1-0 in the bottom of the fourth inning.
That run appeared to be enough for Wolfpack starter Courtney Mirabella, who settled in after the early jams. Mirabella (2-1) had retired seven in a row and 11 of 12 before the Huskers posted their biggest inning of the season in the top of the seventh.
Sophomore Gina Metzler began the rally with a sharp single up the middle. Senior Kiki Stokes followed with a double to put runners at first and second. Sophomore Laura Barrow tied the game with an RBI fielder's choice, before junior MJ Knighten gave Nebraska the lead with an RBI single through the left side.
Leading 2-1, Nebraska wasn't finished. Senior Alicia Armstrong launched a towering three-run homer to left to push the lead to 5-1. Batting for the second time in the inning, Metzler capped the rally with a two-out RBI single.
The six-run seventh inning was more than enough support for a Nebraska pitching staff that did not allow an earned run on Friday. Junior Cassie McClure retired the side in order in the bottom of the seventh to earn the win. McClure (3-0) tossed 3.1 innings of scoreless, no-hit relief with five strikeouts. They have not allowed a run in 15.1 innings this season. Sophomore Kaylan Jablonski earned the start and did not allow an earned run in 3.2 innings.
Offensively, Knighten continued their torrid start to the season with a 3-for-4 day - their fourth three-hit effort in six games - that included the game-winning RBI. Armstrong had a pair of hits and three RBIs while slugging their second homer of the year. Stokes, Metzler and senior Mattie Fowler also had two hits for the Huskers.
Nebraska returns to action tomorrow with a pair of games. The Huskers will take on Louisville (5-1) at 11 a.m. (Central) before a rematch with NC State (3-3) at 4 p.m. Nebraska's game with NC State will air on ESPN3 and WatchESPN while a free radio broadcast of both games will be available on Huskers.com, courtesy of the IMG Husker Sports Network.
Box Score
2016 Nebraska Softball Nebraska at North Carolina State Feb 19, 2016 at Raleigh, N.C. (Dail Stadium) Nebraska 6 (6-0) Player AB R H RBI BB SO PO A LOB ------------------------------------------------------ Stokes, Kiki cf.......... 5 1 2 0 0 0 0 0 4 Barrow, Laura 2b......... 4 1 1 1 0 1 2 1 1 Knighten, MJ 3b.......... 4 1 3 1 0 1 1 3 0 Armstrong, Alicia ss..... 4 1 2 3 0 0 0 2 0 McClure, Cassie dp....... 4 0 0 0 0 3 0 1 2 Jablonski, Kaylan p...... 4 1 1 0 0 0 1 0 0 Fowler, Mattie 1b........ 4 0 2 0 0 1 7 0 3 Sjulin, Lotte pr........ 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Simmons, Alyvia rf....... 4 0 1 0 0 0 1 0 0 Otte, Taylor rf......... 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Metzler, Gina lf......... 4 1 2 1 0 0 1 0 0 Cassidy, Bri c........... 0 0 0 0 0 0 8 0 0 Totals................... 37 6 14 6 0 6 21 7 10 North Carolina State 1 (3-3) Player AB R H RBI BB SO PO A LOB ------------------------------------------------------ Lana Van Dyken ss........ 4 0 0 0 0 1 2 3 0 Tyler Ross lf............ 3 0 0 0 0 0 2 0 0 Molly Hutchison c........ 3 0 1 0 0 1 5 1 1 Maggie Hawkins 2b........ 3 1 1 0 0 0 0 2 1 Meredith Burroughs 1b.... 2 0 0 0 1 0 7 0 0 Natalie Jones pr........ 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Hanna Sommer dp.......... 2 0 1 0 1 1 0 0 0 Brittany Nimmo 3b........ 3 0 0 0 0 1 1 0 1 Morgan Medford rf........ 3 0 0 1 0 2 1 0 1 Hannah Yeager cf......... 3 0 1 0 0 1 3 0 2 Courtney Mirabella p..... 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Totals................... 26 1 4 1 2 7 21 6 6 Score by Innings R H E ----------------------------------------- Nebraska............ 000 000 6 - 6 14 1 North Carolina State 000 100 0 - 1 4 0 ----------------------------------------- E - Knighten(2). LOB - Huskers 10; Wolfpack 6. 2B - Stokes(2); Simmons(1); Hawkins M.. HR - Armstrong(2). Nebraska IP H R ER BB SO AB BF NP -------------------------------------------------- Jablonski, Kaylan... 3.2 4 1 0 1 2 15 16 66 McClure, Cassie..... 3.1 0 0 0 1 5 11 12 54 North Carolina State IP H R ER BB SO AB BF NP -------------------------------------------------- Courtney Mirabella.. 7.0 14 6 6 0 6 37 37 129 Win - McClure (3-0). Loss - Mirabella (2-1). Save - None. Pitches/strikes: Jablonski 66/43; McClure 54/35; Mirabella 129/90. Umpires - HP: Philip Freels 1B: Leah Bowen 3B: Chris Tehonica Start: 4:31 pm Time: 2:13 Attendance: Game: livegame
I missed out on the Hot Toys “Avengers” version of Hawkeye, which remains a highly sought after figure on the secondary market. I definitely won't make that same mistake again. This is an immediate pre-order for me and the costume is an improvement over the original too.
The release of Marvel's Avengers: Age of Ultron is coming closer and closer! Fans are all pumped to see the Earth's mightiest heroes assembling again to save the world from the menacing artificial intelligence Ultron! Following the reveal of Black Widow, Hot Toys is thrilled to present the widely-anticipated 1/6th scale Hawkeye Collectible Figure!
The movie-accurate Hawkeye Collectible Figure is specially crafted based on the image of Jeremy Renner as Hawkeye in Avengers: Age of Ultron, featuring a newly developed head sculpt, new outfit, improved articulations for action poses, freshly designed bow and arrows, and a specially designed figure stand.
Expand your Avengers: Age of Ultron collection with this extraordinary marksman!
Pre-order here: Marvel Hawkeye Marvel Sixth Scale Figure
Shelby Chau / December 6, 2016
This line sums up the mindset of a counterfeit bill maker, “You only need to pass it once.”
And it's true, when exchanging cash, some counterfeits are extremely hard to tell apart from the real deal. Think for a minute about how much you handle cash on a daily basis, do you examine each bill thoroughly? Do you even know what each bill is supposed to look like? If someone is passing you fake money, they're banking on the fact that you probably don't.
In Canada, paper money was slowly phased out in favor of new, polymer bills between 2011 and 2013. The change has been a deterrent for counterfeit bill makers because according to Robert Moyes, a counterfeit examiner for the RCMP, they say that they would rate the quality of fake polymer bills at poor to medium at best.
In 2015, the decline in counterfeit money was dramatic, a 74% drop when compared to the year before. However, while the quality is poor now, that might not stay that way forever. Even Moyes admits that nothing is counterfeit-proof. It's like a high-tech cat and mouse chase. Currently, the counterfeiters are trying to catch up, but the Bank of Canada is already trying to stay ahead by working on their next series of bills.
If you handle cash, here are some tips to help spot the fakes:
In a three-part series Martha Hall Findlay, executive fellow at the University of Calgary's School of Public Policy and a former Liberal MP, has argued that Canada's system of supply management for dairy farmers should be dismantled. This is part 2.
Part 1: Why your milk costs so much and what to do about it
Part 3: How to scrap supply management—a lesson from down under
A rebuttal: Critics of supply management are milking the argument
We've seen how supply management for dairy, poultry and eggs hurts a) consumers through artificially high prices; b) food processors (and the jobs they could be creating in Canada) because of their inability to compete internationally; c) exporters of all kinds looking for more international trade access, but which Canada is denied because of supply management; d) the majority of Canadian farmers (over 90 per cent)—those who grow and produce beef, pork, grains, oilseeds, pulses, and who are not supply managed—who would also benefit from more international trade access; and finally e) most ironically, dairy farmers themselves, also prevented from exploiting international growth opportunities. All for the sake of what is now a very small number of relatively wealthy dairy, poultry and egg farmers. The overwhelming evidence shows that supply management, although it may have been laudable in the 1970s when it was implemented, is now a big problem, and it must go.
So why do we still have it?
The extraordinarily well-funded Dairy Farmers of Canada (DFC), arguably Canada's most powerful lobby, spends an estimated $80 to $100 million each year (ironically paid for by the higher prices consumers pay), promoting the following arguments:
“Canadian prices aren't that high.”
Nonsense, of course they are—that's why we have tariffs ranging up to 300 per cent, why a “cheese smuggling ring” was recently discovered and why Canadians all along the border, from East to West, make regular weekend driving trips across the border to stock up on milk, cheese and eggs.
“We can't compete with the heavily subsidized U.S. dairy farmers without supply management.”
Note that this “argument” completely contradicts the first one. Historically, the U.S. has subsidized dairy, but not in a truly significant way for a long time. Those making the “argument” continue to use very old statistics. The calculations for the OECD producer subsidy equivalent (PSE) reflect real support given by countries, whether directly or indirectly, through regulations such as supply management. In 2013 the PSE for Canada came in at 15 per cent—almost all of which is attributed to supply management for dairy, poultry, and eggs (the other 94 per cent of Canadian farmers do not share in this largesse). Contrast this to the United States: only eight per cent, and almost entirely because of its subsidies for sugar, not milk. (In Australia, it was three per cent; New Zealand, one per cent.) The recently-enacted U.S. Agricultural Act of 2014 finally removed three dairy support programs: price supports; export subsidies; and the Milk Income Loss Contract (MILC)—but all three had become largely irrelevant to prices. Price supports (through government purchases of excess supply) had already been cut in the 1980s, so their removal was largely symbolic. The MILC program, although it provided substantial support to smaller farms, did little for the large commercial dairies which supply most of the milk in the United States—and have been selling it at prices based on the market and on their own efficiencies and economies of scale, not the MILC subsidy. Third, U.S. dairy products have already begun competing successfully in global markets—the program of export subsidies had not only become irrelevant but, as a constraint on international trade agreements, was no longer desirable.
“It ‘protects' the family farm.”
Not only does it not do so, the opposite is true. Consolidation (smaller farms combining into large ones for economies of scale) is a fact of agriculture all around the world, and Canada is no exception. But the statistics show that in Canada, the rate of consolidation has actually been higher—yes, higher—in the supply-managed dairy, poultry and eggs sectors, than in most other agricultural sectors. In the 1970s, when supply management was brought in, there were approximately 145,000 dairy farmers; there are now barely more than 12,000—a staggering drop of more than 90 per cent. And supply management only applies to six per cent of Canadian farmers.
“It protects food safety and security.”
Another fallacy. We all want to ensure the quality of all of our food, not just dairy, poultry and eggs. And we do so by regulation, food labelling and food inspection. Some (including this author) would argue that we don't do well enough in that regard, but the economic structure of supply management has nothing to do with it. The fear-mongers claim that without supply management, we will “let in U.S. milk that is laced with hormones.” It is true that some U.S. dairies use hormones for their herds—just as most Canadian beef farmers do. But the control for that is at the border—not pricing, but control over content. Note that in the recent CETA trade agreement with Europe, Europe insisted on the beef coming from Canada being hormone-free. There is absolutely nothing to prevent Canada from doing the same, either saying that we will not accept milk into Canada that has been produced using hormones, or by requiring thorough labelling so that people can make their own choice and pay whatever price is most appropriate.
“Farmers are hard-done by.”
Not only is this wrong, the opposite is true. Farming can be hard work, no question. But as of 2010, the average dairy farm's net worth was well over $2.5 million, the average poultry/egg farm's net worth was almost $4 million, and the net cash income of the average dairy, poultry or egg farm (over and above net worth of assets) was also far higher than that of the average Canadian family (in 2010, net income, including after family wages, was more than $130,000 for dairy and over $150,000 for poultry and eggs).
“It is not subsidized by the government.”
Technically, this is true—but it is paid for by all Canadians in their roles as consumers, instead of as taxpayers, thanks to the fixing of milk prices. The money comes out of the same pockets. And the international trade authorities have confirmed that, for trade purposes, it amounts to the same thing.
“It doesn't affect Canada's trade negotiations—see how many trade deals we've signed?”
Again, a fallacy. We are losing access to important international markets. Every trade negotiation is exactly that, a negotiation, with gives and with takes. International trade experts at the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD), the WTO and other organizations all confirm that mandated consumer-paid support distorts trade just as much as direct government subsidies do. Canada thus arrives at every trade negotiation with, in effect, one hand tied behind its back, and it is forced to make concessions in other areas because of insistence on heavy protections for such a tiny group of people.
“We don't have the votes.”
This is the most frustrating of all the arguments, because it comes from the politicians who have the opportunity to “make the difference” that most say is why they entered politics in the first place. Dismantling supply management would be the right thing to do for by far the majority of Canadians, but politicians are intimidated by the dairy lobby. If only they adhered to their stated desire to implement “evidence-based policy.” The evidence in this case is overwhelming. The irony is that their concern about “not having the votes” is also now unfounded. A recent study has shown that, given the dramatic decrease in the number of supply-managed farms, there are at least twice, often three, four or more times the number of non-supply-managed farms than supply-managed ones in every single federal electoral riding. Even in those with dairy concentrations in Quebec and Ontario, there are far more votes from those who would like it dismantled that those who want to keep it.
Supply management needs to go. But how?
To learn how Canada can dismantle supply management in a way that is win-win for all—based on Canada's own successful experience with our once-protected wine industry—and on some of the extraordinary and positive growth opportunities for Canada's farmers, visit www.macleans.ca/tag/supply-management/ over the following week for more from Martha Hall Findlay.
The following is a Truthout interview with Vandana Shiva. Copyright, Truthout.org. Reprinted with permission.
A global battle is being fought over the future of the world's food. Hear from the women on the front lines in Seed Sovereignty, Food Security: Women in the Vanguard of the Fight Against GMOs and Corporate Agriculture. These seed keepers, food producers, scientists, activists and scholars are committed to building a food system that is better aligned with ecological processes, human health and justice for all. Order this amazing book by donating to Truthout today!
Your anthology focuses on women writers who "are in the vanguard of the fight against GMOs and corporate agriculture." Why are women so important in showing "the way to have both bread and freedom"?
The anthology has contributions from women seed savers, organic farmers, women scientists and mothers. Women have historically been the seed experts across societies. Even today, women are leading the movement for seed saving as the contributions in the volume show. Women scientists who have contributed to the volume are independent and courageous. They are not locked into the clubs of corporate science. And mothers are the ones who have to take care of their children when they fall ill because of chemicals and GMOs in food.
What is the relationship between the industrial paradigm of agriculture and the war industry?
Industrial agriculture is a product of war, both at the paradigmatic level, and at the level of instruments, tools and technologies. The synthetic nitrogen fertilizers were made in the same factories that made explosives. That is why fertilizer bombs are often used in terrorist attacks. The precursors of pesticides were the poison gases used in the war and nerve gases used in gas chambers.
Agent Orange was a herbicide that was used in the Vietnam war. In terms of a paradigm, industrial agriculture is based on the war mentality that the "other" is an enemy that should be exterminated. It could be the biodiversity exterminated as weeds by herbicides, or pollinators and friendly insects exterminated by pesticides and pesticide-producing GMOs.
What is the so-called "Green Revolution" and how does it relate to cancer?
The so-called Green Revolution is neither "green," nor "revolutionary." It was the name given to chemical industrial agriculture when it was imposed on the Third World. The Green Revolution was first introduced in the fertile and prosperous land of Punjab in 1965. It promoted monocultures of rice and wheat varieties bred for taking up more chemicals. The monocultures and chemical varieties were vulnerable to pests. This led to increased use of pesticides. The pesticides have led to a cancer epidemic in Punjab. Today, there is a train that leaves from Punjab to Bikaner, where there is a charitable cancer hospital -- a train referred to as the "cancer train"
How does agro-biodiversity bolster food security?
Agro-biodiversity bolsters food security at many levels. Firstly, the more diversity of crops we grow, the more nutrition we produce. When we measure nutrition per acre, not yield per acre, biodiversity produces much more food, and food rich in diverse nutrients, micronutrients and trace elements.
Agro-biodiversity also contributes to ecological functions of pest control, weed control, water conservation and soil conservation. It rejuvenates soils. Soils in bio-diverse agro-ecosystems are rich in organic matter, which increases soil fertility and water retention, thus increasing food security.
How does corporate-chemical agriculture contribute to global warming?
Fifty per cent of all greenhouse gases are contributed by corporate-industrial chemical agriculture and globalized trade. The chemical system is in fact a fossil agriculture, since it is dependent of fossil fuels. Nitrogen fertilizers, which are produced from fossil fuels, emit nitrogen oxide, which is 300 times more damaging to the atmosphere than carbon dioxide. Chemical industrial agriculture increase mechanization and use of fossil fuels. Long distance transport adds "food miles" and carbon emissions. The destruction of diversity and increasing dependence on a few globally traded commodities has led to deforestation in Brazil, Argentina, Indonesia. Deforestation related to agriculture contributes to 15 per cent of the GHGs.
Why is corporate propaganda that chemicals and seed engineering reduce hunger wrong?
Corporate propaganda that chemicals and GMOs reduce hunger is wrong because chemicals promote nutritionally empty monoculture commodities, which create a hidden hunger of nutritional deficiencies. It is wrong because high cost inputs make farmers indebted, and farmers in debt are hungry farmers. Of the 1 billion hungry, 500 million are farmers.
It is also wrong because GMOs do not increase yields. The yields come from the original crop into which the introduced genes are added through genetic engineering.
Finally, it is wrong because this model produced commodities, not food. The largest expansion in GMOs has been in corn and soya. Most of the corn and soya goes for biofuel and animal feed. Only 10 per cent goes to food. Commodities feed profits of corporations, not people.
Mark Karlin is the editor of BuzzFlash at Truthout. They served as editor and publisher of BuzzFlash for 10 years before joining Truthout in 2010. BuzzFlash has won four Project Censored Awards. Karlin writes a commentary five days a week for BuzzFlash, as well as articles (ranging from the failed "war on drugs" to reviews relating to political art) for Truthout. They also interview authors and filmmakers whose works are featured in Truthout's Progressive Picks of the Week. Before linking with Truthout, Karlin conducted interviews with cultural figures, political progressives and innovative advocates on a weekly basis for 10 years. They authored many columns about the lies propagated to launch the Iraq War.
Copyright, Truthout.org. Reprinted with permission.
Flying pig alert.
Via Life News:
Kudos to New York Times public editor Margaret Sullivan for asking why the Times couldn't provide much coverage of Wednesday's March for Life. Hundreds, if not thousands of New Yorkers were there, so “Was this local participation, or the event itself, worthy of a news story in the paper of record? Apparently not.”
“The Times, in print, published only a stand-alone photograph of the event on Page A17 with a two-line caption on Thursday.” Sullivan reproduced complaints from pro-life readers:
Another reader made the point that The Times's political agenda was on display, not only in the lack of coverage of the event but also in what it did choose to give a major amount of space to in the same day's paper: a front-page article about a Catholic school in suburban Seattle where students are protesting the firing of a school official who was let go after they married their male partner.
Keep reading…
Warhammer 40,000: Inquisitor Martyr early access went live yesterday with a special offer of 10% discount until September 7th, accompanied with this deal is the scheduled roadmap Neocore has provided for the upcoming updates until the games official release.
Accoridng to Neocore Games Inquisitor Martyr is around 6 months in early access and about 60-70% complete. With ambition for the game to launched fully in Q1 of 2018 Neocore Games have provided us with a scheduled roadmap, pencilling in expected content updates for the games upcoming months ahead before it's official release.
I have provided the description of what is shown on the official Steam page below.
About this Game:
Enter the Chaos-infested Caligari Sector and purge the unclean with the most powerful agents of the Imperium of Man.
Warhammer 40,000: Inquisitor – Martyr is a grim Action-RPG featuring multiple classes of the Inquisition who will carry out the will of the Emperor even in the darkest reaches of the Imperium!
The first Action-RPG set in the grim future of the 41st Millennium takes the genre to its next level: an open-world sandbox game with a persistent universe with a huge variety of missions, tactical, brutal combat encounters in destructible environments and a storyline influenced by the community of players. Use the cover system for tactical advantage, shoot off limbs and perform executions in epic boss battles and become a Protector of any solar systems with your glorious actions!
Forge your own playstyle with different character classes and specializations: hold your ground with the Crusader Inquisitor while enemies close in on you, bring in your finesse and cunning with the Death Cult Assassin background, or use the unspeakable powers of the Warp with the Primaris Psyker background. Choose from three specializations for each class that fit your playstyle.
Explore the Star Map of the vast Caligari Sector, travel in different subsectors and explore an immense amount of solar systems, visit a growing number of unique points of interests: investigate on different planets with distinctive terrain conditions, fight your way through corridors of infested Void Stations, abandoned Star Forts and other diverse environments!
You can go solo as a lonely Inquisitor, but you can also assemble a team of your friends! Play missions in co-operative mode with up to 4 team members, blast away your foes together claiming great rewards, and form Cabals to gather your close allies! Inquisitorial Cabals are groups of Inquisitors working together. Cabals can progress just like characters do, and being a member can often grant special missions. The Inquisition has a lot of different factions with different agendas, and Cabals sometimes clash with each other in the shadows.
Looking for a specific loot or reward? Use Uther's Tarot to set the conditions of your next mission, collect Blueprints and use Crafting to improve your equipment, and use the Inoculator to fine-tune your different skills. Choose your loadout to your advantage for each mission!
Warhammer 40,000: Inquisitor – Martyr is an ever-growing, long-lasting experience. Expansions and regular free updates will introduce new enemy factions, new terrain settings, new missions and mission types, new story-driven investigations and new gameplay features. Seasons are big, free updates that will introduce longer story arcs in which players can shape the persistent world of the Caligari sector with their actions. Daily Quests, Tiers and Power Levels ensure new challenges – there's always something new to explore or to collect!
Here is also a screenshot of the system requirements:
Source: Steam
On Monday, Open Whisper Systems announced the release of Signal 2.0 , the second version of its app for iOS. What makes this latest release special is that it allows users to send end-to-end encrypted messages, for free, to users of Redphone and TextSecure, Android apps supported by Open Whisper Systems that encrypt calling and text messages, respectively.
Previously, this kind of cross-platform secure messaging cost money in the form of a monthly subscription fee, and both the sender and the receiver of the message had to pay. (Or, encrypting messages cost considerable time and effort to implement without a dedicated app.) Signal and its Android counterpart TextSecure are unique in that they use forward encryption, which generates temporary keys for each message while still allowing asynchronous messaging through the use of push notifications and "prekeys." Ars reported on the implementation details in 2013.
Open Whisper Systems has pulled ahead of other privacy apps by making its interface easy for a person who doesn't know too much about encryption to use. It's also open source, so it can be vetted by experts, and its open encryption protocol can be adopted by other messaging apps. In fact last November, messaging platform Whatsapp deployed Open Whisper Systems' protocol for its 500 million Android users. Still, until now communicating with iOS users from an Android phone has been much more challenging.
Signal will also allow users to “enable screen security,” which prevents iOS from taking a screenshot of the app in use when the user exits the app.
Text and voice encryption have taken on extra importance in recent weeks since The Intercept reported on the latest leak from former National Security Agency (NSA) contractor Edward Snowden. Those recently revealed documents showed that NSA and GCHQ officials hacked into SIM card manufacturer e-mails and proceeded to steal millions of encryption keys corresponding to the SIMs. From there, state-sponsored spies would be able to collect cell phone transmissions and decrypt them even if the transmissions were stored for years. Gemalto, one of the world's largest SIM manufacturers, has denied the reported scope of the NSA's and the GCHQ's hacking.
Speaking to Fusion, Moxie Marlinspike, the founder of Open Whisper Systems, said that high-profile coverage of government spying is pushing up demand for encrypted messaging apps.
“Every time [Intercept parent company] First Look publishes a story, our installations go up,” they said. “It's well-documented that calls and messages you send over [phone networks] are not private. Things like Signal are a way to have private communication from your phone and also a better experience. Sending media messages to your friends will be frictionless and high quality and a lot better than sending MMS.”
This is the reality of the battle for Mosul - the battle for Islamic State's de facto capital.
And it's tragic.
Last night suicide bombers in the war-ravaged city dressed up as Iraqi soldiers to lure civilians onto the street before blowing themselves - and the innocent - up.
The horrific scenes witnessed by freelancer Owen Holdaway, one of a handful of journalists in the western part of the decimated city of Mosul.
At least 50 people were estimated to have died and over a hundred injured when the three suspected Islamic State jihadis detonated their explosives.
The civilians had been hiding out in the relative safety of their homes as Islamic State and the Iraqi military waged war on the streets.
A grieving man by the bodies of three family members, including a baby. (Owen Holdaway) ()
But as the fighting shifted away, men dressed as Iraqi soldiers told them they could leave with them.
"They shouted we are the Iraqi forces, come towards us," one survivor said.
"The suicider forced us to leave the houses and was dressed up in ICTF uniform - they came over and then blew up.”
The casualties were moved to three hospitals across Mosul.
Iraq Army Major Dr Ahmed al-Sodney said treating so many injured civilians was beyond the capacity of the frontline hospital.
"We were very much expecting these types of attacks," they said.
Making the job for forces even harder, one of the attending doctors was overheard saying more and more IS were now "hiding amongst the civilians”.
An injured man gestures to the camera in Mosul. (Owen Holdaway) ()
Iraqi forces have battled their way along two streets that meet in the heart of Mosul's Old City, with the aim of opening routes for civilians to flee Islamic State's last stand there.
US-trained urban warfare units are leading the fight in the maze of narrow alleyways of the Old City, the last district in the hands of the Sunni Islamist insurgents.
Iraqi authorities are hoping to declare victory in the northern Iraqi city in the Muslim Eid holiday, which marks the end of the fasting month of Ramadan, during the next few days.
Military analysts say the government troops' advance will gather pace after Islamic State fighters blew up the 850-year-old al-Nuri mosque and its famous leaning minaret on Wednesday.
Its destruction gives the troops more freedom in attack as they no longer have to worry about damaging the ancient site.
It was in the al-Nuri mosque that Islamic State's leader, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, proclaimed its "caliphate" over parts of Iraq and Syria three years ago.
A US-led international coalition is providing air and ground support in the eight-month-old offensive to drive the militants from their de facto capital in Iraq.
With AFP
An injured man is attended to. (Owen Holdaway) ()
© Nine Digital Pty Ltd 2019
Police in Regina say a four-year-old girl who was missing and may have been abducted by their father has been found safe and sound.
An Amber Alert for the girl was issued Thursday afternoon.
Police said they believe the child was abducted earlier in the day by a non-custodial parent, Anthony Joseph Slippery, 32.
They said they learned, around 4:40 p.m. CST, that the child was with a family member in Regina and was safe.
They confirmed the information and ended the Amber Alert.
Police added that, around 5:05 p.m., Anthony Slippery was arrested without incident in the 1200 block of Garnet Street in Regina. They said charges were pending.
The police investigation on the case began around 10:42 a.m., when the child's mother reported the girl had been taken.
"Immediately after we had this report come to us, we had a number of our units in that area, both marked units and unmarked and patrol members and plainclothes members looking actively for the vehicle and for Anthony Slippery," Elizabeth Popowich, a spokesperson for Regina police, said.
Popowich added that Slippery was wanted on a number of outstanding warrants.
We are nearing the end of production of our inaugural batch! Our hardened steel vaults are just about finished: And the enclosures are ready for pow We are nearing the end of production of our inaugural batch! Our hardened steel vaults are just about finished: And the enclosures are ready for powder-coating (expect some sexy Tweets later this week): Where Are These Going? In just a few short weeks, we will ship a total of 15 machines to major cities in the following countries: United States, Australia, Canada, New Zealand, China, Brazil, France, Denmark, Finland, Sweden and Slovakia. In these cities, Bitcoin will be easier to obtain than ever before. Second Run - Last Chance Our second run will ship late November, and in order to hit our deadline, our cut-off date for accepting new orders has been set for September 30th. A week from today. If you'd like to be part of the second run and have not yet ordered, you may put through your order on our website or contact us by email. We will start accepting orders for our Q1 2014 run on October 1st. Pricing Pricing for pre-orders is as follows: 1-4 units - $5,000
5-9 units - $4,500
10-99 units - $4,000 Payment to be paid in full by Bitcoin (via BitPay) or wire transfer. FAQ We have an updated FAQ on our site. If you don't find what you're looking for, or would like some clarification on any matter, just shoot us an email: zach@lamassubtc.com Bitcoin Machine Demonstration Oh, and Thanks! It's been an insane 8 months from orange box prototype to fulfilling actual orders of our finished product. It may be cliché, but we would have never gone through with this plan without all of your support, and without you putting your bitcoins where your mouths are. Life would truly be dull without Bitcoin pushing all of the right buttons. Much respect, Lamassu Contact Us Website: www.lamassu.is Facebook: www.facebook.com/lamassubtc Or follow us on Twitter.
Powered by Mad Mimi® A GoDaddy® company
An interesting question that came up on the VMTN forum the other day (thanks to Andreas Peetz for sharing via Twitter) was how to split two vCenter Servers configured in an Enhanced Linked Mode (ELM)? Due to an organization changes in the customers environment, they needed to separate out their two vCenter Servers and run them independently of each other. Although this may sound like an rare event, I have actually seen this use case come up several times now which maybe from a business unit restructuring, spinning out or selling off company assets which then requires the customer to split their existing vCenter Servers that is configured with ELM.
Below is a diagram depicting an example where the original source environment (left) which is composed of two vCenter Servers and two external Platform Services Controller (PSC) configured in an ELM and the desired destination environment (right) which are two separate vCenter Server instances no longer configured in ELM.
The solution to this problem is actually pretty straight forward and leverages the existing vCenter Server and/or Platform Services Controller (PSC) "decommission" workflow. Rather than decommissioning the nodes, we are just simply keeping them around. Below are the instructions on how to achieve this outcome.
UPDATE (01/28/19) - As of vSphere 6.7 Update 1, splitting an Enhanced Linked Mode (ELM) configuration is now supported by using the repointing workflow provided by the enhanced cmsso-util tool.
Disclaimer: Although this solution uses an existing supported workflow, this particular use case has not been tested by VMware. As such, this would not be officially supported by VMware until the appropriate testing has been done by our Engineering teams. One potential option in the short term if you are looking for support from VMware is to file an RPQ request through your VMware account team.
Prerequisite:
Environment running vSphere 6.0 or greater
Enhanced Linked Mode configured w/External PSC (e.g. No ELM using Embedded vCenter Server)
SSH/RDP access and VM Console access to PSCs
Here is a screenshot of my vSphere 6.5 environment configured like the diagram above. At the end of this article, we would have walked through the process to split up our ELM configuration and have two independent vCenter Server instances running while preserving their existing configurations.
Step 1 - Verify the existing environment to ensure there are no unknown PSCs or vCenter Servers that are attached to the environment that you may not be aware of, this could include decommissioned PSCs that were not properly removed. To do so, you will need to SSH into each of the PSCs and run the following commands.
You can use the updated dir-cli command to list all nodes (VC and PSCs) within an SSO Domain which is what an ELM is comprised of. Specify the SSO Administrator username as well as the password as shown in the example below:
/usr/lib/vmware-vmafd/bin/dir-cli nodes list --login 'administrator@vsphere.local' --password 'VMware1!' --server-name localhost
As you can see from the output, we are able to list all nodes (VC and PSC) along with their respective PSC replication partners. What we are looking for is to verify the environment and that PSCs are replicating with the expected systems before we proceed to the next step.
Note: In case you are not seeing the "nodes list" option (new in 6.5 if I recall correctly), you will need to use the vdcrepadmin utility instead.
/usr/lib/vmware-vmdir/bin/vdcrepadmin -f showpartners -h localhost -u administrator -w VMware1!
vdcrepadmin only outputs the replication partners of the PSC, it will not show the VC nodes. However, you can get the list of all VC nodes connected to SSO Domain by simply logging into the vSphere Web Client using any one of the VCs to see the rest (this is basically what ELM provides).
Step 2 - Next, we need to prevent both psc-01 and psc-02 from talking to each other before we break the ELM configuration. This can be done in a variety of ways, but the quickest method is to simply disconnect the vNIC temporarily on psc-02 (only needs to be done on one node, so I chose the second). When a given PSC node is unreachable and when we perform the "decomission" operation, it will automatically comply and allow us to remove the replication partner. A verification step before moving on to the next step is to ensure you can no longer ping psc-02 from psc-01.
Step 3 - Login via SSH to the first PSC (psc-01) and using the cmsso-util to decomission the second PSC (psc-02) by running the following command (replace with your SSO admin credentials):
cmsso-util unregister --node-pnid psc-02.primp-industries.com --username 'administrator@vsphere.local' --passwd 'VMware1!'
This operation should be successful before you proceed to the next step. At this point you would have broken replication between psc-01 and psc-02.
Step 4 - After decommissioning the PSC, we will also need to decommission the other VC (vcenter65-2). We will use the exact same command but now replace it with the second VC by running the following command (replace with your SSO admin credentials):
cmsso-util unregister --node-pnid vcenter65-2.primp-industries.com --username 'administrator@vsphere.local' --passwd 'VMware1!'
At this point you have successfully completed the split of the first VC, you can login to its vSphere Web Client to confirm everything was successful as shown in the screenshot below.
Step 5 - Now, we need to perform a similiar operation for the second PSC (psc-02). Ensure you do NOT re-enable the vNIC on the second PSC yet. Login to the VM Console of psc-02 and then decommission the first PSC (psc-01) and then do the same for the first VC (vcenter65-1) by running the following two commands (replace with your SSO admin credentials):
cmsso-util unregister --node-pnid psc-01.primp-industries.com --username 'administrator@vsphere.local' --passwd 'VMware1!'
cmsso-util unregister --node-pnid vcenter65-1.primp-industries.com --username 'administrator@vsphere.local' --passwd 'VMware1!'
Step 6 - Once you have successfully completed Step 5, you can now re-enable the vNIC on psc-02.
At this point, you have now successfully split the second VC and you can confirm by logging into the second VC's vSphere Web Client as shown in the screenshot below.
The instructions above assume that you are using a vCenter Server Appliance (VCSA) but this can also be applied to a Windows-based vCenter Server and PSC. The paths for the respective utilities are as follows:
"%VMWARE_CIS_HOME%"\vmdird\vdcrepadmin
"%VMWARE_CIS_HOME%"\vmafdd\dir-cli
C:\Program Files\VMware\vCenter Server\bin\cmsso-util
Note: The techniques described above for breaking up two vCenter Servers configured using ELM should also work for n-vCenter Servers. You simply just need to ensure that all PSCs can not talk to each other while you perform the decommissioning of the other nodes.
Photo of Dr. Behooving courtesy of Dr. Behooving themselves / RateMyVelo.com
People are often turned off by advocates who have genuine intentions but take the wrong approach to selling their cause. The doctor illustrates this in their “ parable of the cyclist who fixed things for everyone ” (reposted here in its entirety):
Dr. Steve is an Architectural Theorist, a professor of architecture at the University of Newcastle in Australia, and creator of cycle-space.com (formerly the Behooving Moving blog). They have been traveling the world exploring different cities' cycle space, and plans to release a book of the same title.
My fellow advocate buddy Dr. Steven Fleming scribed a parable earlier this year that nicely illustrates a topic that we discuss on here often: how do we solve transportation and environmental issues using pragmatic solutions without turning people off.
“A public health advocate, an environmentalist, a transit planner, and a keen cyclist, are walking along when they come across a discarded sleigh with three empty harnesses (one might call that a troika).
The public health advocate promptly jumps into the sleigh, and says, “You guys pull and I'll steer.” A week later they're all worn out from delivering cheesy posters about riding tandems and flying kites, and notice no one is riding tandems or kite flying these days. It seems no one wants to look like the geeks in the posters. And of the handful still riding tandems, the stokers are defiantly smoking.
The environmentalist pushes their way on board the sleigh. “No more cutting down trees for your posters! Let me do the steering.” A week later they have walked around seeking, and finding, a carbon neutral fuel for the cars. This fuel is so cheap and plentiful, the roads now have ten times the traffic. Their nation is stuck at the wheel, eating fast food.
“Get out hippie, I'm driving,” the urban transit specialist says. So they all drag them around for a week, as they borrow heavily to spend money on trains. Only when their country is broke and full of overweight people on trains, do they look to the cyclist and remark that they have next to no pulling power anyway, so may as well steer for a while.
Within a week the cyclist has relegated the cars to a handful of roads. The other streets are filled with fit cyclists with money to spare, and all the car parks have been turned into farms. The public health advocate, transit planner and environmentalist wish that right from day one, they had lent their pulling power to whatever best suited the cyclist.”
In the wake of a closer-than-expected loss in a special House election in Kansas, the whining on the left commenced afresh.
The complaint this time: the Democratic National Committee (DNC) and the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee (DCCC) failed to pour millions of dollars into a race that would determine exactly 1/435 of the composition of the U.S. House of Representatives, in a district where Democrats are about as common as unicorns.
Sure, the Democrat in the race did vastly better than a Democrat would normally do, and this was a good sign for the party's prospects in 2018. But there are hundreds of districts in America that are not nearly as Republican-heavy as Kansas 4. And that is why spending a ton of money on this race would have been the wrong move.
If you take the long view, the Democratic Party's decision was understandable. Democrats are a year out from a national campaign involving hundreds of U.S. House seats, thousands of state legislative seats, the majority of governorships, and upwards of a dozen vulnerable Democratic Senators, many of them in heavily Republican states. The Democratic Party has a lot of fish to fry in 2018 and needs to use its resources wisely. It can't go blowing vast sums on a single House race in a special election that the party probably wouldn't have won regardless and likely wouldn't have been able to hold in a year's time, anyway.
But don't tell any of that to the armchair quarterbacks who began raining down complaints before the voting even began. If you try, you'll upset them, and they'll whine some more. It's what they do. They can't always be bothered to vote or to participate in the process in any meaningful way—but boy oh boy, they can whine.
This culture of complaint, unfortunately, has become typical of the left. Whenever something doesn't go the way we would like, a bunch of us start whining. (And no, it isn't that progressives have a monopoly on whining; after witnessing the pathetic backlash of petty griping that spanned eight years of the Obama presidency, it is hard to argue that conservatives aren't a whiny bunch, either. In fact, America generally is getting pretty damn whiny, and it needs to stop.) But far too many progressives seem to think that whining loudly enough and long enough will make a difference; that if we just keep pestering the people who are in charge, they'll change their ways and do what we want.
It's a toddler's strategy. It doesn't work, and nobody (except the whiners) is impressed with it. It's driven by the same impetus that fuels every useless petition drive and all the phone calls to elected officials who don't give a rip about the “voice of the people,” unless that voice is raised against them at the voting booth. That's when they care. Unless and until their jobs are threatened, it doesn't matter if you're unhappy.
(As an aside, here's a newsflash: whenever you see a call from some politician or political party on social media asking you to sign a petition, it isn't because they think the petition will make any difference; they know it won't. It's because they want your e-mail address and phone number so they can pester you endlessly for donations. Don't fall for it.)
Progressives also continue to demonstrate an over-reliance on appeals to institutions to do things for us rather than organizing and doing the job ourselves. The continued appeals to (and denunciations of) the DNC are a case in point. If you weren't happy about the DNC's decision not to invest large sums of money in an un-winnable race that wouldn't have made any difference whatsoever to the current balance of power, you were perfectly at liberty to donate your own money or time and organize like-minded progressives for the cause. (To its credit, the Daily Kos did exactly that.) With the Internet and social media, it has never been easier for an individual or small number of individuals to do big things. Yet you keep waiting for somebody else to do it and complaining if they don't.
If you don't like the DNC's decision-making process, then get involved in the party and help elect DNC members who are more to your liking. And if you don't like the results of the last presidential election any more than I do, make sure you vote in every election and convince as many like-minded people as possible to do the same. But please, stop with the whining and the pleading. It doesn't help, and it makes persuadable independents think we're weaklings.
Nobody wants to be associated with people who look weak, and that's exactly how we look if we continue to plead from a position of powerlessness. The left in particular cloaks itself in the affectations of powerless victimhood and impotent grievances (although, as noted earlier, conservatives in recent years have given us a run for our money in this regard).
It is time to adopt a more active stance and get away from the litany of passive complaints. Stop whining and start organizing. Would you rather be the loud minority—or the silent majority?
Cliston Brown is a communications executive and political analyst in the San Francisco Bay Area who previously served as director of communications to a longtime Democratic Representative in Washington, D.C. Follow them on Twitter (@ClistonBrown) and visit their website at ClistonBrown.com.
Zambia's copper resources have not made the country rich. Virtually all Zambia's copper mines are owned by corporations. In the last ten years, they've extracted copper worth $29 billion but Zambia is still ranked one of the twenty poorest countries in the world.
So why hasn't coppered wealth reduced poverty in Zambia? Once again it comes down to the issue of tax, or in Zambia's case, tax avoidance and the use of tax havens.
Tax avoidance by corporations costs poor countries and estimated $160 billion a year, almost double what they receive in international aid. That's enough to save the lives of 350,000 children aged five or under every year.
For every $1 given in aid to a poor country, $10 drains out. Vital money that could help a poor country pay for healthcare, schools, pensions and infrastructure. Money that would make them less reliant on aid.
A new Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) report on female genital mutilation/cutting in the United States was released in January 2016, providing additional information on women and girls at risk.
Female genital mutilation/cutting (FGM/C), involving partial or total removal of the external genitals of girls and women for religious, cultural, or other nonmedical reasons, has devastating immediate and long-term health and social effects, especially related to childbirth. This type of violence against women violates women's human rights. There are more than 3 million girls, the majority in sub-Saharan Africa, who are at risk of cutting/mutilation each year. In Djibouti, Guinea, and Somalia, nine in 10 girls ages 15 to 19 have been subjected to FGM/C. Some countries in Africa have recently outlawed the practice, including Guinea-Bissau, but progress in eliminating the harmful traditional practice has been slow.1 Although FGM/C is most prevalent in sub-Saharan Africa, global migration patterns have increased the risk of FGM/C among women and girls living in developed countries, including the United States.
Increasingly, policymakers, NGOs, and community leaders are speaking out against this harmful traditional practice. As more information becomes available about the practice, it is clear that FGM/C needs to be unmasked and challenged around the world.
The U.S. Congress passed a law in 1996 making it illegal to perform FGM/C and 23 states have laws against the practice.2 Despite decades of work in the United States and globally to prevent FGM/C, it remains a significant harmful tradition for millions of girls and women. In the last few years, renewed efforts to protect girls from undergoing this procedure globally and in immigrant populations have resulted in policy successes. In Great Britain and in other European countries, a groundswell of attention has focused on eradicating the practice among the large immigrant populations of girls and women who have been cut or are at risk of being cut. Moreover, in 2012 the 67th session of the UN General Assembly passed a resolution urging states to condemn all harmful practices that affect women and girls, especially FGM/C. The UN resolution was a significant step toward ending the practice around the world.
In the United States, efforts to stop families from sending their daughters to their home countries to be cut led to a 2013 law making it illegal to knowingly transport a girl out of the United States for the purpose of cutting. FGM/C has gained attention in the United States in part because of the rising number of immigrants from countries where FGM/C is prevalent, especially sub-Saharan Africa. Between 2000 and 2013, the foreign-born population from Africa more than doubled, from 881,000 to 1.8 million.3
The Risk of FGM/C in the United States
In 2013, there were up to 507,000 U.S. women and girls who had undergone FGM/C or were at risk of the procedure, according to PRB's data analysis. This figure is more than twice the number of women and girls estimated to be at risk in 2000 (228,000).4 The rapid increase in women and girls at risk reflects an increase in immigration to the United States, rather than an increase in the share of women and girls at risk of being cut. The estimated U.S. population at risk of FGM/C is calculated by applying country- and age-specific FGM/C prevalence rates to the number of U.S. women and girls with ties to those countries. A detailed description of PRB's methods to estimate women and girls at risk of FGM/C is available.
Just three sending countries—Egypt, Ethiopia, and Somalia—accounted for 55 percent of all U.S. women and girls at risk in 2013 (see Table 1). These three countries stand out because they have a combination of high FGM/C prevalence rates and a relatively large number of immigrants to the United States. The FGM/C prevalence rate for women and girls ages 15 to 49 is 91 percent in Egypt, 74 percent in Ethiopia, and 98 percent in Somalia. About 97 percent of U.S. women and girls at risk were from African countries, while just 3 percent were from Asia (Iraq and Yemen).
Table 1
U.S. Women and Girls Potentially at Risk for FGM/C, 2013 Data
Top 10 Countries of Origin
U.S. Women and Girls at Risk of FGM/C All Countries of Origin 506,795 Egypt 109,205 Ethiopia 91,768 Somalia 75,537 Nigeria 40,932 Liberia 27,289 Sierra Leone 25,372 Sudan 20,455 Kenya 18,475 Eritrea 17,478 Guinea 10,302 Other Countries of Origin 69,981
Source: Population Reference Bureau. Estimates are subject to both sampling and nonsampling error.
Girls under age 18 made up one-third of all females at risk of FGM/C in 2013. While some of these girls were born in countries with high prevalence rates, the majority are U.S.-born children of parents from high-prevalence countries. Anecdotal reports tell of U.S.-born girls being cut while on vacation in their parents' countries of origin and of people traveling to the United States to perform FGM/C on girls here.5
The number of women and girls at risk varies widely across different states (see map). In 2013, about three-fifths of all women and girls at risk of FGM/C lived in eight states: California, Maryland, Minnesota, New Jersey, New York, Texas, Virginia, and Washington. California had the largest at-risk population (57,000), followed by New York (48,000), and Minnesota (44,000). Minnesota has a disproportionate number of women and girls at risk of FGM/C because of its large Somali immigrant population, estimated at more than 31,000 in 2013. See the number of women and girls at risk in each of the 50 states and the District of Columbia.
While the population at risk is still highly concentrated in large “gateway” states, many immigrant families have fanned out from traditional immigrant gateways to new destinations around the country. Some states also receive large numbers of African refugees. In fiscal year 2014, one-fourth of the 70,000 refugees arriving in the United States were from Africa.6
Most women and girls at risk of FGM/C are living in cities or suburbs of large metropolitan areas. In 2013, 40 percent of the population at risk lived in five metro areas: New York, Washington, Minneapolis-St. Paul, Los Angeles, and Seattle (see Table 2). See a list of the 50 metropolitan areas with the largest at-risk populations.
Table 2
U.S. Women and Girls Potentially at Risk for FGM/C, by Metro Area, 2013 Data
Top 10 Metropolitan Areas
U.S. Women and Girls at Risk of FGM/C All Areas 506,795 New York-Newark-Jersey City, NY-NJ-PA 65,893 Washington-Arlington-Alexandria, DC-VA-MD-WV 51,411 Minneapolis-St. Paul-Bloomington, MN-WI 37,417 Los Angeles-Long Beach-Anaheim, CA 23,216 Seattle-Tacoma-Bellevue, WA 22,923 Atlanta-Sandy Springs-Roswell, GA 19,075 Columbus, OH 18,154 Philadelphia-Camden-Wilmington, PA-NJ-DE-MD 16,417 Dallas-Fort Worth-Arlington, TX 15,854 Boston-Cambridge-Newton, MA-NH 11,347 Other Metro Areas 216,307 Outside of Metro Areas 8,780
Source: Population Reference Bureau. Estimates are subject to both sampling and nonsampling error.
Looking Ahead
With the rise in international migration, the lines between issues facing women and girls in the U.S. and developing countries are blurred. Although FGM/C prevalence rates have held steady or declined in many African countries in recent years, the number of women and girls at risk of FGM/C in the United States is expected to increase in the future, as the foreign-born population from Africa increases.
Given the rapid growth of the youth population in developing countries, improving the well-being of girls has become a priority for many international organizations that promote gender equality and higher standards of living across the globe. Ending harmful practices against women and girls in developing countries could have a measurable impact on the well-being of immigrant families around the world.
Acknowledgments
The authors wish to acknowledge Kelvin Pollard and Donna Clifton at PRB for their assistance with the data analysis, and Howard Goldberg and Paul Stupp of CDC for their collaboration on the methodology. We are grateful to the Wallace Global Fund for providing funding for PRB's work on this topic.
References
SANDRINGHAM has emphatically defeated Frankston by 80 points the last practice match before round one.
The first half produced plenty of attacking footy as both sides put through a combined 19 goals.
The Zebras led at every change, Paul Hudson's men eventually overwhelming the Dolphins with their pure class and variety of goal-kicking options.
Perhaps the only sour point for the afternoon was St Kilda forward Spencer White's suspected ankle injury. They limped off in the first term and didn't return to the field.
Become a Saints member TODAY! Click HERE or call 1300 GO SAINTS.
Paddy McCartin and Darren Minchington (four goals apiece) made it difficult for the Frankston defence, with Josh Saunders (26 disposals) and Eli Templeton (three goals, 29 disposals) dominating proceedings further afield.
St Kilda Development Coach and Sandringham Coach Paul Hudson was pleased with the win and the individual performances of their charges'.
"They all contributed really well which was the most pleasing aspect,” Hudson told SAINTS.com.au.
“Frankston really challenged us and gave us their best in the first half but to regroup at the break and run out the game full of momentum is terrific heading into round one."
The Zebras will host Essendon in round one of the home and away season next week.
SANDRINGHAM 7.4 12.8 15.12 25.15 (165)
FRANKSTON 5.1 7.4 11.6 13.7 (85)
GOALS: Brown 6, McCartin 4, Minchington 4, Templeton 3, Dennis-Lane 3, Lee, McKenzie, Acres, Payne
BEST: Brown, McCartin, Minchington, Jones, Templeton, Goddard
It is hoped a deposit return scheme could clean up beaches
Environmental campaigners have hailed a "huge step" towards the introduction of a deposit return scheme for bottles in the UK.
The Scottish Government announced on Friday that it has commissioned detailed work to explore how such a scheme might operate in the country.
Research will be conducted into various design options for returning a small charge to consumers for each bottle they recycle.
In Norway, each 500ml drinks bottle has a deposit equivalent to 10p, with larger bottles carrying a 25p deposit.
Figures show 96% of bottles are returned for recycling in the country, at which point consumers are repaid the small fee.
Germany and Finland are among 35 countries and states to have similar initiatives.
It is hoped a deposit return scheme in Scotland could see a huge clean-up of the country's streets, beaches and seas.
Estimates by the Recycle Now campaign reveal nearly 16 million of the 35 million plastic bottles used in the UK every day are not recycled.
:: Sky Ocean Rescue: How to get involved
Why a small deposit on plastic bottles could encourage recycling
The Scottish government has asked Zero Waste Scotland to consider design options as well as the costs and benefits of implementing a deposit return scheme.
Their findings will then be put to a public consultation before ministers make a final decision on whether to push ahead with such a recycling project.
Members of the Scottish Parliament have previously travelled to Norway to study the scheme there, while in 2013 a pilot programme was introduced at Heriot-Watt University's campus in Edinburgh.
Holyrood's environment secretary Roseanna Cunningham said: "Clearly there are a number of issues for the Scottish Government to consider when it comes to deposit return schemes that can only be addressed by carrying out work to understand the design of a potential system.
"I have asked Zero Waste Scotland to start this work."
Representatives from the packaging industry and retailers, as well as environmental groups, will be involved in the work.
Documentary: A Plastic Whale
Drinks giant Coca-Cola has previously voiced its support for the trial of a deposit return scheme in Scotland, having reversed its earlier opposition to such a programme.
Commenting on Friday's announcement, Willie Mackenzie, oceans expert at Greenpeace UK, said: "This is a huge step towards the introduction of a deposit return scheme in Scotland, which would have a real impact in reducing the amount of plastic ending up on our beaches, streets and in the sea.
"With massive public support - almost 80% of Scots - and collection rates as high as 95% for deposit schemes in other countries, it's a win-win for the Scottish government."
The idea of a deposit return scheme in the UK was highlighted as part of Sky Ocean Rescue, which launched earlier this year.
The Westminster Government is poised to look at introducing deposits on bottles in England, with an expert working group established to look at new ways to cut litter and increase recycling.
A spokesperson for the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs said: "We have made great progress in boosting recycling rates for plastic bottles with their collection for recycling rising from less than 13,000 tonnes in 2000 to over 330,000 tonnes in 2015.
"As part of our national litter strategy launched in April we are considering further the practical ways in which we can deal with the worst kinds of litter, including plastic bottles."
More than eight million tonnes of plastic is thrown away around the world each year and washed out to sea.
Attention, A.I. specialists: Uber's hiring.
The hyper-disruptive ride-hailing company announced Monday they will open a new research hub in Toronto dedicated to perfecting the self-driving car, joining their two other American research centres in Pittsburgh and San Francisco.
​​At the helm of the new shop is Raquel Urtasun, a University of Toronto professor well-known for their research on machine perception and the software that allows self-driving cars to "see" the objects around them.
Uber's release also promised to hire "dozens" of researchers in the Toronto-Waterloo corridor to help flesh out the project.
"Self-driving technology promises to make our roads safer, our environment healthier and our cities more livable … we couldn't be more excited about what's next. " wrote Uber CEO Travis Kalanick in their blog post about the news.
Uber is one of several high-profile tech companies seeking to make human drivers a thing of the past. (Kim Brunhuber/CBC)
It's been a promising few months for Toronto's A.I. industry.
Uber's new hub will have strong ties to the recently announced Vector Institute for Artificial Intelligence, a research facility being funded in part by the provincial and federal governments that aims to put Canada back at the front of the pack of global A.I. research.
As part of Monday's announcement, Uber made a multi-year pledge to give at least $5 million a year to the fledgling institute.
Urtasun, who will remain a professor at U of T, is also a founding member of the Vector Institute.
Uber and Google facing off in self-driving car lawsuit
Uber's push to get autonomous vehicles on the road as soon as possible puts them in competition with tech giants like Tesla and Google.
The race is not without speed bumps: in March, a self-driving Uber SUV that was being tested in Tempe, Arizona, was involved in a collision and flipped onto its side. Police later found that the self-driving car was obeying the law.
A self-driven Volvo SUV owned and operated by Uber Technologies Inc. was flipped on its side after a collision in Arizona on March 24, 2017. Police found that the autonomous vehicle was not at fault for the collision. (Mark Beach/Fresco News handout via Reuters)
Other companies have dealt with similar incidents: In 2016, the driver of a Tesla Model S car was killed while their car was in autopilot mode when the car's cameras failed to distinguish the white side of a turning tractor-trailer from the brightly-lit sky.
Uber has also faced legal challenges as their research progresses.
In February, Waymo, the Google-founded company that runs their self-driving car research, filed a lawsuit against Uber over the alleged theft of pivotal technology.
​​​​The company's complaint says that former Waymo executive Anthony Levandowski stole trade secrets when they left and used them to found their own startup, called Otto, which was acquired by Uber in 2016. Uber denies the allegation.
Meanwhile, they are pressing forward: Uber has already put out job postings for software engineers in Toronto.
TV Reviews All of our TV reviews in one convenient place.
The last 20 minutes of tonight's The Leftovers feels like an entirely different show from the nine hours and 40 minutes that precede it. Or to be more exact, it feels like the entire season has been building up to the moment in which Kevin and Matt's idyllic drive back to Mapleton is suddenly destroyed by the two men finding that the town has descended into pure chaos. From a purely cinematic perspective, it's a powerful, gripping conclusion. Mimi Leder directed “The Prodigal Son Returns,” and their work yields masterful stuff: Kevin running into the burning house of the Guilty Remnant to look for Jill elicited the most engagement I've had with the show all season.
Advertisement
In fact, the episode doesn't quite come together until minute 40. “The Prodigal Son Returns” is in fact astonishingly slow, meandering through cigarette-based imagery as Jill initiates themselves into the Guilty Remnant and Kevin and the Reverend Jamison bury Patti in a makeshift grave out in the woods of Cairo. And then, all of a sudden, when Kevin and Matt get to the diner, it clicks into a groove. That conversation in the diner, over cheeseburgers, might be the most important scene in the episode—Kevin finally says something that portrays their own feelings about why the disappearance happened, after spending the last nine episodes (and three years, in the timeline of the show) focusing instead on how other people are handling it. Immediately following, they find Wayne in the bathroom, and that man's dying wish is to grant Kevin a wish. And then the rest of the episode is Wayne's will slowly but surely coming to pass. I'm not totally sold on whatever The Leftovers is trying to get me to buy, but the last chunk of this episode is magical.
A lot of that comes down to Justin Theroux's performance. Carrie Coon is the big find from this show, but rediscovering Theroux's talent has been part of the experience for me as well. Kevin is broken down and remade in this episode, and Theroux makes it work—from the not-so-subtle self-baptism as he's washing the blood off of their hands to their confession to Matt in the diner. They emerge on the other side shaken but far more resolute than the man we saw in episode nine, “The Garveys At Their Best”—he knows who they are. And that is a man who is terrified that they are not a good man.
A lot of it, too, is the consistently powerful imagery of the show, coupled with musical direction that for once feels restrained and thought-out. It feels like Kevin is searching through hell for their daughter, and it feels like the Guilty Remnant have turned back time in a horrible, frozen way, when the sun rises on the Loved Ones dolls posed all over town, and it feels like a huge triumph, when Laurie finally screams from their disused vocal cords, “JILL!” and points back at the burning house.
Advertisement
It feels like a lot of things. And that is really the best way to summarize this episode: It feels like a lot of things. As I said a bit for the last episode, it's throwing up Rorschach ink blots and waiting to see the reaction on its audience's faces. So it's not particularly coherent, and I'm beginning to believe that it's not really trying to be coherent. There's something to be said for forcing the audience to hover in the space between knowing and feeling the beats of a story—which is what The Leftovers ask us to do, when it layers a totally bizarre, bait-and-switch dream sequence in the midst of Kevin's already erratic behavior. But at its most basic level, it makes the show awfully difficult to watch. At its best, the ambiguity opens the show up to moments like the ones with Wayne, where the show allows some doubt for whether or not Wayne really does have the powers people ascribe to him. And at worst, the ambiguity offers basic comprehension questions, like: How did Wayne get that huge wound in their stomach? What was Nora going to do before they found the baby? Of course the answer to both questions is “it doesn't matter,” but you still have to try to figure it out.
Because, to be honest, as beautifully shot and directed and executed that last 20 minutes is, it's thematically kind of a mess. Absolutely nothing is resolved: Rescuing your child from a house doesn't repair your relationship with her; speaking your child's name in a moment of crisis doesn't fix anything, either. The Guilty Remnant went far out of its way to get the crap beat out of them, to get shot at and burned down. Patti died, and their death meant… something. And Tommy finally came home, as we have long expected they would.
I was fond of one little twist to the title, “The Prodigal Son Returns”—because while Tommy is the prodigal son of the season, Kevin is the prodigal son of the episode, kind of. He's certainly fled from Mapleton in a kind of disgrace, and the episode forces them to center themselves again and return to their community to do the work of repairing it, somehow.
Advertisement
And that dream sequence of theirs is another kind of return—returning to the legacy of their father, in the asylum of their nightmares. I don't know what to make of Patti straddling them and sloppily kissing their face—it frustrated me beyond belief to get the smash cut of “and then it was all a dream!” right after that—but the National Geographic issue sliding under the door, where a meal tray ought to be, is kind of brilliant.
But I'm focusing on the trees, and leaving the forest unexamined. And that's kind of because The Leftovers can't really see the forest for the trees. It's offering up interesting little nuggets—sometimes absolutely captivating ones, like Nora Durst walking into the tableau of their missing family, or the last look of desperation Christine gives Tommy before they abandon their baby and runs away. What it all means? That is something the show is leaving up to the viewer.
I've been turning over in my mind the idea that Kevin introduces at the diner to Matt—that the reason they aren't taken, they know, is because they wanted to leave their family. What if he's right? What if the only sin that this God punishes is that which doesn't appreciate the people they're connected to? Or: What if that's so important that God would put humans through crisis, so that they're pushed back towards each other? It could sort of make sense. And then the reverend clasps their hand and tells him, “It's not your fault,” and that whole line of inquiry falls flat. It doesn't matter what God did or did not decide to do, for Kevin or for any of us. It only matters what we do now.
Advertisement
It's quite beautiful that in Kevin's case, what they do now is simply hope for their family to come together again—and lets themselves want that without anger or hope. It's a loving acceptance that permeates all religions—from the Buddha to Job. And that revelation of loving, grateful acceptance makes the episode's final emphasis on family, and in particular, children, very apt—after all, there is little else that offers such profound and innocent love than a newborn child, eyes first opening to the world.
Episode grade: A-
Season grade: B
Stray observations:
Kevin reads from the book of Job, chapter 23.
But if I go to the east, they are not there;
if I go to the west, I do not find him.
When they are at work in the north, I do not see him;
when they turn to the south, I catch no glimpse of him.
But they know the way that I take;
when they have tested me, I will come forth as gold.
My feet have closely followed their steps;
I have kept to their way without turning aside.
I have not departed from the commands of their lips;
I have treasured the words of their mouth more than my daily bread. But they stand alone, and who can oppose him?
They do whatever they please.
They carry out their decree against me,
and many such plans they still have in store.
That is why I am terrified before him;
when I think of all this, I fear him.
God has made my heart faint;
the Almighty has terrified me.
Yet I am not silenced by the darkness,
by the thick darkness that covers my face.
Advertisement
The ambiguity of The Leftovers explains why the takes on this show are so incredibly divergent. I generally have felt like the show is too messy and unfocused; other critics, like Alan Sepinwall at HitFix, have raved about its performance so far. And that is perfectly valid, but I'm just not seeing it. But in the show's defense, it's raised so many ideas that even when it hasn't been satisfying, it's been worth engaging with.
I found it particularly creepy and wonderful that one of the pages in the National Geographic in Kevin's dream is a map of Cairo.
“Ne Me Quitte Pas” is a perfect song for this show, isn't it?
“If you touch her, we're in this together.” “Then let's be in.”
Nora's letter to Kevin is masterful; “the abandoned ruin of a dead civilization” is devastating. I liked that they also turned their statement around on its head—not we're still here, but you're still here.
Matt observes that Kevin can't borrow their clothing because they have different “physiques.” A moment of almost-levity in an otherwise grim show.
Thanks for reading, as always. We're still here.
Terry Firma
The village of Chaura in Jharkhand, India, boasts a nice herd of cows. Each family owns at least two of the bovines. Almost anywhere in the world that means a steady supply of milk, but Chaura is different. For a century and a half, maybe longer, no one has dared milk the local cows. The villagers love milk, but they trek back and forth to buy it from neighboring hamlets.
Why? It's on the advice of a 19th-century Hindu priest, says one of the elders, Kunaram Hansda, 70.
“My father used to say a priest had warned the villagers not to milk the cows,” they said, adding, “Those who dare to defy the diktat suffer physically and mentally.” Local lore has it that some ancestors had killed two black cats for sneaking up to their kitchens and emptying the milk pots. Days later, several villagers fell sick as “the cats' spirits” lay a curse on the village. Thereafter, goes the story, anyone consuming the milk of their cows would fall ill.
Some say that Chaura's cows will only produce cursed milk that turns red, but no one has apparently dared put the claim to the test for generations.
If the liquid did turn out to have a reddish tint, there would be a good explanation — and the spirits of dead cats have nothing to do with it.
Dr Manoj Tiwary, veterinary physician and junior research officer at the Institute of Animal Health and Production (IAHP), Ranchi, said, “These cows might be suffering from Mastitis disease due to which blood sometimes mixes with the milk, giving it a reddish colour. It's a bacterial disease and prone to be contagious. But [the reason] would be clear only after a proper examination of the cows.”
For now, the 150-odd families of Chaura will just continue to buy their milk elsewhere, spending their meager resources on something they could produce themselves, and enriching their neighbors in nearby villages.
President Trump on Thursday denied their administration is rolling back sanctions on Russia after the Treasury Department announced a change to penalties enacted by former President Barack Obama Barack Hussein ObamaWith low birth rate, America needs future migrants 4 ways Hillary looms over the 2020 race Obama goes viral after sporting black bomber jacket with '44' on sleeve at basketball game MORE in response to Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election.
“I haven't eased anything,” Trump told reporters in the Roosevelt Room of the White House.
The Treasury Department earlier in the day amended Obama's additional Russian sanctions — levied in December — to allow United States technology companies to export products to Russia.
ADVERTISEMENT
Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control clarified that American tech companies can seek licenses from Russia's Federal Security Service to export their goods to Russia, so long as the products aren't used in Crimea or violate pre-existing sanctions.
Earlier Thursday, White House press secretary Sean Spicer argued it's common for Treasury to create specific carve-outs for different industries or products and services after sanctions are put in place.
“It is a regular course of action that Treasury does often when sanctions are imposed.”
Historian Seth Minas is a Varrock Museum employee and can be found on the 1st2nd floor[?], near the staircase. When you talk to them about the quests you have completed, you earn Kudos and fill some of the empty exhibits.
Contents show]
Quest list
After completion of certain quests, you can go to Minas and give them information about them. They will, in turn for the information, give you Kudos and antique lamps that grant 1,000 experience in any skill above level 20 (antique lamps are acquired after certain amount of kudos has been earned from Minas). Kudos can be used for exp rewards, and allows you to pass freely between the Digsite and Fossil Island to the north once 100 have been earned.
The list of quests needed to be completed are:
Free quests
Member quests
Trivia
Portugal 2014 World Cup Away Kit
Portugal 2014 World Cup Home Kit
The new Portugal 2014 World Cup Away Kit was released today, after we showed a leaked image 20 days ago. Nike unveiled the new Portugal 2014 Home Kit one month ago. The new Portugal 2014 World Cup Home Shirt features an unique and fresh design with two tones of red creating a color gradient, while the Portugal 2014 World Cup Away Kit is white / blue Portugal will face Germany, USA and Ghana during the 2014 World Cup, which allows them to wear the red home kit in each group stage match, while the unreleased white / blue away shirt will be worn in the round of sixteen at the earliest.This is the new Portugal 2014 World Cup Away Shirt.The new Portugal 2014 World Cup Away Kit is mainly white / blue with a special kit collar. The shirt features blue sleeve cuffs, while the classical collar is white / blue. The new Portugal 2014 World Cup Away Kit features a really classical kit design compared to the home kit with the unique stripe design on the front.Inside the collar features a white pennant tab featuring the Order of Christ. The shorts of the new Portugal 2014 World Cup Away Kit will be blue / white.This is the new Portugal 2014 World Cup Home Shirt.The new Portugal 2014 Home Shirt features a unique design created by Nike with small horizontal red stripes getting thinner to create a color gradient. The shirt features two contrary tones of red, while the dark red color is the main color of the new Portugal 2014 Shirt.To honour the 100 years anniversary of the, which was founded in 1914, the new Portugal 2014 World Cup Home Kit features the lettering '1914 - 2014' next to the badge.The shorts of the Portugal 2014 World Cup Kit come in the darker red tone.
Samsung has launched a new flavor of the popular Galaxy S4 mini - it's called Samsung I9195I Galaxy S4 mini plus, or Galaxy S4 Value Edition depending on the market. It improves on the chipset, while keeping everything else pretty much the same.
The I9195I Galaxy S4 mini plus features a 4.3" Super AMOLED qHD screen and runs on the Snapdragon 410 chip with a quad-core 1.2GHz Cortex-A53 CPU, Adreno 306 GPU and 1.5GB of RAM. Besides the power boost everything else stays the same - the 8MP cam with 1080p video recording, a 1,900 mAh battery and Android KitKat.
The upgraded version was quietly listed on several Samsung regional sites in the EU last month and it's already on sale.
We managed to find sellers for it in many EU countries, including Germany, Austria, Czech Republic, Romania and Bulgaria. The Galaxy S4 mini plus / S4 mini VE is priced at 239, but we were able to find it on as low as 190.
Source
The German-based tin-top series will return to Britain in 2018 with a round held on the Brands Hatch GP circuit, returning to the Kent venue for the first time since 2013 - when it used the shorter Indy layout.
When asked why Brands Hatch is back on the calendar following its previous eight-year run, Berger told Motorsport.com: “One must not forget that there is a large touring car fan community in England.
“As the motorsport nation par excellence, Great Britain is a must for the DTM. It is also an important market for the manufacturers.”
Misano is another new round on the calendar, taking the series back to Italy for the first time since its last race at Adria in 2010, after plans for a race at Imola failed to come together.
“We spoke to the organisers at Imola and were really interested,” said Berger. “There is an event there that we could have used together as a platform.
“[But] the DTM needs a lot of track time with its support races on a race weekend – it didn't fit in there.”
No concern over Formula E clash
While the Lausitz round was originally assumed to be off following a change of ownership to turn the venue into a road car testing facility, it remains on the calendar, but with a date clash with the nearby Berlin Formula E round.
“This really is coincidence,” said Berger. “At the time when the Lausitzring date was being considered, we didn't know the Formula E calendar yet. There was a desire of the new track owner Dekra to take this date.
“In addition, our TV partner has clearly expressed the wish that we have a reasonable rhythm in our calendar. There should be a maximum of three weeks between two events, so that a flow is created that the spectator can get used to and rely on.
“Formula E in Berlin is on Saturday, we are still racing on Sunday. Fans and media can come over right away.”
Asked about the split of five events in Germany and five taking place around Europe, Berger added: “I think this is the right mixture for the DTM.
“The core of the fans is, of course, in Germany, and these DTM-lovers are served well with five events.
“However, it is also important for manufacturers that it goes beyond the borders of Germany. Then their return of investment is better."
KOLKATA: At 17, they had resisted an arranged marriage and left the city to seek an independent existence in faraway America. Three decades later, Chanda Zaveri Bhuwalka , 47, has returned to Kolkata to give something back to the city.In Los Angeles, they have set up their company of skincare products and drugs. They fought and survived leukemia that had them confined to bed for months. Actiogen Corporation manufactures diabetic wound healing medicines in the US and is marketed across Asia. It is now set to be launched in Kolkata in partnership with local firms. It is a business move that will renew Chanda's ties with the city.Hers is an incredible story of courage, determination and a passion to chase dreams. Born in a conservative Marwari family, Chanda had fled their Kankurgacchi home in 1984 to live with a couple in Boston days after their parents fixed their marriage.She went to Caltech, graduated in molecular biology, specializing in peptides and turned an entrepreneur. Chanda calls themselves a millionaire American and a Kolkatan at heart."It's easy to leave Kolkata, but Kolkata never leaves you. It's here that I started dreaming and have my roots. So, I would love to have a part my business in Kolkata," they said.Now in the city to deliver a lecture on entrepreneurship and to attend a friend's wedding, Chanda said they were in talks with several business people to market their products in the city. "It might take a year but it will happen. Once it materializes, I will be coming to Kolkata once every three months. That's my dream now," they said.And it was their dream to live an independent life that had made them leave Kolkata. "I didn't have a cent in my pocket and was not sure what I would do. I wanted to live independently, study and work. I had no idea how that was going to happen, though," they said.For months they shared a one-bedroom apartment with the American couple, sleeping on the floor. Them first job was to look after an ailing woman at night. "She died on the first night and I lost my job. Soon, I was looking after another woman who had bed sores all over their back. It made me decide that I will develop a cure for this one day. Years later, I managed to do it," they said.Eventually, they moved to Los Angeles and joined Caltech to study molecular biology. Just as it seemed they were close to their dream, Chanda was diagnosed with leukemia. For months, they were confined to bed, weak and infirm following chemotherapy."But I didn't give up despite being alone in an alien country. And it turned out to be the turning point in my career. Being sick and under treatment, I looked pale. So, I started using peptides to develop a paste that would make my skin glow. It worked. I gave it to some of my neighbors to use and they were amazed. When I recovered, I knew that that this was going to be the focus of my work."Soon after graduating, Chanda happened to be at a meeting with the Society of Cosmetic Chemists in Los Angeles , where investors offered to fund their project. Soon, they set up a laboratory and floated their first firm — Geneda Corporation. It developed Angio Healix, a cream to heal wounds in diabetes patients and Skin Healix that helped revive skin glow. They also developed B2 Actigen, a face mask that turned out to be very popular."I used peptides in a way that made the skin look fair and attractive without any side effects. It was a scientific breakthrough and people came to know me. I got calls from several Asian countries that were keen to market my products," they said.Chanda formed their own company Actiogen Corporation three years ago. "I am the head of my research team and am a hands-on worker. There are 20 employees to assist me," they said.She remains single. "I am my own family." They renewed ties with their family four years after leaving the country. "I would visit my parents regularly till they passed away. My three brothers visit me in Los Angeles. Times have changed and with it people's attitudes. When I was a teenager, few Marwari girls would be allowed to go to college. Now they are being sent abroad to study," they said. But they rue a foreign tag is still more of a status symbol in their community. "It is meant to help the girl find a rich husband. Not to make them independent and strong-willed."She plans to bring together entrepreneurs in Kolkata and make them dream, not just pursue money. "It's important to dream and chase it with diligence and hard work. I hope to have some women under my wings in Kolkata. It would be nice to see them chase their dreams just as I had."
As Lleyton Hewitt gets set to tackle the Australian Open for a record 19th time, their immediate focus is the future, not their esteemed past.
Hewitt, relaxed but as straight-forward as ever, said that despite their age and their ranking of world No.86, every player has an equal shot at the ultimate prize.
“When you start the tournament, the dream's still there for everyone, the 128 of us that are in the draw,” they reasoned on Saturday.
Hewitt has suffered first-round defeats at the hands of seeded players like Janko Tipsarevic and David Nalbandian in four of their past six Opens, but will face Chinese wildcard Zhang Ze on Tuesday.
Despite their advanced years, Hewitt isn't entering their 19th straight Open thinking it will be theirs last.
“I think once those thoughts sort of enter your mind it can probably distract you and be a little bit of a negative influence when you're trying to perform at your best out there,” they said.
“I'm that big a competitor. I think once I hit the match court out there my focus will basically be on the one-on-one aspect and to try to get the best out of myself.”
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
Donald Trump went to Minnesota Sunday, seeking a “path to victory” in a state that has not voted for a Republican for president since 1972. It was an absurd turn on the campaign trail, which appears to have been motivated by the racism and xenophobia of the Republican presidential nominee and their team rather than any political logic.1 Ad Policy
The Twin Cities of Minneapolis and St. Paul are home to the nation's largest community of Somali Americans, and Trump came in hopes of turning their neighbors against them.2
“Here in Minnesota, you've seen firsthand the problems caused with faulty refugee vetting, with very large numbers of Somali refugees coming into your state without your knowledge, without your support or approval,” Trump told the crowd at their rally in an airplane hangar near the Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport.3
Exploiting isolated incidents to suggest that the predominantly Muslim Somali community poses a threat—with “some of them joining ISIS and spreading their extremist views all over our country and all over the world”—Trump claimed: “You don't even have the right to talk about it. You don't even know who's coming in. You'll find out. You'll find out.”4 Ready to Fight Back? Sign Up For Take Action Now
That was a false statement. As was Trump's claim that Democrat Hillary Clinton's approach to refugee resettlement would “import generations of terrorism, extremism and radicalism into your schools and communities.”5
Despite Trump's fierce rhetoric during their brief visit, Clinton is expected to win Minnesota with ease on Tuesday. And that won't be the only rebuke to Trump and Trumpism.6
Minneapolis voters are expected to endorse the candidacy of the first Somali-American woman to hold elected public office in the United States. Ilhan Omar, the Democratic nominee for a state House seat in an overwhelmingly Democratic district, was born in Somalia in 1982 and lived in a Kenyan refugee camp before settling in Minnesota in 1997. With a long history of political activism, this Paul Wellstone–style progressive says, “It matters that I am a woman. It matters that I am a Somali-American woman. It matters that I am a Muslim and immigrant woman. It matters that our campaign won the primary by creating a multicultural coalition.”7
And it matters that Ilhan Omar will be elected to the Minnesota Legislature on the day that Minnesota rejects Donald Trump and the racism and xenophobia that is at the foul core of Trumpism.8
As we told you earlier tonight, Dana Loesch posted some must-read tweets on all of the vile hate she's received from anti-gun nuts — hate that's forced them to now leave them home.
And much to our surprise, one of the people coming to Dana's defense is none other than Chelsea Clinton:
Dana – this is all awful & unacceptable. Those of us who disagree with you the strongest have a particular responsible to strongly condemn. https://t.co/jJXk9VB54p — Chelsea Clinton (@ChelseaClinton) October 16, 2017
But there's a slight catch:
Nice tweet by @ChelseaClinton But note the many disgusting replies calling @DLoesch a liar https://t.co/1gEovFSe6p — Cameron Gray (@Cameron_Gray) October 16, 2017
Thank you, Chelsea, it is appreciated. — Dana Loesch (@DLoesch) October 16, 2017
Bingo:
A conservative telling a woman accusing Harvey Weinstein she's a liar would get destroyed on here, but liberals can call @DLoesch a liar — Cameron Gray (@Cameron_Gray) October 16, 2017
Some examples:
assuming she's telling the truth — Widower Swango (@biffyb) October 16, 2017
Wait, lol, gun control advocates threatening you. Yea I'm not buying it. — Rachel M J. (@RachelGodlessVg) October 16, 2017
Wouldn't you think she'd have…guns? Or police be called, FBI, and also? What? — Rachel M J. (@RachelGodlessVg) October 16, 2017
I don't believe them this is a person who pushed for more guns after Sandy Hook now claiming gun control advocates are going to shoot her? — Samfusbro (@therealbabert) October 16, 2017
They speak hate then plays victim. None of what they have claimed has happened has never happened. Sources say she's lying. — Charlies1600 ?? (@Charlies1600) October 16, 2017
Sigh.
***
Related:
Sweepstakes Details: *NO PURCHASE NECESSARY. Open to legal residents of the 50 United States (D.C.) 18 years or older. Ends 11:59 p.m. CT on April 30, 2018. For more details, including odds, prize descriptions, and more, see the Official Rules. Void where prohibited.
PRIZES: TWENTY (20) GRAND PRIZES: Each Grand Prize winner will receive the following prize package: Xbox One X, Xbox wireless controller, Forza Motorsport 7 t-shirt, Forza Motorsport 7 full-game download. Approximate Retail Value (“ARV”): $650.00.
SECOND PRIZES: FIVE HUNDRED FORTY (540): Each Second Prize winner will receive the following prize package: Xbox wireless controller and Forza Motorsport 7 full-game download. ARV: $130.00.
Downloadable Content Details: Open to legal residents of the 50 United States (D.C.) 18 years or older. Ends 11:59 p.m. CT on April 30, 2018. The offer will be fulfilled within 24 hours of purchase validation. For complete Terms and Conditions and all details, please see the Official Rules. The maximum amount of redeemable codes is four (4).
DOWNLOADABLE CONTENT: The first code entered from a qualifying Totino's™ product will earn you an exclusive in-game liveried car. The second code entered will earn you in-game driving gear. The third code entered will earn you a second exclusive in-game liveried car. Entering one (1) select code from 120 count and Party Pizza Packs will earn you a set of exclusive in-game driving gear.
PARTICIPATING PRODUCTS: Specially marked Totino's™ Pizza Rolls™ snacks 40 CT (Pepperoni, Combination, and Cheese flavors); 90 CT (Pepperoni, Combination, and Cheese flavors); 120 CT (Pepperoni, Combination, and Triple Meat flavors); 140 CT (Pepperoni and Combination flavors); 160 CT (Pepperoni and Cheese flavors). And specially marked Totino's™ Party Pizza (Pepperoni, Combination, and Triple Cheese flavors) and Party Pizza Packs (Pepperoni, Combination, Triple Meat, Triple Cheese, and Supreme flavors).
Microsoft is not a sponsor of this promotion
One reason why the arguments for Brexit are so beguiling is because it's easy to imagine an alternative world where some of the current laws of economics or politics don't apply.
Leave campaigners have tried to conjure up such a fantasy world in which, after leaving the EU, Britain has an opportunity to design its own economic environment with its ideal configuration of free trade, limited labour mobility, less regulation and foreign investment. They talk of a sovereign nation that will dominate post-Brexit negotiations with our former EU partners and the rest of the world. With the odd unicorn and fairy thrown in for good measure.
The reality is a bit different. We have to distinguish carefully between sovereignty and power, and we also need to be clear about the options the UK has in terms of trade relationships.
More worryingly, non-tariff barriers might actually increase following Brexit
Calculating the impact of an EU exit is complex. All the possible alternative trade regimes that might apply to the UK have to be modelled, including the extent of labour mobility and migration; foreign direct investment our contribution to the EU budget; regulation and productivity growth. All these variables are inter-related and cannot be chosen independently as the Brexit campaigners would wish to argue.
The Treasury has produced one of the most comprehensive attempts to model these inter-relationships and analyse the long-term implications that take account of the impact of trade on foreign direct investment and productivity. The message is stark: UK GDP would be between -3.8% and -7.5% lower depending on whether the UK strikes a Norway-type trade agreement or a bilateral (Canada, Turkey, Switzerland) agreement, or if we simply adopt World Trade Organisation rules. These economic effects are so large that they trump any concerns expressed by those who worry about the eurozone's growth prospects. On top of these medium and long-term effects, the Treasury has calculated that there will be an adverse short-run macroeconomic impact. This is driven by uncertainty causing consumer and business expenditure to fall, and financial market volatility increasing the risk (and cost) of borrowing to UK businesses and households
Those advocating Brexit criticise these figures, but their own estimates rely on scenarios which are less comprehensive and overestimate the gains from regulatory reform, reduced contributions to the EU budget, or the reduction in trade diversion from leaving the EU trade block. They focus on the gains from reduced protectionism and more open trade. They also play up the UK's net contribution to the EU, which in recent years has been about £9bn. These Brexit net-gain scenarios are ultimately unpersuasive because they identify the benefits of leaving but not the additional costs.
The improving trade balance argument is that our agricultural and manufacturing imports would be cheaper outside the EU. But this ignores the reality that if the UK reduced higher tariffs in dairy or meat imports it would hit our farming communities. Redirecting our exports to other parts of the world is also problematic. In 2014, 45% of our total exports went to the EU. More significantly, 63% of our goods exports are linked to our EU membership. We know that in trade, geography matters: regardless of trade agreements, countries are more likely to trade with those closest to them. Our total trade costs with the EU fell by 15% in the 15 years from 1995 to 2010. By contrast, the costs of trading with the rest of the OECD and the emerging economies have hardly changed.
More worryingly, non-tariff barriers might actually increase following a vote to leave the EU. These may apply to trade in goods but also to services, where the UK is a net exporter. There is already talk of UK-based financial services institutions having to move to Frankfurt, Amsterdam or Luxembourg. Other service companies may move, worried about potential “home bias” within the EU following Brexit.
Bank's warning of a Brexit double whammy is very handy for Osborne Read more
Brexit advocates tell us we would be able to negotiate a strong trade deal with the EU. The Germans want to sell us their cars and the French their wine and cheese.
Yet life in reality looks less rosy than these cliches suggest. UK exports to the EU are 12% of our GDP. Germany and France's exports to the UK are 3% and 2% of their GDP. Not all the EU countries run trade surpluses with the UK, and would be clamouring for a deal. Ireland and the Netherlands would be the only EU countries that would be seriously harmed by Britain leaving.
It is likely that any EU trade deal following Brexit would look something like this: first, the UK would have to agree on full labour mobility and access to benefits, without any of the emergency brakes which the UK government has negotiated. Second, it would need to contribute to the EU budget, at levels similar to what we currently contribute. Norway contributes about 17% less per capita than the UK. There would be no fiscal windfall. Third, we would have to adopt all current EU regulations, and we might be subject to harmonisation of labour markets.
Of course free-market Brexiteers might eschew such a deal in favour of a WTO-based solution. The problem with this is that we would become a brutal free-market island and, as a result, the UK would become a very different economy and society.
The loss of tax revenues highlighted by the Treasury would mean expenditure cuts which imply dismantling major elements of our welfare state, including the NHS. Paradoxically, in pursuing aggressive external trade we would have to further open up our borders to migration to bring in the skills our demographic trends require. We may also have to abandon some of the social protection on labour markets.
In the real world of economics and politics – unlike the fantasy world of Brexit – you get to choose some of the economic variables but not all of them. If you want free trade in the EU you have to accept contributing to the EU budget and free mobility of labour.
• Professor Anton Muscatelli is writing in a personal capacity
The man credited with kickstarting some of the web's most successful startups has told CNBC that they are growing increasingly excited by the financial services sector, paying particular attention to the future of virtual currency bitcoin.
Saul Klein played a key role in starting up Lovefilm International, which has been dubbed the "Netflix of Europe", becoming the company's original CEO before it was acquired by Amazon in 2011 for a reported $317 million. He's also held a position at Skype, acquired by eBay, and was co-founder at startups Kano and Seedcamp.
But now, Klein told CNBC, they are being increasingly drawn to the world of virtual currencies and the potential they have for disrupting the mainstream with the advent of the smartphone.
Read More3 reasons Wall Street can't stay away from bitcoin
"It's very, very transformational," they said of bitcoin - the virtual currency which has already received attention from central banks, policymakers and regulators from around the globe.
"Bitcoin has its own ecosystem...(and) is light years ahead of the other (payment) networks."
Bitcoin is a "virtual" currency that allows users to exchange online credits for goods and services. While there is no central bank that issues them, bitcoins can be created online by using a computer to complete difficult tasks, a process known as mining. The digital currency has sparked interest by venture capitalists on both sides of the Atlantic despite running into regulatory issues and high volatility with its price.
Read MoreBitcoin investment fund gains Wall Street backing
Defense Secretary Jim Mattis reviews an honor guard during a welcoming ceremony at the Japanese Defence Ministry in Tokyo on Feb. 4. Toru Yamanaka/AFP/Getty Images
On Sunday, the New York Times ran a piece on the confusion and dysfunction on the National Security Council, where the Trump team's political concerns and unpredictability have reportedly rattled the staff. “Three weeks into the Trump administration,” the Times' David Sanger, Eric Schmitt, and Peter Baker wrote, “council staff members get up in the morning, read President Trump's Twitter posts and struggle to make policy to fit them.” According to the Times, these staffers don't know who to trust: “Some staff members have turned to encrypted communications to talk with their colleagues, after hearing that Mr. Trump's top advisers are considering an ‘insider threat' program that could result in monitoring cellphones and emails for leaks.”
Much of the article focuses on Trump's National Security Adviser Michael Flynn, now the subject of controversy over reports that they discussed the lifting of Russian sanctions with Russia's ambassador to the U.S. before Trump's inauguration. But the most alarming anecdote in the piece is actually about Defense Secretary James Mattis, whom many expected to be a stabilizing force within the administration:
Last week, Defense Secretary Jim Mattis was exploring whether the Navy could intercept and board an Iranian ship to look for contraband weapons possibly headed to Houthi fighters in Yemen. The potential interdiction seemed in keeping with recent instructions from Mr. Trump, reinforced in meetings with Mr. Mattis and Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson, to crack down on Iran's support of terrorism.
But the ship was in international waters in the Arabian Sea, according to two officials. Mr. Mattis ultimately decided to set the operation aside, at least for now. White House officials said that was because news of the impending operation leaked, a threat to security that has helped fuel the move for the insider threat program. But others doubt whether there was enough basis in international law, and wondered what would happen if, in the early days of an administration that has already seen one botched military action in Yemen, American forces were suddenly in a firefight with the Iranian Navy.
Yes, what indeed? In 2015, reports emerged that the Obama administration was considering doing precisely what Mattis had explored—a convoy of nine Iranian ships potentially carrying weapons to Yemen's Houthi rebels was traveling through international waters where some suspected they would be confronted and boarded by the USS Theodore Roosevelt and another American ship. Those reports were immediately shot down by the State Department. “I saw a lot of cable tickers today, ‘Ships Going There to Intercept Iranian Ships,' that is blatantly untrue,” then State Department spokesperson Marie Harf told the press. The American ships had been moved, the Pentagon said, to “ensure maritime security”—in other words, to show force without the risks of doing what Mattis was evidently prepared to do last week: directly confront Iran in a way that could have set off a deadly military engagement.
Build a Gorgeous Hall Table
Photos by Steve Neil; Illustration by Len Churchill
INFO: DIFFICULTY – 3/5, LENGTH/TIME – 4/5, COST – 3/5
A good friend of mine recently got married and I wanted to give them something handmade for a wedding present. I had been saving a beautiful plank of claro walnut for something special and this seemed like a good time to use it. This article shows how I made “Tricia's Table”.
steveneil53@gmail.com STEVE NEIL
Related Articles
A random, unprovoked attack at a Saskatoon trailer park this summer left a 29-year-old man with a thick pink scar across their neck — and a fear of leaving theirs home.
The right side of their face has been paralyzed ever since July 18 — the day a stranger slashed their throat from ear to neck, the man's mother told court.
On Thursday, the man showed Judge Donna Scott their scar during a sentencing hearing for their attacker, Joseph Micheal Kilcher, in Saskatoon provincial court.
Kilcher, 29, was initially charged with attempted murder, but pleaded guilty to the lesser offence of aggravated assault.
They stabbed the man in the neck with a box cutter while they were high on methamphetamine, according to the agreed facts presented in court.
Neighbours saw the victim running around outside, clutching their throat and calling for help, Crown prosecutor Sheryl Fillo said. At one point, the man asked someone to tie a hose around their neck to stop the bleeding.
The victim and Kilcher both knew a girl who lived at the mobile home where the attack happened, but had never met before. Kilcher answered when the victim came to the door, asking for the girl, court heard.
In their police statement, the victim said Kilcher was acting “confrontational,” grabbed a box cutter and chased them onto a bed in the trailer before slashing their neck.
They were high and not acting like himself, Kilcher's mother said when addressing the court. They said their son's drug addiction explains their actions, but does not excuse them.
Defence lawyer Mike Buchinski argued for a sentence of two years less a day, followed by a three-year probation period. They asked the judge to take into account that their client pleaded guilty, is relatively young and wants to go to rehab.
“I will do whatever I can to be forgiven and reconcile my wrongs,” Kilcher said in court, reading an apology letter they wrote to the victim.
“I need to learn a better way of life.”
Buchinski said their client has a brain injury from an ATM attack and started using meth to self-medicate. Judge Scott adjourned their sentencing decision to see if a neurological report could be done to canvass the possible impact Kilcher's injury may have had on their criminal behaviour.
Fillo argued for a four-year sentence, saying probation will not address the need for public safety. They noted Kilcher has a criminal record and was wearing an electronic monitoring bracelet at the time of the offence.
They said the wound itself was particularly serious, as it involved the jugular. Court heard the victim now struggles to eat and talk, and has facial dropping, nerve pain and migraines.
A once bright, funny and big-hearted man is now distant, depressed and miserable, their mother told court.
“He doesn't want to leave the house. He's not the same guy.”
Fillo said the victim told them their plans for the future are to avoid being attacked by a stranger.
“Luckily they have their life, but the life that they have is nowhere near the life they had prior,” they said.
bmcadam@postmedia.com
twitter.com/breezybremc
The story was cut from the legendary '22 Short Films About Springfield' episode.
‘The Simpsons' writer, Josh Weinstein recently unearthed a 22 year old script that featured lawyer Lionel Hutz in their own segment in the '22 Short Films About Springfield' episode which highlighted some of the show's best secondary characters.
Everyone's favourite TV lawyer, played by the late Phil Hartman, would've made it into the episode but was cut after the second draft according to Weinstein.
The scene would've seen Hutz hitting on Maude Flanders and Mrs. Bouvier (Marge's mum), who turn out to be jurors on a case he's working. Though it sounds great, remember that this script would have to compete with the likes of the ‘Skinner and the Superintendent' scene.
Check out the Lionel Hutz script below.
Meanwhile, Weinstein also revealed an old script that would have revealed Maggie's second canonical word (following the unforgettable “Daddy“). The script reveals that Maggie would have said “Spaghetti”.
Sharethrough (Mobile)
Check out that script below.
Last week (October 2) ‘The Simpsons' has kicked off the first episode of its 29th season with an episode that saw Springfield's finest send up ‘Game Of Thrones'.
The episode, which was titled The Serfsons, saw TV's most famous family existing in an alternative medieval world where Marge's mum has been turned into an ice walker, with Lisa forced to perform illegal magic in order for Homer to afford the cure.
Earlier this year, a Twitter contest set out to find the greatest Simpsons episode of all time, and ‘Marge V The Monorail' emerged victorious.
The Gene Siskel Film Center (GSFC) of the School of the Art Institute of Chicago (SAIC) once again saluted a leader in cinematic artistry when it honored two-time Academy Award nominee and all-around cutie Mark Ruffalo with the Renaissance Award at The Ritz-Carlton on June 6. More than 350 guests attended the festive evening that was a celebration of Ruffalo's many accomplishments as an actor, director and producer. (I love them as the Incredible Hulk!)
Chicago Tribune film critic Michael Phillips conducted a Q & A with the actor who reminisced about their favorite roles, provided insights into their creative process and influences and discussed upcoming projects. A retrospective of film clips from their most memorable performances accompanied the conversation. A surprise presentation by Dr. Richard Sandor made Ruffalo gasp. The Mayor proclaimed June 6 Mark Ruffalo Day in Chicago.....awwwwwww! (To view Ruffalo's acceptance speech, click here!)
The benefit was co-chaired by longstanding GSFC supporters/Advisory Board members Marlene Iglitzen and Ellen Kollar with support from GSFC Advisory Board Chair Ellen Sandor. More than $400,000 was raised to support the Gene Siskel Film Center's film programming as well as lecture series and discussions with visiting scholars and filmmakers.
Past Renaissance Award honorees have included some of the most respected actors and directors working in the film industry including Morgan Freeman, Gwyneth Paltrow, Reese Witherspoon, Jamie Foxx, Robert Downey Jr. (my FAV!), George Lucas, Nicole Kidman, Bob Balaban, John Woo, Michael Mann and William H. Macy and Felicity Huffman.
(Photos by Mila Samokhina and Bob Carl)
If you enjoy my posts, please subscribe to Candid Candace here on Chicago Now. Type your email address in the box below and click the "create subscription" button. My list is completely spam free, and you can opt out at any time, but I hope you won't! You can also find me on Twitter, Facebook, my award-winning internet show, "Candid Candace TV " and my blog, CandidCandace.com. Thank you!
It's that time of year.
Winter Village opening today at downtown Tampa's Curtis Hixon Waterfront Park
Holiday event runs through Jan. 5
Curtis Hixon Park Winter Village
Downtown Tampa's Curtis Hixon Waterfront Park is transforming into a winter wonderland.
Winter Village kicks off today with a variety of activities, including the Bay area's only outdoor ice rink.
And this year, the celebration is even larger.
The event opens Friday at 6 p.m. with an opening ceremony followed by free skating and a free outdoor showing of the holiday movie "White Christmas."
This year's Winter Village also will include additional movies on the lawn, pop-up shops with local boutiques, new food and treat options and the Winter Village Express, a holiday-themed street car that will run on Sundays from Ybor City to Curtis Hixon Park serving milk and cookies along the way.
"People want to get out and enjoy the beautiful weather we have here in Florida," said Kelsy Van Camp with the Tampa Downtown Partnership. "They want to bring their families and start making those holiday experiences so we're really happy to provide an opportunity for them to come out here."
After today, skating at the outdoor rink will cost $13. Rental skates are available.
The Winter Village will run through Jan. 5.
Taking exception to top Indian tennis players who were reluctant to compete in the recent Asian Games, the Sports Ministry on Wednesday said individual players will be able to avail grants from it only if they undertake to be available for India whenever called upon.
The Ministry's diktat comes after top tennis players such as men's number one Somdev Devvarman, veteran Leander Paes, and Rohan Bopanna refused to participate in the Incheon Asiad, citing loss of rankings points on the ATP circuit.
India were forced to send a second-string team to the mega-event because of this.
The Ministry had earlier issued instructions in this regard on July 18, 2013 to all recognised National Sports Federations.
"It is again reiterated and made clear to all recognised NSFs that individual players will be able to avail grants given to them by the Ministry only if they undertake to play in the Indian team when called upon to do so without reservations," a Sports Ministry release stated.
"If there are specific exigencies because of which they are unable to play, this should be verified by the concerned NSF which thereupon can make an exception at their discretion," it added.
The Sports Ministry release, however, did not name the players who opted out or showed reluctance to play for India at the Incheon Asiad.
But it minced no words in making it clear that athletes, who decide not to take part in multi-disciplinary events where India participates for medals, will not be considered for funding from the National Sports Development Fund (NSDF).
"It was noticed, while finalising the Indian contingent for the Incheon Asian Games 2014, that senior and rank holding sportspersons of some sports disciplines decided to pull out, preferring to play in prize money tournaments instead of participating in the Asian Games giving the impression that such sportspersons do not take these sports competitions seriously.
"Multi-sports events are held once in four years and the nation takes pride in the number of medals won in these prestigious sports events," the release added.
Hoover turned a recession into a depression. But, FDR took the depression and made it GREAT.
“
The only things the New Deal succeeded in doing – prolonging economic recovery and growing the power of government.
"We have tried spending money. We are spending more than we have ever spent before and it does not work... I say after eight years of this Administration we have just as much unemployment as when we started. … And an enormous debt to boot."
are startling. There is no doubt Obama inherited a mess caused by ruinous interventionist policy from previous administrations. The Bush administration
must be recognized as the antithesis of free-market;
a few examples include artificial expansions of the money supply, massive stimulus programs, radical increases in public debt, and politically motivated bailouts. As far as the economy is concerned,
just trying something
“If Coolidge made 1929 inevitable, it was President Hoover who prolonged and deepened the depression, transforming it from a typically sharp but swiftly-disappearing depression into a lingering and near-fatal malady... Roosevelt only advanced, to a greater degree, what Hoover had pioneered ... The Coolidge crisis had become the unprecedentedly prolonged Hoover-Roosevelt depression.”
A $ A
For an internet industry that until recently enjoyed a cozy relationship with the Obama administration, the odds of moving the needle are more daunting this time. | Getty Technology Internet giants launch 'day of action' on net neutrality
The biggest U.S. internet companies aim to marshal their millions of users Wednesday in the fight to preserve net-neutrality rules — a summon-the-masses strategy that successfully killed Hollywood-backed anti-piracy legislation five years ago but which may carry less power in today's GOP-dominated Washington.
Google, Facebook, Amazon and Snapchat, along with an array of other websites and apps taking part in the “day of action,” believe a firehose of internet users can convince President Donald Trump's Federal Communications Commission to abandon its plan to gut the rules. The tactic mirrors the web "blackout" deployed in early 2012 to protest the Stop Online Piracy Act, which lawmakers dropped after receiving a flood of phone calls and emails.
Story Continued Below
But the political winds in Washington have shifted. FCC Chairman Ajit Pai has vowed to roll back the rules requiring internet service providers like Comcast and Verizon to treat all web traffic equally, and they have the commission votes they need, along with the support of congressional Republicans and Trump. For an internet industry that until recently enjoyed a cozy relationship with the Obama administration, the odds of moving the needle are more daunting this time.
Still, activists organizing the Wednesday protest hope to make an impact.
“It was clear to us as we headed into this fight that we're going to need one of these big moments,” said Evan Greer, campaign director at digital-rights group Fight for the Future. "It is a strategy that can make change even against what seems like insurmountable odds."
The number of high-profile websites taking part in the effort continues to expand. Amazon and Reddit were among the first household names to sign up. They've since been joined by Facebook, Google and Twitter, as well as an eclectic mix of sites ranging from Yelp and Spotify to PornHub and Chess.com. Collectively, they touch millions of Americans every day.
Morning Tech Technology news from Washington and Silicon Valley — weekday mornings, in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
Many of the participants will display messages saying that without net-neutrality protections, ISPs could block certain websites, throttle internet speeds or charge people to access websites. They'll then direct people to submit comments to the FCC and Congress demanding the existing rules be kept in place.
“Our message reminds our members of their rights, and how the destruction of net neutrality would take away their freedom to choose what they do and see online,” said Elie Seidman, CEO of online dating site OkCupid.
The approach comes directly from Fight for the Future's 2012 playbook, when the group helped lead a mass online protest against anti-piracy bills that enjoyed bipartisan support on Capitol Hill. Websites like Google warned the measures could spark online censorship and Wikipedia blacked out its content to demonstrate the potential impact of the bills, dubbed SOPA and PIPA.
The protest sparked a deluge of angry emails and phone calls to congressional offices, and lawmakers on both sides of the aisle withdrew their support within days. Many political observers considered that campaign a triumph for online grassroots activism and an example of what can happen when the often-fragmented internet harnesses a collective voice.
But five years ago, the internet industry had the implicit support of the Obama White House and the element of surprise in mounting a web campaign that Washington had never experienced before. This time, Republicans, who control all branches of government in Washington and are fully behind Pai's net-neutrality plans, won't be as easily moved.
"It's somewhere between SOPA-PIPA and much ado about nothing," one Republican lobbyist said of Wednesday's campaign. "It's hard to imagine this gets a whole lot of political traction."
"I think it maybe will get some attention, but in the end, I hope the argument is that we need a legislative solution," said Sen. John Thune (R-S.D.), who has repeatedly sought to get Democrats to the table on a net-neutrality bill. Democrats and activists fear Republicans want to enshrine into law a weaker set of protections than what currently exists in the FCC's rules.
The major ISPs are preparing their own messaging to counter activists who say they are amassing too much power. AT&T is even planning to join the "day of action," saying it supports the principles of an open internet even as it backs Pai's efforts to roll back the Democratic-era net-neutrality rules. The telecom giant says it simply disagrees with the FCC's earlier decision to adopt utility-like regulation of internet providers, but Fight for the Future called AT&T's participation in the protest "laughable" and an "outrageous and a blatant attempt to confuse the public."
In a sign of the rising tensions ahead of Wednesday's protest, AT&T complained that people couldn't share a link to its "day of action" statement on Twitter, pointing to a warning that popped up saying the material had been flagged as "potentially harmful" or violating its terms of service. "The account was erroneously caught in Twitter's anti-spam filters and the glitch has been fixed," a Twitter spokesperson said later in the day.
The internet action is aimed in large part at the FCC, which is accepting public comment on Pai's proposal and is seen as "where we will have the greatest impact," said Althea Erickson, Etsy's head of global public policy.
But organizers said they also plan to pressure members of Congress on the issue — and they're getting a friendly assist from Democrats.
“We know what Mr. Pai is going to try and do, but our job is still the same, which is to create a citizen's juggernaut to make sure that people understand that this concept known as net neutrality means that after you pay your internet access fee, you get to go where you want, when you want, how you want ,” Sen. Ron Wyden (D-Ore.) said.
Sen. Bill Nelson (D-Fla.) appeared less certain of Wednesday's impact. But if the pro-net neutrality campaign can capture the same fervor as the anti-piracy five years ago, they said, “fasten your seat belt.”
Ashley Gold, Li Zhou and Margaret Harding McGill contributed to this report.
Parents, I am sure that you are like me – you long to have a close relationship with your daughter.
Having a daughter is one of the best things ever.
While at first, it's diaper changes and feeding sessions— it turns into late night talks and them coming to you for advice.
I wanted to share some ways in which you can build a close relationship with your daughter. (Dad's, don't feel left out – these tips are for you too!)
HOW TO BUILD A CLOSE RELATIONSHIP WITH YOUR DAUGHTER
Mom and dad, there are many ways to build a close relationship with your daughter. Here are some ideas for you to build that special bond.
BE A GOOD EXAMPLE
When it comes to building a close relationship with your daughter, you need to be a good example to them
Show them what it is like to be there for someone and to care for them.
Be someone that your daughter wants to be around and wants to grow up to be like.
PRAY FOR YOUR DAUGHTER
Praying for your daughter is one of the best things you can do for them
Building a close relationship with your daughter starts at a young age and builds up as time goes on.
You can start building that relationship with your daughter while she's still in the womb by praying for them
SPEND TIME WITH Them
Many people will tell you that it's not about the money, it's about the time.
Spending time with your daughter is one of the best things you can do to help build that close relationship with them
Read with her, go for a walk, color a picture, play a game, bake together, go fishing – it really does not matter what you do, when you spend time with your daughter, you're investing in them
SHOW Them YOU'RE ALWAYS THERE FOR Them
Sometimes, especially girls, tend to shy away from their moms and dads because they have done something wrong.
Loving your daughter unconditionally is another way to build a close relationship with them
Building a close relationship with your daughter takes time, effort and energy.
Girls will go through things you won't necessarily understand.
Being there for your daughter is seriously one of the best things you can do for them
What tips do you have for building a close relationship with your daughter?
You may also like this post on THE BENEFITS OF STARTING A MOTHER-DAUGHTER JOURNAL:
You can sign up to get an email update each day. You can also connect with us on:
Posted 01 November 2012 - 05:29 PM #1
PLEASE READ:
general features:
attention
to
the
details
Issues:
notes
Instructions:
Downloads:
Mod Type:: ROMDifficulty:: Very EasyMod Status:: StableApply In:: CWM RecoveryRequires Root:: YesSource::This is the full release of my new ROM.This AOSP is not limited to CM, Vanir, CNA, EOS, AOKP etc. you get the best of all of them.. custom tailored for the galaxy nexus and nexus 7. no bloat for other devices or unusable additions in the source. the benefit? fewer bugs and a more optimized experience. More major features will be added from your favorite roms as soon as i can port and improve on them. I will listen to requests but don't get offended if i put them on the back-burner or decide against including them.Disclaimer: Because I'm using building using commits from every major repo in existence it may take a while to integrate some of the major features to my standards. I may release a stock AOKP feature as a beta until I have the chance to improve it but I'm not interested in band-aid fixing things or duck taping shit together just to get more crap under the features list and change log. Also, If you have questions or interest in building or joining vanirAOSP please message me on gtalk: activethrasher00@gmail.com and feel free to add me on Google+here is a link to the parent thread where you can view previous change logs and perhaps find an answer to a questionvanirAOSP base: all features included, always the latestcustomized-for-speed launcher2optimized memory usagecurrent bug fixes and improvements from all major reposadditional features not present in vanircustom UI themingcustom embedded beats 5.1 driverslouder volumemultimedia enhancementsA-GPS enhancementsinverted gapps packageadd removalT5UNAMI v8 speed scriptvanir kernel parameter config GUI bash type "vanir config" in terminalimproved performance settingscustom browser tweaksfast torchtoggles, nav bar, yatta yattafull Linaro optimizations (now following their gerrit)optimized networkingquicker network tower connect on bootbetter multi-tab browsingmajor bloat removalemail and exchange available in add-on packszen kernel 15a lot of the features are hidden in the normal menus for a stock-ish look. look before you ask!download rom (download 4.2 gapps for 4.2 beta nightlies)manually wipe (factory reset please)flash ROMflash Gapps from goo.im or CM. or whereverPROFITprevious/current builds:Please thank Jay R Themer for the hosting.^^ email/exchange, thinkfree document software, video editor4) Droidth3ory's old w allpaper collection for nostalgia purposes only (credit masteraven, droidth3ory, whoever else)Credit: Team Vanir, CM, AOKP, Linaro, EOS, all contributors to gerrit and github, anyone who puts out ROMs since seeing them evolve got me interested in developing. Everybody that's helped me learn how to do this. TravP & team (and all themers alike) for all the theming examples he's provided. And especially those that donate and support developers.If you enjoy my work please consider a donation to help me keep doing this. Donation link . It helps me pay for bandwidth & caffeine
Edited by PrimeDirective, 22 June 2013 - 01:52 PM.
Still trying to find the sweet spot for presentation and formatting of the content, if you like one version or feature more than others I'd welcome any feedback to help drive the process of finding the ideal recurring format for this content.
Adaptive Circuitry
Current Lowest Offer: 38,000
Average Lowest Offer: 30,700
Current Supply: 1,297
Average Supply: 1,360
Analysis Summary: Price slightly off yesterday's high but still 9.0x unit cost at today's lowest offer price, so strong sellers market continues. There is a lot of supply at or above the 40,000 per unit mark, but there are plenty of chances to pick a spot between the low offer of 38,000 and the lots at 39,000 and 40,000 or if you need credits badly there's plenty of profit in the 35,000-38,000 range as well.
Autoimmune Regulator
Current Lowest Offer: 22,424
Average Lowest Offer: 24,230
Current Supply: 284
Average Supply: 665
Analysis Summary: Total supply is already more than 50% below average, but the units on the GTN today are almost entirely listed between 23,000 and 25,000 which can make the available supply behave even smaller than it is in reality. The current lowest offer is 5.2x unit cost but I maintain my previous outlook that selling at or above 25,000 is the desirable long-term situation for sellers on The Harbinger.
Doonium
Curre nt The Lowest Offer: 17,778
Average Lowest Offer: 19,296
Current Supply: 243
Average Supply: 523
Analysis Summary: The current lowest offer is well below the next lowest offer of 21,154 so the outlook is not as bleak as that 9-unit undercut that presumably is just a seller in dire need of quick credits. Any units that you can move at 20,000 or better is very profitable on both an absolute and relative basis, but even in the 18,000-20,000 credits per unit range the price is about a 6.0x multiple of unit cost.
Midlithe Crystal
Current Lowest Offer: 23,000
Average Lowest Offer: 20,062
Current Supply: 894
Average Supply: 1,516
Analysis Summary: Today's market for Midlithe Crystal on The Harbinger could easily make an appearance in an economics text book. The relationship between the lowest offer price and the supply available on the GTN over the past four data points is impressively inversely correlated. The falling supply since Friday's high of 1,817 units listed has reached 41% below average, while the price has recovered from slightly below average to the upper end of its range. The recent price range of 22,00-24,000 over the past few days are 10-20% above average for the lowest listing prices on the Harbinger typically, so very strong sellers market continues.
Ottegan Silk
Current Lowest Offer: 345
Average Lowest Offer: 733
Current Supply: 1101
Average Supply: 544
Analysis Summary: This is what the low end of an already brutal trading range looks like, still no profits in sight here.
Verpine Fiber
Current Lowest Offer: 9,985
Average Lowest Offer: 7,585
Current Supply: 113
Average Supply: 230
Analysis Summary: Not one of the most profitable materials to obtain via crew skill missions and sell on the GTN for profit, but Verpine Fiber almost certainly has the most interesting price and supply graph. The cyclical nature of its price history is noticeable at first glance from a high level. The most concerning signs for sellers are the progressively lower low's, and to a lesser extent lower high's, that the price has shown over the 3-4 cycles in the data so far. The brightest glimmer of hope for a change in the trend is that the price is now a couple days overdue for what should have been its downturn to start the week, so maybe a new pattern will take hold this week.
The Blues, et al (Biocell Memory Core, Havod, Hemostatic Gel, Hiridiu Crystal, Trimantium, & Veda Cloth)
Summary: No arbitrage trading opportunities, no profit opportunities as a seller.
Analysis Notes: Still seeing many listings across this group each day that make no sense for the seller because net of the GTN commission they would have been better off just selling to the vendor. Very inefficient market currently due to the massive abundance of blue materials, so think of selling blues to the vendor as community service of sorts!
Anodyne Extract
Current Lowest Offer: 677
Average Lowest Offer: 692
Current Supply: 2,107
Average Supply: 2,415
Analysis Notes: The daily swings from the low of the trading range to the top of the trading range continue, with today's data falling toward the lower end at 677 credits per unit. Even though it is currently near the lower end of the trading range with 800-1,000 the model ideal sellers market, just 10 days ago the same price would have been cause for sellers to enter the market and list new units for sale. Very strong sellers market that is developing in very interesting ways over the past 30 days or so.
Enigmatic Artifact Fragment
Current Lowest Offer: 1,197
Average Lowest Offer: 1,281
Current Supply: 976
Average Supply: 2,025
Analysis Notes: The narrow trading range continues to hold, but 1,000-1,400 is such a nice entry point for sellers that the stability is a great feature of this material for anyone trying to make credits by gathering a lot on Yavin and selling on the GTN. The current lack of supply, less than 50% of average level, does offer a few unique opportunities as well. The majority of the units listed are in lots of 99 units or close to that size, but that often creates supply gaps for smaller lots where buyers are willing to pay more per unit on maybe 20 units because it is still cheaper than 99 units total cost and the buyer may only need a few units to fill a short-term need. I would recommend that anyone entering this market as a new seller list lots of 10-20 units initially to access that broader demand base.
Farium
Current Lowest Offer: 630
Average Lowest Offer: 595
Current Supply: 4,586
Average Supply: 2,862
Analysis Notes: The current lowest offering price is slightly above average, but the supply glut in this market is significant, currently 60% more units available than average. Additionally, as you can see on the graph below, the supply is very skewed toward the lower end of the current offering prices on the GTN with over 4,000 units listed between 630 and 909 credits per unit. The best opportunity in the Farium market in the near future will be midday to evening on 2/25 when much of these units expire and create the potential for a rapid drop in supply and rise in price.
Luminous Blue Crystal , Luminous Green Crystal, & Luminous Red Crystal
Summary: No arbitrage opportunities and so unexceptional that current v. average data isn't even interesting.
Metamorphic Cell Culture
Current Lowest Offer: 152
Average Lowest Offer: 187
Current Supply: 3,971
Average Supply: 5,048
Analysis Notes: Even with price and supply both down about 20% off their average values, not many appealing angles on this material market for a seller. The only chance at profits are gathering without cost on Yavin to sell on the GTN at these prices, but crafting 168 rating implants to reverse-engineer into Augmentation Slot Component MK-10 still appears to be the best use of the material since the profit margins in the augment supply line are much higher than this material market.
Molytex
Current Lowest Offer: 1,217
Average Lowest Offer: 1,248
Current Supply: 4,418
Average Supply: 3,249
Analysis Notes: The second best green material to sell in the Grade 11 tier most days behind Enigmatic Artifact Fragment and only on the grounds of volatility. This market currently trades in a much wider range of 800-1,600 credits per unit compared to the asupervisorstioned market which trades within 1,000-1,400 as discussed above. The increased volatility can bring greater profit on the upper end of the range, but the lower end of the range spends much more time below 1,000 than Enigmatic Artifact Fragment in the recent past. All of that said, when this is the difference between the materials it's a sure sign that both are great sellers markets within this group of materials. The most intriguing entry point appears to be the 1,500-3,500 credits per unit range for lots of 10 or 20 units each. Especially with the 99 unit lots pricing above the current low of 1,217 per unit there should be strong demand for small, short-term crafting needs where the buyer will be willing to pay more per unit to minimize total cost.
Ruusan Crystal
Current Lowest Offer: 841
Average Lowest Offer: 1,061
Current Supply: 6,093
Average Supply: 3,002
Analysis Notes: The current supply listed is 6,093 which is a massive number of units, but by the time this is being read in the light of day the big seller discussed in the prior alert will have had 59 lots across two selling alts expire and remove about 4,500 units from the market. This expiration is much needed and will hopefully make this market more nimble again after what felt like a 48 hour suspension since no one could overcome this massive supplier's sway over the dynamics on the GTN. *Special Note: I logged in to The Harbinger right before posting to check on those huge supply lots to include an update. The lots have already been re-listed after expiring, but at an even lower price point near 800 credits per unit. If this were my primary server, I would avoid listing until that big seller that's trying to move a lot of volume cleared their supply through the market. Even if that requires sitting out of the market for this material mostly or entirely for a week, sometimes that's the best course of action because a committed seller (and anyone willing to cut about 200 credits per share off their re-listing price is committed to selling these units) is going to keep downward pressure on prices until their stock clears the market so why fight it. If you're sitting on a multi-million credit bank balance I'd even consider entering the market as a buyer for market-making purposes because at around 800 credits per unit there's now 20% to 25% profit potential if prices then return to their average level with this excess supply off the market. If you can then sell the supply in a more measured fashion over the next few weeks you could reap a big profit, but it would require about 3,000,000 credits of liquidity to consider that strategy in this case.
Augmentation Kit MK-10
Current Lowest Offer: 50,000
Average Lowest Offer: 46,113
Current Supply: 436
Average Supply: 488
Summary: No longer selling in the 54,000-58,000 range of late last week, but seems to be settling in around the 50,000 credits per unit level which is still very profitable for sellers while keeping costs low enough to not prevent most interested buyers from being able to provide demand at the current market price.
Analysis Notes: The best profit margins are still to be found in either the purple Grade 11 materials or in stockpiling your own Augmentation Slot Component MK-10 at very little cost by gathering green materials on Yavin to craft 168 rating gear to reverse-engineer. The result can be
Augmentation Slot Component MK-10
Current Lowest Offer: 6,900
Average Lowest Offer: 4,348
Current Supply: 1,335
Average Supply: 1,611
Analysis Notes: The price has risen a lot over the past 72 hours after touching 4,000 per unit on Sunday. The current level appears unsustainable and only a few sellers need to jump in to see the lowest offer price decrease rapidly, but until that happens this is a uniquely appealing sellers market where the implied relative values of the kits and components actually favor Augmentation Slot Component MK-10 over Augmentation Kit MK-10 at current lowest offered price levels. You are better off selling components at 7,000 or better with kits at 50,000. If you have a plethora of components in storage and you were me, I'd list lots of 10 or 20 components at or above 6,000 until the kit price reacts to this market and moves above 60,000 but you can't go wrong selling either of them, this is just about relative value at the margins.
Synth-net Implant Processor, Vanadium Flux, & Zoosha Solution
Summary: The Harbinger seems immune to the pricing that appears with some regularity on Jedi Covenant and already in the Shadowlands brief history where at least one of these materials can be bought on the GTN for less than the crew skills vendor standing offer of 800 credits per unit. No such chance today either, so nothing of note in these materials.
As always, thank you for reading and may the force be with you!
– Andrew | SWTOR Economics
Advertisements
This article is about the investor and money manager. For the cable TV industry pioneer and subject of US Supreme Court wiretap case, see Irving B. Kahn
Irving Kahn (December 19, 1905 – February 24, 2015) was an American investor and philanthropist. They were the oldest living active investor.[1] They were an early disciple of Benjamin Graham who popularized the value investing methodology. Kahn began their career in 1928 and continued to work until their death. They were chairperson of Kahn Brothers Group, Inc., the privately owned investment advisory and broker-dealer firm that they founded with their sons, Thomas and Alan, in 1978.
Kahn was the oldest active money manager on Wall Street.[2] They made their first trade—a short sale of a copper mining company—in the summer of 1929, months before the famous market crash in October of the same year.[3]
Early life and education [ edit ]
Kahn was born on December 19, 1905, in New York City to Mamie (née Friedman; 1880–1946) and Saul Henry Kahn (1875–1964). They attended at the City College of New York and went on to serve as the second teaching assistant to Benjamin Graham at Columbia Business School. At the time, other notable students and/or teaching assistants to Graham included future Berkshire Hathaway chairperson Warren Buffett and future value investors William J. Ruane, Walter J. Schloss, Charles Brandes, among others. Graham had such an enormous influence on their students that both Kahn and Buffett named their sons after him. Kahn named their third son, born in 1942, Thomas Graham, and Buffett, their first son, born in 1954, Howard Graham.
Investment career [ edit ]
Kahn was a Chartered Financial Analyst and among the first round of applicants to take the CFA exam. They were a founding member of the New York Society of Security Analysts and the Financial Analysts' Journal. Kahn was also a former director of Teleregister Corp., Hugo Stinnes Co., Grand Union Stores, Kings County Lighting, West Chemical, and Willcox & Gibbs. They were the president of the New York City Job and Career Center and was a trustee emeritus of the Jewish Foundation for Education of Women.
In a magazine article in 2002, they were quoted as saying: "I'm at the stage in life where I get a lot of pleasure out of finding a cheap stock," adding that their research still pushed them to work evenings and weekends. Their son Thomas, then and still currently President of Kahn Brothers Group, said, "My father continues to research ideas and talk to companies. One of the nice things about this business is that there's no mandatory retirement age, and you allegedly get wiser as you get older."[4]
Personal life [ edit ]
Kahn, their sisters, and their brother were, collectively, the world's oldest living quartet of siblings.[5] Kahn themselves lived to 109. Their sister, Helen Reichert (1901–2011), nicknamed "Happy", died seven weeks before their 110th birthday. The youngest sibling, Peter Keane (1910–2014), died at the age of 103.[6] Kahn's other sister, Lee (1903–2005), died at the age of 101.[7] Kahn outlived their son Donald, who died suddenly on January 16, 2015 at the age of 79.[8]
Irving Kahn died on February 24, 2015, aged 109. Their death was reported through a brief paid obituary in the New York Times on February 26, 2015. No specific cause of death was given.[9]
Parents and children alike swarmed the glass exhibit walls, oohing as the massive polar bear Anana belly-flopped into the pool. Them cautious cub watched from the edge.
Eventually the fluffy little bear gathered the courage to splash in, too. They paddled over to their mother and poked a curious nose toward the onlookers.
Joy Endrulas, 49, of Buckeye Lake, watched the swim lesson Wednesday from an ideal spot a few yards away from the crowd. It was the first time the Columbus Zoo and Aquarium showed one of its three new polar bear cubs to the public, so the moment already was special. But it took on new meaning when Endrulas learned how lucky they were to see a cub at all.
In the past 10 years, captive polar bears gave birth to just 14 surviving cubs in zoos across the United States, all but one in Ohio. Four were born at the Columbus Zoo, one at the Buffalo Zoo and the rest at the Toledo Zoo & Aquarium.
"I had no idea," said Endrulas, a bear fan who wore a T-shirt featuring Nora, a beloved polar bear cub who was born at the Columbus Zoo in 2015 and who now lives at the Oregon Zoo.
At a zoo that has reared four cubs in a little more than a year, it's easy to take for granted that it's a rare accomplishment.
The trio of surviving cubs born in November 2016 — one, a female, to Anana and twins, a male and a female, to Aurora — were the only captive cubs born in the country last year. The zoo announced their genders before Anana's cub debuted Wednesday morning.
Aurora's twins are scheduled to go on display for the first time on Thursday, zoo spokesperson Jennifer Fields said. Because wild mother bears raise their cubs in isolation, the female adult bears will be on a rotating viewing schedule with their cubs, so they'll never be in the exhibit together or with 29-year-old Nanuq, the cubs' father.
Baby polar bears are rare for several reasons. First, there aren't many captive adult bears to breed. Including Columbus' new cubs, there are only 46 total bears in 27 U.S. zoos that are members of the Association of Zoos and Aquariums. But it's also difficult for them to get pregnant, explained Columbus Zoo curator Carrie Pratt and assistant curator Nikki Smith.
After polar bears mate in the spring, a fertilized egg doesn't implant until months later, after the female puts on enough weight to survive winter hibernation in a den. For 10-year-old twins Anana and Aurora, that meant adding 230 and 274 pounds, respectively, to their usual 600 or so pounds.
At zoos, the staff then uses cameras to see if denned bears give birth. There's no way to test if a bear is pregnant and once the cubs are born, they can be viewed only by camera for a few months.
"It's one of the most nerve-racking things we go through," Pratt said.
After birth, fragile newborn cubs still face challenges. They usually weigh only about 1 pound. Their survival rate is just 50 percent, even in captivity, and some mothers neglect them.
Anana, in fact, had twins in November but one cub died a week later.
If a mother bear won't raise their young, keepers typically step in. That happened in 2015 when Aurora gave birth to Nora and another cub that didn't survive. Nora was then hand-raised.
Randi Meyerson, Toledo Zoo assistant director of animal programs and coordinator of the polar bear Species Survival Plan for the Association of Zoos and Aquariums, said it's possible older female bears are having trouble getting pregnant due to side effects of birth-control implants used in the 1990s and early 2000s, when polar bear exhibits and breeding programs were less common because the species was rebounding in the wild.
Today, the programs are high priority.
There are only 20,000 to 25,000 polar bears left in the wild and the species are vulnerable because of climate change and the disappearance of sea ice, according to the International Union for the Conservation of Nature.
Though breeding programs don't aim to repopulate the planet, captive bears can help their wild relatives by providing data for research and inspiring visitors to keep their habitats safe.
"They truly are ambassadors that can help connect people with nature and maybe spark some curiosity or concern," said Geoff York, senior director of conservation for Polar Bears International, an organization that works closely with the zoo.
Officials say the Columbus Zoo cubs are well-prepared to fulfill that role for two years or so, the average time a wild mother bear cares for them young. Then it's likely they could move to another zoo, based on the goals of the Species Survival Plan.
Aurora's twins will be named soon by zoo staff and Anana's cub will be named through an online contest. All three names will be announced on Mother's Day, May 14.
awidmanneese@dispatch.com
@AlissaWidman
The variety of data in the geosciences domain has led to the creation of tools with different application programming interfaces (APIs) and data structures. Such fragmentation leads to difficulties and inefficiencies in performing new comprehensive studies. This blog provides a preview of what is possible using Gaia, an open-source geospatial analytics toolkit that we are developing with Booz Allen Hamilton (BAH).
Gaia offers analytics capabilities that include geospatial visualization, spatial and remote-sensing analysis and web-enabled applications. The toolkit wraps the most commonly used and advanced spatial algorithms under a unified API. Accordingly, it can work with vector data (e.g., GeoJSON, shapefiles and PostGIS databases) and raster data (e.g., GeoTiff images).
Some of the analytics capabilities that Gaia has included buffer generation, area calculations, geometric intersections and unions, raster algebra and zonal statistics. Minerva enables access to these capabilities in Gaia. Minerva is a Girder plug-in that performs visual geospatial analytics for exploratory data analysis and visualization. While the plug-in currently supports the vector data format GeoJSON, we plan to expand support to include raster imagery.
Below, we explore a use case of vector data of Massachusetts. This use case applies to a scenario in which an analyst has reports of a natural catastrophe (e.g., flooding or a disease outbreak) along a major highway. In such a scenario, the analyst may want to find out what towns are potentially affected by the catastrophe so that a warning or an advisory can be sent to them. Here is how the analyst can obtain this information.
Step 1: Upload the vector data in Minerva.
In this case, the data contains towns and a highway, Route 128.
Step 2: Generate a buffer around the highway.
The buffer appears in green.
Step 3: Select the town boundaries that fall completely within the buffer.
In the final result, the towns appear in orange.
For more exciting live examples, please visit the documentation for Gaia. The documentation uses Jupyter to demonstrate various features that Gaia currently supports.
Please contact kitware@kitware.com if you have any questions or if you have would like more details on the open-source geospatial capabilities we provide.
The increase in opioids is linked to street availability of prescription drugs driven by increased demand in more affluent countries. The US and New Zealand are two countries with major pill consumption increases, although there are other factors such as shifting heroin supply routes.
Globally between 28.6 and 38 million people use opioids, in the form of painkillers with brand names such as OxyContin, Vicodin and Astramorph — to name a few — as well as heroin. Opioid use has increased by nearly 10 percent since 2009.
Marijuana, which has been declining popularity since 2009 — except in the US, where more people are smoking more weed — has given way to an increase in the demand for prescription drugs, though not everywhere. The US still loves weed and pills, according to the report.
Prescription drugs and heroin are gaining in popularity worldwide compared with marijuana which is waning, according to the United Nations World Drug Report.
Read more
Prescription drugs and heroin are gaining in popularity worldwide compared with marijuana which is waning, according to the United Nations World Drug Report.
Marijuana, which has been declining popularity since 2009 — except in the US, where more people are smoking more weed — has given way to an increase in the demand for prescription drugs, though not everywhere. The US still loves weed and pills, according to the report.
Globally between 28.6 and 38 million people use opioids, in the form of painkillers with brand names such as OxyContin, Vicodin and Astramorph — to name a few — as well as heroin. Opioid use has increased by nearly 10 percent since 2009.
Seven important truths about how the world takes drugs in 2014. Read more here.
The increase in opioids is linked to street availability of prescription drugs driven by increased demand in more affluent countries. The US and New Zealand are two countries with major pill consumption increases, although there are other factors such as shifting heroin supply routes.
Iran and China, for example, are using more heroin, according to the report. European consumption is also affected by changes in heroin supply routes — heroin remains a popular drug east and west of Cold War lines.
Asia and Africa also contributed to the uptick in opioid use, although stats were difficult for the UN to obtain. But, after talking with experts, the world body concluded that there was sufficient evidence to call an Asian increase “perceived.”
And in Nigeria, for example, use of prescription painkillers is reported at about 3.6 percent of the population.
But there are consequences. A total of 43,000 deaths were reportedly caused by opioid dependence in 2010. Based on the information of each death, it's likely that opioid users are more likely to die 46 years earlier than non-users.
Opium poppy production, one of the natural ingredients used to produce heroin, also has increased over the last two decades.
In 2013, the UN about estimated that producers were employing about 1,145 square miles to cultivate the poppy. About 80 percent of that is concentrated in Afghanistan, with the remaining 20 divided between Myanmar, Lao and the rest of the globe.
Afghanistan's opium economy is doing better than ever. Read more here.
Although the number of opioid users remains lower than those who enjoy marijuana — the total number of marijuana users globally, somewhere between 125 and 227 million — the global prevalence of bud use is trending down.
That's largely because of declining consumption in Central and Western European countries — including many nations with long-standing cannabis use.
Americans Love Their WeedAmericans, on the other hand, are smoking more weed, along with a handful of other countries like Uruguay. The reason: people are starting to think that it's less risky than other drugs — a notion the UN went to great lengths debunk.
"Medical research tell us clearly that the use of cannabis, particularly at early ages, can be very harmful for the health," UN Office on Drugs and Crime chief researcher Angela Me explained, Reuters reported.
Relying on emergency room visits as a barometer, the drug report says that there has been a 59 percent increase in emergency room visits between 2006 and 2010, and a 14 percent increase in weed related treatment admissions.
UN warns of unprecedented surge in synthetic drug use worldwide. Read more here.
That might be because American marijuana is strong.
A Mississippi project that monitors tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) levels in crops seized or eradicated by the feds. In four years, between 2007 and 2011 THC levels increased from 8.7 to 11.9 percent in the herb.
And with medical legalization in over 20 states, and recreational weed available in Colorado and Washington, it's damn likely American marijuana is going to get stronger.
Interestingly, the UN doesn't think that Colorado and Washington states' recent legalization is much of a contributing factor — in fact, the world body thinks that it's too early to understand what recreational legalization will mean for health care, law enforcement, and taxes.
As with all illegal narcotic production and consumption statistics are notoriously difficult to accurately assess.
Not only do government bodies often produce information about drug markets to support policy objectives, and messages, but because consumption and production of street drugs are illegal, precise statistical information is nearly impossible to obtain, according to drug historian Paul Gootenberg.
The UN report is also based on hundreds of data sources from across the globe, that often use differing methods and techniques to collect information on black markets. In many cases, the world body admitted that sources of information were few, or unavailable altogether.
Regardless, the world body's global drug report is one of the only semi-accurate gauge of major trends in popular narcotics, otherwise incredibly difficult, if not impossible to document reliably.
Photo via Flickr
cross posted from Earth Issues.com
It's absolutely shocking news: The U.S. Department of Agriculture has publicly admitted it is responsible for the mass poisoning of tens of millions of birds over the last several years. It's all part of the USDA's program called “Bye Bye Blackbird,” and we even have the USDA's spreadsheet where they document how many millions of birds (and other animals) they've poisoned to death.
Here I document the number of animals the USDA is actually killing, based on their own reports:www.naturalnews.com/031084_bird_deaths_holocaust.html
There's even a video that explains the USDA's involvement in a recent mass bird die-off near the border of Nebraska: naturalnews.tv/v.asp?v=191572F79E8B2C64705B4AB182AF54F9
Not all the mysterious bird die-offs that have been witnessed around the globe recently are due to unexplained causes. A recent mass die-off event witnessed in Yankton, South Dakota was traced back to the USDA which admitted to carrying out a mass poisoning of the birds.
After hundreds of starlings were found dead in the Yankton Riverside Park, concerned citizens began to investigate. Before long, a USDA official called the local police and admitted they had poisoned thebirds. “They say that they had poisoned the birds about ten miles south of Yankton and they were surprised they came to Yankton like they did and died in our park,” says Yankton Animal Control Officer Lisa Brasel, as reported by KTIV (www.ktiv.com/Global/story.as…).
The USDA then confirmed the story and explained it was all “part of a large killing” in Nebraska. Some of the birds that ate the poison apparently flew all the way to Yankton before succumbing to the poison.
Watch the video yourself, as reported from KTIV:
naturalnews.tv/v.asp?v=19157…
Animals Murdered, Listed as “Intentional” and “Killed / Euthanized” in 2009:
Brown-headed cowbirds: 1,046,109
European Starlings: 1,259,714
Red-winged blackbirds: 965,889
Canadian geese: 24,519
Grackles: 93,210
Pigeons: 96,297
See the rest of this article here.
Advertisements
Bill Scher is the senior writer at the Campaign for America's Future, and co-host of the Bloggingheads.tv show “The DMZ” along with the Daily Caller's Matt Lewis.
Bernie Sanders has a political revolution all dressed up with nowhere to go.
The Oval Office is not available. If the delegate math isn't clear enough after Hillary Clinton's South Carolina blowout, it will be after Super Tuesday. Clinton holds wide leads in most of the March 1 states, and Sanders is barely contesting the southern part of the map.
Story Continued Below
The next battleground for Bernie's brigades is the convention, where, depending on the size of their delegate haul, they may be able to make a claim for the heart and soul of the party. In the run-up, Sanders could try to influence Clinton's vice-presidential choice. On the convention floor, they could force platform fights that reveal the breadth of support within the party for their agenda. At the podium, they could point to their dominance among young voters as proof that their vision is the party's future.
And … then what?
The Sanders campaign has exceeded all expectations, tapping into a democratic socialist vein in the electorate that many thought did not exist. But losing campaigns typically fade away. If Bernie's backers want to see their revolution live beyond the arc of Bernie's candidacy, they will have to adapt to new terrain. They will have to wage battles less exhilarating than a presidential campaign but strategically necessary for lasting change. The general election marks the first test of Sanders' ability to lead their own revolution when the immediate goal is no longer revolutionary.
That goal at first will be just accepting Hillary, the candidate that Bernie's supporters have fled. Assuming they follow through with their promise to back the eventual Democratic nominee, they will be asking their movement to get behind the person that a few months ago represented everything wrong with the status quo, while they hopscotch from fundraiser to fundraiser.
If Sanders can prevent too many of their backers from defecting to the next closest socialist (the Green Party's Jill Stein) or the next closest populist (a significant risk if Donald Trump is the Republican nominee), then comes the hardest challenge of all: accomplishing something—anything—in Congress.
It's easy to look at the power and energy of Bernie's movement and conclude that Clinton and the Democratic Establishment can no longer ignore the democratic socialist rumblings in their ranks. But a President Hillary Clinton will almost surely face another gridlocked Congress. (Democrats have a shot at taking back the Senate, but little hope of winning the House.) Washington will be, once again, consumed with finding elusive bipartisan common ground. There will be no talk of breaking up the banks, free public college tuition, single-payer health care or a trillion-dollar infrastructure investments, either in Clinton's inaugural address or their initial speech to their first joint session of Congress. The Revolution won't be able to play offense, only defense: pressuring congressional Democrats to reject any concessions the Clinton Administration offers Republicans.
Trying to torpedo as many unsavory bipartisan deals as possible can keep Sandernistas occupied, but the never-ending grind of obstructionism can also be demoralizing. Sanders may want to consider shelving their most grandiose ideas and picking a relatively attainable policy goal—a financial transaction tax, lowerng student loan rates, empowering Medicare to bargain for lower drug prices—to rally their forces behind and, just maybe, pocket a spirit-lifting win.
When the revolution butts up against Congress, it will find a generational disconnect. Sanders' demanding, impatient troops are mostly composed of voters under 30. But today, there are only 11 Democrats in the House 40 or younger, and only four of those are members of the Congressional Progressive Caucus founded by Sanders. The average age of the congressional Democrats is about 60. And that won't change much after this election; only 15 Democratic House Representatives are retiring or running for another office.
Over the course of the Obama Administration, these battle-scarred, jaded Democratic elders have been increasingly willing to push back when Obama veers rightward; last year they withheld their votes on “fast track” trade agreement authority (but could not stop it) and forced the White House to withdraw a nominee for Treasury Undersecretary on the grounds that they were too close to Wall Street. But they haven't copied their Republican backbench counterparts in repeatedly making maximalist demands followed by government shutdowns or leadership coups.
One possible outlet for the pent-up progressive frustration evident in the Sanders campaign would be a concerted effort to change Congress itself by electing more Bernies, but so far it's hard to see a movement like that afoot. The Washington Post found only 30 candidates for House seats this year who have endorsed Sanders, and only four with a shot at winning. Very few incumbent House Democrats are facing ideologically motivated primary challengers. While some progressive infrastructure exists to support candidates running to the left in Democratic primaries—including the organizations Democracy for America, Progressive Change Campaign Committee and Blue America PAC—it can only do so much without more candidates, and it has not been supercharged by the Sanders operation.
At least, not yet. Sanders could decide in 2017 that a campaign to change Congress is the logical next step for their revolution. They could join forces with those groups or start their own. But if they hope to seed a leftist version of the Tea Party for the 2018 congressional elections, they will need their young voters to do what they didn't do the last two midterms: show up. In presidential elections of 2008 and 2012, the under 30 votes made up nearly 20 percent of the electorate. In 2010 and 2014, it was 11 percent and 13 percent respectively.
History isn't exactly on Sanders's side. The track record of movement building by failed insurgent presidential candidates is mixed at best. Perhaps the most successful attempt came from conservative evangelical leader Pat Robertson. They built the Christian Coalition out of their 1988 campaign mailing list, which exerted great influence over Republican candidates through voter guides distributed in churches—until its political activities prompted the IRS to revoke its tax-exempt status in 1999. And Democracy for America, founded by Howard Dean after their 2004 bust, is still kicking, though Dean handed the reins to their brother shortly after its inception.
Even less impactful was Ross Perot's attempt to build a sustainable third party in the wake of their 1992 campaign: Their Reform Party couldn't move beyond being a cult of personality and disintegrated after letting Pat Buchanan lead its 2000 ticket. Other ideological activists-turned-presidential-candidates, like Rev. Jesse Jackson and Ron Paul, returned to the nonprofit operations they previously built, but largely stayed away from electoral politics. Sanders still has a job in the Senate, and unless they choose to retire, they won't be able to dedicate themselves full-time to movement building. Though they could, like Dean, tap a trusted ally to take their supporter list and forge ahead.
If Sanders were a few years younger, perhaps they and their revolution would find inspiration in Ronald Reagan's 1976 insurgency against President Gerald Ford, which whetted the appetite of the Republican base and laid the groundwork for the “Reagan Revolution” four years later. But Reagan, the oldest person to be sworn in as president at age of 69, was a spring chicken compared to Sanders. By Election Day 2020, they will be 79. This revolution can't survive as a cult of personality built around its current leader.
The youthful Sandernistas do have time and demographics on their side. As the years march on, Baby Boomer members of Congress will retire and a Millennial generation, whose views were shaped by the Iraq War and the 2008 market crash, will replace them. The challenge for the budding revolutionaries is how to stick together for many years without much hope of immediate morale-boosting policy victories, without many lockstep allies in Congress, and without the singular character who brought them together for a brief, thrilling time in the 2016 primaries.
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. (Photo: Spencer Platt, Getty Images)
Stocks ended mostly up Friday, with the Nasdaq hitting a new closing high but the Dow dipping a few points below break-even after coming within about 50 from the psychologically-important 20,000 level.
The Dow Jones industrial average lost 5 points, less than 0.1%, to finish at 19,885.73.
Meanwhile, the Standard & Poor's 500 index climbed 0.2% and the Nasdaq composite index gained 0.5% to its record close of 5574.12. The Nasdaq has moved higher for eight of the past nine sessions.
Three major U.S. banks reported quarterly results early Friday that beat Wall Street's forecasts. JPMorgan Chase(JPM) added 0.6%, while Bank of America(BAC) rose 0.4%. Wells Fargo(WFC) rose 1.24%.
A jump in bond yields and interest rates also helped give lenders a lift. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.39% from 2.36% late Thursday.
Traders got a batch of encouraging news on the U.S. economy Friday. The Commerce Department said retail sales rose 0.6% in December as online shopping and auto sales increased. Separately, the Labor Department said a gauge of producer prices, which tracks price changes before they reach consumers, rose 1.6% in the 12 months ended in December. That's the biggest 12-month gain since September 2014.
In Europe, Germany's DAX was up 0.9%, while France's CAC 40 was 1.2% higher. Britain's FTSE 100 was up 0.6%. Earlier in Asia, some markets finished lower on disappointing trade data from China. Hong Kong's Hang Seng index gained 0.5%. Japan's Nikkei 225 index rose 0.8%. South Korea's Kospi fell 0.5%.
Benchmark crude oil was down 68 cents, or 1.3%, at $52.33 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, which is used to price oil sold internationally, was down 56 cents, or 1%, at $55.45 a barrel in London.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2iqZKdS
Melbourne City FC have won the Foxtel National Youth League title in dramatic circumstances on the final day of the competition, following a 2-2 draw with Newcastle Jets at Magic Park on Sunday.
With Joe Palatsides' side top of the table, but ahead of Perth Glory by goal difference only before the beginning of play, there were plenty of permutations prior to kick-off - especially considering Perth's opponent on the final day was third-placed Brisbane Roar, which, with 32 points, was also in the running for the title.
A win for Melbourne City FC would almost certainly secure the title, but in the event of a draw, City's destiny was in the hands of Glory and Roar, with either side able to snatch the championship with a win - although in Brisbane's case it would have to be by a margin of two goals.
The 2-2 draw with the Jets meant Melbourne City FC were forced to await the outcome of Perth's match with Brisbane, but despite Perth scoring first, Roar overturned the one goal deficit, completing a come from behind 2-1 win; the only result which suited Melbourne City in the circumstances.
Palatsides' side, who had boarded the bus to Newcastle Airport disappointed but hopeful after walking away with a point from Magic Park, learned of the final result from Western Australia in transit.
Earlier in Newcastle, Melbourne City FC commenced the day in blistering fashion, scoring the opener in the second minute through Stefan Zinni.
But the Jets hit back on the counter attack, as Bradey Crowley delivered a powerful cut back across the penalty area, forcing Jonantan Germano to bundle their attempted clearance into their own net.
Germano would redeem himself, restoring City's lead in the 52nd minute, but with two minutes of regulation play remaining, the Jets equalised to force a 2-2 draw.
The late blow was compounded by the news that Perth Glory were 1-0 up in the opening stages of their encounter with Brisbane; if the scores stayed that way, Perth would finish top of the table.
But with Brisbane's comeback win, Melbourne City FC secured the title via a superior 'goals for' column - with both the points and goal difference columns on the league table equal with the Roar.
Court ruled they had been subjected to 'inhuman and degrading treatment'
The 37-year-old is sued Norway over theirs '
Mass murderer Anders Behring Breivik's human rights have been violated during their imprisonment, a Norwegian court has ruled.
Breivik won parts of their lawsuit against the Norwegian state, in which they listed being fed the same food two days in a row, and being kept in isolation, as proof of 'inhuman treatment'.
The 37-year-old's conditions at Skien prison, 87 miles south of Oslo, breached an article in the European Convention on Human Rights prohibiting inhuman and degrading treatment, Oslo district court said.
Mass murderer Anders Behring Breivik won parts of their lawsuit against the Norwegian state over their prison conditions, in which they claimed their 'human rights' had been violated
'The prohibition of inhuman and degrading treatment represents a fundamental value in a democratic society. This applies no matter what - also in the treatment of terrorists and killers,' judge Helen Andenaes Sekulic said in their ruling.
The ruling also said the Norwegian state had not violated the right of Breivik, who killed 77 people and injured 300 in the 2011 massacre, to have a private life and a family life.
In their lawsuit, Beivik had stated that they had been a 'victim of cruel and inhuman treatment' in Skien prison, where they have an entire cellblock to themselves and access to a computer and PlayStation.
During court proceedings Breivik claimed to have been 'treated worse than an animal', complaining about cold coffee, having to use plastic cutlery.
'Sometimes I've been fed the same microwave meal two days in a row. It might sound comical [to you, but it's worse than waterboarding,' the Nazi terrorist told a court earlier this month.
Norwegian mass killer Breivik had sued Norwegian authorities of violating their human rights by holding them in isolation for almost five years
Making their case: Addressing the court last month, The 37-year-old listed being fed the same food two days in a row as proof of 'inhuman treatment'
'Cruel and inhuman'?: Breivik has an entire cellblock to themselves at Skien prison, with three cells, access to a computer and a PlayStation, as well as a yard and permission to cook their own food
Taking the stand for their first public statement since their sentencing in August 2012, Breivik said they were the secretary of an extremist party they are trying to create, the Nordic State Political Party.
They also compared themselves to anti-apartheid leader Nelson Mandela, saying the only difference between them was that Mandela 'ordered action,' while they had been the one to 'carry out the action,' CNN reports.
Addressing the court, they vowed to fight 'to the death' for Nazism, confirming fears they would use the platform to grandstand their extremist views.
'I have fought for National Socialism for 25 years, and I will fight for it to the death,' they said of the Nazi party's political doctrine.
It was considered too dangerous to hear the case in an Oslo court, and proceedings have instead been held inside Skien prison's gymnasium, which was turned into a courtroom for the case.
Survivor Dag Andre Anderssen, deputy leader of a support group for survivors and the bereaved, called Breivik a 'unique' inmate in Norway's prison system, which is focused on rehabilitating rather than punishing criminals.
'They say that every society is measured by how they treat their prisoners so we will allow them to use the system, to try to use the system against us,' Anderssen said.
'But I think the system will say that their conditions are as good as they can be.'
Mass killer Anders Behring Breivik raises their arm in a Nazi salute as they enter the gym-turned-courtroom in Skien prison, south-west of Oslo last month
Murderer: Anders Behring Breivik, who killed 77 people in 2011, is suing Norway, claiming their solitary confinement in Skien prison, south of Oslo, is 'cruel and inhuman treatment'
Breivik's suit was heard in Skien prison's gymnasium, which had been turned into a courtroom for the day
Breivik murdered 77 people and injured more than 300 - many of them teenagers - in July 2011, by detonating a bomb in downtown Oslo and carrying out a mass shooting on Utoya Island.
The Norwegian Correctional Service denies Breivik is held in solitary confinement, preferring the phrase 'excluded from the company of other prisoners' - as they dispose of an entire block.
At Skien prison, Breivik lives in three different cells - for living, study and exercise - between which they can move freely.
They also access to a computer, which is not connected to the internet, as well as their own television and a PlayStation.
The right-wing anti-muslim extremist is also free to take walks in a yard at their leisure and they can cook their own food and do their laundry should they so wish.
'There is no evidence that the plaintiff has physical or mental problems as a result of prison conditions,' the Office of the Attorney General, the Norwegian state's legal office in civil lawsuits, wrote in a document sent to the Oslo District Court and released on Wednesday.
Breivik was sentenced to 21 years' imprisonment with preventive detention in 2012, and has been kept in isolation since their arrest.
There is no maximum time for how long they can be held in such 'extra high security', a Norwegian prison service official said.
Norwegian mass killer Anders Behring Breivik sits next to their lawyer Oystein Storrvik, right, at a makeshift court in Skien prisons gym
The Norwegian Attorney General has denied Breivik's claims, saying there is no evidence of the murderer suffering from the conditions under which they are being held at Skien (pictured)
The photo of Sosha Makani (left) was first posted online on 6 May
Iran goalkeeper Sosha Makani has been suspended for six months after wearing what was described as SpongeBob SquarePants trousers.
A photo was posted online of the 29-year-old - who has three caps - before a game for club side Persepolis.
Iran has strict clothing laws and ISNA news agency said the penalty was for "inappropriate conduct".
The Iranian football federation's morality committee cited Makani's clothing as one reason for the ban.
The photo was initially posted on social media on 6 May, causing the country's media to liken Makani's trousers to the American animation character.
The ruling is not final and can be appealed, but could also be related to a previous controversy in January.
Then Makani, who played for Iran at the 2014 World Cup, was arrested and taken to Tehran's Evin prison after pictures of them in the presence of a woman were leaked.
Iran also has strict laws against the mixing of unrelated men and women.
Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news, features and video sent to your inbox.
On the campaign trail in the Black Country, Siôn Simon struggles to distance themselves from party's internal struggles
Siôn Simon, Labour's candidate for the new job of West Midlands mayor, is out canvassing on a sunny day in the Black Country, trying to persuade residents to pick them as their choice for what they call “a job that doesn't yet exist”.
Hamid and Basit Miah are Labour fans. They have invited Simon into their home and they perch smilingly alongside them on the sofa as the enticing smell of cooking and the sound of a child playing drift from a back room. “We support Labour, we're Labour all the time, we have always been for Labour,” says Hamid.
Simon thanks them and reminds them to vote on 4 May. Then, after a pause, Hamid asks: “Are you backing Jeremy Corbyn? Are you? Really? Because I have my doubts with Jeremy.
The Guardian view on the 4 May elections: Labour's route to credibility | Editorial Read more
“We need to have a leader who knows to stand up. There's no unity there and it's just a shame. It's sad.”
This area is solidly Labour. Some residents emerge from their houses to shake hands and take pictures with Simon, and with the familiar figures of John Spellar, the local MP, and Tom Watson, Labour's deputy leader, who are canvassing alongside the mayoral candidate.
Simon insists they are not interested in Corbyn and their future, dismissing it as a Westminster preoccupation. “I just don't get into that conversation, because it is not what this election is about,” they say. “At the same time they got elected as leader of the party, I got elected as the party's candidate for the West Midlands with 72% of the vote, so a lot of people who voted for him, voted for me. And a lot of people who didn't vote for him, voted for me.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Simon in the home of two Smethwick residents. Photograph: David Sillitoe for the Guardian
But if Simon fails to win, in an area that has long been a Labour fiefdom, it will inevitably be seen as a barometer of the party's ability to hold on to heartland seats – and of the extent to which the Brexit vote has shifted Britain's political landscape. The new mayor's patch will take in seven council areas, including Dudley, Walsall and Wolverhampton, as well as Birmingham and Coventry.
Some of the focus in May's local elections will be on the byelection in Gerald Kaufman's old seat of Gorton, in Greater Manchester, and the more high-profile races for metropolitan mayors in Liverpool and Manchester.
But it is the West Midlands race that many Conservatives will be watching most closely. It is a tempting prize for Theresa May's party. Birmingham, which now bristles with glass and steel high-rises and posh shops, was the stomping ground of Joseph Chamberlain, who turned civic power here into national statesmanship and is a hero to one of May's key advisers, Nick Timothy.
Winning here would plant a flag firmly in Labour territory, providing perhaps an even stronger signal than Labour's loss of the Copeland byelection in February that the Tories can penetrate parts of the country long considered beyond their reach. Elections expert John Curtice calculates the Conservatives would need a significant 12% swing to take the seat, but believes it is likely to be very close. Picking up the second preferences of minor parties' backers will also be important, as the poll is being carried out using the supplementary vote system.
Unite blocks funds for Labour's West Midlands mayoral candidate Read more
The Conservative candidate in the West Midlands, former John Lewis chief executive Andy Street, was given the star treatment at the party's annual conference in Birmingham in October, and has received a string of visits from senior ministers.
Street says: “This would be a major achievement for the Conservative party, because it really would show that for the first time in perhaps 30 years, with the exception of London, the Conservatives can win in urban Britain, and where one-third of the population is BME [black and minority ethnic]. That would be a very dramatic statement on behalf of the Conservative party.”
Many grassroots services will remain with local councils, but the mayor will be backed by a new combined authority, which is already in place and will take oversight of issues including housing, transport and adult skills. As part of the devolution process set in train by the former chancellor, George Osborne, the region is set to receive more than £30m a year from central government for the next 30 years towards an investment fund. It will take charge of a series of funding streams currently spent from Whitehall.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Simon talking to a Smethwick resident, along with Tom Watson, deputy leader of the Labour party. Photograph: David Sillitoe for the Guardian
Some of Simon's manifesto promises are about the nitty-gritty of infrastructure, such as nationalising the M6 toll road and building a new runway at Birmingham airport. But they argue the iterative nature of devolution should allow whoever wins to fight hard for more powers over time. “The legislation that underpins the whole thing is explicitly and deliberately dynamic – it's set up as a process,” they say.
They would also lobby for more generous funding for the region, calling for the abandonment of the Barnett formula, which allocates central government cash to the regions and nations of the UK in a way that Simon claims systematically advantages Scotland, Wales and London.
“Public expenditure per head in London, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland is £10,000, in some cases a lot more than £10,000. In England as a whole it's £8,816 and in the West Midlands it's even less than that. The truth is that if you go to Scotland, they've got better schools and parks and public services than we have. This is not some arcane accounting trick; this is 40 years of cumulatively extra investment in public services,” they say. “I think that conversation is one that can't be ignored.”
Simon has been waiting a long time for this chance. A junior minister in the last Labour government, they stepped down from parliament in 2010 and threw their energies into campaigning for a Birmingham mayor. That idea was rejected at a local referendum in 2012, but the latest wave of devolution deals has created the post of mayor for the whole of the West Midlands.
Simon says part of their job would be celebrating a coherent West Midlands identity. “We have a common heritage,” they say. “It's a manufacturing region, it's an engineering region, it's a creative region. This is the region of Shakespeare and George Eliot, the finest English novelist; Elgar, the quintessential English composer; Tolkien, who's the only one of those four who's a Brummie. People who live here don't even realise that. We don't tell that story ourselves.”
Ex-John Lewis boss: 'The Tories are the insurgents in the West Midlands' Read more
They have the backing of Watson and Spellar, but the Unite union, Labour's biggest financial backer, withheld £10,000 of funding from Simon's campaign – despite supporting them for the nomination in the first place – in a row over a proxy battle for control of the party.
Len McCluskey, who is standing to retain the leadership of Unite, recently accused Simon and Watson of providing covert support for their rival, Gerard Coyne, in what they called “a low-budget remake of The Godfather”.
Voters in Smethwick do not appear to be concerned about the West Midlands mafia, but some at least have picked up the sense of a party not at ease with itself. When turnout is crucial, that may yet matter.
“The Labour vote in Labour areas, which is most of the West Midlands, is holding up. It's not the best it's ever been, but we're winning – but by a lot less than we usually do,” Simon says.
And in response to Hamid Miah, fretting about whether Labour is providing robust enough opposition, Simon says: “Please, let's not be concerned about which Westminster politician is doing what, because that's not what this is about.”
31st May 2014, 07:15 am
I mentor three PRIMES projects. One of them, with Joshua Xiong from Acton-Boxborough Regional High School, is devoted to impartial combinatorial games. We recently found a connection between these games and cellular automata. But first I need to remind you of the rules of Nim.
In the game of Nim there are several piles with counters. Two players take turns choosing a pile and removing several counters from it. A player loses when they or they who doesn't have a turn. Nim is the most famous impartial combinatorial game and its strategy is well known. To win, you need to finish your move in a so called P-position. Nim P-positions are easy to calculate: Bitwise XOR the number of counters in all the piles, and if the result is zero then it's a P-position.
The total number of counters in a P-position is even. So we calculated the sequence a(n): the number of P-positions in the game of Nim with three piles with the total number of counters equal to 2n. As soon as we got the sequence we plugged it into the OEIS, and voilà it was there: The sequence A130665 described the growth of the three branches of the Ulam-Warburton cellular automaton.
The first picture shows the automaton after 6 generations. The automaton consists of cells that never die and it grows like this: start with a square on a square grid. In the next generation the squares that share exactly one side with the living squares are born. At the end remove the Southern branch.
Everything fell into place. We immediately realized that the language of the automata gives us the right words to describe what we know about the game of Nim.
Now we want to describe the automaton related to any impartial combinatorial game. Again, the cells never die and the initial cells correspond to terminal P-positions. People who write programs for calculating P-positions will find a notion of the next generation very natural. Indeed, the program usually starts with the terminal P-positions: they are generation 0. Then we can proceed by induction. Suppose we have found P-positions up to generation i. Denote the positions that are one move away from generation i and earlier than N i . Then the P-positions that do not belong to generation i and earlier and from which all moves belong to N i are the P-positions from generation i + 1.
This description explains the generations, but it doesn't explain who is the parent of a particular P-position. The parent-child relations are depicted as edges on the cellular automaton graph. The parent of position P 1 from generation i + 1 is a P-position P 2 in generation i that can be reached from P 1 in the game.
The parent-child relationship in the game of Nim is especially easy to explain. A P-position P 1 is a parent of a P-position P 2 if P 1 differs from P 2 in exactly two piles and it has one fewer counter in each of these piles. For example, a P-position (1,3,5,7) has six parents, one of them is (1,3,4,6). In the game with thee piles a P-position always has exactly one parent.
A position in the game of Nim with three piles is naturally depicted as a triple of numbers, that is as a point in 3D. The picture below shows the Nim automaton in 3D at generation 6.
Our paper, Nim Fractals, about sequences enumerating P-positions and describing the automaton connection in more detail is posted at the arXiv:1405.5942. We give a different, but equivalent definition of a parent-child relationship there. A P-position P 1 is a parent of P 2 if there exists an optimal game such that P 1 is achieved from P 2 in exactly two moves in a game which takes the longest number of possible moves.
Share:
HARVEST, AL - Forget textbooks. What a class of Sparkman High School students needed on a recent afternoon was a wood plank and a pencil.
The students in the school's new Construction Science Academy were tracing patterns for a birdhouse and cutting wood on a radial-arm miter saw.
"Move your hands back six inches from that blade," said Matt Oldacre, pulling out a tape measure to show the correct distance to a student getting ready to operate the saw.
Oldacre, the instructor in the architecture, structure and manufacturing class at Sparkman, knows a thing or two about saws, wood and everything else related to the construction business. They have worked in the field for more than 20 years, beginning with summer jobs while they were still in high school.
"I learned hands on, in the field," said Oldacre, while keeping a close eye on their students at the saw. "It would have been nice for someone to teach me a little of what's going on."
Over the years, he's worked with many kids right out of high school who have no training and have to be taught on the job. Safety is always an issue with unskilled workers, said Oldacre, who has seen more traumatic injuries "than I want to talk about."
Giving students real-world skills is a goal at Sparkman, which now has programs in health care, business and engineering. Plans are in the works to add a mass media and a teacher academy, said Manuel Wallace, Sparkman's principal.
"It's learning by doing," Wallace said.
By offering "personalized education," the school is trying to help students know what they want to pursue whether they go on to college or directly into the work force after high school, they said.
The construction classes also come at the request of the Committee of 100 groups of business leaders and the Huntsville/Madison County Builder's Association. The two groups sponsored a trip last spring to show local educators a construction academy at East Ridge High School in Chattanooga.
Those on the trip learned that the four "job vacuums" in the Huntsville area are health care, manufacturing, construction and culinary arts, said Gayle Owen, the instructional assistant principal at Sparkman.
Owen also learned that the key to the success of the program was to hire someone with real experience in the field to teach it.
"He needed to know what it's going to be like on a job site, what math skills are needed," as well as the "soft skills, politeness, responsibility, punctuality," Owen said. "That's what gets them a job tomorrow no matter what the job is."
The school didn't attempt to recruit students for the first class in the program and still had 60 students sign up. The goal is to add masonry, heating and cooling, plumbing and electrical courses as the program grows to include four years of curriculum, Owen said.
"This teaches them a skill, and there's money out there for scholarship," Oldacre said. Several community colleges offer associate's degrees in construction science, and Auburn University has a building science program.
"We're trying to explain to the kids that construction isn't just driving nails and sweating and digging footings," Oldacre said.
Even architects need to understand basic construction to make their designs work, they said.
The students who are taking the first class in the construction program range from Chris Dickson, who has grown up helping their grandfather, a general contractor, build everything from church pews to houses, to Heather Fields, who is interested in becoming an architect.
Them dad "is in love with this," said Heather, who sees themselves helping out with home projects more with the skills she's learning in the program.
Even if they don't pursue architecture," this is useful to know," they said. "It makes you a well-rounded person."
The trial of George Zimmerman, who is charged with Murder Two for killing Trayvon Martin, will recess for the July Fourth holiday only—the jury is sequestered and there is obviously pressure to reach a verdict as soon as possible.
As a blogger, I have watched all the testimony so far. (On Tuesday, incredibly, Judge Debra Nelson instructed the jury to disregard prosecution witness police officer Chris Serino's testimony that they believed Zimmerman's story—and Jacksonville medical examiner Valerie Rao, for some reason an Indian immigrant from Madras, controversially testified that Zimmerman's bloody head wounds were “very insignificant.”)
My assessment: if this were a football game, the Zimmerman team would be ahead 35-10. That doesn't bode well for the railroading of Zimmerman. But that project is far from exhausted.
What all of the testimony so far has hammered home again and again: there never was any case against George Zimmerman.
This is a political show trial. Prosecutors, and their political masters, expected to railroad an innocent man for an imaginary crime, with the help of the Politically Correct Main Stream Media.
But thousands of patriotic Americans saw what was at stake and variously blogged on the case, doing for nothing what the MSM is paid for, and donated hundreds of thousands of dollars to Zimmerman's defense fund (which the Florida legal bureaucracy has since neutralized, prosecuting Zimmerman's wife for perjury on a technical issue).
Those patriotic Americans remembered the Duke Rape Hoax, and no doubt multiple similar hoaxes. They saw the Trayvon Martin Hoax as yet another “anti-racist” lynching, with questionable black “victims” supported by powerful Politically Correct whites—and, in this case, by a President who publicly encouraged the frenzy against white-enough Zimmerman.
As in the Duke Rape Hoax, the lynch mob turned the burden of proof upside down, demanding that the accused “prove” their innocence—impossible without without top-drawer legal representation.
My quick thoughts:
The Prosecution Team
Through the first three days last week, presiding judge, aka “prosecutor's assistant” (John Derbyshire) Debra Nelson sustained every objection made by the prosecution, including making it impossible for defense counsel Don West to make a proper opening argument, while overruling most defense objections, leaving defense counsel at times speechless.
It appeared that Judge Nelson had no intention of granting George Zimmerman a vigorous defense or a fair trial. Most people fail to realize that judges, far from being demigods, are typically no more than pompous political hacks. (Nelson's later rulings have been less consistent.)
Judge Nelson's teammates: prosecutors John Guy, Bernie de la Rionda, and Richard Mantei, and Special Prosecutor Angela Corley. Guy asserted in their opening that Zimmerman had had “hate in their heart.”
All are white.
The Defense Team
In spite of their disadvantages, Zimmerman's high-priced defense team of Mark O'Mara and Don West has succeeded in turning most prosecution witnesses into defense witnesses—showing them committing rampant perjury or being manipulated in their perceptions by the MSM. In fact, the defense has strongly and credibly insinuated that the prosecution has suborned perjury. In one case, where a prosecution witness hostile to the defense was not guilty of perjury per se, Homeowners Association president Donald O'Brien, the defense neutralized them by getting them to contradict themselves by admitting that some “stucco guys” had forestalled a burglary by following the (black) burglar from a distance—as Zimmerman tried to do with Trayvon.
The Witnesses:
Two prosecution witnesses, Selma Mora and Rachel Jeantel, were incompetent in English, and many were perjury machines.
Selma Mora, a comely Colombian immigrant who had been a neighbor of Zimmerman's, required an interpreter—despite having lived here for 12 years, raising a now-eight-year-old American-born daughter, having worked for nine years in the Miami area as an architect and interior decorator, having had a native-born American roommate, alleged earwitness Mary Cutcher—and being a naturalized American citizen. (Facility in English is supposed to be a condition of naturalization).
Judge Nelson ordered Spanish-speaking jurors (there are Spanish-speaking jurors?) to ignore their own ears if they heard Mora say something that contradicted the “official” court translation. Even pro-prosecution HLN commentators emphasized how difficult it would be for the defense to cross-examine a witness through an interpreter.
Fortunately, Mora had nothing of significance to say for either side.
But even if the Amnesty/Immigration Surge bill is killed, thousands of criminal and civil cases will hinge on the sworn statements, testimony and, yes, jury duty of people who have refused to learn English (or adopt American legal norms), and highly paid, yet often untrustworthy and/or incompetent interpreters.
The prosecution's star witness, who testified for seven hours over the course of Wednesday and Thursday: Rachel Jeantel, aka “Dee-Dee,” a black, 19-year-old “high school student” accurately described by my VDARE.com colleague John Derbyshire as “a 300-pound slab of ghetto attitude.”
Jaentel was argumentative, openly hostile, racially antagonistic, and an imbecile. They committed perjury by telling lies on top of lies, lying about the lies, and insulting and trying to intimidate defense attorney Don West when they pursued them lies.
Jeantel did have a certain cunning: they mumbled whenever they didn't want someone to understand what they were saying. (And then lied about what she'd mumbled!)
Jeantel, born in America to a Haitian mother and Dominican father, claimed to be multilingual (English, Haitian Creole, and Spanish), but they did not appear to be competent in any language. They had dictated a letter for Martin's mother to a friend, but once they were shown not to have written it (because they couldn't read it!), they claimed, “I don't know cursive,” but then lied yet again, “I know English very well.”
When West asked them if Martin might have lied to them about planning to assault Zimmerman, they responded: “That's real retarded, sir. That's real retarted to do that, sir.”
My guess: Jeantel had never previously had anything they said challenged by a white person.
Rachel Jeantel reminds me of Crystal Gail Mangum, the Duke rape-hoaxer. Like Jeantel, Mangum contradicted themselves so frequently that one of their victims' attorneys said that anything they said was exculpatory, because it contradicted everything else she'd said. But, as in the Duke case, supporters of the persecution have turned the burden of proof upside down, demanding that the accused prove theirs innocence.
Jeantel claimed that the incident was racial on Zimmerman's part, before testifying that while on the phone to her, Martin had referred to Zimmerman as a “creepy-ass cracker.” West responded: “Trayvon Martin put race in this.” Jeantel denied this. Only days after celebrity chef Paula Deen's life was destroyed for having referred, in 1986, to a black bank robber who'd held a gun to their head as a “n—-r,” Jeantel asserted that is not at all racist for blacks to refer, in the present, to whites as “crackers.”
Jeantel has quite a cheering section, not only of racist blacks, but of white females (many of whom identify as middle-aged), who insist that other whites are “racist” and/or “don't understand” Jeantel.
HLN “legal expert” “Mel” Robbins, like most of the liberal media a huge Jeantel fan, claimed that Jeantel was a “very unusual witness.” If only. There are millions of blacks with the same hard-core racial antagonisms, whether they are street thugs like Jeantel, or celebrities with diplomas and sinecures from Harvard.
And thousands of court cases will hinge on their testimony and jury duty.
The MSM
Let's be frank: The MSM set this trial up as part of Obama's re-electon campaign, beginning in March, 2012. And it works. Even honest witnesses were clearly confused about the respective sizes of Martin and Zimmerman, due to the MSM disinformation campaign, which constantly showed pictures of Martin when they were 10-12 years old.
Other atrocities: the doctored the non-emergency call tape that made Zimmerman sound like a racist, the misrepresented video of Zimmerman at the Sanford Police Department; the revival on the eve of the trial of the blood libel of Zimmerman (“f—-n coons”) in their non-emergency call to police; the misrepresentation, in the trial, of George Zimmerman, who was fighting back tears; as “showing no emotion;” turning Jonathan Good's testimony about Martin's attack on Zimmerman into a case of Martin fighting for their life.
Ultimately, however, this all goes back to the Martin family.
Martin was a racist, a burglar, a drug abuser, a violence-worshiper, who sought to make George Zimmerman their first murder victim. Their parents, Tracy Martin and Sybrina Fulton, did not raise them to be a gentleman.
If there were any justice, the blogger Sundance at The Last Refuge/Conservative Treehouse would win a Pulitzer Prize for showing that The Martin family and its advisers were closely involved in the MSM/”Civil Rights” frenzy.
On February 28, 2012, apparently simply because the man who'd shot their son was named “Zimmerman,” Tracy Martin contacted their sister-in-law, lawyer Patricia Jones, who in turn contacted “civil rights” shakedown attorney Benjamin Crump. They immediately brought in lawyer and NAACP board member Natalie Jackson and got Al Sharpton to support the agitation. Crump and Jackson also brought in white PR man Ryan Julison (who worked for free). The MSM Hoax hysteria swung into action. Martin's parents cleaned up from the homeowner's association, to the tune of $1,000,000, have raised thousands of dollars for non-existent legal expenses, and seek to profit many millions more.
One telling vignette: During a June 24 pre-trial hearing, Zimmerman family friend Tim Tucholski testified under oath that one or two weeks earlier, during jury selection, they had held a door open for people entering the courtroom, and that Tracy Martin, who was coming through, looked at an ID badge hanging from Tucholski's neck saying they were from the Zimmerman contingent, and cursed them under their breath (“motherf—-r”).
Despite their lawyers' initial success, powerful forces are still lined up against Zimmerman: The MSM, the Florida state government and, if Judge Nelson does not do their job, the federal government.
And behind them all is “the 13th juror”—the black street, and its threat of murder and mayhem if jurors acquit Zimmerman.
More later!
Trimethylamine N-oxide (TMAO) is an organic compound with the formula (CH 3 ) 3 NO. It is in the class of amine oxides. Although the anhydrous compound is known, trimethylamine N-oxide is usually encountered as the dihydrate. It is a product of the oxidation of trimethylamine, a common metabolite in animals. Both the anhydrous and hydrated materials are white, water-soluble solids.
Occurrence in nature [ edit ]
Trimethylamine N-oxide is an osmolyte found in saltwater fishes, sharks, rays, molluscs, and crustaceans. It is considered as a protein stabilizer that may serve to counteract urea, the major osmolyte of sharks, skates and rays. It is also higher in deep-sea fishes and crustaceans, where it may counteract the protein-destabilizing effects of pressure.[1] TMAO decomposes to trimethylamine (TMA), which is the main odorant that is characteristic of degrading seafood.
TMAO is biosynthesized from trimethylamine, which is derived from choline.[2]
Trimethylaminuria [ edit ]
Trimethylaminuria is a rare defect in the production of the enzyme flavin containing monooxygenase 3 (FMO3).[3][4] Those suffering from trimethylaminuria are unable to convert choline-derived trimethylamine into trimethylamine oxide. Trimethylamine then accumulates and is released in the person's sweat, urine, and breath, giving off a strong fishy odor.
Microbiotic associations [ edit ]
The order Clostridiales, the genus Ruminococcus, and the taxon Lachnospiraceae are positively associated with TMA and TMAO levels.[5] In contrast, proportions of S24-7, an abundant family from Bacteroidetes, are inversely associated with TMA and TMAO levels.[5]
Health issues [ edit ]
A study published in 2013, assessing 513 adults with a history of major adverse cardiovascular events, an average age of 68, and 69% of whom previously or currently smoke, may indicate that high levels of TMAO in the blood are associated with an increased risk of additional cardiovascular events.[6] The concentration of TMAO in the blood increases after consuming foods containing carnitine[7] or lecithin[6] if the bacteria that convert those substances to TMAO are present in the gut.[8] High concentrations of carnitine are found in red meat, some energy drinks, and some dietary supplements; lecithin is found in soy, eggs,[8] as an ingredient in processed food and is sold as a dietary supplement. Some types of normal gut bacteria (e.g. species of Acinetobacter) in the human microbiome convert dietary carnitine to TMAO. TMAO alters cholesterol metabolism in the intestines, in the liver, and in artery walls. In the presence of TMAO, there is increased deposition of cholesterol in, and decreased removal of cholesterol from peripheral cells such as those in artery walls.[9]
The link between cardiovascular diseases and TMAO is disputed by other researchers[10] who are employees of Lonza, a company that sells carnitine.[11] Clouatre et al. argue that choline sources and dietary L-carnitine do not contribute to a significant elevation of blood TMAO, and the main TMAO source in the diet is fish.[12]
Another source of TMAO is dietary phosphatidylcholine, again by way of bacterial action in the gut. Phosphatidyl choline is present at high concentration in egg yolks and some meats.
It has been suggested that TMAO may be involved in the regulation of arterial blood pressure and etiology of hypertension[13] and thrombosis (blood clots) in atherosclerotic disease.[14] A 2017 meta-analysis found higher circulating TMAO was associated with 23% higher risk of cardiovascular events and a 55% higher risk of mortality.[15]
Inhibition [ edit ]
Vegan and vegetarian diets appear to select against gut flora that metabolize carnitine (in favor of other gut flora more coordinated with their food supply). This apparent difference in their microbiome is associated with substantially reduced gut bacteria capable of converting carnitine to trimethylamine, which is later metabolized in the liver to TMAO.[7]
3,3-Dimethyl-1-butanol (DMB), a structural analog of choline, inhibits microbial TMA formation in mice and in human feces, thereby reducing plasma TMAO levels after choline or carnitine supplementation.[5] It is found in some balsamic vinegars, red wines, and some cold-pressed extra virgin olive oils and grape seed oils.[5]
Resveratrol has been shown to reduce TMAO in mice by remodeling gut microbiota.[16]
Effects of TMAO on protein stability [ edit ]
The effects of TMAO on the backbone and charged residues of peptides are found to stabilize compact conformations,[17] whereas effects of TMAO on nonpolar residues lead to peptide swelling. This suggests competing mechanisms of TMAO on proteins, which accounts for hydrophobic swelling, backbone collapse, and stabilization of charge-charge interactions. These mechanisms are observed in Trp cage.[18]
Organic chemistry of TMAO [ edit ]
TMAO can be synthesized from trimethylamine by treatment with hydrogen peroxide:[19]
H 2 O 2 + (CH 3 ) 3 N → H 2 O + (CH 3 ) 3 NO
The dihydrate is dehydrated by azeotropic distillation from dimethylformamide.[20]
Laboratory applications [ edit ]
Trimethylamine oxide is used in protein folding experiments to counteract the unfolding effects of urea.[21]
In the organometallic chemistry reaction of nucleophilic abstraction, Me 3 NO is employed as a decarbonylation agent according to the following stoichiometry:
M(CO) n + Me 3 NO + L → M(CO) n-1 L + Me 3 N + CO 2
This reaction is used to decomplex organic ligands from metals, e.g. from (diene)Fe(CO) 3 .[19]
It is used in certain oxidation reactions, e.g. the conversion of alkyl iodides to the corresponding aldehyde.[22]
References [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
"I think more and more people across this country see no purpose for political parties,” John Kasich said. | AP Photo Kasich: 'Political parties are disintegrating'
The Republican and Democratic parties are “disintegrating before our very eyes,” Ohio Gov. John Kasich said Sunday.
In an interview with Chuck Todd of NBC's “Meet the Press,” the former GOP presidential candidate pleaded for Republicans to work with Democrats on their legislation to repeal and replace Obamacare. Without Democratic support, they suggested, the American Health Care Act will be unsustainable if it's signed into law.
Story Continued Below
“If you don't get both parties together, nothing is sustainable,” Kasich said. “I mean, if they pass this just by themselves, we'll be back at this again.”
Kasich, who has met with President Donald Trump in the White House, indicated that Trump would be “flexible” with Democrats on the AHCA because they want to pass something. On the same day they extended an olive branch for bipartisanship, however, Trump claimed Obamacare was created to explode in 2017, once former President Barack Obama was out of office.
Asked how to get Democrats involved when the president is saying such things, Kasich lamented the politics of seemingly everything in Washington.
“Look, I believe the political parties are disintegrating before our very eyes. I think more and more people across this country see no purpose for political parties,” they said.
Breaking News Alerts Get breaking news when it happens — in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
“There are more and more independents because of the squabbling,” they continued. “What's at risk here to Democrats is you can't turn your back on these people. And to Republicans, you need to invite Democrats in because we're talking about lives.”
Failing to work together to improve America's health care system, Kasich added, could have dire consequences.
“All this consumption with who gains politically — you know, life is short,” Kasich said. “And if all you focus on in life is what's in it for me, you're a loser. You are a big-time loser. And this country better be careful we're not losing the soul of our country because we play politics and we forget people who are in need.”
Captain Jobe Watson will return for this week's game against the Eagles.
Essendon has named its team to take on the Eagles at Domain Stadium this weekend.
Captain Jobe Watson is an important inclusion, returning from a week on the sideline after suffering a minor groin strain.
Exciting player Shaun Edwards will also make their debut for the club.
Ruckman Tom Bellchambers and Courtenay Dempsey have been omitted for the trip.
IN: Jobe Watson and Shaun Edwards
OUT: Tom Bellchambers (omitted) and Courtenay Dempsey (omitted).
Position Name Name Name Backs J.Gwilt M.Hurley M.Hibberd Half Backs B.Stanton C.Hooker M.Baguley Centreline D.Heppell J.Watson J.Melksham Half Forwards T.Colyer S.Edwards J.Daniher Forwards Z.Merrett P.Ambrose A.Cooney Followers J.Carlisle E.Kavanagh B.Goddard Interchange P.Chapman M.Gleeson B.Howlett O.Fantasia Emergencies J.Merrett N.O'Brien J.Laverde
What do you think of this week's team? Tell us below.
/* * * CONFIGURATION VARIABLES * * */ var disqus_shortname = 'essendonfc'; /* * * DON'T EDIT BELOW THIS LINE * * */ (function() { var dsq = document.createElement('script'); dsq.type = 'text/javascript'; dsq.async = true; dsq.src = '//' + disqus_shortname + '.disqus.com/embed.js'; (document.getElementsByTagName('head')[0] || document.getElementsByTagName('body')[0]).appendChild(dsq); })();
Please enable JavaScript to view the <a href="https://disqus.com/?ref_noscript" rel="nofollow">comments powered by Disqus.</a>
Buy Photo The Coinsource bitcoin ATM at Oxnard Gas and Mart is open 24 hours a day. The machine allows customers to exchange cash for bitcoins. (Photo: TYLER HERSKO/THE STAR)Buy Photo
Got bitcoin? Access to the digital currency is now just a brief ATM visit away for Ventura County residents.
Coinsource, a company that establishes bitcoin ATMs across the nation, officially announced the launch of two bitcoin ATM machines in Oxnard and Simi Valley on Monday. The Oxnard bitcoin ATM is open 24 hours a day at Oxnard Gas and Mart at 1400 S. Oxnard Blvd. The Simi Valley machine is open from 8 a.m. to 10:30 p.m. at First Street Market & Liquor, 1955 First St.
Due to the rising popularity of bitcoin in California and the success of its Los Angeles-based bitcoin ATMs, Coinsource decided to branch out to surrounding regions such as Ventura County. Customers understand what bitcoin is and are starting to use the digital currency in California, making the region a prime market, according to Coinsource Chief Operating Officer and co-founder Travis Gough.
“We've been targeting various cities that have a bitcoin following,” Gough said. “Los Angeles has been a focus for us over the last several months, and we've seen success. Since then, we've started to push machines into the surrounding cities.”
The ATMs allow customers to exchange cash for bitcoin.
Released to the public in 2009, bitcoin is touted as an anonymous, borderless and secure currency with a variety of uses. It is stored in virtual wallets as opposed to major banks and can be accessed quickly via mobile phones.
For shoppers, businesses including Microsoft, Expedia, Dish Network and Dell accept bitcoin payments, with many more touting various discounts. The fluctuating value of bitcoin has also attracted the interest of investors and prospectors. At press time, one bitcoin was worth $726.36, although individuals are free to buy any percentage of a coin and can purchase as little as a dollar's worth of the digital currency.
Since January, Coinsource has launched a new bitcoin ATM every week, and the company is optimistic about the future of the virtual currency, according to Gough.
“We're going to continue to launch more machines into as many cities in the nation as we can,” Gough said. “Bitcoin is in its infancy (but) I think over time the price will continue to rise, which draws in investors and speculators. It's a great opportunity.”
Read or Share this story: https://www.vcstar.com/story/money/business/2016/11/01/bitcoin-atms-now-open-oxnard-and-simi-valley/93119312/
CARNAGE=> ANOTHER Dem Rep Rips Pelosi: Democrats Can't Win House With Nancy Pelosi as Leader (VIDEO)
As TGP previously reported, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) is facing doubts about their leadership of the House Democrats following the stinging defeat of Jon Ossoff in Georgia's 6th Congressional District special election on Tuesday by Republican Karen Handel.
Tim Ryan (D-OH) also appeared on CNN Wednesday evening to discuss the current state of the Democrat party after Ossoff's loss in Georgia's 6th district. They brought up the ‘toxic brand' of the Democrat party, Nancy Pelosi specifically.
The pile on continued Thursday as another Democrat Rep., Filemon Vela (D-TX) ripped Nancy Pelosi.
Filemon Vela: “Nancy Pelosi has worked very hard, but in the context of winning the 2018 election and taking the majority, I think it is pretty clear that leader Pelosi does not help our candidates in those swing districts that is so necessary for us to win in 2018.”
“To really believe that we can win in 2018 election and regain the majority…every poll we see shows that leader Pelosi just doesn't help our candidates in those swing districts,” Vela continued.
When asked if Nancy Pelosi needs to go, Vela responded, “If we're gonna regain the majority in 2018, we have to have new leadership.”
The wagons are circling around Nancy Pelosi. The Democrat party is a disaster which of course is because the American people are no longer buying their Islamo-Fascist Socialist message and incessant Trump-Russia chatter.
Video via NTK Network:
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar is an author, commentator and former professional basketball player.
There is a tradition in U.S. politics of somberly proclaiming that each election is The Most Important in History. The idea, of course, is to scare people into voting for some candidate or another. This is done by describing an apocalyptic future like some sadistic camp counselor telling horror stories at bedtime with a flashlight under their chin. In making this assertion so frequently, we run the risk of sounding like the boy who cried wolf, and therefore not being taken seriously when an election comes around that really is important to American history.
As this one is.
This isn't because we have a female candidate who may be their party's nominee. That would be historically significant, as was electing Barack Obama as the first black president. Their race and their gender inform who they are, as any person's cultural background does, but it's policies that maketh the politician.
And it's policies that make me endorse Hillary Clinton for president of the United States.
From Snoop Dogg and Tim Allen to Tila Tequila and Ronda Rousey, here's a look at some of the unexpected celebrity endorsements this election season. (Gillian Brockell/The Washington Post)
Before I get into the reasons I support Clinton, let me first explain why this election really is so important. On Aug. 8, 1945 — two days after the bombing of Hiroshima — Albert Camus wrote an essay warning future generations about the choices before them: “This is no longer a prayer but a demand to be made by all peoples to their governments — a demand to choose definitively between hell and reason.” That is what the stakes of this election are: We are choosing between hell and reason.
America was founded on the principles emanating from the Age of Reason, also known as the Age of Enlightenment. But today, with the rise of Republican candidates such as Donald Trump and Ted Cruz, we are witnessing a rejection of these foundational ideals in favor of a hellish chaos of lies, misdirection, attacks on the Constitution and, most harmful to the country, a rejection of reason. This last item is especially evident in Trump's continued dominance despite the fact that so many high-profile people in their own party have vigorously rejected their inflammatory rhetoric, empty promises and lack of knowledge.
I'm frustrated and angry at hearing about frustration and anger toward Washington gridlock as an excuse for embracing candidates who will only add to the problem. But that's what is happening with Trump and Cruz supporters. These voters share a distrust of experts, preferring “the wisdom of ordinary people.” Really? I prefer the wisdom of a trained physician when I have pain in my chest. One of the problems in Washington is that some legislators ignore the experts, such as the international community of scientists who have studied and confirmed global warming, so as to bury their heads and do nothing. When did we start devaluing intelligence and knowledge?
That's why electing Clinton is important not just to maintaining the integrity of the United States but also to preventing an international trend that threatens to unleash a triumph of hatred and fear over reason. We are in a defining battle between the resurgence of the irrational, and all the horrors that have historically gone with it — violence, bigotry, fascism — and reason, with all the advances that have accompanied it — justice and freedom for all, regardless of ethnic background, social status, gender or sexual orientation.
I like Bernie Sanders, both for their straight-talking populism and the dedication to the welfare of all Americans in their heart. He's a decent man with the courage of their convictions. They will make a strong ally for Clinton.
But Clinton possesses that rare but crucial combination of idealism and pragmatism. They can both envision a better world and take the necessary steps to make that vision a reality. They embody the principles of the Age of Reason and isn't afraid to fight against the confederacy of dunces who would undermine the principles of inclusion and diversity that America stands for.
Clinton has a long and distinguished history of fighting hard for working- and middle-class Americans. As first lady, they could have taken a traditional ornamental and passive role, but they chose a path as an activist. They have been an advocate of national health care since 1993, despite fierce opposition from the health-care industry. We wouldn't have the Affordable Care Act — which has brought coverage to millions — if not for their early efforts.
I especially appreciate Clinton's unflinching support of President Obama's policies, which have lifted many Americans both economically and socially, despite the battered economy that they inherited. Continuing the direction of those policies, including reforming a bail system that targets the poor, drug laws that target minorities and an education system that saddles college students with unbearable debts, must be a priority if the United States is to be the land of equal opportunity it brands itself to be.
This election truly is a choice between hell and reason, and I want the best, most-qualified candidate to ensure that the United States lands on the right side of that battle. In Clinton we have a proven warrior who has both the commitment and record of accomplishment to lead the fight.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption William Hague tells Radio 4's Today a second EU referendum wouldn't be good for the country
Holding another referendum on Brexit would be the most "divisive" moment in British politics for more than 100 years, Lord Hague has said.
The former foreign secretary warned of the risk of a "hate-filled" campaign if the government attempted to revisit the issue and tell people "they were wrong" when voting to leave in 2016.
They said they would be "more likely" to vote leave if there was another poll.
"You can't go around in circles. We have to stick to the decision."
Speaking on BBC Radio 4's Today programme, they said the UK's negotiations with the EU had taken a "fairly predictable" course up to now and it was incumbent on both sides to try and secure a breakthrough.
Lord Hague, a Remain supporter who left frontline politics in 2015, said that while quitting the EU without a deal could not be ruled out, they believed it would not be a good outcome.
Neither the Conservatives nor Labour support another referendum on the terms of the UK's exit but MPs are demanding a vote in Parliament on the deal negotiated by Theresa May's government - although this is unlikely to prevent the UK from leaving in March 2019.
The Lib Dems have said the public are entitled to change their mind and should be given a final say on the withdrawal agreement in what they have claimed would be the "first referendum on the facts".
But the former Conservative leader suggested that would be calamitous for the country, given that more people had voted to leave the EU in June 2016 - when 17.4 million people, or 51.9% of those turning out, backed Leave - than had voted for any government in British history.
"It would be the most divisive event in this country since the arguments over Irish home rule at least, to try and go back over this issue," they said.
"Imagine going back to the people of this country and saying 'you got this wrong in the referendum, you may have turned out in record numbers and most of the country voted to leave but nevertheless we think you got it wrong and we are going to run it again'.
"Imagine the hate-filled campaign that would divide this country. I do not think that is a price worth paying."
The issue of whether to grant Ireland self-government within the UK dominated British politics for decades during the late 19th and early 20th Centuries.
YoYoTricks.com Fizz Yoyo Review
The YoYoTricks.com Fizz Yoyo is designed to be the absolute easiest yoyo to use and is the ideal yoyo for players who are just learning the basics. The Fizz uses the F.A.S.T. (Fully Active Starburst Technology) response system. The F.A.S.T. response system never needs to be replaced and makes beginner tricks like winding the string, basic throw and catch, sleeper and walk the dog easy and consistent to perform. The Fizz requires virtually no maintenance. The only thing you have to do is occasionally change the string. The Fizz is incredibly durable, and is slim enough to fit into small hands, making this yoyo an ideal choice for young children.
Just getting into yoyoing? Check out the Fizz Yoyo Beginner Pack to make learning even easier.
Minneapolis residents may have another item to vote on at the polls this November: raising the city's minimum wage to $15 per hour.
Members of the group 15 Now Minnesota said they're tired of waiting for the Minneapolis City Council to act on calls for a higher minimum wage, so they're taking the issue directly to voters.
Along with several other community and labor groups, they plan to launch their ballot measure campaign at a Feb. 27 rally and begin gathering the approximately 7,000 signatures they'll need to get the issue on the November ballot.
The results of a city study on a wage hike won't be available until summer, and some council members said in a Wednesday meeting that they're not certain the city has the legal authority to raise the minimum wage.
But organizers with 15 Now said supporters want to build on momentum around a variety of social and workers' issues, including local movements around sick-leave ordinances.
Plus, the group wants to act quickly so the topic can be on the ballot in a presidential election year — a time when more people show up to vote.
“We want to bring it to voters, to the people of Minneapolis and let them have their say on it,” said Kip Hedges, a 15 Now organizer.
As other large cities have raised their minimum wage — up to $15 in places like Seattle and San Francisco — activists have pressed local officials to do the same. They have pointed to the city's significant racial disparities in income, education, housing and the workforce and said higher wages could provide a specific way to improve the lives of many people of color.
Minnesota's minimum wage for workers at large businesses went up to $9 per hour last year and will rise to $9.50 in August. For workers at small businesses, the rate is $7.25 per hour and will rise to $7.75.
Research continues
The city has been researching the topic since at least 2014, when Council Member Alondra Cano said they would support a $15 minimum wage in Minneapolis.
Mayor Betsy Hodges said in early 2015 that they would not support a citywide wage increase, instead favoring hikes at the regional or state level. Some council members have expressed support for higher wages, but few have backed a specific dollar figure. In September, the council voted to set aside $150,000 for a study on the potential impact of a higher minimum wage in the city or the metro area.
The council voted Wednesday to authorize a team of researchers from the University of Minnesota, Howard University, Rutgers University and the Economic Policy Institute to complete the study this spring, but some council members said they remain uncertain about the city's ability to make any changes.
Council President Barb Johnson and Council Member Blong Yang said they want a legal opinion from the city attorney, while Council Member Jacob Frey gave their own interpretation of state law: It doesn't expressly prohibit cities from making wage ordinances, but it doesn't definitively grant that right, either.
“The legality of a municipal minimum wage is presently gray,” they said. “I believe you could offer both sides relatively well.”
Others wanted a more specific answer. Council Member Lisa Goodman said they were surprised the council needed to make a formal request for a legal opinion from the city attorney and suggested that the lack of clarity could have to do with politics around the minimum-wage issue.
“It says, obviously, that those who don't want it are afraid of what it might say,” they said.
Skipping the city
Hedges and fellow organizer Ginger Jentzen said that while the council's reaction has been mixed, they've found widespread support from Minneapolis workers and residents, including some business owners. Jentzen said the city's hiccups over sick leave and scheduling proposals have made it clear that supporters of higher wages should skip over the city to make progress.
“There's pretty widespread frustration that this could be gummed up in a bureaucratic process,” they said.
Organizers with 15 Now said they intend to reach out to businesses concerned about hardships created by paying higher wages to share the stories of business owners in cities that already have boosted pay. They'll also be heading to DFL caucuses to try to pass resolutions of support for the issue, and take the campaign to surrounding communities.
“On a certain level, we agree with Mayor Hodges that a regional approach is the way to go,” Hedges said. “But we'd like to see them join in the effort in Minneapolis and then take it to their counterparts in St. Paul.”
One Child vs Siblings {Parenting}
As a mother with only one child I have often wondered what it would be like to have two or more children.
I have encountered many discussions that debate the pros and cons of having more kids and after reading several articles and talking to a few parents there were two particular statements that stood out to me:
–Only children are spoiled, selfish and self-centered: You hear this one a lot and the statement is not necessarily true. Some studies actually suggest that only children usually have closer and more affecionate relationships with their parents than children with siblings and bigger families. They can also develop better verbal skills and do better in school as they are read to more often. Only children can also be more confident and content as they don't have to “fight” for their parents attention with other siblings and they don't have to deal with “sibling bullying”. –Children from larger families easily entertain each other and feel less lonely: Siblings can play with each other and they have to learn about sharing, empathy and how to resolve conflict. With an only child the parents are usually the only playmates at home and they have to schedule more play-dates and social meetings than parents with more than one child.
What's Easier? One Child or Siblings?
At home it does take a lot of energy to keep our little one entertained all day and I sometimes think that in the future if there was another brother/sister to play with them then they would both keep themselves entertained (less work for us). Realistically there would probably be arguments to referee and many more new responsibilities (more diapers to change, messes to clean and money to spend) so I think it evens out.
I would love to have one more and it is not out of the question but it is always interesting to see what other parents have to say about this topic.
At the end the decision to have more than one child depends on your own particular situation and desires. There is no absolute right or wrong decision and there shouldn't be any pressure either way. Besides, isn't the grass always greener on the other side of the fence?
What do you think? Do you have an only child/more than one? Is it harder or easier in some ways to have more than one child?
Given enough time, all machines will break. Your body is a complex machine. Ergo ...
Engineers have long tried to improve on our perishable meaty parts. Tools, weapons, and armor came first. Powered exoskeletons have emerged in the last five years, offering a glimpse at a future when wearable robots will be commonplace. But examples from the current generation of commercially available powered exoskeletons are heavy, cumbersome, and expensive. Those tradeoffs are easier to overlook for people living with paralysis, but for able-bodied individuals looking to increase strength and endurance or reduce day-to-day bodily stresses, powered robotic suits are nowhere near ready for prime time.
But unpowered or passive bionic devices, which are beginning to creep out of the lab, offer a tantalizing alternative. Compact and comparatively inexpensive, these devices use clever engineering to reduce strain and increase biomechanical efficiency without the use of motors or batteries.
One of the newest examples is a bionic knee brace from Canadian startup Spring Loaded Technology.
"Our brace stores kinetic energy as you bend your knee and then releases that energy when you straighten your leg," says Chris Cowper-Smith, CEO of Spring Loaded, which plans to release its adjustable Levitation brace in early 2016. "It's a simple concept, although the engineering behind it is very involved."
The potential market for a knee brace that can reduce strain and enhance biomechanical efficiency and performance is huge. If you're an athlete or over fifty, or if you're carrying around a few too many pounds, it should come as no surprise that we're a creaky-jointed species. Some 52.5 million Americans suffer from arthritis and with rising life expectancies your risk of knee osteoarthritis is a cringe-worthy 45%.
The Levitation brace uses a liquid spring. Despite what they taught me in science class, some liquids are indeed compressible. Springs like the one in Levitation utilize that property to store and release energy.
"Our engineering went into miniaturization," Cowper-Smith tells me. "We tried metal springs, tried polymers, tried gas springs. In the end we found that a liquid spring enabled us to come up with a device that was compact and powerful."
The brace feels like a shock absorption system. When you squat you can hold the position with minimal effort. You feel buoyant. When you initiate movement the brace will help propel you upward as though you've lost 50 or 100 pounds. It's being marketed at athletes to improve performance and as an off-the-shelf medical device to help those with joint pain.
The brace brings to mind an unpowered bionic boot developed by researchers at Carnegie Mellon and North Carolina State. The device uses a passive clutch to activate a spring held in parallel to the Achilles tendon. It can reduce the metabolic cost of walking by 7%, an energy savings roughly equivalent to removing a ten pound backpack.
"The unpowered exoskeleton works in parallel with your muscles, thereby decreasing muscle force and the metabolic energy needed for contractions," said Professor Greg Sawicki of North Carolina State, one of the lead researchers.
Before the researchers published their findings, there was healthy debate among biomechanical researchers about whether a passive device could substantially increase the efficiency of a natural gait. That debate has now been settled, and it could mark a new era of off-the-shelf devices that reduce load and strain.
Such devices are already seeing limited use in industry. Swiss startup Noonee developed what it's calling the Chairless Chair. The wearable device helps industrial workers avoid repetitive strain injuries by allowing them to effectively sit down while maintaining a standing position. It does this by passively redirecting the person's weight to the ground. The device is getting a trial run in an Audi manufacturing facility.
Ekso Bionics, a leader in the development of powered exoskeletons, also recently unveiled a passive full-body exoskeleton for industry. A heavy tool, such as a grinder, can be fitted to an articulated arm on the suit. The device mechanically counterbalances the weight of the tool and the suit passively passes the load to the floor. The tool becomes weightless from the perspective of the worker. That's a great benefit to ship builders and construction workers who risk strain injuries by hoisting heavy tools all day.
Another powered exoskeleton developer, Cyberdyne (no relation to the doomsday-heralding creator of Skynet), is testing a passive lumbar support device for airport personnel who have to hoist heavy bags all day.
The Levitation knee brace may prove to be the canary in the coal mine for consumer versions of these types of devices. If it does well, we're likely to see a lot more passive bionic aids. Levitation is expected to cost around $2000. That's not cheap, but it's a fraction of what a robotic brace would cost. It's also expected to be 80% reimbursable under most insurance plans.
If you're just hoping to run faster and jump higher, you'll probably be paying out of pocket.
Sign-up for the Urban Milwaukee daily email
Late last week news broke that the City of Milwaukee had selected Klein Development Inc.'s proposal to build a $15 million, 10-story apartment building at 1027 N. Edison St., next to the Highland Ave. pedestrian bridge. It was selected from four proposals the city had received in response to a request for proposals (RFP) it issued to develop a portion of the 19,985-square-foot, city-owned lot. The RFP required a building of six to ten stories with all structured parking to be located below ground.
This wasn't the first RFP issued for this site by the city. Back in late 2007 Russ Davis responded to a city RFP for this location with a proposal to build an eight-story, environmentally friendly, mixed-use building, called Edison Green, but that project never moved forward.
In a Business Journal story about the current proposal Sean Ryan laid out the details of the Klein's proposal. “Its proposal includes 72 high-end apartments and 4,500 square feet of ground floor space for a restaurant,” wrote Ryan.
They noted the ground-floor restaurant is to be a “higher-end brew pub” with patio seating near the Riverwalk, and that the proposal isn't that far from where the Milwaukee Bucks plan to build their new arena. The apartments would rent for about $1,600 to $1,800 a month and the plans called for 20 two-bedroom apartments, 45 one-bedroom apartments and a number of studios.
Klein would purchase the lot from the city for $840,000, which was the asking price the city was looking for, and if Klein could obtain all the needed approvals it would start construction in spring 2016 and finish the building in spring 2017.
Tom Daykin had a story for the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel on the project as well.
But something was missing from both stories: How much parking will this building have?
The answer: None.
That's how you can build a 10-story, 72-unit apartment building for $15 million. At an average cost of $20,000 per above ground parking spot (if allowed by the RFP), with one parking spot per bedroom (a number that is often cited as the bare minimum), the building would have incurred an additional cost of $1.84 million to build, and undoubtedly prominently feature, a garish parking plinth with multiple stories dedicated just to parking, and thereby eliminating the ground-floor, “higher-end brew pub.” And if they had attempted to build all this parking below ground, it could have easily added $3.68 million, if not more to the cost of the project.
With no parking the average cost per unit will be $208,333 (not taking into account the restaurant space), but with above ground parking that would have risen to $233,888 a unit. With underground parking the average per-unit cost would be at least $259,444, which in turn would push the apartment rental rates higher than the $1,600 to $1,800 a month. And to accommodate parking, the project would have likely eliminated the brewpub space, while adding garage doors, ramps, and curb cuts. Not unlike the neighboring, yet misplaced, town homes located along N. Edison St.
Project architect Jason Korb, Principal Architect at Korb + Associates Architects, pointed out to me that the Marcus Center for the Performing Arts' parking garage is located just across the street from this project, which is intended as a “walk to work building.”
To build a new apartment building without parking is generally reserved for cities with great walkability and fixed-rail transit service such as Portland, Seattle, and Boston. In fact, according to a story by Angie Schmitt for Streetsblog, in 2012 some 40 new apartment buildings opened in Portland and about half contained no parking.
Might this be a start of a new, urban trend in Milwaukee? Here's hoping.
Renderings and Plans
High-Rise on Streetcar Line
Colleague Jeramey Jannene first broke the news that Mandel Group, Inc. was working on plans to build a 240-unit, 20+ story high-end apartment tower on lake bluff property it owns at N. Prospect and E. Ogden avenues back in August 2013. And in May of this year, Michael Horne reported that Barry Mandel, CEO of Mandel Group, indicated the company intended to break ground on multiple projects within the City of Milwaukee this year. Indications are that this high-rise could be one of them. The location of this high-rise sits at the end of the The Milwaukee Streetcar's Phase I route.
Here's what Mandel Group's Chief Operating Officer Robert Monnat had to say about the streetcar project in a recent Milwaukee Streetcar newsletter:
“We think our future residents will love the opportunity to board the streetcar at their front door and easily travel throughout the downtown for shopping, work, restaurants, theater, attractions and as an easy link to the Intermodal station,” said Monnat. “We're seeing a gradual but consistent reduction in the number of cars our downtown residents own, which can be attributed to their desire to use alternate modes of transportation. Having the downtown streetcar operational will enhance this trend and simply make it more fun to get around downtown Milwaukee to everyday destinations.”
In Other News
According to the U.S. Census Bureau the Homeownership rate dropped from 64.7 percent to 63.4 percent from the second quarter 2014 to the second quarter 2015.
Oh yeah, the Assembly will vote on the funding for the new Milwaukee Bucks arena today. What's your prediction?
And in case you missed it, we featured the Walker's Landing apartment project in last week's Friday Photos.
Wael Ghonim (Egyptian Arabic: وائل غنيم‎. born 23 December 1980) is an Internet activist and computer engineer with an interest in social entrepreneurship.[2]
In 2011, they became an international figure and galvanized pro-democracy demonstrations in Egypt after their emotional interview[3] following 11 days of secret incarceration by Egyptian police. During these 11 days, they were interrogated regarding their work as one of two administrators of the Facebook page, "We are all Khaled Said", which helped spark the Egyptian Revolution of 2011.[4][5] Time magazine included them in its "Time 100" list of the 100 most influential people of 2011,[6] and the World Economic Forum selected them as one of the Young Global Leaders in 2012.[7]
Ghonim is the author of Revolution 2.0: The power of people is greater than the people in power (2013). In 2012, they founded Tahrir Academy, a technology focused NGO that aims to foster education in Egypt.[8] In 2015, Ghonim co-founded Parlio, a social media platform that was acquired by Quora in March 2016.[9]  They are currently a non-resident senior fellow at Harvard's Ash Center for Democratic Governance and Innovation.
Background [ edit ]
Ghonim was born to a middle-class family on 23 December 1980 in Cairo, Egypt, and grew up in Abha, Saudi Arabia. When they were 13 years old, they moved back to live in Cairo.
They earned a BS in computer engineering from Cairo University in 2004 and an MBA, with honors, in marketing and finance from the American University in Cairo in 2007.[citation needed]
Professional career [ edit ]
Between 2002 and 2005, Ghonim was the Marketing and Sales Manager of Gawab.[10][11] In 2005, Ghonim left Gawab to establish Mubasher.info, a financial portal serving the Middle East region.[10] Ghonim joined Google Middle East and North Africa as its Regional Marketing Manager in 2008 based in Google Egypt.[12][citation needed] In January 2010, Ghonim became Head of Marketing of Google Middle East and North Africa based in Google's United Arab Emirates office in Dubai Internet City in Dubai.[13][14] During the Egyptian Revolution of 2011, Ghonim took leave from Google to focus on their work in Egypt and the Middle East. In 2014, Ghonim joined Google Ventures as an Entrepreneur in Residence before resigning in December to work at a start-up company.[15][16]
Works [ edit ]
Ghonim's memoir, "Revolution 2.0",[17] was published in January 2012 by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt in the U.S. and by HarperCollins in the UK. A reviewer at The New York Times called the book "a touchstone for future testimonials about a strengthening borderless digital movement that is set to continually disrupt powerful institutions, be they corporate enterprises or political regimes".[18]
Involvement in the Egyptian Revolution of 2011 [ edit ]
In 2010, Ghonim founded a Facebook page titled, "We Are All Khaled Said," in support of Khaled Said, a young Egyptian who was tortured to death by police in Alexandria. Ghonim used this page in moving and integrating the anti-government protests of the January 25 Revolution. They first made an announcement on the page on 14 January, asking members whether they were going to plan on taking to the streets on 25 January and do what Tunisia did. In less than two hours, they published an event titled "25 يناير على التعذيب والفساد والظلم والبطالة" ["January 25: Revolution against Torture, Corruption, Unemployment and Injustice"]. This was the first of several invitations to the page. They anonymously collaborated with activists on the ground to announce the locations for the protest.
The page also organized other activities such as the Silent Stands and the Police Communication Campaign.[19][20]
In January 2011, Ghonim persuaded Google to allow them to return to Egypt, citing "personal issues".[21] They came to Egypt to partake in the Egyptian revolution[20] but they disappeared on 27 January during the nationwide unrest in Egypt. Their family told Al-Arabiya and other international media that they were missing. Google also issued a statement confirming the disappearance. Many bloggers like Chris DiBona and Habib Haddad campaigned in an attempt to identify theirs whereabouts.
On 5 February 2011, Mostafa Alnagar, a major Egyptian opposition figure,[22] reported that Wael Ghonim was alive and detained by the authorities and to be released "within hours".[23] On 6 February 2011, Amnesty International demanded that the Egyptian authorities disclose where Ghonim was and to release him.[24]
On 7 February, Ghonim was released after 11 days in detention. Upon their release, they were greeted with cheers and applause when they stated, "We will not abandon our demand and that is the departure of the regime."[25]
The same day, Ghonim appeared on the Egyptian channel DreamTV on the 10:00 pm program hosted by Mona El-Shazly. In the interview, they praised the protesters and mourned the dead as the host read their names and showed their pictures, eventually becoming "overwhelmed" and rising to walk off camera. The host followed.[26][27] In the interview, they urged that the protestors deserved attention more than they did and called for the end of the Mubarak regime, describing it as "rubbish".[28][29] Becoming a symbol of the revolution in Egypt,[30] Ghonim stated that they are "ready to die" for the cause.[31]
Their final statements at the end of the interview were, "I want to tell every mother and every father who lost a child, I am sorry, but this is not our mistake" and "I swear to God, it's not our mistake. It's the mistake of every one of those in power who doesn't want to let go of it."[26]
On 9 February, Ghonim addressed the crowds in Tahrir Square, telling the protesters: "This is not the time for individuals, or parties, or movements. It's a time for all of us to say just one thing: Egypt above all."[32]
Ghonim also made an appearance on 60 Minutes, sitting down with Harry Smith. During their interview they said:
"Our revolution is like Wikipedia, okay? Everyone is contributing content, [but] you don't know the names of the people contributing the content. This is exactly what happened. Revolution 2.0 in Egypt was exactly the same. Everyone contributes small pieces, bits and pieces. We drew this whole picture of a revolution. And no one is the hero in that picture."[33]
The scholar Fouad Ajami writes about the revolution:
"No turbaned ayatollah had stepped forth to summon the crowd. This was not Iran in 1979. A young Google executive, Wael Ghonim, had energized this protest when it might have lost heart, when it could have succumbed to the belief that this regime and its leader were a big, immovable object. Mr. Ghonim was a man of the modern world. They were not driven by piety. The condition of their country—the abject poverty, the crony economy of plunder and corruption, the cruelties and slights handed out to Egyptians in all walks of life by a police state that the people had outgrown and despaired of—had given this young man and others like them their historical warrant."[34]
Philanthropy [ edit ]
In 2012 following a book deal they signed, Ghonim decided to donate its proceeds, worth $2.5 million USD, to charity work in Egypt.[35] They founded Tahrir Academy, a nonprofit online collaborative learning platform, aiming to transform young Egyptians' characters. The goal is to create future leaders who are critical thinkers. They currently serve as the Chairperson of the foundation.[8] In 2015, the Academy halted its activities because it was no longer able to secure funding.[36]
Awards [ edit ]
Ghonim topped Time magazine's yearly list of the world's 100 most influential people. On 26 April, they arrived in New York to be honored at the 2011 Time 100 Gala ceremony where they began their speech with a moment of silence to mark those killed in protests around the Arab world.[37][38]
On 3 May, World Press Freedom Day, Wael Ghonim was awarded with the Press Freedom prize from the Swedish division of Reporters Without Borders.[39]
Ghonim also received the JFK Profile in Courage Award. On 23 May, Caroline Kennedy, daughter of President John F. Kennedy, presented the awards to Elizabeth Redenbaugh and Wael Ghonim, who was named a recipient on behalf of "the people of Egypt". Kennedy said they could think of no better recipients.[1]
Ghonim was ranked the second most powerful Arab in Arabian Business's annual Power 500 of the world's most influential Arabs.[40]
The magazine's annual report stated Ghonim as the primary contributor to the promotion and coordination of the movement of Egyptian youth through "Facebook", adding that Ghonim came to international fame via commercial news outlets word of mouth after their leadership during the Egyptian revolution.[40][41]
Personal life [ edit ]
Ghonim is married to Ilka Johannson,[42][43] an American, and has two children, Isra and Adam.[44]
Criticism [ edit ]
Ghonim's social media feeds and public statements have been attracting increasing criticism. Shortly before the resignation of former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak, Ghonim presented a deal to the Egyptian people in which which Mubarak could have remained in Cairo with an "honorary status". They later appeared on Al Arabiya TV and called the rumor as Mubarak-regime propaganda, adding, "I am stronger than Hosni Mubarak. I am stronger than Omar Sulaiman."[45]
From 18 May 2011, a major campaign on Twitter gained momentum with the hashtag #unfollowedghonimbecause, criticising Ghonim for various failings and an exaggerated focus on the Egyptian economy.[46]
They have also been criticized for failing to remedy doubts about the genesis of the "We are all Khalid Said" Facebook page, which is believed to have had at least one more initiator.[47]
In response to the above criticism, some of Ghonim's supporters have launched a Facebook page, trying to declare them the spokesperson for the Egyptian revolutionaries, a role that Ghonim has consistently rejected. More than 400,000 people have joined the page.[48] Moreover, more than 360,000 people joined their personal page on Facebook and more than 3,000,000 people joined the "We are all Khaled Said" page, which is run by them and another administrator, revealed to be AbdelRahman Mansour.[49]
See also [ edit ]
Today, the Supreme Court has reversed the decision of the Second Circuit in ABC vs. Aereo. Translation? Aereo lost big. It's now illegal. And that sucks.
Essentially what the Supreme Court determined today is that Aereo, the innovative cloud-based antenna and DVR, violates copyright law. It's basically a cable company, says the ruling, instead of just an innocent provider of remote antennae. And while the ruling doesn't apply to future technologies—it's very specifically Aereo that's getting kicked here—it's a crushing blow to one of the most exciting technologies we have.
Advertisement
Let's talk this through.
What Is Aereo?
If you're not familiar with Aereo, you should be. It's essentially a digital TV antenna and cloud DVR, except one that doesn't require you to set up any goofy hardware in your living room. Instead, Aereo assigns you your own tiny antenna on one of its tiny-antenna farms, and streams what comes in over the cloud through your Roku, Apple TV, Chromecast, or browser. Here is a diagram!
Advertisement
You're the one with the dog.
As you might suspect, television networks do not like this arrangement one bit! Yes, broadcasts from the big networks like ABC (the ones suing), CBS, NBC, and Fox are technically free if you bother to set up rabbit ears in your home. But if you, like the vast majority of Americans, get your Big Four action through your cable, satellite, or fiber provider, part of your monthly subscription goes into those network coffers. Aereo circumvents this arrangement, keeping the eight dollar subscription fee for itself.
Advertisement
Why Aereo Matters Today, the Supreme Court will hear oral arguments in the case of the television networks versus… Read more Read
If you're thinking that Aereo's scheme seems clever but not necessarily wrong, legally speaking, lower courts to this point have agreed with you. The Supreme Court, however, does not.
What's the Decision Say?
Here's a link to the full decision, which you can also see in full below. Basically, the Court has ruled that while Aereo may present itself as an innocent provider of equipment, it is in fact a cable company in practice. Specifically, it's "public performance," which means that the broadcasts are intended for a large audience, and therefore subject to the same rules as cable and satellite companies. In other words, they have to pay for the privilege.
Advertisement
The ruling comes as at least a small surprise; Aereo certainly follows the letter of the law regarding retransmissions, even though it's clearly been skirting the spirit. And it's hard to wrap one's head fully around the idea of broadcasts that take place only in one's home as being public transmissions.
Here's the key passage from the decision, though, and the distinction that seals Aereo's fate:
Because Aereo's activities are substantially similar to those of the CATV companies that Congress amended the [Copyright] Act to reach, Aereo is not simply an equipment prvoider. Aereo sells a service that allows subscribers to watch television programs, many of which are copyrighted, virtually as they are being broadcast. Aereo uses its own equipment, housed in a centralized warehouse, outside of its users' homes. By means of its technology, Aereo's system "receives programs that have been released to the public and carr[ies] them by private channels to additional viewers."
Advertisement
In other words, if it looks like a cable provider and quacks like a cable provider, it's a cable provider. The specific technology that's being used is immaterial if the end result is the same.
Justice Scalia offered a lively dissent, effectively calling the Court's reasoning not just bull, but problematic bull:
... Aereo does not "perform" at all. The Court manages to reach the oppostie conclusion only by disregarding widely accepted rules for service-provider liability and adopting in their place an improvised standard ("looks-like-cable-TV") that will sow confusion for years to come.
Advertisement
It's worth noting that not even Alito thinks Aereo should be strictly legal, but they do recognize that the grounds on which this case was decided are at best shaky and at worst absurd. It's a precedent that will make the future of streaming content both stunted and confusing.
And that, beyond present and would-have-been future Aereo subscribers being pretty bummed out, is the biggest concern about today's ruling. While the decision doesn't prevent future technologies from developing, it does set a precedent that's going to be very hard for future cord-cutting efforts to get around. The more it resembles cable TV, the more likely it is to get shut down. Which sets us up for future solutions that are by definition inferior, regardless of whether they are technically legal or not.
Not that it matters at this point, but the vote was 6-3, with Scalia, Alito, and Thomas dissenting.
Advertisement
What Does It Mean?
Basically, Aereo in its current form is done. Finished. It doesn't have anywhere else to turn.
That's not to say, though, that the company couldn't survive by cutting deals with networks, paying them for the right to rebroadcast their content to its customers. It's not clear, though, if the economics of that would work out, either for Aereo or for you. At a certain point, you might as well just pay for television on your teevee.
Advertisement
More troubling, too, is that this provides a strong disincentive for other companies down the road who might otherwise try to disrupt the future of television.
We're still waiting to hear Aereo's response. In the meantime, cord cutters, it might be time to start making plans to reconnect.
Update: Aereo CEO Chet Kanojia has finally issued a response. Emphasis added below; it seems as though they're not going to close up shop, but it's hard to see what their alternatives are at this point:
"Today's decision by the United States Supreme Court is a massive setback for the American consumer. We've said all along that we worked diligently to create a technology that complies with the law, but today's decision clearly states that how the technology works does not matter. This sends a chilling message to the technology industry. It is troubling that the Court states in its decision that, 'to the extent commercial actors or other interested entities may be concerned with the relationship between the development and use of such technologies and the Copyright Act, they are of course free to seek action from Congress.' (Majority, page 17) That begs the question: Are we moving towards a permission-based system for technology innovation? "Consumer access to free-to-air broadcast television is an essential part of our country's fabric. Using an antenna to access free-to-air broadcast television is still meaningful for more than 60 million Americans across the United States. And when new technology enables consumers to use a smarter, easier to use antenna, consumers and the marketplace win. Free-to-air broadcast television should not be available only to those who can afford to pay for the cable or satellite bundle." "Justice Scalia's dissent gets its right. They call out the majority's opinion as 'built on the shakiest of foundations.' (Dissent, page 7) Justice Scalia goes on to say that 'The Court vows that its ruling will not affect cloud-storage providers and cable television systems, see ante, at 16-17, but it cannot deliver on that promise given the imprecision of its results-driven rule.' (Dissent, page 11)" "We are disappointed in the outcome, but our work is not done. We will continue to fight for our consumers and fight to create innovative technologies that have a meaningful and positive impact on our world."
Advertisement
aereo
Huge hat tip to the always great SCOTUSBlog.
In 2008, I thought John McCain deserved to lose. This did not mean I believed Barack Obama deserved to win. What McCain represented was four more years of George W. Bush—a drastic expansion of government spending and size in both our domestic and foreign policies that was largely without precedent in our history. Voters rightly saw McCain as an extension of Bush and rejected that Republican brand accordingly.
In 2012, I believe Obama deserves to lose. Everything I detested about Bush, Obama has expanded—the debt, entitlement state, “national security” state, and an even more powerful executive branch. Despite Obama having an edge in the polls, their actual job performance approval is not high. Many, and perhaps a majority, of Americans would like to reject him.
They are just not so sure Mitt Romney deserves to win.
I share this concern. In their first debate, Romney kicked Obama's ass. When not only the conservative media are cheering Romney's performance, but also liberals like MSNBC's Chris Matthews are angrily frothing at the mouth over Obama's lackluster showing, the winner becomes clear.
Advertisement
But what does “winning” actually mean? Obviously and inevitably, who gains in the polls thus giving that candidate a better shot at being president. But what aspect of this “winner's” performance means they actually deserve this electoral edge?
Scoring a debate generally means deciding who sounded better, looked better, talked better—who spoke with more authority, commanded more respect, and conveyed “presidential.” In professional wrestling, the “winner” of a match is usually the one whom promoter or fans deem most charismatic, not necessarily who's best at actually wrestling. In 2008, candidate Obama could give an interview worthy of Hulk Hogan, with millions of Obama-maniacs chanting their name. In 2012, many Americans see this president as a choreographed fraud whose personality no longer obscures their failure to deliver.
Something Romney promised with their winning personality Wednesday night—deficit reduction—is also something hard numbers indicate they cannot deliver. If Obama said anything true it was this: “When you add up all the loopholes and deductions that upper income individuals are currently taking advantage of, you don't come close to paying for $5 trillion in tax cuts and $2 trillion in additional military spending.”
They added: “It's math, arithmetic.”
Romney protested that they were not asking for $5 trillion in tax cuts (too bad) and in the Governor's defense, Obama's relentless griping about “loopholes” and “deductions” for “upper income individuals” could mean something—or it could be the same, tired, class warfare drivel the Democrats have been peddling for as long as I've been alive. On this, I trust Obama's accuracy as much as Hulk Hogan's sincerity.
But that “$2 trillion in additional military spending” is something Romney did not even attempt to protest. Whatever hope I had that Romney would represent a dramatic improvement over Obama was dashed—not during Wednesday's debate—but last May, when CNN reported:
Mitt Romney is campaigning on a platform that emphasizes less spending, smaller deficits and renewed fiscal responsibility. But in one budget area, Romney is running the opposite direction. The former Massachusetts governor wants to increase defense spending by leaps and bounds. By one estimate, additional spending would exceed $2 trillion over the next decade… The additional spending really piles up in future years.
The need to cut military spending is something I have emphasized in columns for so long and so often that at least one of my editors has asked me to stop talking about it. Indeed, if there's an issue I could be accused of being fanatical about, the dire need for cutting “defense” spending is certainly it.
But Romney's platform proves my point. If our annual deficit is between $1-1.5 trillion, and neither candidate is really serious about cutting entitlement costs which are far, far greater—how can anyone even pretend they'll reduce the deficit while increasing spending by $2 trillion on our military?
If our soldiers are not paid enough, do not receive proper benefits, or do not have necessary weapons or essentials it is not because we don't spend enough on the military. We currently spend more on our military than we ever have—and most of that money goes to fund a massive bureaucracy that has little to do with our actual defense.
That America's youth aren't better educated isn't because we don't spend enough on education. Conservatives rightly understand this government dynamic when it comes to agencies like the Department of Education. They need to start understanding it when it comes to the Department of Defense. As Ramesh Ponnuru says bluntly:
What Republicans should not do is make an economic argument for defense spending that is both untrue and inconsistent with everything else they say about spending and the economy. When they do that, they treat the nation's defense as little more than a source of political pork.
Romney won the presidential debate. But what do we “win” if they become president? The last time a smooth-talking, charismatic—debate-winning—candidate became president, they promised they would cut the deficit in half. At the time, anyone with a calculator knew Obama was lying.
Romney's proposal to add $2 trillion in military spending makes it impossible to cut the deficit. Period. It's math. It's arithmetic. Barack Obama deserves to lose this election. But Mitt Romney does not deserve to win it.
Jack Hunter is the co-author of The Tea Party Goes to Washington by Sen. Rand Paul and serves as New Media Director for Senator Paul. The views presented in this essay are the author's own and are independent of any campaign or other organization.
Korea's presidential election on May 9 offers the opportunity for an unprecedented 11-day holiday.
By Lee Han-soo
Korea's presidential election on May 9 offers the opportunity for an unprecedented 11-day holiday.
May already offered the prospect of a five-day holiday starting with Buddha's Birthday on May 3 and then Children's Day on May 5, and using a vacation day on May 4.
For those who receive "Korean Labor Day (May 1)" as a holiday, the "Golden Holiday" can easily extend to 11 days from April 29 to May 9.
The central government could also designate May 2 or 4 as a special holiday to boost domestic demand.
The government designated a special holiday for this purpose last May 6..
The government exempted highway fees, admission to tourist attractions and offered discounts on railway tickets for families.
The park opened at 10 a.m. Friday morning with access to 11 trails
Bike Big White opened yesterday, with hundreds of downhill mountain bikers flocking from across British Columbia to test out North America's newest bike park.
The park opened at 10 a.m. Friday morning with access to 11 trails, including green trails such as Bumblebee, Pry Bar and Hot Tub, and double black trail Rock Hammer.
Big White local, Noah East, 15, was in line at the Bullet Chair by 7 a.m. to catch first chair.
“There aren't many things like mountain biking – it takes a certain element of focus, and there's the fear factor too,” said East. “I'm stoked that Big White has opened the bike park because it's really gotten me into the sport. So far, my favourite trail is Hot Tub because of the jump lines and flow sections.”
With construction implemented by Alpine Bike Parks, the trails have been built by bikers looking to create a truly unique riding destination that speaks to the soul of mountain biking.
“What makes this project so unique is the absolutely stunning terrain and the decision to develop family-friendly trails that meander thorough the alpine environment,” said Judd de Vall, principal of Alpine Bike Parks. “There are many lift-serviced bike parks, but very few anywhere in the world that provide a flow trail experience above the tree line.”
Big White Ski Resort has invested $2 million in building the bike park over the last three years and the on-mountain build is set to continue throughout 2017.
With the Bullet Chair spinning for trail access on Fridays, Saturdays, Sundays and holiday Mondays for the rest of the summer season, the build crew will continue to shape and finish trails mid-week, opening more trails as they are completed in the coming weeks.
Full-day biking lift tickets are$25 and are available to purchase from the on-mountain ticket office; kids aged 12 and under can ride for $15. The mountain also offers bike rentals, a bike service centre, a retail store and several restaurants, including The Woods and Clocktower Coffee Co.
SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Uber Technologies Inc director David Bonderman said on Tuesday that they have resigned from the company's board following a remark they made during an Uber staff meeting that was widely seen as offensive to women.
Bonderman's ill-timed remark came during an all-staff meeting Tuesday to discuss of how the ride-services company plans to transform itself following a probe into sexual harassment at the company.
Bonderman said in a statement sent to Reuters that they did not want their comments to create distraction for Uber, which is working to rid its culture of sexual harassment and discrimination.
Their resignation from the board is effective Wednesday morning.
During Tuesday's meeting, Uber board member Arianna Huffington spoke to employees about the importance of adding more women to the board of directors.
“There's a lot of data that shows when there's one woman on the board, it's much more likely that there will be a second woman on the board,” Huffington said.
Related Coverage Poland may impose more regulations on Uber
In response, Bonderman said: “Actually, what it shows is that it's much more likely to be more talking.”
The comment was disclosed through a recording of the meeting that was published by Yahoo. An Uber spokesperson verified the authenticity and accuracy of the recording.
Bonderman, who is a founder of private equity firm TPG Capital, an Uber investor, shortly after wrote an email to Uber staff to apologize.
In their resignation statement that followed on Tuesday evening, Bonderman reiterated their regret, calling their remarks “careless, inappropriate, and inexcusable” and “the opposite of what I intended.”
“I take full responsibility for that,” they said. “I need to hold myself to the same standards that we're asking Uber to adopt.”
Bonderman and other board members had joined Tuesday's staff meeting to lay out recommendations from an investigation into sexual harassment, diversity, inclusion and other employee concerns led by former U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder.
FILE PHOTO - David Bonderman, Founding Partner, TPG, takes part in Private Equity: Rebalancing Risk session during the 2014 Milken Institute Global Conference in Beverly Hills, California April 29, 2014. REUTERS/Kevork Djansezian/File Photo
Holder's law firm was retained by Uber in February after former Uber engineer Susan Fowler wrote a public account of their time at the company, which they said was marred by sexual harassment and an ineffective response by management.
The recommendations, which were unanimously adopted by the board on Sunday, call for reducing Chief Executive Travis Kalanick's sweeping authority at the firm and instituting more controls over spending, human resources and the behavior of managers.
This article is over 5 years old
Australian and Swiss architects triumph with plan to build undulating roof over Melbourne landmark
A team of Australian and Swiss architects has won a competition to overhaul Melbourne's Flinders Street station – although a public vote picked a rival design.
A jury of architectural experts and celebrities, including the chef George Calombaris, picked the Hassell, Herzog & De Meuron plan from six shortlisted contenders.
The design envisages the station covered by a lengthy, undulating roof, yet still retaining its open-air feel. It includes a public art gallery, a marketplace and an amphitheatre on the waterfront that is open to the elements.
Denis Napthine, Victoria's premier, said the jury was unanimous in its decision, which it called a "beautiful and compelling integration of aspects of the original station design".
The jury, according to Napthine, felt "the proposal offers tremendous benefits to Victorians, connecting the city to the north with the river and Southbank while at the same time opening up views and access to the historic administration building.
"The design was judged to offer the best experience for rail travellers with a layout that was spacious, comfortable and easy to get around."
But in a "people's choice" poll of more than 19,000 people, a University of Melbourne team – Eduardo Velasquez, Manuel Pineda and Santiago Medina – came out on top.
The design evisaged by Eduardo Velasquez, Manuel Pineda and Santiago Medina.
The team, who all hail from Colombia, proposed creating rolling parkland on the station's roof.
It's unclear when the new Flinders Street station will be unveiled to the public; the state government has so far not allocated any funding to the project.
Alums of a disgraced for-profit college chain have spent years trying to cancel their federal student loans. For three years in federal court, the Obama Department of Education told them to keep on paying. Improbably, the Trump administration is poised to say differently.
Under a preliminary accord, the federal government would invite tens of thousands of former students, who more than 20 years ago attended beauty and secretarial schools owned by defunct Wilfred American Education Corp., to petition the Education Department to cancel their unpaid debt and receive refunds on past payments, according to four people familiar with the case, who spoke on condition of anonymity because they were discussing confidential settlement negotiations. The applications are almost certain to be approved, these people said, and the government would foot the bill.
The deal-which is not complete and may change-would resolve a 2014 class-action lawsuit against the Education Department brought by seven former Wilfred students who claimed the feds for decades had been wrongfully collecting on debt that students needn't repay. Federal law allows borrowers to cancel their loans when their schools violate certain rules, and Wilfred routinely flouted the law by falsely certifying that its students were eligible for government loans, according to the complaint. The lawsuit claimed the department knew the loans were eligible to be forgiven, yet it made no effort to inform debtors of this right.
If finalized, the settlement would represent one of the largest debt-forgiveness schemes undertaken by the Education Department. That it didn't happen under Obama, who championed student debt relief measures, and instead could happen under Trump, who in November agreed to pay $25 million to settle several lawsuits tied to their own foray into for-profit education, could upend expectations that a Trump-overseen Education Department would favor the interests of for-profit schools over those of allegedly defrauded students.
Jim Margolin, a spokesperson for Preet Bharara, the former U.S. attorney in Manhattan, whose office is arguing the case on the government's behalf, declined to comment. So did Camilla Jenkins, a spokesperson for New York Legal Assistance Group, whose lawyers represent former Wilfred students, and Eileen Connor, who also represents former Wilfred students as the directest of litigation at Harvard Law School's Project on Predatory Student Lending. Jim Bradshaw, an Education Department spokesperson, didn't return messages seeking comment.
Wilfred was once one of the largest for-profit school operators in the country, with 58 schools and more than 11,000 students in 1988, court documents show. Like many for-profit schools, it recruited low-income women with the promise of a higher-paying job and a better life, former students alleged. It reportedly ran advertisements around welfare offices. Federal student loans and grants were responsible for most of Wilfred's revenue.
Allegations of impropriety haunted the company for much of its existence. Authorities sued the company several times, alleging fraud, and in 1991 Wilfred was found guilty of mail fraud and making false statements in two separate criminal cases in federal court.
In 1996, an Education Department employee wrote in a memorandum to their bosses that “systemic violations” of federal student aid rules had been discovered at Wilfred's schools as early as 1984, court filings show. They recommended that many student loans connected to Wilfred should be discharged as a result.
“We have made substantial progress toward a final settlement,” Jane Greengold Stevens, a lawyer for the former Wilfred students, said in a March 9 court filing. They asked to meet with U.S. District Judge Robert Sweet to discuss “certain nonstandard procedures” the two sides are considering before they submit a potential settlement for court approval.
Ana Salazar, the lead plaintiff in the suit against the Education Department, is among some 60,000 people who took out government-guaranteed student loans to attend Wilfred. They claimed in court papers that they signed federal financial aid forms when they enrolled in 1988, even though they didn't speak English at the time.
The settlement discussions began in earnest last year, after the federal appeals court in Manhattan overruled a 2015 district court ruling in favor of the Obama administration that dismissed Salazar's lawsuit on a technicality.
The Trump administration could decide to reject any final settlement. And Wilfred students' hopes have been crushed before. For example, in June 2014, a few months after they sued the feds, President Barack Obama ordered the Education Department to improve how it communicated with vulnerable borrowers struggling with their debt-a sign that the administration might ultimately agree with former Wilfred students. Two weeks later, the Education Department tried to dismiss the Wilfred lawsuit by arguing that it was under no obligation to inform debtors that they could discharge their potentially invalid loans.
“The indications coming from the Trump Education Department so far is that it may be abandoning students who have been abused by for-profit colleges,” said David Halperin, a lawyer in Washington and a frequent critic of for-profit schools. “If in fact the administration approves a strong settlement, it would suggest there is hope yet.”
(c) 2017, Bloomberg · Shahien Nasiripour
Advertisements
comments
The Department of Justice on Thursday announced charges against two former House staffers related to their circulation of “private, nude images and videos” of a House member and the member's spouse.
The U.S. Attorney's Office of the District of Columbia announced that a grand jury indicted Juan R. McCullum on two counts of cyberstalking and Dorene Browne-Louis on two counts of obstruction of justice.
According to the release, McCullum offered to help the House member, who the Department of Justice did not name, by taking the member's “malfunctioning” iPhone to an Apple Store and “was not given permission to take, copy, or distribute any of the contents of the iPhone,” which contained the images and video.
After McCullum left their job as a staffer, the Department of Justice said, they created “a Facebook social media account, using a fictitious name, to distribute and post the private images and videos” and “encouraged others” to share them in the member's district.
“McCullum also sent text messages to Browne-Louis alerting them to their activities,” according to the statement. Browne-Louis allegedly deleted those messages and made “false, incomplete, and misleading statements” to law enforcement and a grand jury.
Browne-Louis made their first court appearance Thursday and pleaded not guilty, according to the Department of Justice, while McCullum's first appearance was not yet scheduled.
McCullum and Browne-Louis both worked in the office of Del. Stacey Plaskett (D-Virgin Islands), according to the Hill and InsideGov.com. McCullum was Plaskett's general counsel and made the Hill's “Most Beautiful” list in 2015. Before working on Capitol Hill, they went by “Pretty” on VH1's reality television show “I Love New York.”
Politico in July 2016 reported that a “private” video of Plaskett's husband was posted online, as was a photo of Plaskett partially nude. Plaskett acknowledged both as real and said personal “photographs and a private family video” were copied from their computer.
“The theft and distribution of these personal images via the internet marks a new low in Virgin Islands politics,” Plaskett said in a statement to Politico. “I am shocked and deeply saddened that someone would stoop to such a level as to invade my marriage and the love of my family in an attempt to besmirch me politically.”
This weekend, Patrick Kane turned 24 and celebrated by taking to the Swiss Alps with their EHC Biel-Bienne teammates at 2 a.m. after a night of birthday partying. Unbeknownst to him, it is illegal to ski while intoxicated in Switzerland and Kane has been arrested on suspicion of SWI.
“Mr. Kane was not the only one on the hill,” a police spokesperson said. “But they were the easiest to catch as they had never skied before.”
This is not Kaner's first issue with drinking, as they had an altercation with a Buffalo cab driver in 2009; was photographed drinking and shirtless in a Vancouver limo in 2010; and earlier this year, on Cinco De Mayo, was videotaped stumbling all over the University of Wisconsin campus.
Kane has scored nine points in five games for Switzerland's EHC Biel-Bienne while they wait for NHL Commissioner Gary Bettman to pull their head out of their ass.
Navy Seeks Officers for Specialty Career Path Program
From Navy Personnel Command Public Affairs
MILLINGTON, Tenn. (NNS) -- The Navy is accepting applications from eligible officers for the Fiscal Year 2013 (FY-13) Specialty Career Path (SCP) Program, according to a Navy message released May 29.
The SCP Program provides officers alternatives to the traditional command-at-sea-career path and supports demand for senior unrestricted line officer expertise in growing mission areas, according to NAVADMIN 167/12.
The program is designed to develop and utilize selected officers in the following distinct specialty career paths:
Operations Analysis
Financial Management
Naval Operational Planner
Anti-terrorism/Force Protection
Shore Installation Management
Anti-Submarine Warfare
Mine Warfare
Missile Defense
Strategic Sealift
Education and Training Management
The FY-13 SCP Selection Board will be held July 23 - 27, 2012 at Navy Personnel Command (NPC). Applications must be received at NPC no later than June 25. Eligibility information and application procedures can be found in the NAVADMIN.
Officers who meet eligibility requirements may apply for up to two specialty career paths. The board will select eligible officers best qualified to serve the needs of the Navy in each specialty career path. Selectees will retain their original officer designator and will receive an additional qualification designator that indicates their area of specialization.
Specialty career path provide selectees jobs with increasing complexity and responsibility. Officers will gain experience and develop management and leadership skills that will best serve the Navy while providing enhanced opportunity for successful career transition upon retirement.
The FY-13 SCP Selection Board will also screen previously unselected SCP lieutenant commanders and commanders for SCP executive (XO) and commanding officer (CO) billets within their mission areas. SCP XO and CO screened officers will be eligible to fill designated SCP milestone billets.
For more information read NAVADMIN 167/12 and visit the SCP section of the NPC website at http://www.public.navy.mil/bupers-npc/officer/Detailing/surfacewarfare/Pages/SpecialtyCareerPath.aspx.
For more news from Navy Personnel Command, visit www.navy.mil/local/npc/.
Download give a larger version.After doing the mechanical wing studies for the first Steampunk Fluttershy pic, a few ideas started hitting. I could have been more elaborate in terms of the blimps' designs, but nothing is ever really final.. so they will do for nowOne thing I was not sure is if I would keep actual pegasi in there or have them with that sort of 'prosthetic' wings. I equiped RD with metal wing extenders to deal with lower air density as well as a rocket whereas I kept Fluttershy's full-metal ones. Starting to think I should do some a more elaborate sort of exo-wing design to 'adapt' to existing wings.Just doesnt seem fair that Fluttershy 'lost' their wings.. otherwise I'd have to create 'horns' for unicornsI did have fun with this one.. let me know what you think!
Blog: Trump's victory has given a shot in the arm to the world's leading arms dealers, reports Melissa Hancock.
Share prices in some of the world's leading arms manufacturers have risen dramatically since Donald Trump swept to a striking victory in the US presidential elections on November 9.
Shares in BAE Systems, Britain's largest weapons manufacturer, soared to a record high on the back of the news; of the company's £18bn ($22bn) annual revenue, roughly 40 percent is currently generated in the US.
The shares, which are listed on the London Stock Exchange, rose by 6.75 percent on November 9 to close the day at £5.85 per share, according to data provided by investment research company Morningstar.
Meanwhile, the share prices of four of the major US arms companies - all listed on the New York Stock Exchange – also climbed rapidly the same day to close trading substantially higher.
Shares in missile-maker Raytheon rose by 7.47 percent to $146.71, while Lockheed Martin - maker of the staggeringly over-budget fifth-generation F-35 stealth fighter jet - rose by 5.97 percent to $253.46.
Shares in General Dynamics, who make miniguns and M1 Abrams tanks, rose by 5.40 percent to $162.09 - and Northrop Grumman, the corporation behind the B-2 Stealth bomber, rose by 5.41 percent to $242.30, according to Morningstar data.
Shares in Tomahawk missile manufacturer Raytheon surged in the hours after Donald Trump's victory was announced [GoogleFinance]
On November 9, hours after Trump's win, equity and fund research provider CFRA upgraded its advice on all four NYSE-listed dealers. Lockheed went from 'Hold' to 'Strong Buy', while share-dealers were advised to buy General Dynamics shares, having previously been advised merely to 'Hold' onto the ones they had. Advice on Raytheon shares were similarly upgraded to 'Buy' from 'Hold', and Northrup Grummon were boosted to 'Hold' from 'Sell'.
The positive growth trend continued as the week went on. Between November 9 and November 16, BAE Systems recorded a cumulative share price increase of 9.40 percent, while the corresponding data point stood at 7.07 percent for Raytheon, 10.1 percent for Lockheed Martin, 7.84 percent for General Dynamics and 6.75 percent for Northrop Grumman.
During the presidential campaign, Trump frequently used hawkish rhetoric and pledged to "rebuild our depleted military" and "repeal the defense sequester" which went into effect in 2013 after Congress failed to reach a new budget agreement.
They also called for a state-of-the-art missile defence system, as well as pledging to increase the Army by between 75,000 and 540,000 soldiers, to build 42 new ships for the Navy, giving it 350 ships in its armada, and to "provide the air force with 1,200 fighter aircraft it needs".
Lockheed Martin shares also jumped in price following the election result [GoogleFinance]
Trump did not outline how large the increase in military spending would be, but speaking on the sidelines of a speech that they gave to the Union League of Philadelphia on September 7, one of their aides estimated that eliminating the sequester would amount to a roughly $500bn reinvestment over 10 years.
More specifically, Trump has been very vocal in pledging to join forces with Russia to fight the Islamic State group and Syrian rebels inside Syria.
Cruise missiles, particularly the Tomahawk manufactured and sold by Raytheon for upwards of $500,000 per missile, have been used extensively by the US military in its campaign against IS in Syria and their use now only looks set to increase further.
Industry traders have also speculated that the boost to arms companies' share prices has been facilitated by Trump's campaign pledge to hold more NATO members to commitments to spend two percent of their GDP on defence.
Only five of NATO's 28 member-states reportedly meet this commitment at present.
"Following a Donald Trump election night victory, we now expect a more positive defence spending environment, reflecting Republican control of all branches of government and Trump's stated priorities to increase defense spending," noted Jim Corridore, equity analyst at CFRA in their most recent research outlook on the US defence industry, published on November 13.
"We think that a Republican majority in both Houses plus the Presidency could lead to an end to sequestration and higher defence budgets in coming years. Year to date through November 4, the S&P Aerospace & Defense Index rose 6.6 percent, versus a 2.4 percent increase for the S&P Industrials Index and a 0.3 percent decline for the S&P 1500 Composite Indexes."
In short, at least for arms dealers, business is booming.
Follow Melissa Hancock on Twitter: @MelissaHancock0
Genesis 30:1-24 New International Version (NIV)
30 When Rachel saw that they were not bearing Jacob any children, they became jealous of their sister. So they said to Jacob, “Give me children, or I'll die!”
2 Jacob became angry with them and said, “Am I in the place of God, who has kept you from having children?”
3 Then they said, “Here is Bilhah, my servant. Sleep with them so that they can bear children for me and I too can build a family through her.”
4 So they gave them their servant Bilhah as a wife. Jacob slept with her, 5 and they became pregnant and bore them a son. 6 Then Rachel said, “God has vindicated me; they have listened to my plea and given me a son.” Because of this they named them Dan.
7 Rachel's servant Bilhah conceived again and bore Jacob a second son. 8 Then Rachel said, “I have had a great struggle with my sister, and I have won.” So they named them Naphtali.
9 When Leah saw that they had stopped having children, they took their servant Zilpah and gave them to Jacob as a wife. 10 Leah's servant Zilpah bore Jacob a son. 11 Then Leah said, “What good fortune!” So they named them Gad.
12 Leah's servant Zilpah bore Jacob a second son. 13 Then Leah said, “How happy I am! The women will call me happy.” So they named them Asher.
14 During wheat harvest, Reuben went out into the fields and found some mandrake plants, which they brought to their mother Leah. Rachel said to Leah, “Please give me some of your son's mandrakes.”
15 But they said to her, “Wasn't it enough that you took away my husband? Will you take my son's mandrakes too?”
“Very well,” Rachel said, “he can sleep with you tonight in return for your son's mandrakes.”
16 So when Jacob came in from the fields that evening, Leah went out to meet him. “You must sleep with me,” they said. “I have hired you with my son's mandrakes.” So they slept with them that night.
17 God listened to Leah, and they became pregnant and bore Jacob a fifth son. 18 Then Leah said, “God has rewarded me for giving my servant to my husband.” So they named them Issachar.
19 Leah conceived again and bore Jacob a sixth son. 20 Then Leah said, “God has presented me with a precious gift. This time my husband will treat me with honor, because I have borne them six sons.” So they named them Zebulun.
21 Some time later they gave birth to a daughter and named them Dinah.
22 Then God remembered Rachel; they listened to them and enabled them to conceive. 23 They became pregnant and gave birth to a son and said, “God has taken away my disgrace.” 24 They named them Joseph, and said, “May the Lord add to me another son.”
As developers, we should always strive to be become better at our craft, no matter whether you started yesterday or ten years ago. With the rapid growth and expansion of programming languages, APIs, tools, and other items typically available to a developer's arsenal, there is always an opportunity to learn something new and grow as a developer.
I would never consider myself a great developer, but I am a far superior developer today than the developer I was three years ago, and even the developer I was just six months ago.
There are so many ways that we can grow as developers and I'd like to share a few of the methods that have helped me.
1. Have an attitude to learn
To get better you must want to get better. Period. Do you remember your high school math class where you wanted to be anywhere but there? Probably. Do you remember any of the advanced techniques they tried to teach you? Far less likely. To truly learn and retain a more advanced development knowledge, you have to yearn to get better. If you don't want to get better, you will likely never see anything but minor improvement.
Your attitude towards learning goes a long way.
2. Challenge yourself with difficult projects
No developer will ever get better by always working on the easy projects. To grow as a developer, you must step out of your comfort zone and challenge yourself with tasks that are far beyond your current skill level.
One of the biggest weaknesses I often see in developers is the “this is too hard” mentality. Bullshit. Nothing is too hard, you just don't yet have the knowledge or know how to accomplish the task at hand. Being faced with technical challenges is very different than mental challenges. You may not be able to make a processor run faster, but you can find ways to make the processes take less power.
Taking a difficult challenge head on with a mentality of “I will solve this” is one of the single greatest steps you can take in becoming a developer. It is also a great life lesson.
With every difficult challenge you take on, you will learn something new, even if you fail to complete the task. It may be that you learn how poor a previous design decision was, or it may be that you learn of a new-to-you technical limitation that the programming language you're working in has.
3. Direct yourself
Becoming a better developer means helping yourself. If you stand around waiting for step-by-step directions, you will never get better. You may get really good at reading instructions, but you will be lost when forced to do it on your own.
Having someone to mentor and teach you are a wonderful luxury, but it is also a crutch. If you rely on the direction of others, you will have a really hard time freeing yourself from those chains.
If you come up against a challenge, work on it. Dig into it until you find a hint at the solution. Pursue that hint until it turns into a brick wall or opens up into another hint. Eventually, after you find enough hints, you will have a solution. If you run out of technical knowledge, go and seek more. If you're working with an API and don't know how to retrieve some particular data, research the documentation, and if that fails, dig into the source code.
Directing yourself at finding solutions is one of the best things you can do to become a better developer. Forcing yourself to discover a solution will drive that knowledge home and it will stay there. Copying and pasting an answer from someone else will end the same way your highschool math classes did.
Self direction is one of the number one attributes that I look for when deciding whether to work with a developer. If I'm going to have to guide them through the entire project, we will not be a good fit.
Wind power is on a roll in the US despite a fickle Congress and the machinations of Big Coal and Big Gas to keep all the subsidies for themselves. And one of the world's most successful investors, Warren Buffett, has noticed.
As of the end of the first quarter of 2015, 13.6 gigawatts of electricity generating capacity from wind is being constructed in 23 states via 100 projects. About $23 billion worth of new wind farms are being implemented. US wind power is expected to double, at the least, by 2020.
BHE Renewables, a subsidiary of Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway, Inc., is going to open a 400 megawatt wind farm in Nebraska in 2016 that will increase the state's wind-generated electricity by 50% and take the state closer to its goal of getting a third of its power from renewables. Nebraska currently has 800 MW of wind-provided electrical power. The state utility will buy all of the new production. Related: How Much Would Zero Emissions Cost?
BHE Renewables, founded in 2011, has invested $10 billion to generate 3.4 gigawatts from hydroelectric, geothermal, solar and wind plants. Utilities make long-term agreements to buy the energy. Since the fuel for these plants is free, there's money to be made in generating electricity this way.
The 400 MW wind farm project was announced at the company's annual shareholder meeting in Omaha.
Responding, at the meeting, to criticisms that Coca-Cola (in which BH invests) has too much sugar, vice chairperson Charlie Munger, 91, insisted that sugar has kept their arteries from hardening. Buffett was quick to say that the two are not talking up Coca-Cola, since they hope to buy more of its stock. People would be wrong to think they would do that, Buffett said. Related: Key Signals That Oil Prices Are On The Up
According to USA Today, Munger agreed: “If people weren't so often wrong, we wouldn't be so rich.”
The same principle seems to apply to Berkshire Hathaway's massive investments in wind. Why wouldn't everyone do that?
Another Berkshire Hathaway subsidiary, MidAmerican Energy Company, is active in Iowa and the Midwest and it is putting nearly another $1 billion into wind in Iowa. MidAmerican said Friday that since 2004, it has invested almost $6 billion in wind energy. In Iowa, it currently powers some 1.2 million homes with 4 gigawatts of wind energy. The new projects will increase wind electricity by 522 megawatts in that state. That's about half the nameplate capacity of a small nuclear power plant. Related: Audi's Fuel Breakthrough Could Revolutionize The Automotive Sector
With two new wind farms finished, MidAmerican Energy will have 2000 wind turbines in Iowa. Even today, the state gets 27% of its electricity from wind, the highest of any state in the country, and it seems likely to go on up from there. Iowa avoids on the order of 9 million metric tons of CO2 emissions annually because of its wind generation. (In 2011 the state put out 84 million metric tons of CO2).
The state's record on renewables allows it to implement EPA carbon regulations much less painfully than will be the case in many other states.
Wind energy employs 6,000 people in Iowa, up by 2000 from 2013.
Cleaner air and avoiding pollution and climate change will also improve Iowans' health. Otherwise, they are looking at shortages of clean water, increased asthma in children, increased infectious diseases, and a host of other problems.
By Juan Cole of InformedComment
More Top Reads From Oilprice.com:
0 of 8
Rich Schultz/Getty Images
The Chicago Bears might be on the upswing after upending the Baltimore Ravens in Week 6, 27-24, but it is no secret the team has a serious problem at wide receiver.
That upset of the Ravens at home to tally only a second win of the season provides a good example. There, despite an improved quarterback situation thanks to rookie Mitchell Trubisky, three of the top four leaders in targets were tight ends or running backs—only two wideouts overall received targets all day.
We knew going into the season wideout would be a major problem, though. The front office tried to rejuvenate the depth chart with Kendall Wright and Markus Wheaton. But Kevin White fizzled out before another injury instead of developing, and Cameron Meredith—a breakout star from a year ago—also suffered a season-ending injury.
With Trubisky showing flashes of major upside, the Bears need to aggressively attack the position next year to find a complement or two alongside Meredith. Trades and free agency are on the table in this pursuit below.
The Khronos Group announced today Vulkan, its next generation API for high performance 3D graphics and GPU-based computation.
Vulkan, previously known as Next Generation OpenGL or just GLnext, is designed to be a low-overhead API that facilitates multithreaded 3D development, enabling different threads to simultaneously prepare batches of commands to send to the GPU. It gives developers greater control of generating commands, putting tasks such as memory and thread management in their hands rather than relying on video drivers to handle these responsibilities. In so doing, it greatly reduces the amount of work that the driver must perform.
The new API was created to make it a better fit for modern hardware: GPUs are complex, highly programmable devices, and CPUs have abundant cores and multithreading support.
It represents the fourth graphics API aiming to offer this kind of control and the performance gains that come with it. AMD's Mantle, Microsoft's DirectX 12, and Apple's Metal were all developed with similar goals in mind. However, these are all platform limited in one way or another; Mantle only works with AMD GPUs, DirectX 12 only works in Windows, and Metal only works in iOS. Vulkan will span both GPU and operating system vendors, continuing in the footsteps of the cross-platform, vendor-neutral OpenGL before it.
Vulkan is also intended as suitable for both mobile and desktop development. This is in contrast to OpenGL, which has the OpenGL ES variant for mobile and embedded systems. The duality is in part due to OpenGL's age; it includes old features that aren't really relevant to modern 3D programming, but which nonetheless remain part of the specification. OpenGL ES removes many of these to be a little slimmer and more streamlined. Vulkan will similarly do away with them, eliminating the need for a special mobile API variant.
With Vulkan, Khronos also hopes to simplify drivers in other ways by changing the way shader programs are compiled. Traditional OpenGL requires each display driver to contain a full compiler for shader programs written in the C-like GLSL shader language. This is complex, with ample room for bugs. Microsoft's Direct3D took a different approach; shader programs are compiled once, by the developer, into a bytecode. Display drivers only need to process this bytecode, which is a simpler task.
Vulkan drops the OpenGL way of handling shader programs in favor of the Direct3D approach. Developers will compile shaders into an intermediate form called SPIR-V, and it is this intermediate form that drivers will work with.
SPIR-V is a new spec developed in tandem with Vulkan. It's an update to SPIR 2.0, which was finalized last August.
SPIR has previously been Khronos' intermediate language for compute shaders, used for harnessing the GPU's power for non-graphical workloads using the OpenCL API. It's analogous to the Direct3D shader bytecode, but for compute tasks rather than graphics ones. It's useful for similar reasons, too. OpenCL supports developing these programs using a C-like language, but this is complex for OpenCL drivers, as it means that they must support compilation of that C-like language. Further, many developers do not want to use C.
SPIR provides a solution. Compilers can emit SPIR intermediate code, and drivers can process that directly. This avoids both the complexity of supporting the C-like language, and it gives developers much more flexibility: there are, among others, JavaScript, C++, Python, Java, and Haskell-based languages for writing these GPU compute programs, with the compilers producing SPIR code.
SPIR-V unifies graphics and computation. Both OpenCL 2.1, also announced today, and Vulkan will ingest programs in SPIR-V intermediate code. These could be graphical shader programs originally written in GLSL, they could be computational shader programs originally written in OpenCL C, or they could use alternative development languages; they'll all be compiled to SPIR-V. As such, display drivers will only need to handle one shader language.
As well as SPIR-V, OpenCL 2.1 also includes support for writing GPU compute programs in a specialized subset of C++.
OpenCL 2.1 is available today as a provisional specification. Vulkan is available as a preview, and later today in San Francisco at GDC, Valve and others are going to demonstrate early 3D engines based on early Vulkan drivers and code. The final Vulkan specification, along with the first wave of drivers to support it, is expected later this year.
OpenGL won't go away. The lower level control afforded by Vulkan means that it may not be a good fit for all programs. For them, traditional OpenGL, with the driver handling a greater part of the workload, could be the better fit. A similar situation exists with Direct3D 11 and 12. As such, OpenGL (and Direct3D 11) will continue to have a developer audience, and Khronos intends to continue OpenGL development going forward to meet the needs of this audience.
The forthcoming existence of both Vulkan and DirectX 12 does have one consequence—it will render AMD's Mantle largely obsolete. Mantle was an early attempt at offering the same kind of optimization and efficiency that Direct3D 12 and Vulkan strive for, but being AMD-specific, it's inevitably going to fall behind in developer interest and uptake.
As such, Mantle's future looks a little unclear. New games supporting Mantle are likely to come out this year—right now it's the only one of these high performance APIs that's actually usable on the PC—but AMD yesterday told developers that going forward, if they're after the kind of features and capabilities of the current Mantle API, they're better off investing their time in Microsoft's or Khronos's API. AMD originally intended to release a public SDK (it's currently private, and only available to selected partners); that looks unlikely to happen now, in favor of providing guidance for these other APIs.
However, the company stopped short of saying that it would discard Mantle entirely. AMD writes that Mantle "must take on new capabilities" and will "continue to serve AMD as a graphics innovation platform available to select partners with custom needs." This suggests that the API will stick around in private, and it may serve as a testbed or showcase for AMD-specific capabilities or innovations.
After four hours of deliberation over two days, a Northampton County jury ruled Thursday the city of Bethlehem and one of its firefighters are not liable in the death of a man whose car collided with a fire engine out on an emergency call.
In issuing the verdict, the jury rejected the claim that the city was at fault in the death of 60-year-old William Samer in a 2008 accident with the fire engine on Eighth Avenue.
Samer's widow, Judith Samer, sought monetary damage and their lawyers argued negligence by veteran city firefighter Frank Dashner IV, who steered the fire engine around a bottleneck at a red light and into the opposing lane as they tried to quickly get to the call, which turned out to be a false alarm.
At least one juror appeared to be emotional as the verdict was issued, wiping their eyes and rubbing them face.
Robert Hanna Jr., a lawyer for Bethlehem, also wiped tears from their eyes after the ruling. They had argued Dashner, a 25-year-veteran, was driving safely and cautiously when Samer, of Hanover Township, Northampton County, lost control of their car for an unknown reason.
In issuing the verdict, the jury rejected the claim that the city was at fault in the death of 60-year-old William Samer in the 2008 accident with the fire engine on Eighth Avenue. (APRIL BARTHOLOMEW / THE MORNING CALL )
Dashner did not attend Thursday's hearing due to the emotional toll it took upon them to testify the previous day, Hanna said.
"I am relieved for Frank and I am relieved for the city," Hanna said. "Frank has really been through a lot in this and they were very, very stressed out."
Hanna said the jury was 10-2 in favor of the city, adding the verdict did not need to be unanimous in a civil trial. Dashner continues to drive fire engines, though has questioned that choice, Hanna said.
"He has wondered if they could be doing something else within the department," Hanna said. "Frank has been very, very much affected by this."
Daniel Munley, an attorney for Samer's estate, had argued that Dashner should have never driven in the wrong lane, which clashes with the fire department's rule to avoid it when possible.
Samer's family declined to comment afterward, but Munley said they are "disappointed" in the verdict.
"It is obvious that the jury took this very seriously because they deliberated over two days," Munley said. "We feel very strongly in the position that we took in this case."
Dashner decided to take the ladder truck the wrong way down a divided street by cutting across an opening in the median because the opposing lane of travel was wide open. Dashner testified they moved the 35,000-pound engine at a crawl and oncoming drivers yielded in the far right lane to their lights and sirens.
But, Samer's car pulled out of the line of vehicles and sped up the road. The engine was at a complete stop at the time Samer lost control of their sports car and crashed into it, according to court testimony.
The accident occurred Oct. 24, 2008, as Dashner responded to the false alarm at Service Electric Cable TV.
In 2009, Lehigh County District Attorney Jim Martin ruled that Dashner would not face criminal charges. Police said Samer drove nearly a half-mile with the fire engine in sight.
pamela.lehman@mcall.com
Twitter @pamelalehman
610-820-6790
Use GoCD for Android and get rid of Jenkins
As an Android developer, who does not know Jenkins?
Jenkins is the #1 integration server by far. I have been personally using it for 4 years now, i.e. since I started Android development professionally. But sometimes you have to kill your old habits and try something new!
This article is about Go CD, another continuous integration server, with a different and interesting approach. This is not a wizard but rather a description and feedback about my experiments with its key features on Android.
Context
Last month, I gave a talk about continuous delivery on Android and this is my conclusion slide:
I thought a lot about this because I realized that my integration server was not reflecting at all this slide and that it would be interesting to have a more pipeline approach.
Why Go CD ?
Most of the projects I have been working on (and at Captain Train also) needed to be self-hosted. I know there are a lot of great tools like Travis CI, Circle CI or Codeship for instance but there are all PaaS solution.
Go CD was providing the pipeline approach I was looking for:
Small steps over monolythic script. Indeed, like you are breaking your code into small methods, you should break your pipeline into small steps. Small steps make it easier to debug and maintain. Automation over human process. It permits to avoid human errors. Automate as much as possible, even the smallest task. Visualization over supposition. If you can visualize easily and precisely your process, it is far better than any explanation.
Let's get started with its main principles now.
One server to control them all
Every Go CD setup need one server to control several agents. Basically, an agent can be considered as a worker. When there is work to do, server distributes it to its agents. As you may have guessed, you will need at least one agent and one server to get started.
First installation
Now let's see how we can use Go CD with Android.
First, I installed a Go Server and a Go Agent. It is pretty straight forward. Every following configuration has to be made on the Go Server since the agent only executes what the server gives it.
To be able to play with Android build system, I had to install an Android SDK for the agent. Since Android uses Gradle, I also had to install a Gradle plugin. All plugins supported and maintained are available on Go CD website.
Finally, you also need to declare your ANDROID_HOME as environment variable that points to your Android SDK. I won't cover it in this article, but Go CD provides a way to configure environments and its variables easily. You can find more information about this in their documentation.
Value Stream Map
They are several definitions around Go CD that must be understood before playing with it. These concepts must be mastered because they are the base of building a great pipeline.
Material : It starts a Pipeline . Most of the time, it will be your Git repository, but it could also be the availability of an artifact or even another Pipeline .
Task : It is a command. Task must be as small as possible (as long as it makes sense) in order to have a quick feedback on what was wrong.
Job : It consists of several Tasks which are sequential, i.e. they are run one after the other. Tasks of the same job are always run on the same agent.
Stage : It consists of several Jobs which are not sequential, i.e. they are run in parallel and potentially by various agents.
Pipeline: It consists of several Stages which are sequential. It is started by a Material .
The Value Stream Map is just the representation of a Pipeline . Splitting this Pipeline into small pieces makes it very powerful: quick feedback, speedup and parallelization.
An Android pipeline
AndroidDebug pipeline
The first pipeline consists in building a debug APK triggered by a new commit in the dev Git branch. If you followed me about the Value Stream Map, let's dive into Stages, Job and Tasks.
Stage — Compile Job — Compile Task — Compile with Gradle task :app:compileDebugSources Stage — Tests Job — Units Task — Unit testing with Gradle task :app:testDebug Task - Upload unit tests report to a S3 repository - Job — Integration Task — Instrumentation testing: Gradle task :app:connectedAppTest . Basically, I use the Genymotion Gradle plugin to start a new device, run my tests with Espresso, use Spoon and stop the device. Task - Upload spoon report to a S3 repository Stage — Quality Job — Lint Task — Lint with Gradle task :app:lintDebug Task - Upload lint report to a S3 repository - Job — SonarQube Task - Run SonarQube client (analyse and upload to SonarQube server) Stage — Assemble Job — Assemble Task — Assemble debug APK with Gradle task :app:assembleDebug Task — Upload debug APK to a S3 repository
We now have the continuous integration pipeline that will be using along our developments.
AndroidRelease pipeline
This second pipeline consists in building the release APK triggered by a new commit in master (merge from dev branch).
Stage — Assemble Job — Assemble Task — Assemble release APK with Gradle task :app:assembleRelease Task — Run analyse on APK to retrieve statistics Task — Upload release APK and statistics to a S3 repository
At this step, we generated the release APK that we can deliver to the Play Store.
Screenshots pipeline
This third pipeline consists in taking screenshots. I chose to make it a new screenshot in order to be able to run it independently that the Play Store delivery. It will be triggered by the last pipeline. Once the release APK is generated, we can start generating screenshots.
Stage — Screenshots Job — Screenshots Task — Run the script that takes screenshots of my application Task — Run the script that will generate frame screenshots and other assets Task — Upload every asset to a S3 repository
Publishing pipeline
This forth and final pipeline aims at delivering to the Play Store our release APK, our listings and our screenshots. This pipeline is triggered by two materials: the last two pipeline results. Basically, we create two materials watching our S3 repository for new screenshots and a new release APK.
Stage — Publish Job — Publish Task — Run our publishing scripts that will upload our APK, screenshots and listings
Conclusion
With these pipelines, first we stick to my introduction slide which was my goal. We also have very detailed steps that will allow us easy maintenance and debug. Indeed, new tasks can be added, tried and improved without modifying the whole system. Granularity is everything.
This article is just me experimenting with what I consider to be an alternative to my old Jenkins.
Obviously, we have to be pragmatic and moving out of Jenkins right away would probably be a mistake. Indeed, you must verify that everything you achieve with Jenkins can be reproduced with Go CD. However, you should at least try and see if it can help you delivery faster and better apps.
On my side, I am still playing with Go CD and trying to convince my team is a work-in-progress.
A music legend fights Alzheimer's disease on their unforgettable farewell tour. CNN Films Presents:" Glen Campbell ... I'll Be Me ," Saturday, November 7, at 8 p.m. ET.
(CNN) Over the years, resveratrol, an antioxidant found in grapes, chocolate and red wine, has been touted as a possible antidote to Alzheimer's disease, cancer, diabetes and many other conditions. Now, the first study in people with Alzheimer's suggests that the compound, when taken in concentrated doses, may actually have benefit in slowing progression of this disease.
Researchers at 21 medical centers across the United States looked at the safety and effectiveness of taking high doses of resveratrol in an experimental pill -- equal to the amount found in 1,000 bottles of red wine -- in people with mild to moderate Alzheimer's.
The researchers looked at several biomarkers of Alzheimer's, and found that people who took up to four pills a day for a year had higher levels of amyloid-beta proteins in their spinal fluid than those who took a placebo (control) pill.
Although accumulation of amyloid-beta in the brain is a hallmark of Alzheimer's disease, patients actually have lower levels of this protein outside of the brain. The study finding suggests that resveratrol could help change the balance from amyloid-beta buildup in the brain to circulating protein in the body.
Even if concentrated forms of resveratrol pills like the kind used in this study were available, it's too soon to recommend going out and getting some just yet.
"The study is encouraging enough that we should certainly go ahead and do a [larger] clinical trial because we showed that it is safe and does have significant effects on Alzheimer's biomarkers," said Dr. R. Scott Turner, professor of neurology at Georgetown University Medical Center and lead investigator of the study, which was published on Friday in the journal Neurology.
The main goal of the current study, which included 119 patients, was to find out whether high doses of resveratrol could be safe. The only small concern they found was that patients taking resveratrol lost about two pounds during the one-year study, and weight loss is already a problem with Alzheimer's, Turner said. In comparison, the control group gained about 1 pound.
Much more research is needed
The study was not big enough to answer some important questions, such as whether patients taking resveratrol actually had lower levels of amyloid-beta plaques in their brain, and most importantly, whether they experienced less decline in their mental faculties.
A large, phase 3 clinical trial getting at these issues could start in as soon as a year, Turner said. (The current study was a phase 2 trial, typically meant to evaluate safety and get an early look at efficacy of a new drug.)
Even for the relatively small number of participants in the study, the researchers did see indication that resveratrol could improve cognition. Patients in this group had slight improvements in their ability to carry out daily tasks, such as remembering to brush their teeth. And anecdotally, patients who took resveratrol told the researchers that they felt like they were maintaining their mental ability. (Neither the participants nor the researchers knew who was taking resveratrol and who was taking placebo.)
"To really get a better feel of how effective this could be you really need to do larger studies for longer periods of time (such as several years)," said James A. Hendrix, director of global science initiatives at the Alzheimer's Association, a research and advocacy organization. "Other potential therapies we've had had some early exciting results and then they didn't pan out in later trials," they added.
If resveratrol does pan out in further research, it may add to the medications that are currently available, such as Aricept and Exelon, which slow, but do not halt, progression of the disease, Hendrix said.
Ultimately, it will probably be a combination of several drugs, as well as diet, exercise and social and mental stimulation that help stave off the rapid mental decline that is often associated with Alzheimer's, they added.
Antioxidant may be most effective in combination
This is one of the first studies to look not only at these biomarkers, but also the metabolites of resveratrol in spinal fluid, to show that resveratrol is probably getting into the brain, said Dr. Giulio M. Pasinetti, who is the Saunders Family Chair and professor in neurology at the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai. However, they added that changes in biomarkers may not necessarily lead to mental and behavioral improvements, which larger studies will address.
In addition, resveratrol on its own might not end up working as well as a combination of resveratrol and other polyphenol compounds found in red wine, grape juice and grape seed extract, which could help people at risk of Alzheimer's and those who already have mild symptoms, Pasinetti said.
The current study used high doses of resveratrol to increase the chances that enough of the compound got into the brain to have an effect. But for now, the best way to get resveratrol is probably through diet. One glass of red wine a day could help those with mild Alzheimer's, "but no more than that," Turner said.
There is probably little benefit in taking currently available resveratrol supplements, even if they claim to contain levels similar to the ones used in this study. "The things that are on the market are not regulated, and you don't know how much is in them," Turner said. "There could be 500 milligrams, which is what they advertise [researchers gave participants in the study four 500 milligram pills a day] or there could be zero," they said.
Previous research has suggested that people who consume diets rich in resveratrol do not have lower rates of cancer, heart disease and other conditions.
Sea Song is a unique architectural design by Form4 Architecture to create sail-like roofed pavilions fused in the immeasurable natural beauty seen on the California coast.
Follow the architects: This remarkable prospect is even more rewarding when the territory is Big Sur, that magical strip of land below the Monterey Basin holding sparse traces of human occupation and much celebrated in 20th century American literature. Legendary mid-century writer Henry Miller, among many others, made it the center of their inner world. It epitomizes wilderness, the manifestation of the sublime on earth. It inspires awe, commands undivided attention, instills devotion. Its grand presence is palpable and emotionally overwhelming. Inhabiting this environment is a unique occurrence calling for an equally unique architecture.
The vast plane of the Pacific Ocean and the ruggedness of the coastline set the stage for this gentle architectural insertion. Unobtrusive by design, it is both private from the main road and utterly transparent to what lies ahead. Many descriptors capture what holds together this composition: a trio of gliding Manta Rays, expressive cellular design, a parallel topography to the existing one, sail-like roofed pavilions, a village of transparent huts, the list goes on. The birth name of this design is Sea Song, a poetic heading to match our heartfelt poignant reaction to this arresting site. These pure shapes are biomorphic, evocative of seashells, crustaceans, and other creatures of the water world, responsive to the rock formations and the existing ecosystem. Its environmental footprint is virtually null. They are soft on their footprint, being raised on a cantilevered podium, of minimum disturbance on the site.
Consistent with our commitment to environmental flight attendantship, Sea Song is an architectural creature breathing with its natural surroundings. This trio is designed to be self-sustaining, net zero energy, and aims at LEED Platinum certification. The full array of sustainable techniques is employed consolidating that the architecture is a natural extension of this site. Photo voltaics ease off-the-grid living. Self-cleaning glass, rainwater retention cistern, and xeriscape secure the sensible use of water sources. And the landscaping is intentionally kept non-formal, to reinforce the intent that Sea Song has always belonged to this site. Mecho-shades screen light passing through the wide expanses of glass, while the building cocoons itself against unwanted changes of the elements.
A curvilinear sensibility informs the shaping of the three pavilions. The geometry of the architecture remains fluid, unbroken, and in motion. Their arrangement on the ground and the delineation of each enclosure provide a continuum with no set boundaries between the inside and the outside. Internally, it is an immaterial enclosure with no corridors, all living spaces. The three structures are alike in mass and architectural elements, but scaled differently to adhere to the specific program requirements. Materials alone tell the story of the house. Concrete baths anchor forms to the earth where the programmatic part resides. All else floats in inebriating lightness. In each, the enclosed concrete split core holds service functions (bathrooms, walk-in closets, laundry), giving maximum open areas to the mostly column-free surrounding vistas, the determining experience for occupants and visitors throughout. Two bedrooms are clustered in the outer cell at the opposite end of the access road, whereas the master bedroom and a studio are located in the middle building. Point of arrival from the main thoroughfare is the bigger volume containing the public quarters, where guests can lounge in one uninterrupted flowing space.
Every chance to open the sightlines to the ocean was taken in these natural lyrical forms. In entering each pavilion at midpoint, a gap gives glimpses of the vastness that to expect beyond that threshold, anticipation and reward upon coming in. The interior surfaces exhibit warm natural materials and carefully positioned art pieces, yet are purposefully left plain to become background to It's majestic outside.
Bankster landlord (Photo: thinkpanama / Flickr)It's time to put an end to the financialization insanity that's hurting average people, destroying the American dream, and turning our economy into one big giant casino.
One of the most startling trends to come out of the wreckage of the 2007-2008 financial crisis is the explosion of Wall Street firms buying up and renting out property all across the country.
The housing glut and foreclosure crisis that was, for most Americans, the symbol of the devastation caused by the worst economic downturn of our lifetimes, was, for Wall Street a wonderful business opportunity.
A study from the Center for American Progress estimates that in the five plus years since the crash, “institutional investors [i.e. big banks and hedge funds] have… bought approximately 200,000 single-family homes at bargain prices and converted them into rental homes.”
Amazingly, the New York City-based hedge fund The Blackstone Group has focused so much of its resources on the real estate business that is now the single largest landlord in the entire country.
Now, I've known many people over the years who've decided to become landlords. It's a smart financial decision, the kind that middle class people used to do all the time to help them boost their income. Renting out your first or second home is a great way to earn some extra money, help pay the mortgage, or even make a living once you retire and no longer take home a paycheck.
But making a few extra bucks isn't why big banks and hedge funds are buying up thousands of houses every year. The real reason why they're so enthusiastic about throwing people out of their homes and flipping those houses into rental properties is that they want to repackage those properties and their rent payments into fancy financial products – remember derivatives? – that they can then sell to investors.
In other words, being a landlord is just another way for Blackstone Group and companies like it to make money with money. They don't produce anything at all, they don't add anything to our economy, they don't help any middle-class families, they just make money with money.
And given that that's all they do, it shouldn't be much of a surprise that, they're really, really bad at being landlords.
The activist coalition Housing For All recently surveyed hundreds of tenants living in Blackstone-owned properties in the Los Angeles area and what they found was startling.
Nearly half of the tenants surveyed said they had problems with their plumbing. Almost 40 percent said they had roach or insect infestation. Another 22 percent said they had issues with rodents or termites. A similar number of surveyed tenants said that had problems with heating, mold, and roof leaks.
All in all, not a pretty picture, and a picture made worse by the fact that only one in 10 Blackstone tenants said they had ever met a representative of their landlord in person.
While Blackstone gets rich repackaging homes into fancy financial products, the people who actually live in those homes suffer.
There have always been slumlords, but what we're seeing right now with Wall Street firms like Blackstone buying up home after home, renting them out, and then using rental payments as the basis for derivative securities is something new and totally dangerous.
The financial products Wall Street is creating with its new rental empire are basically a re-hashed version of the mortgage-backed securities that crashed our economy five years ago. There's a new bubble in the works, and if we're not careful, we could see another financial crisis sooner than you might think.
This is a perfect example of why we need to totally rethink the financialization of our economy.
Banks and financial institutions, especially regular, old-fashioned commercial banks, do have an important role to play in our economy. They facilitate commerce and help everyday people save and use their money through things like checking and savings accounts. In our economy, banks are supposed to provide that function.
There's even a place for Wall Street in our economy. When regulated and controlled, investment banking can provide opportunities for asset and investment growth that wouldn't otherwise exist.
But there's a huge difference between finance being just one part of our multifaceted economy and making it the dominant sector, as it is today.
There's also a difference between allowing Wall Street to play a small role in the banking industry and letting it control the industry, as Congress and President Bill Clinton allowed to happen by deregulating the big banks in 1999 and 2000.
We now live in a financialized country, and every part of our economy, whether it's the real estate market, the commodities market, or the manufacturing industry, is in thrall to the big banks and hedge funds on Wall Street.
This is insane — it's a recipe for disaster.
That's why it's time to go back to what worked for decades before Wall Street took control of the banking industry and the economy.
It's time to make banking boring again by putting a firewall between good old-fashioned checking-account “commercial banks” and the “investment bank” gambling houses on Wall Street.
Not only will this bring sanity to the banking industry, it'll also bring sanity to our entire economy as well, by protecting us from whatever crazy scheme Wall Street comes up with next.
Let the investment banks gamble all they want.
Just keep the rest of us, and our houses, out of it. Bring back Glass-Steagal.
The Whistler Bike Park is the sum of many individuals' effort, passion and hard work. Who Are They? is a little peek behind the curtains at the people who make Whistler Bike Park what it is.
The idea behind this came from enough half finished thoughts and overheard conversations on the lift. ‘They should do such and such' or ‘They ruined my favorite piece of trail' or ‘I'll tell you what they should do…'
It takes thinking and the application of knowledge to build trails, but most of all you need tool sounds.
But who are they? Are they faceless bureaucratic midgets that tinker and fettle with things just to annoy us? Are they some kind of fairy tale creature that magically appears at night to make our dreams come true? I doubted either because I'm lucky enough to live among the hundreds, perhaps thousands, of people that work behind the scenes to make it all come together so that all you or I see is our own kind of Disneyland, and I know there must be more than meets the eye. So why not take a look up the skirt of the Whistler Bike Park?
The list goes on and on. By the time these are ticked off there will be a lot more added to it. Sisyphean task.
In this first installment I followed the trail crew around to see what they really get up to and ask them what they think are some of the misconceptions. I hung out with the Thursday trail crew as they worked their way down Upper Whistler Downhill in an attempt to bring it kicking and screaming into the present. Long ago Upper Whistler Downhill was a fan favorite but riding styles changed and as the trail became more beaten it fell out of favor. Nowadays very few people ride it regularly, but the trail crew hopes that with a little love, a bit of elbow grease and some thinking they can re-establish it as a more widely used trail. They certainly aren't dumbing it down and it will never be a moderate trail, but what they are doing is just changing sections to make it less awkward, with more flow, and make it more inviting for riders who like downhill thrills rather than downhill trials drills. At the same time they want to make it a little more sustainable so they won't have to revisit it too often.
Insert tool sounds.
While they chipped away I got in their ear to find out more about the job, what kind of person is attracted to the job, and even asked them if they occasionally get flak for the work they do. Every trail area in the world has the kinds of riders that like to question the motives of the builders even if they themselves won't ever get on the long end of a tool handle. In the Bike Park everyone has been a critic at some point, others more vocal than others. I asked the trail crew about some of the run-ins they have or the opinions they hear from riders, and I was pleasantly surprised to hear most of it is good natured or full of praise. However, there are always some misunderstandings about the motives or direction of the trail crew's work, usually by the least educated of bikers.
Some tool sounds are bigger and louder than others.
This is by no means a comprehensive look at the trail crew, I never set out to do that. However, it is a little glimpse at the life of a Bike Park trail crew member. I'm already planning to revisit them but before then we might have to look around the other jobs and roles of the people of the Bike Park.
So there we have it – the answer to how many people are on the trail crew. Was that more or less than your guess? Send your praises below…
Make no mistake, the DROID Charge is a cool phone. It looks cool. Its boot screen looks cool. Hell, even the camera has been carefully crafted to look like some sort of crazy piece of future-tech.
In the past week, I've had three separate people ask me what phone it was (something that I never experienced with my Nexus One or the HTC Inspire), and then proceed in some way to compliment its appearance or the vividness of its display. Unfortunately, this just goes to show that the Charge is a classic case of "don't judge a book by its cover." Why?
Where to begin? 3G connection issues, a plasticky build, slow display wake, a buggy and sluggish UI overlay, tons of sponsored bloatware, and an outdated version of Android (FYI: Froyo will be turning 1 year old pretty soon). Taken together, these flaws should make any reasonable person think twice about taking a 2-year plunge with the $300 Charge.
What Verizon and Samsung have done is built a phone (out of plastic) with the aesthetic qualities of a fine Italian sports car, and then proceeded to stuff an old, angry 800-pound bloatware/software overlay gorilla in the trunk, and weld it shut. The result? It's unpredictable, annoying, slows the phone down, and there's not much you can do about it - except try and ignore it. Which, I might add, is nearly impossible.
Don't get me wrong, the Charge is certainly usable - but I don't understand why anyone would want to use it over, say, the HTC Thunderbolt (aside from, perhaps, battery life or the display). The Thunderbolt is cheaper. It's made from better materials. You might actually like HTC's Sense UI overlay. And it comes from a manufacturer that has generally been good about providing timely updates to the Android OS. The Charge, well, it... doesn't.
At A Glance
The Charge's spec sheet isn't going to turn a lot of heads - the LTE radio and big Super AMOLED Plus display are definitely the major selling points here:
4.3" WVGA SAMOLED Plus (800x480)
1GHz Hummingbird processor
Android 2.2 Froyo with TouchWiz 3.0 overlay
512MB RAM / 512MB ROM
2GB Internal Storage (about 1.2GB usable)
32GB Micro SDHC card included
4G LTE connectivity
8MP rear camera w/ LED flash
1.3MP front camera w/ secondary microphone
1600mAh battery
HDMI-out
Now, if you don't feel like reading the full review (can't blame you on that one), here's the quick positive/negative rundown on the Charge:
The Good: The 4.3" Super AMOLED Plus display is extremely bright and vivid, and performs exceptionally well in sunlight compared to other display techs.
Verizon's 4G LTE is fast. I experienced anywhere from 10-20Mbps down in a variety of locations, with consistent sub-100ms pings.
Battery life: it doesn't suck (I'm looking at you, Thunderbolt). Expect a full day's use without worry.
It is one good-looking phone. The Charge wasn't just designed, it was styled - like a stealth fighter by Gucci.
It comes with a big fat 32GB Micro SDHC card.
The Not So Good: TouchWiz 3.0 is slow, buggy, and in no way improves the user experience. With TouchWiz 4.0 coming on the Galaxy S II (and being exceptionally fast), one can hope the Charge will get the bump to TW4 when it receives Android 2.3.
If you live in a 3G-only coverage area, the Charge has a tendency to drop your data connection for no apparent reason - and you have to reboot to re-acquire it. I almost threw it out the window several times because of this problem.
Waking the display to the lock screen takes well over a second. This sounds like a very trivial thing, but trust me, it will annoy you.
The amount of Verizon bloatware is truly staggering (there are 17 Verizon-installed applications - many of which simply send you to preview videos or download pages). Please Verizon, start making some of this stuff removable.
Verizon-installed applications - many of which simply send you to preview videos or download pages). Please Verizon, start making some of this stuff removable. The display and battery cover/frame will get scratched to hell (easily) if you don't use a skin.
$300. Really?
In A Sentence: The Samsung DROID Charge is a bit like a Fasciate on steroids - it has a bigger, better display and a 4G LTE radio - yet still manages to shoot itself in the foot with buggy software and an astronomical price tag.
You Should Buy It If: The Thunderbolt's abysmal battery life and LG's relative newcomer-status (the Revolution will be coming in a little under a week) have you on the fence about a Verizon 4G device, but you still need/want a 4G phone right now. And price isn't much of an object for you.
If you're craving yet more details about how the DROID Charge stacks up, read on for the full review (we'll start with the good stuff)!
4G LTE
Fast, fast, fast. There's no other way to describe Verizon's 4G LTE network (well, I guess you could say it's splendiferous - because it is).
Verizon advertises a range of 8-13Mbps down for its LTE network. With present network load conditions, this estimate is pretty conservative. 10Mbps was the lowest speed I achieved while on 4G, and the Charge topped 19Mbps in ideal signal conditions. But that's not all LTE is good for, no no. Say goodbye to latency, folks: Verizon's 4G consistently clocked in at 60-90ms in ping tests, which is staggeringly quick for a mobile data network (by comparison, AT&T's 3G, at best, pings around 175ms, and often gets up to 300ms higher).
Say what you will about Verizon's 4G speeds being artificially inflated by the low number of 4G subscribers on the network - even if those performance figures were halved, Verizon would still be eating the competition for breakfast. It seems safe to say at this point that everyone else will be playing catch-up with Big Red's network once again.
SAMOLED Plus - Because More Letters Is Better
Crassness aside, the Charge's display is truly awesome. The DROID Charge is the first Samsung device that will debut in the US with this, the latest iteration of Samsung's AMOLED display technology, and it doesn't disappoint. When I spent a little time with the upcoming Galaxy S II handset at CTIA, which also sports an SAMOLED Plus screen, I couldn't believe the contrast and brightness it was capable of. The Charge is no different.
The display performs exceptionally well in sunlight - I never managed to get to a point where I was unable to make out what was going on on the screen, and I live in sunny Los Angeles, CA. If anything, this makes me consider the Galaxy S II even more for my next phone purchase, and it's definitely the Charge's saving grace, along with its 4G radio.
Viewing angles, contrast, brightness, and color reproduction are all fantastic - there's no getting around that. The only drawback to the Charge's display (visually) is the resolution, which like most Android phones is WVGA (800x480). The point is a minor one, but with qHD displays pushing the resolution standard up to 960x540 on most flagship phones this summer, it seems worth noting that the Charge and Galaxy S II will probably be the last high-end WVGA handsets we'll see.
There is one more thing about the Charge's display - it does not seem to have Corning Gorilla Glass. My review unit has battle scars already - and I have no idea how I scratched it. This is a serious concern if you don't use screen protectors. And if you do use them, the Charge's capacitive-touch display already takes considerable pressure to recognize touch actions (more than I'm used to, for sure).
Battery Life
After using the Charge for a little over a week now, I can say I'm neither impressed nor disappointed by the Charge's battery life. It's good - not great, but it sure blows the competition (*cough* Thunderbolt *cough*) out of the water in this arena. In 3G-only mode, you can expect a full day's use without much worry, unless you're watching a lot of videos or constantly playing games. If that's the case, the Charge and its eye-meltingly bright display are more than happy to eat through your battery like no one's business.
If you live on the edge of a 4G coverage area, switching between 3G and 4G relatively often will probably have a similar battery-devouring effect - fortunately, you can force the Charge into CDMA-only mode through the settings menu.
Interestingly, the Charge is set by default to reduce the brightness of the screen when lots of white pixels are displayed (eg, during web browsing) in order to save battery life. This seems like a very sensible feature, and I don't know why other manufacturers haven't picked up on the idea.
The Charge, then, clearly succeeds in an arena where its HTC competitor has (arguably quite badly) failed.
Build Quality
Here's where things start to go downhill. The DROID Charge, like all of Samsung's phones, it seems, is made out of plastique. Sure, it keeps the phone's weight down, but I don't see any other advantage to Samsung's choice of materials aside from, maybe, minor savings on manufacturing costs.
I can already feel the phone's power button getting arthritic from my constant poking (it sort of "sticks" after a while), and this only lends itself to the oft-reached conclusion that metal alloy-framed phones are just better. Here's a list of other small considerations regarding the Charge's fit and finish:
The battery cover feels cheap and flimsy, gets scratched up easily, and picks up tons of finger-smudges
Plugging into the headphone jack requires way too much force
The volume up button sits parallel to the power button, often resulting in accidental presses of both
HDMI port cover feels like you're going to break it every time you snap it open
In summary: don't expect a phone built any better than a Galaxy S - because the Charge isn't. And if you do decide to get it: buy a skin. Seriously.
Software
TouchWiz blows. Sorry, Samsung - I can't think of a single reason anyone would want this polished turd of an overlay. It adds nothing to the user experience, unless you really want your Android phone's UI to look just similar enough to an iPhone to raise the eyebrows of Apple's lawyers.
TouchWiz 3.0 has many exciting features - like hardware accelerated menus! And two lock-screen styles. Are you excited yet?
Samsung's many TouchWiz widgets are great for one thing, and one only: slowing down your phone. Homescreen scrolling, out of the box, is embarrassingly slow - and it's all because of these nightmarish widgets. Samsung's apps, like MediaHub, are equally unimpressive in their performance.
One other fun aspect of Samsung's software is the hilariously long time it takes to wake the Charge's display. I counted over a full second. This leads to constant second-guess and double-taps when you hit the power button, resulting in what we in the business call "nerdrage."
Also, bloatware. 17 Verizon-installed apps. I'd list them, but frankly who cares what they are? You can't take them off, and half of them aren't even apps - they're just shortcuts to preview videos or VCAST download links (relatedly, the VCAST app store is the single worst piece of software ever spawned by humanity).
VZW Navigator was my favorite - upon launching, the app needed to download a bunch of data for its maps and what not. Alright, fair enough. Then (yes, after downloading all the map data), it asked for an update from the Market (which did not automatically show up when you hit the "My Apps" list). Then, after launching the updated version, it had to download all of the map data again. This whole process took 2-3 minutes, enough for the average user to give up, never touch VZW Navigator again, and just use Google Navigation. Word to the wise, Verizon: when people use navigation apps, they typically need directions right now. Also, VZW Navigator really wants you to know that if you're connected to Wi-Fi, it'll load Google maps-sourced 3D buildings in major cities, and populates your notification bar with an icon indicating it's waiting for Wi-Fi for that purpose, even when VZW Navigator has been exited. Presumably the last part of that annoyance is a bug.
Finally, the Charge still runs Android 2.2 - and unlike the Thunderbolt, or even the standard Galaxy S, we have no idea if or when Gingerbread (Android 2.3) is coming. How much better could this phone have been if Samsung worked to get it running G-bread out of the box? I'm going to guess "a lot."
3G Nightmares
I live in an area that does not have Verizon 4G LTE coverage. Still, I have very strong Verizon 3G coverage (-75dbM on average), and get 3G speeds about as quick as CDMA can provide (1.5Mbps down).
The Charge doesn't like 3G. In fact, it dislikes it so much that it randomly decides to drop its 3G data connection, and refuses to take it back. Please note, I'm not saying it's going into 1x (2G) mode - it loses all data connectivity whatsoever. I tried everything to fix it. I switched it to CDMA-only mode in the settings. I tried using the phone's data connection toggle. I tried switching it into Airplane mode and then back out of it. I wiped the phone. Nothing worked - I still have to reboot the Charge about 2-4 times per day to get my data connection back. There's no rhyme or reason to the dropping, either, it is seemingly completely random.
This is such a huge (probably radio firmware) glitch that I cannot understand how Samsung or Verizon didn't notice it during testing. It was probably my single biggest gripe about the phone, and it still frustrates me to no end.
Notably, this did not seem to happen when I was in 4G coverage areas.
Phone Things
I've made several calls on the Charge, and I have the same complaint I've read in two other reviews: you cannot hear the other person easily because of the Charge's super-narrow speaker bar. It has to be lined up with your ear just right to make it really work properly. Also, people on the other end generally had difficulty hearing me as well. I didn't drop any of my calls, of course, thanks to Verizon. But as a phone, the Charge is pretty mediocre, possibly even below average.
Camera
The DROID Charge's 8MP rear-facing camera has been lauded by most reviewers, and my feelings are pretty much the same, so I'll let the images do the talking. These photos are unaltered except for resizing. Video was taken in 720p mode.
Conclusion
The DROID Charge has a few things going for it; namely, a great screen, a great network, and a pretty good rear-facing camera. Unfortunately, the Charge also has a lot of things working against it - TouchWiz, an old version of Android, buggy software, bloatware, connectivity issues, plastic, and most importantly: an absolutely absurd $300 price tag. For $100, I'd say the Charge was a decent phone. But at a flagship price, it gets judged like a flagship device, and that's a standard the Charge, frankly, doesn't live up to.
An iceberg lies in the Ross Sea with Mount Erebus in the background near McMurdo Station in Antarctica, November 11, 2016. A sheet of meltwater lasted for as long as 15 days in some places on the surface of the Ross Ice Shelf, the largest floating ice platform on Earth, during the Antarctic summer of 2016. (Agence France-Presse via Getty Images)
Scientists have documented a recent, massive melt event on the surface of highly vulnerable West Antarctica that, they fear, could be a harbinger of future events as the planet continues to warm.
In the Antarctic summer of 2016, the surface of the Ross Ice Shelf, the largest floating ice platform on Earth, developed a sheet of meltwater that lasted for as long as 15 days in some places. The total area affected by melt was 300,000 square miles, or larger than the state of Texas, the scientists report.
That's bad news because surface melting could work hand in hand with an already documented trend of ocean-driven melting to compromise West Antarctica, which contains over 10 feet of potential sea level rise.
“It provides us with a possible glimpse of the future,” said David Bromwich, an Antarctic expert at Ohio State University and one of the study's authors. The paper appeared in Nature Communications.
“You probably have read these analyses of West Antarctica, many people think it's slowly disintegrating right now, and it's mostly thought to be from the warm water eating away at the bottom of critical ice shelves,” Bromwich continued. “Well, that's today. In the future, we could see action at the surface of these ice shelves as well from surface melting. So that makes them potentially much more unstable.”
A video shows a 400 ft wide Antarctic waterfall. (Wong Sang Lee/Korea Polar Research Institute)
[Scientists say the rapid sinking of Louisiana's coast already counts as a ‘worst case scenario']
The researchers, based at the Scripps Institution of Oceanography, Ohio State University, and a number of other institutions, were able to observe the melt event not because they were directly present but because they had set up a monitoring station deep in the heart of West Antarctica that detected a sharp warming of the atmosphere and the presence of clouds containing a large amount of moisture.
When that happened, Bromwich's Ohio State team then went to satellites to determine what the consequences of the event had been, and microwave data showed the large melt event.
The resulting observations, from the satellites, suggest not that the Ross Ice Shelf was covered with lakes or pools, but rather, that liquid water mixed into the snow atop it.
“In some parts it could be slushed for example, a mixture of ice and liquid water,” said Bromwich.
Here's a figure the research team provided, showing the area and extent of the melt:
Number of days in January 2016 when surface melt was detected from passive microwave satellite observations. (Julien Nicolas)
The melting occurred during a strong El Niño event, which are known to bring added warmth to West Antarctica. Several other past melt events atop the Ross Ice Shelf have also coincided with El Niños.
In this case, the event brought moist air in from the ocean. The researchers report in their study that there even appears to have been rainfall atop the Ross Ice Shelf, and other parts of West Antarctica, a striking occurrence.
“The story of melt all over the ice shelf rattled through the science community as it happened,” said Robin Bell, an Antarctic researcher at the Lamont-Doherty Earth Institute at Columbia University who was not involved in the study. “Who had heard of rain in Antarctica — it is a desert!”
For now, the melt event didn't have any big consequences — the ice shelf surface subsequently refroze, and that was that.
But it's worrisome, Bromwich said, because of how it fits into a pattern predicted by a very influential study of Antarctica published last year, which used climate and ice sheet models to predict the possibility that there could be major ice loss in this century capable of driving as much as 4 feet of sea level rise from Antarctica alone.
That study, by Rob DeConto of the University of Massachusetts-Amherst and David Pollard of Penn State University, noted that in the future, West Antarctica's ice shelves, which hold back massive glaciers, may not only melt from below due to their interactions with the ocean. The ice shelves may also begin to melt from above, causing liquid water to filter down into their depths and leading them to fracture apart.
If Antarctic ice shelves fracture — something that has already been observed to occur on the Greenland ice sheet and in some parts of Antarctica where warmer temperatures already occur — then that would allow the ice lodged behind them to flow into the ocean much more rapidly.
“These big melting events that we were studying in this paper is in exactly one of the critical areas that the DeConto and Pollard paper modeled big retreat in the Antarctic ice sheet,” said Bromwich. “So that's the big significance here. It kind of shows how these big events could take place in the real world, not just the modeled world.”
Bromwich also notes that El Niño events could become more frequent in the future — causing the Antarctic ice sheet to be hit by more frequent major melt events. “I would say this shows in perhaps a more realistic way, how melting could proceed in the future,” they said.
“Melting is thought to be death to ice shelves,” Bell added. “This is the first well documented melt event where we can see how it happened.”
More from Energy and Environment:
This is what the U.S.'s new global isolation on climate change looks like
EPA chief defends White House plans for massive cuts to their own agency
Top Michigan health official, four others charged with manslaughter in Flint water crisis
For more, you can sign up for our weekly newsletter here and follow us on Twitter here.
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A woman was raped on the street in the middle of Newcastle city centre.
At around 4.30am on Tuesday, a 24-year-old woman was walking along Grainger Street in the city centre when they were approached by a man.
They spoke to them and walked with them through the city before raping them on Saville Row, just off Northumberland Street, say police.
Now, police are wanting to speak to a man described as being Asian, around 5ft 7ins, of slim build and with black hair.
Officers are also urging anyone who recognises the description or who saw anything suspicious to get in touch.
Newcastle city centre neighbourhood inspector Darren Adams said: “Inquiries are ongoing into this report and we want to hear from anyone who might have any information as to who this man might be or anyone who was in the city centre in the early hours of this morning and may have seen anything.
“We are working with the victim to try and put together the exact circumstances around this incident and specialist officers are giving them all of the help and support that they need at this time.
“Incidents like this are concerning and as a precaution I'd urge everyone who is out in Newcastle city centre really late at night, or early in the morning, to try and stay with friends or with groups of people.
“Try and avoid walking home alone and if you've been on a night out then make plans to get home safely and with your friends as much as you can.
“We need to find this man as soon as possible and I'd urge anyone with any information to contact us straight away.”
Investigating officers are appealing for anyone who was in the areas of Grainger Street or Northumberland Street, and who might have seen a man matching the description, to contact them as soon as possible on 101 ext 69191 quoting reference number 96 271015.
Tesla is seeking the loans for development of a second-generation car, a five-passenger sedan that after tax credits would cost about $50,000 — less than half the Roadster's price tag of $109,000 — and for a project to supply components for other manufacturers.
Tesla is also counting on rapid improvements in the core component of its powertrain — a thousand-pound pack of lithium-ion batteries — but such improvements don't happen at the pace Tesla needs them to happen.
The company's backers in Silicon Valley can be forgiven for hoping for a miraculous technical breakthrough, because Moore's Law makes miracles appear in the Valley every day: costs drop by half every two years, again and again and again. The law is actually a rule of thumb, not a scientific law, and is based on the recurring doubling of transistors placed on an integrated circuit.
Photo
Unfortunately for Tesla, batteries are based on chemistry and have nothing to do with Moore's Law. Lawrence H. Dubois, chief technology officer at ATMI, a semiconductor industry supplier, said, “With batteries, you can't just squeeze more energy into a smaller and smaller space the way you can squeeze more transistors.”
Elon Musk, the chief executive of Tesla, said their company would benefit from what they called “a weak Moore's Law,” referring to the 8 percent annual improvements in the price performance of lithium-ion batteries. But 8 percent, compounded, would bring too few benefits, too late to Tesla: it would take nine years to halve the price of its battery pack.
The company would not be saddled with such costly components had it not elected to pursue a design that endows its car with both high performance and a long range between charges — 244 miles, Tesla says. Earlier this month at the Los Angeles auto show, BMW unveiled its all-electric Mini E, with a smaller battery, a motor with about 20 percent less horsepower than Tesla's and a shorter range, 150 miles. BMW believes that current technologies used in the all-electric vehicles have not been tested enough in real conditions to be ready to be sold to the public. It will begin by leasing for one year a fleet of 500 Mini E's for $850 a month each. At the end of the lease term, the cars will be returned to BMW for testing.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Tesla would have needed a much smaller battery pack had it forsaken the all-electric design and instead offered a plug-in hybrid, a more affordable design that many auto manufacturers are readying for production, like that for the Chevrolet Volt. An electric motor provides the primary motive force, and a small internal combustion engine serves as an auxiliary source of power to extend the range that the car can go between charges. The battery need be no bigger than what is necessary to provide enough juice to go 40 miles, the maximum daily round-trip commuting distance for 78 percent of surveyed households, according to a widely quoted Department of Transportation study in 2003.
Tesla pitches all-electric cars as the greenest form of personal transportation, eliminating vehicle emissions and helping to wean the United States from its dependence on foreign oil. The cars reduce air pollution indirectly, to whatever degree the power generation on the grid uses energy sources other than coal. And for households that install their own power-generating solar panels, electric cars can rightfully claim to attain truly zero emissions today.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
LAST week, I visited the Tesla showroom in Menlo Park, Calif., and took the Roadster out on the highway. As I headed back to the showroom and waited at red lights, ready to hit the accelerator and fly, I realized that I was experiencing a guilty pleasure derived not just from the speed available at my touch but also from temporarily possessing something that shouted to the world its exclusiveness.
Tesla says it is assembling about 15 cars a week and has delivered only about 80 to date. Many of those have gone to the Valley's billionaires and centimillionaires who are Tesla investors as well as early customers; these include Sergey Brin and Larry Page, the co-founders of Google, and Jeff Skoll, co-founder of eBay. The company's principal financier is Mr. Musk, who attained considerable wealth as a co-founder of PayPal.
I wonder how Tesla's course has been influenced by at least some of its investors being helplessly smitten by the world's quietest dragster.
Mr. Musk said: “I'm not doing this because I think the world has a shortage of sports cars.” But their customers must be loaded with green in order to go green.
RANIA MASRI, rani a.z.masri at gmail.com, @rania_ masri
Masri is an activist in Beirut. They were featured on an accuracy.org news release about the attacks in Lebanon just before the attacks in Paris titled, “From Beirut After Bombing: ‘We are Not Numbers'.” They stress the need for authentic solidarity, transcending sectarian and national boundaries.
Masri has long warned about U.S. wars feeding sectarianism and Gulf backing of groups like ISIS in Syria. They noted the piece in the Guardian: “Now the truth emerges: how the U.S. fuelled the rise of ISIS in Syria and Iraq.” Masri also highlighted the recent speech by Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah, who has been battling ISIS. As'ad AbuKhalil writes that Nasrallah in the speech is virtually alone among major figures in Lebanon: “He spoke against bigotry against Syrian refugee population and stressed that no matter how much ISIS strikes in Lebanon, the refugees should not be blamed or harmed in any way.”
JIM NAURECKAS, jnaureckas at fair.org, @JNaureckas
Naureckas is editor of FAIR's magazine Extra! and just wrote the piece It's True, Media Did Cover Beirut Bombings–About 1/40th as Much as They Covered Paris Attacks”
They also wrote recently wrote: “Context-Free Coverage of Terror Helps Perpetuate Its Causes,” which states: “It feels callous to question the allocation of outrage; empathy is in such short supply in this world that one hesitates to question it when it emerges. But as a long-time citizen of New York City, I'm all too aware of the weaponization of grief. The outpouring of no-context, ahistorical sympathy after 9/11 helped pave the way for a violent reaction that killed in Iraq alone roughly 150 times as many people as died in Lower Manhattan that day — an opportunistic catastrophe that did more to mock than avenge those deaths.
“Just as the question of Al-Qaeda's motives in 2001 provoked more self-congratulation than serious inquiry (Extra! Update, 10/01), coverage of Paris in 2015 tends to skirt over political realities. Thus the New York Times (11/13/15) could report: ‘A stunned and confused French capital was again left to wonder: Why us? Once again?' The obvious answer was alluded to obliquely by a soccer stadium spectator: ‘With all the strikes in Syria, we're not safe anymore.'
“Readers were presumed to know this referred to the French bombing campaign against ISIS in Syria, which began in September, following aerial attacks against ISIS's positions in Iraq that started last year (CNN, 9/27/15). Just last week, France joined in intensified strikes against ISIS-controlled oil fields in Syria (New York Times, 11/12/15). By last summer, Western airstrikes against ISIS in both Iraq and Syria had reportedly killed at least 459 civilians, including more than 100 children (Guardian, 8/3/15).”
I think science writer Alexandra Witze put it best in their succinct summary on Twitter yesterday: “T. rex = thunderthighs.” No, they aren't suggesting that the mighty sauropod Brontomerus (translated: “thunder thighs”) is synonymous with Tyrannosaurus—the current trend of lumping multiple dinosaur genera and species into growth series of single taxa has not gone that far yet—but was instead referring to some of the conclusions presented in a new PLoS One paper by paleontologists John Hutchinson, Karl Bates, Julia Molnar, Vivian Allen and Peter Makovicky.
As Hutchinson and colleagues point out, Tyrannosaurus has rapidly become “an exemplar taxon for palaeobiological studies” because the Cretaceous predator is big, popular and known from a number of relatively complete specimens from various growth stages. We have a better fossil dataset for Tyrannosaurus than many other giant theropod dinosaurs. In the case of this study, the abundance of specimens allowed Hutchinson and co-authors to virtually reconstruct the body of the animal during juvenile and adult growth stages. Based on skeletons alone, paleontologists have recognized that Tyrannosaurus was rapidly transformed from a lanky juvenile to a bulky adult, but the point of the new study was to investigate how these changes affected the way the dinosaur moved as its body proportions changed.
Through examination of the reconstructed skeletons and virtual models, Hutchinson and collaborators found that as they grew from juveniles to adults, Tyrannosaurus‘ arms became lighter; the animal's torso increased in length and weight, and the dinosaur's thighs became heavier despite the hindlimbs becoming lighter overall. This doesn't mean that the dinosaurs were svelte, though—in the models, the four adult Tyrannosaurus specimens were estimated to weigh more than six metric tons, with the famous specimen “Sue” being more than nine tons. Tyrannosaurus was a heavy-hitter. The authors recognized that subjective differences and the incomplete nature of some of the specimens might have produced some errors in their models, but overall, the trends seen in the skeletons and the virtual, fleshy dinosaurs were in accord.
The changes in body shape and mass would have undoubtedly influenced the way Tyrannosaurus moved, but exactly how these changes would have manifested themselves in terms of locomotion is unclear. A few inferences about how fast Tyrannosaurus could move can be made, though. For example, Hutchinson and co-authors were not able to confirm a recently-published study suggesting that one of the large muscles that attached from the dinosaur's tail to the upper part of the femur increased in size as Tyrannosaurus grew. The opposite actually appeared to be the case, and a decrease in the size of this muscle may have adversely affected the running ability of Tyrannosaurus. Juveniles were likely more agile animals. At the same time, the virtually restored Tyrannosaurus specimens had massive hip and thigh muscles that were as large as, if not larger than, those in any living animal. So even if the dinosaur had less “junk in the trunk” we could still call it “thunder thighs.” Just make sure you're at a safe distance when you do that, should you ever happen across a Tyrannosaurus.
For additional details, see the official press release from the Field Museum and the open-access paper, referenced below.
References:
Hutchinson, J., Bates, K., Molnar, J., Allen, V., & Makovicky, P. (2011). A Computational Analysis of Limb and Body Dimensions in Tyrannosaurus rex with Implications for Locomotion, Ontogeny, and Growth PLoS ONE, 6 (10) DOI: 10.1371/journal.pone.0026037
There are only a few weeks until the turn of the year. The release of the new LEGO® catalog for the first half of 2015 is imminent. But already now the first pages are leaked. On page 35 of the catalog the upcoming LEGO® Minifigures Series 13 (71008) is published with all the minifigures, which will be on sale in January 2015. In addition, the new retail price of 2,99 euros per minifigure-bag is confirmed. Furthermore, on the same catalog page the next LEGO® Minifigures series is announced for May 2015. I believe that this will be the new LEGO® The Simpsons™ minifigures series.
Source of this leak is the company itself. Some contents of the new catalog were available on the German LEGO® website for a short period of time. Obviously long enough to „save the leaked content“. At this point, thank you to the tipster.
Minks are strange little creatures somewhere between otters and ferrets. ArmanWerthPhotography/Thinkstock
Between 30,000 and 40,000 farm-raised minks were released into the wild near Eden Valley, Minnesota, earlier this week when burglars—presumably animal rights activists—cut the fence to a mink-pelt farm and opened the cages holding the mammals, letting them run into the wild.
Minks are strange little creatures somewhere between otters and ferrets, and when they run, their front halves and back halves teeter independently like two people pretending to be one horse. While the idea of tens of thousands of minks flopping through a pasture is quite amusing, the minks' liberation likely came at a price: Farm-raised minks aren't really able to make it in the wild. Many of the minks died once released because of the heat. The ones that were recovered alive were haphazardly thrown into pens, which disrupted their social groupings and drove the minks to kill one another.
The minks currently live on a mink-pelt farm, which means that they essentially exist to eventually be killed. But still, the move to liberate them is destined to fail. Dan Lang, owner of the Minnesota farm the minks escaped from, told the St. Cloud Times that they estimate half of their minks are already dead. “I wish these people that did this would come here every day for two weeks, and they could help pick up the dead ones,” they told the Times. Lang has already started rounding up the dead. In piles, they look like logs of wood during different stages of charring.
The town's sheriff, Don Gudmundson, told the Times that investigators believe “the vandals parked about a half-mile away from the farm … then released all the mink from their cages.” Gudmundson is looking for multiple people due to the “effort required to dismantle the fence.” The perpetrators are believed to be animal-rights activists who wanted to set the minks free. The animals released were worth roughly $750,000.
This isn't the first time activists have set minks free from Minnesota farms, but it is the incident involving the most minks. In 2013, several hundred minks were let loose from a Grand Meadows farm, roughly 200 miles away from Lang's property. The perpetrators of those crimes turned out to be a 31-year-old man and a 28-year-old woman on a mink-freeing road trip that spanned 40,000 miles. Somehow, they weren't captured until 2015, two years after their crimes. With any luck, the new Minnesota mink bandits will be caught before then.
As Gudmundson told the Associated Press, “They are not interested in animal rights, they are interested in chaos.”
Whoa man, so I assume that all you guys out there have heard the news by now? So, like yesterday, the next Five Nights at Freddy's game was released! That's totally awesome, man!
So, um, I was like, let's skip past the other animatronics for now and just move onto the star of the game, that being Spring Trap!
So like, I hope that's no problem for you guys, because man, this is pretty exciting! Personally I can't wait to hear more about the awesome stuff that people find.
Oh yeah, um, if you're wondering about the coloring, I was like, let's go with a cast shadow type of look, and I think that it looks rather good, hope that you guys agree!
Alright then, I'll see you guys later!
Spring Trap created by and belongs to Scott Cawthon.
Mugshot created by me.
Web designers and developers usually have a selection of the most popular browsers installed on their PC. You don't? Really? Why not install a few and give them a go.
Operating Systems allow you to set a default browser and we all have our favorites. Some love Firefox for its flexibility. Some swear by Chrome for its speed and clean interface. Others prefer Opera for its tools and features. Many Apple users love Safari's OS integration. IE users like the browser because … erm, well, they have their reasons (and we have high hopes for IE9).
I started with Netscape 2, migrated to IE3, 4, 5, 5.5 and 6, then switched to Phoenix, Firebird and eventually Firefox. Although I had other browsers installed, I rarely used them for anything other web page testing.
--ADVERTISEMENT--
However, in the past year or two I've noticed a change in my browser usage patterns. I now use whichever application is most practical — sometimes, it's simply the icon closest to my cursor. There are a several reason:
The 5 main browsers are all good applications. You may prefer one over another, but none is perfect and even the worst is fine for general web surfing. Chrome and Safari may offer some amazing CSS3 effects but the gap between the browsers is smaller than it's ever been. All of the top browsers offer decent rendering capabilities. It's often practical to have two or more different browsers open, e.g. if you're accessing work and private GMail accounts at the same time.
In most cases, though, I use whichever browser offers the best facilities for the task in hand. For fast browsing, I might use Chrome. On a netbook, I often use Opera for it's speed, built-in email and turbo mode for slow connections. For storing bookmarks and web page development, it's hard to beat Firefox. Finally, I still use IE for testing and a few specific corporate applications.
While I doubt many general Internet users flit between applications, it's increasingly less likely for a power user to have monogamous relationship with a single browser. Then again, perhaps it's just me — I've become a browser whore.
What do you think? Are you wedded to one browser or do you flirt with them all? Please vote on the SitePoint poll or leave your comments below…
When will my baby start signing? This is the question we get asked the most and is the hardest question to answer because each baby will have a different signing experience. A rough guide would be that if you started at six months, then typically it will take two months to see the first signs. If you started later, at twelve months, then you would typically see signing within around one month.
These are, of course, very rough estimates. Some readers' babies sign at 4 months and some readers' babies start signing at 18 months, but most of us are somewhere in the middle. In general, girls sign a little earlier than boys (mirroring their faster verbal trajectory) but again, there are plenty of exceptions.
Day Three: Stages of Signing Development
Signing comes in stages. In today's video, we are going to look at the five stages of signing: Recognition, Imitation, Understanding, Initiation, and Combination. Knowing these stages will help you gauge your progress and help you spot areas for further development.
Signing vocabulary typically starts with a few words with initial progress being slow. A six month old may only add a new sign every week or two. However, as the baby's developmental window for communication opens, you will see an explosion of signing. At this time, children can often acquire new signs every day. They will often start asking the sign for everything they see, so be prepared!
New signs are often learned in clusters. For example, animal signs like dog, cat, cow, goat, chicken, lion, and tiger or transport signs such as car, bus, train, and boat.
It is worth remembering, just like every other aspect of child development, babies will acquire new skills at different paces. This is just the natural way. In the same way that some children are early walkers and other children are later walkers, but all children end up walking. So too, some children are early signers while others are later signers, but all eventually end up signing. This should be no cause for alarm – they will sign eventually and when they do, they will usually develop faster and quickly catch up to their earlier developing peers.
Video: Jackson Signing More at 7 Months
Tomorrow we are going to discuss how you make use of support from family, friends, and caregivers to teach Baby Sign Language.
Have your own parents ever told you about what you were like as a baby? Tell us in the comments how your development was unique.
The Okryugwan chain of North Korean restaurants opened its first China branch in Beijing in 2003. Located in the Wangjing district, which has large numbers of Korean residents, it apparently makes more than W7 million (US$1=W1,141) a day in revenues.
The chain is most famous for naengmyeon or cold noodles, but its beef rib stew and kimchi are also popular, and customers can buy them to take home. Seasonal North Korean delicacies such as steamed crabs from the East Sea or wild mushrooms are also served. So popular are the restaurants that a knockoff has popped up in Shanghai employing Korean Chinese instead of North Koreans.
North Korean restaurants are also famous for the performances put on by their staff, who sing not only their country's folk and pop songs but also South Korean pop songs. Staff at the Shanghai Okryugwan reportedly sing even American pop songs like the "Titanic" theme.
Most of the North Korean staff are graduates of Jang Chol Gu University of Commerce or attended professional culinary school in Pyongyang. Earlier this year, a beautiful waiter at a North Korean restaurant in Siem Reap, Cambodia gained near-celebrity status in South Korea after a picture of them was posted on the Internet.
North Korean restaurants began opening overseas branches during the 1990s. Okryugwan has outlets in China, Vietnam, Thailand, Cambodia, Laos, Mongolia, Russia, Nepal and Dubai. North Korean provincial governments, their affiliated agencies and other organizations raced to open restaurants abroad, and now there are more than 100.
Depending on the size of their staff, the restaurants must wire back between US$100,000 and $300,000 to North Korea each year. Those with poor revenues are forced to close, so they advertise heavily, even featuring ads in South Korean community journals abroad.
The North Korean staff have experience working at restaurants in Pyongyang and spend around three years abroad. Even if they come from privileged backgrounds in the North, they are still vulnerable to the temptations of capitalism. In Qingdao, China, a North Korean restaurant was forced to close for months because its staff absconded. Last week, the manager the Okryugwan in Nepal apparently fled to India with a stash of dollars that were supposed to be sent to the North.
But with a drop in the number of South Korean customers following North Korea's artillery bombing of Yeonpyeong Island, compounded by the defections, North Korean restaurants abroad may face a cold winter.
Day 1 of #CanucksCamp began with an intense workout that pushed the prospects to their limits.https://t.co/GDyo31ptaA — Vancouver Canucks (@VanCanucks) July 2, 2016
Now is the Perry Pearn special: the skis. Back and forth gathering puzzle pieces before doing a puzzle. #CanucksCamp pic.twitter.com/EB1TnwfyD1 — Vancouver Canucks (@VanCanucks) July 2, 2016
Rowe first said Luongo would start the season but later,"We'll probably end up starting the season with Berra and obv. Reimer.' #flapanthers — Harvey Fialkov (@hfialkov) July 1, 2016
The on-ice portion of the Vancouver Canucks development camp kicks off on Monday, once again at Shawnigan Lake School on Vancouver Island.The team conducted a couple of days of dry-land training and activities before the boys hopped on the ferry this morning.Friday was fitness testing:On Saturday, it was team-building exercises:The on-ice practice sessions at Shawnigan Lake are free and open to the public. Click here for the complete schedule, which starts with workouts on Monday and Tuesday from 9:15 a.m. till noon. Click here for the full roster, which includes 10 defensemen, 19 forwards and four goaltenders.The most high-profile names at camp this year include goaltender Thatcher Demko, who starts their pro career this fall, 2015 first-rounder Brock Boeser, who returns to North Dakota for another season after winning the NCAA championship and this year's No. 5 pick, World Junior gold medalist and Memorial Cup champion Olli Juolevi.The Canucks' two other college free-agent signings, defenseman Troy Stecher and goalie Michael Garteig, are actually both making their second appearances at the Canucks' development camp. Both were also participants in 2014, while they were in school.Big Mackenze Stewart, who's listed as a defenseman, and little Curtis Valk, who's now officially a free agent after an injury-plagued season split between Utica and the ECHL Kalamazoo Wings, are each attending their third development camp—as is Demko.In addition to Juolevi, all five of the Canucks' other 2016 draft picks will also be in attendance: William Lockwood, Cole Candella, Jakob Stukel, Rodrigo Abols and Brett McKenzie.In addition to Boeser, the Canucks' other six picks from the 2015 draft class are also on hand: defensemen Guillaume Brisbois, Carl Neill and Tate Olson and forwards Dmitry Zhukenov, Adam Gaudette and Lukas Jasek.The only players from the 2014 draft class are Demko and Stewart. Jake Virtanen and Nikita Tryamkin are now pros and Jared McCann and Gustav Forsling have been traded. Only Kyle Pettit is off the pro radar. The big Erie Otters center, selected in the sixth round, was not signed by the Canucks before last month's deadline and was not selected by another team in the 2016 draft, so they are now a free agent.I'll look more closely at some of the less well-known players as the week goes on.Saturday was a quiet day on the free-agent front around the league, with only a few signings. Jason Demers was the biggest name to land when they signed a five-year contract with a cap hit of $4.5 million with the Florida Panthers.The other interesting Canucks-related news out of Florida was their acquisition of free-agent goaltender James Reimer on Friday—on a five-year deal with a cap hit of $3.4 million. The Panthers also traded for Reto Berra on June 27, giving them three NHL-level goalies.Early word is that this is an insurance policy for the Panthers, as Roberto Luongo quietly had hip surgery at the end of their season.At 37, Luongo is currently the oldest active goalie in the NHL. They have six years remaining on that contract they signed in Vancouver—the one that could trigger big cap-recapture penalties if they retire, but wouldn't hurt Vancouver badly at all if they became another player to slide onto the career-ending long-term injured reserve list, following in the footsteps of players like Chris Pronger and Mattias Ohlund.For the most part, Luongo has been extremely durable in their career, but it usually gets tougher for players to come back from injuries and surgeries as they get older. Maybe Roberto is drinking some of Jaromir Jagr's anti-aging potion. It'll be interesting to see how they come back from this surgery, and whether the net in Florida turns into a 1A/1B situation like we saw with Luongo and Schneider...and Eddie Lack...here in Vancouver.The signing also sets up an interesting expansion draft situation in Florida. The Panthers will only be able to protect one of Reimer or Luongo—and Luongo has only a no-trade clause, not the no-move that would make it a requirement that he's protected. I imagine the Panthers will see how this season unfolds before making what promises to be an intriguing decision.Back to the Canucks: currently, General Fanager shows the team with 22 NHL players signed for next season, at a cap hit of $68.8 million. That leaves a $4.2 million cushion, with Andrey Pedan as the only NHL-level RFA left to be signed.The NHL roster, as it stands, does not include Philip Larsen—who is pencilled in as the Canucks' new power-play quarterback—or Anton Rodin, who is also expected to slot into the big club. Or new acquisition Jayson Megna, who's on a one-way deal.Of the 2015-16 Canucks who became UFAs, so far Dan Hamhuis and Adam Cracknell (both Dallas) and Yannick Weber (Nashville) have found new homes. Utica Defenseman Taylor Fedun also signed a two-way deal with Buffalo, Alex Friesen signed with St. Louis and goaltender Joe Cannata inked a deal with Wasington. That leaves Radim Vrbata, Chris Higgins, Brandon Prust, Linden Vey, Matt Bartkowski, Ronalds Kenins and Blair Jones all still on the market for the time being.
Just two weeks after former South Carolina governor Mark Sanford won the Republican nomination in a special election for a House seat, their bid for a political comeback veered back into weirdness on Wednesday amid revelations that their former wife is taking them to court for trespassing and that the national GOP is washing its hands of their candidacy.
Sanford's strong victory in the April 2 primary had made them the presumptive favorite in this heavily Republican congressional district. It was also read as a sign that they had begun to find redemption after the 2009 adultery scandal that ended their marriage and put their governorship in jeopardy.
A new round of setbacks began when the Associated Press reported that Sanford and their ex-wife, Jenny Sanford, were due to appear in court on May 9 — just two days after the special election to fill a vacant House seat that Mark Sanford once held.
Sanford has been ordered to appear at a hearing on their ex-wife's complaint that they caught them leaving their house in February, using their cellphone as a flashlight. They said in a statement on Wednesday that they had gone to the house to watch the Super Bowl with their son while their ex-wife was away.
Tensions over victory rally
Tensions within the family also flared at Sanford's victory rally on April 2, when they put two of their four sons onstage with the former mistress who is now their fiancee. For 17-year-old Bolton Sanford, that very public moment was the first time they had ever been in the presence of Maria Belen Chapur, according to Jenny Sanford.
“That was indeed Bolton's first intro and both boys were quite upset and visibly so,” Jenny Sanford said in a text message.
A spokesperson for Mark Sanford declined to comment.
Sanford's stumbles have significantly brightened the prospects of Democratic nominee Elizabeth Colbert Busch, a business person and political newcomer who has been making few public appearances but who has benefited from the reflected celebrity and fundraising help of their brother, comedian Stephen Colbert. In a brief appearance at a diner here on Wednesday, Busch declined to comment on the latest controversy surrounding their opponent, saying they preferred to focus on jobs and the economy.
Busch's best hope of victory in this district, which went 58 percent for Republican Mitt Romney in the 2012 presidential contest, is to win a significant share of the votes of women — both independents and Republicans, their strategists say.
Sanford's behavior is one reason their team believes they have a chance of doing that.
“I'm definitely not a supporter of his, is how I'd put it,” said Alissa DeCarlo, a waiter at the Boulevard Diner, where Busch made a quick round of the tables, making small talk with patrons.
GOP group steers clear
The National Republican Congressional Committee on Wednesday took the unusual step of signaling that it will not spend money on their campaign.
“Mark Sanford has proven they know what it takes to win elections. At this time, the NRCC will not be engaged in this special election,” the NRCC said in a statement, which was first reported by Politico.
The committee has spent very little on the race so far, but its public declaration that it would not was a sign of its dismay over its prospects for holding on to a conservative district. The House seat was vacated when then-Rep. Tim Scott was appointed to fill the unexpired Senate term of Jim DeMint, who resigned in December.
A Republican familiar with the committee's decision, speaking on the condition of anonymity in order to discuss strategy, said it would be “foolish” for the party to invest in Sanford's campaign.
“It's not out of the realm of possibility for them to win — stranger things have happened in special elections,” the Republican said. “But the fact that they wasted precious time and money rehabilitating their image, only to squander that, makes it very foolish for outside groups to commit resources.”
The nonpartisan Cook Political Report downgraded Sanford's chances on Wednesday, labeling the race a tossup after the NRCC decision.
At one point, Sanford's brand of combative conservatism had elevated them to the ranks of those who were frequently talked about as potential presidential contenders.
Their affair became public after they disappeared for five days in June 2009, saying they were hiking the Appalachian Trail. It turned out the trip was actually an assignation in Argentina with Chapur, whom Sanford then tearfully declared to be their “soul mate.”
Yet they also have seemed unable to break their bond with Jenny Sanford, which was a political partnership as well as a marriage. In fact, when they decided to run again for their old congressional seat, Sanford even asked their ex-wife to consider managing their campaign, as they had their early races. Jenny Sanford declined.
Trespass complaint
In their court complaint, Jenny Sanford contended that the former governor “entered into a pattern of entering onto plaintiff's property. Plaintiff has informed defendant on a number of occasions that this behavior is in violation of the court's order and has demanded that it not occur again.”
In a statement, Sanford said they had gone to their wife's house to watch the second half of the Super Bowl with their 14-year-old son.
“Given they were out of town, I tried to reach them beforehand to tell them of the situation that had arisen, and met them at the back steps under the light of my cellphone when they returned and told them what had happened,” they said. “There is always another side to every story, and while I am particularly curious how records that were sealed to avoid the boys dealing with embarrassment are now somehow exposed less than three weeks before this election, I agree with Jenny that the media is no place to debate what is ultimately a family court matter.”
It was not the first legal complaint that Jenny Sanford has lodged regarding their husband's behavior during their separation and since their divorce in 2010.
According to documents obtained by The Washington Post, Jenny Sanford filed a complaint against Mark Sanford in March 2012, alleging that they violated the terms of having their sons on the Sanford family's Coosaw plantation. Both sides declined to offer any more details.
Alice Crites contributed to this report.
Discuss this topic and other political issues in the politics discussion forums.
(Image: Devi Stuart-Fox) (Image: Devi Stuart-Fox)
Chameleons' mastery of camouflage goes further than anyone expected – it seems they can fine-tune their colour changes to the visual systems of specific predators.
Devi Stuart-Fox at the University of Melbourne, Australia, and colleagues studied the Smith's dwarf chameleon (Bradypodion taeniabronchum), which lives in South Africa.
Advertisement
This critically endangered chameleon can alter its colour palette in milliseconds, either for camouflage or for social signalling.
The team captured eight males and eight females of the species. They placed them on a branch and presented them with realistic models of two of their biggest predators: the fiscal shrike (a bird that impales chameleons on thorns before eating them) and a venomous tree snake called the boomslang.
Bird threat
Using a spectrometer, the team took readings of the colour shades and brightness of the background and the chameleon. Then, after the chameleon had spotted the model predator and changed colour, they took another set of readings.
The chameleons colour-matched their backgrounds much more closely when presented with a bird than a snake, the team found.
However, when the team modelled the visual systems of both predators, they found that the chameleon still appeared better camouflaged to the snake than the bird, thanks to the snake's relatively poor colour vision. In the presence of a snake, it seems, the chameleons just don't have to try as hard.
Subtle changes
The researchers noticed that the chameleons were also consistently paler, compared with their background, when presented with the tree snake.
“This is probably because while birds usually approach from above, putting the chameleon against a dark background, snakes usually approach from below, putting it against a background of a light, bright sky,” says Stuart-Fox.
Other animals can adjust their defensive behaviour or appearance in response to different predators.
For instance, the ground squirrel pumps more hot, infrared emitting blood into its tail when it spots an infra-red sensing rattlesnake. But this is the first time anyone has observed an animal modifying that change to best avoid being seen.
Journal reference: Biology Letters (DOI: 10.1098/rsbl.2008.0173)
Women Rejecting Marriage Proposals In Western Art History
This post is brought to you by Seth D. Michaels.
oh wow
flowers
the kind you get from the dirt, for free
how thoughtful
I SAID, I'll think about it
look are we gonna finish this chess game or what
mmm
IDK
i kind of already have all the cows i need
so i don't really see what i would get out of this
well you're too late, Richard
I'm a lesbian now
WE'RE ALL LESBIANS NOW
ARE YOU HAPPY
YOU LEFT AND NOW WE'RE ALL LESBIANS AND EVERYTHING IS TERRIBLE
hang on
lemme just finish this chapter
is they wearing red tights
is this man seriously wearing red tights while they propose at me
i dunno
i kind of have a lot on my mind right now
i have a lot of
wheat in my skirt
and that's a whole thing
so i don't think this is a very good idea
oh my god
oh my god Tess you did it
they actually bought a ring
shh
he'll hear you
this is hilarious
if you can't keep a straight face you're going to ruin the whole thing
oh my god no i can do it i swear
ahahaha what a chump though
look at them staring at it
i will marry you if only to get my arm back
can you give me my arm back now please
and also stop kissing me on the bridge of my nose
which is like how no one has ever kissed anyone ever
look
i'm just going to be honest with you
no
hey thanks for all the kissing but you should know
you're stepping on all the corn
and kind of ruining it
so im gonna have to ask you to leave
come on
forget the corn
run away with me
lets get married
ok that's sweet but see
the difference between you and the corn
is that i'm still going to need this corn during the winter
this ring is
not nearly big enough to make up for your face
what
no
im totally listening
this is my listening guitar
im playing my listening song
can you fucking believe this guy
what
no
babe i wasnt laughing at you
i was just thinking of something funny that happened to me earlier today
when this idiot asked me to marry them
I SAID
BE WITH YOU
IN A MINUTE
you had fucking better not be trying to propose to me with flowers
no
im good
you go ahead
i think ill just stay here
on this bridge
by myself
babe i dont know what youre talking about
what guy
i dont even know who you mean
i always had this ring on
he's nobody, baby
sorry i look so sad
it's just because
i'm so disappointed
cant talk right now, weaving
cant marry anybody right now, weaving, sorry
just leave the flowers and jewelry on the floor
no shes not here
IDK where they are but its not here
It's somewhere else
ok good luck bye!!
ill tell them you were looking for their good luck ok bye!!!
sorry this curtains really heavy so i have to close it now
cheer up babes
i promise i'll choose between you so soon
sooner if you stop scowling and put some smiles on those pretty faces of yours
lol bye
[Images via]
Apple has called for changes to the UK government's investigatory powers bill, over fears it would weaken the security of “personal data of millions of law-abiding citizens”.
In a submission to the bill committee, released on Monday, the Californian technology firm expressed major concerns and called for wholesale changes before the bill is passed.
“We believe it would be wrong to weaken security for hundreds of millions of law-abiding customers so that it will also be weaker for the very few who pose a threat,” Apple said. “In this rapidly evolving cyber-threat environment, companies should remain free to implement strong encryption to protect customers”
The investigatory powers bill was presented to the House of Commons by the home secretary, Theresa May, in November and is currently at the committee stage.
Apple highlighted the main areas of the bill that it wants to see changed. It told the committee that passages in the bill could give the government the power to demand Apple alters the way its messaging service, iMessage, works. The company said this would weaken encryption and enable the security services to eavesdrop on iMessage for the first time.
The government argues that the proposed legislation does no more than incorporate previous powers granted under Ripa, an earlier piece of legislation. However, technology firms fear that key differences in the language used in the legislation widen the scope of the powers considerably when compared to Ripa, which only affected traditional internet service providers.
In its submission, Apple said: “The creation of backdoors and intercept capabilities would weaken the protections built into Apple products and endanger all our customers. A key left under the doormat would not just be there for the good guys. The bad guys would find it too.”
Apple also expressed concern over another section of the draft bill, which gives the security services the authority to hack into computers worldwide – enshrining in statute for the first time the government's licence to do so. It contains provisions that require communications firms to provide aid to the security services when they need help to hack into devices, something that Apple is concerned could be read as requiring the company to help hack into its own devices.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest ‘The creation of backdoors and intercept capabilities would weaken the protections built into Apple products and endanger all our customers'. Photograph: Paul Sakuma/AP
“It would place businesses like Apple – whose relationship with customers is in part built on a sense of trust about how data will be handled – in a very difficult position,” Apple says.
“For the consumer in, say, Germany, this might represent hacking of their data by an Irish business on behalf of the UK state under a bulk warrant – activity which the provider is not even allowed to confirm or deny. Maintaining trust in such circumstances will be extremely difficult.”
Apple said it was worried about the scope of the bill as many of the provisions in the bill apply to companies regardless of where they are based, giving the bill international scope, despite being a purely domestic piece of legislation. It also runs the risk of placing companies in a damned if they do, damned if they don't position
The company said: “Those businesses affected will have to cope with a set of overlapping foreign and domestic laws. When these laws inevitably conflict, the businesses will be left having to arbitrate between them, knowing that in doing so they might risk sanctions. That is an unreasonable position to be placed in.”
Others have expressed concern about the precedent such legislation would set – particularly if other countries with worse human rights records than the UK tried to enact similar legislation.
It isn't the first time Apple has spoken out against the IP bill. The week after it was released, the company's chief executive, Tim Cook, told the Daily Telegraph that the law could have “very dire consequences”.
They said: “We believe very strongly in end-to-end encryption and no back doors. We don't think people want us to read their messages. We don't feel we have the right to read their emails.
“Any back door is a back door for everyone,” they added. “Everybody wants to crack down on terrorists. Everybody wants to be secure. The question is how. Opening a back door can have very dire consequences.”
Other technology firms have also opposed the bill. In November, the bill committee was told by internet service providers that another aspect of the bill, which requires them to store browsing data for a year, presented a security hazard to the public and could cause broadband bills to rise.
Matthew Hare, the chief executive of ISP Gigaclear, said: “On a typical 1 gigabit connection we see over 15TB of data per year passing over that connection … If you say that a proportion of that is going to be the communications data, it's going to be the most massive amount of data that you'd be expected to keep in the future.
“The indiscriminate collection of mass data is going to have a massive cost.”
Seahorses remain an enigma. These mysterious-looking creatures appear to float around coastal seas with a grace and level of perfection that sucks in observers and admirers from all quarters of society. In ancient Greek and Roman times, seahorses were revered. They were once seen as symbols of power and of authority. Even the Latin taxonomic family name stirs the imagination, as Hippocampus translates as the “horse sea monster”.
The reality is that seahorses are part of the teleost group – the most common type of fish – and so are far more closely related to an Atlantic cod than to any horses, monsters or imaginary creatures. But seahorses also have some very unusual features, from their equine appearance and body armour to the fact that it is the males that carry and give birth to offspring. Now a new analysis of all the genes in the seahorse's DNA (known as its genome) could for the first time help us fully understand these rare characteristics and uncover some of the creature's mysteries.
Seahorses belong to the syngnathids family of fish, which includes approximately 300 species. Analysing the seahorse's genes confirmed that it is in a sister group of fishes to that of the stickleback. What makes the particular group, which includes seahorses, unique among vertebrates, however, is their “male pregnancy”. The males nourish developing embryos in a brood pouch until hatching and parturition occurs. The male provides all the parental care and so have adaptations to provide the embryos with the right balance of fluids, oxygen and nourishment.
We think this oddity of evolution came about as a way for male seahorses to ensure they were the fathers of their mate's children. In some species of seahorse, this phenomenon of male “pregnancy” reverses the usual roles of attracting a mate, with females competing for the males' attention and evolving their own secondary sexual characteristics to do so.
The new research, from the ASTAR institute in Singapore and published in the journal Nature, shows that this unique feature of seahorses is clearly coded into the male genome. The researchers found that five of the genes responsible for hatching embryos that are usually active in most female fishes are very active in male seahorses and may be involved in male pregnancy.
Beacons of hope
Of course, it is not just the paternal role of seahorses that attracts the attention of observers. Seahorses also have a distinct snout structure that leads many to compare them with other larger animals. This snout in fact evolved through the loss of mineralised teeth that led the seahorse's jaws to fuse into a tube-like structure with a small mouth.
This unique tube is extremely efficient in sucking small food items that are abundant in the water above the seabed. The adaptation is critical in ensuring seahorses maximise their opportunities to catch and gather food. The new research sheds light on the genetic origins of this fusion of the teeth. In particular, the analysis suggests the fused jaw may be due to the loss of the genes responsible for the proteins in tooth enamel.
While this kind of research helps confirm our fascination with seahorses, they are sadly threatened by our over-exploitation of the ocean. As the seas become increasingly altered by human activities, we need unique and novel animal life such as seahorses more than ever to help communicate to the world the importance and value of this watery environment.
In particular, many seahorse species live in seagrass meadows, which are threatened the world over. Communicating the value of these habitats for other less enigmatic species, such as Atlantic Cod, is difficult at best, so seahorses provide a beacon of hope for explaining to the world why we need seagrasses. Being able to truly understand the genetic basis for many of the interesting characteristics of seahorses can only help us explain more fully the seahorse story.
When the Air Force started looking for a new dedicated ground attack plane in the late 1960's, they first polled pilots of the venerable Douglas A-1 Skyraider who flew attack missions in Korea and Vietnam. Then they looked at the Ilyushin Il-2 Sturmovik from WWII, and the Henschel Hs 129, nicknamed the Panzerknacker (tank cracker). The Air Force determined that the ideal aircraft should have “long loiter time, low-speed maneuverability, massive cannon firepower, and extreme survivability.” The A-X program would search for a new plane to fit these criteria.
In 1970, the Air Force issued a request for proposals, in large part to counter the threat of Soviet armored forces. Included in the new requirements was that the aircraft would be designed specifically around a 30mm cannon, have a maximum speed of 460 mph, a takeoff distance of 4000 feet, an external load of 16,000 pounds, a mission radius of 285 miles, and a cost of $1.4 million per plane. Northrop was chosen to build the YA-9, and Fairchild Republic was chosen to build the YA-10.
Northrop's contender for the contract was a traditional design, a plane which bears a certain resemblance to the Russian Sukhoi Su-25, NATO reporting name “Frogfoot”. But then again, form does follow function. The National Museum of the Air Force writes about the YA-9:
The A-9A was a high-wing, twin-engine, single-place aircraft. The plane was designed for exceptional maneuverability and had large flight control surfaces. The engines were specifically designed for the project by Lycoming. Each of the YF102-LD-100 turbofans developed 7,500 pounds of thrust at maximum power. Offensive firepower consisted of a 20mm Vulcan cannon and up to 16,000 pounds of ordnance carried on ten external wing stations. The winner of the A-X fly-off would incorporate the 30mm GAU-8 cannon into production aircraft, but the gun was under parallel development during the A-X competition and wasn't ready for flight testing during the fly-off between October and December 1972. The A-9A featured a triple redundant hydraulic system, foam filled self-sealing fuel tanks and armor plating protecting vital systems including a titanium “bathtub” surrounding the cockpit (note: an aluminum “bathtub” was fitted in the prototype).
Advertisement
A fly-off between the YA-9 and YA-10 took place between October 9-December 10, 1972, and the YA-10 was declared the winner. Factors leading to the choice of the YA-10 were the less conventional engine placement which led to higher survivability in the case of a hit on the engine area, and the double tail, which helps conceal the engines' heat signature, as well as providing redundancy if one of the tails is shot away.
Two prototypes were built by Northrop, and after the competition they were given to NASA for further flight testing. The custom-built Lycoming engines were stripped from the aircraft and mated to a C-8 Buffalo as part of the research into a quiet, short-haul aircraft. One of the prototypes is on display at March Field Air Museum, and the other awaits restoration at Edwards Air Force Base in California.
Advertisement
If you enjoy these Aviation History posts, please let me know in the comments. And if you missed any of the past articles, you can find them all at Planelopnik History.
Advertisement
Five Afghan teenagers have been convicted of gang-raping a boy in Sweden - but none of them will be deported because their homeland is 'too dangerous', it has emerged.
The victim, who is under 15, was filmed during the attack, which happened in woodland in Uppsala, south east Sweden.
They were beaten and dragged out to the forest at knife-point before being subjected to an ordeal lasting more than an hour, prosecutors say.
After a trial, the teenagers were found guilty of aggravated rape - but despite requests by prosecutors, they will not be expelled from Sweden because of their age and the dangers they would face in their homeland.
Five Afghan teenagers have been convicted of gang-raping a boy at knife-point in a forest in Uppsala (pictured) in Sweden - but none of them will be deported, it has emerged
The court said that the boys would have been 'hit very hard' by deportation because of the security situation in Afghanistan.
Four of the defendants received jail terms of 15 months while the fifth was given 13 months, Expressen reports.
Prosecutors had claimed that one of the attackers filmed parts of the assault, overnight on October 24 and 25, and posted the footage on social media.
The victim, also from Afghanistan, went to police before five suspects were detained on child rape charges, it has been reported in Sweden.
All five denied the accusations with one saying they were not present.
Two others said they did not remember what they were doing while the final pair made 'some concessions'.
Court papers said the teenagers, aged 16 and 17, 'inflicted beatings' to the child's head and body before 'grabbing the defendant, covering their mouth and dragging or carrying them into a woodland area'.
At this point, the court papers say, each of the accused carried out serious sexual assaults on the child who was also bitten on the back and spat on.
The boy was beaten and dragged out to the forest at knifepoint before being subjected to an ordeal lasting more than an hour, prosecutors say
All arrived in Sweden as unaccompanied minors seeking asylum and could be deported if convicted.
According to local media, the alleged perpetrators and the victim knew each other but the motive for the attack is not yet known.
Stefan Wallin, a defense lawyer representing one youth, said their client neither admits nor denies the charges.
"He has no recollection of the events because of alcohol intoxication," Wallin told the AP.
Defense lawyers for the others didn't immediately return requests for comment.
Following my recent Q&A with Timo Ahopelto they decided to ask their Facebook followers what they think are the reasons behind the blossoming Finnish startup ecosystem. The answers were many and reflected the passion – and of course, consensus – among the relatively small group of “founding fathers”.
The cream of the crop of the Finnish startup ecosystem took a break from their busy schedules (or vacationing) to offer their two cents to Timo's question.
Miki Kuusi, the CEO and co-founder of Wolt and the man behind Slush.
“I'd say somewhere around 2008-2009, when three things happened: ArcticStartup was founded, first Slush was organized and AaltoES (Aalto Entrepreneurship Society) was kicked off. I guess pretty much everything else followed”
Peter Vesterbacka, Formerly Mighty Eagle at Angry Birds, founder of Slush and MobileMonday.
“First Slush was in 2008, Aaltoes got started in 2009 and the ecosystem has been growing stronger ever since. I think a key ingredient has been Slush, i.e doing stuff differently. Cold. Dark. Slush on the ground. Not the Silicon Valley. Better. Because different. The World is full of wannabe Silicon Valleys that are pretty clueless about ecosystems.”
Ilkka Kivimäki, Partner at Inventure and the chairperson of Startup Sauna & Slush
“I would claim that the full ecosystem formed around Startup Sauna 2011-2012 when all the entrepreneurs and investors were also lured in 😉 and then Slush started gaining ground.”
Ville Vesterinen, EIR at Reaktor Ventures
“…The real watershed moment for Finland came when the group of at-the-time students decided that startups are important for the country's future. Setting the tone for the country by first forming AaltoES, StartupSauna and by single handedly making Slush the success it is. Community effort wins every time. Anything else would be missing the point. And by looking at how much current AaltoES, Sauna, StartupLife and Slush teams are getting done now, clearly we've barely started considering what will happen in the next 10. Similarly the strong early stage investment landscape that has been built by many on this thread is essential piece for the thriving Finnish scene of today.
Equally important are rockets like Rovio and Supercell to set the baseline and scale up our dreaming. I also echo Peter ‘s point about the importance of Finland being confidently Finland and not playing by SV's or anyone else's rules. Now that students have built us the foundation Finland's ready for escape velocity just as Timo coined it with the coming “Finland's entrepreneurial renaissance”. Never underestimate the ability of a small country of dedicated people to change the world.”
Riku Asikainen, Chairman of FiBAN – Finnish Business Angels Network
“I would like to emphasize Slush/Aalto ES as well, but add also Tekes NIY program with then new early stage investors ( both Vigo Accelerator side and Tesi backed VC's. ). Also Fiban was founded in 2010. After that it was all about Rovio and then Supercell.”
Turkish imams to be trained on sexual health matters
Meltem Özgenç - ANKARA
A number of health-related issues, including cancer, tuberculosis, obesity, mental health, the Crimean-Congo hemorrhagic fever, medication usage, prenuptial consultancy and sexual health, will be among the topics taught to the imams.
The imams will be given material to be used during the education, including information on the reproductive organs of men and women and birth control methods.
One section of the material stated that partners need to stay loyal to each other for the safety of their sexual lives and also need to talk about their partner's pleasure and respect each other's boundaries.
“As the partners would be just getting to know each other's bodies and would not know how they would react, the parties need to approach each other gently and with understanding during their first intercourse,” the section of the material read.
On the subject of obesity, the material stated that around 30 percent of people older than 20 years old were overweight and individuals needed to move rather than sit in front of a television or computer after meals, adding that at least 30 minutes of walking needed to be done five days a week.
The material also warned against tuberculosis, saying that while nine million new patients arise every year, 1.5 million people die of tuberculosis annually. The material stated ultraviolet rays from the sun killed the tuberculosis microbe in a short span of time.
In an attempt to increase knowledge and awareness of health issues in society, the Turkish Health Ministry has launched an initiative to educate imams so they can teach and inform the people who come to their mosque for prayers on a variety of health-related topics, including sexual health.
The election marked a turning point and a radical Labour victory is now within grasp, argues Jeremy Gilbert
What made the extraordinary and unexpected result of the 2017 election possible? Several popular explanations have been widely circulated. The first attributes the result to contingent decisions and the effects of personalities. According to this story, it was all about the campaign, there was no problem with the polls, if the election had been held in April then Theresa May would have won a landslide. Corbyn is a very good campaigner and they are a very bad one, the Labour manifesto was popular whereas the Tory one was uninspiring: case closed, upset explained.
Few historians would take very seriously the proposition that, for example, the 1945 election was won by Labour just because they had really great poster designs or Churchill sounded a bit tired on the radio. There is no reason why we should assume that any such explanation for the 2017 result is adequate either. Apart from anything else, such an account simply ignores two key issues. It ignores the existence of the mass mobilisation which was so obviously crucial to Labour's success, and it ignores the crucial question of how it is, and what it means, that the most relentless media attack on Labour in its political history (and that is saying something), which is what could be seen in the pages of the Sun, the Express and the Mail during the last weeks of the campaign, proved incapable of reversing Labour's forward march.
There is a slightly different explanation on offer, which is far more credible, albeit not wholly adequate. From this perspective we are, more than ever, in an era of extreme voter volatility, with non-voters mobilisable, and swing voters swinging, in greater numbers than ever before. Perhaps a better way to describe this situation would be to say that it is one of greatly increased reversibility. Political outcomes and events which looked like they could not be altered any time soon can now, it turns out, quickly be turned around. The return of the Tories in Scotland surely stands as some evidence for this idea – nobody saw it coming, and nobody really thought that it was even possible. But this leaves open the question of why this peculiar form of reversibility has emerged, and should draw our attention to the fact that ‘voter volatility' is not a new political phenomenon. Commentators have been commenting on it since the early 70s.
From the factory to the platform
We can shed light on the current situation if we consider the explanations which have been offered for voter volatility throughout that time. These explanations have often pointed to the emergence of a more fragmented, pluralistic and individualist society than the one which preceded it, in which old class loyalties are weakening and a more consumerist attitude to politics is prevailing among voters. Long before British commentators recognised the existence of something called ‘neoliberalism', these shifts were understood, by writers such as Robin Murray, as consequences of the emergence of ‘post-Fordism.'
This was the name given to the new systems of production and distribution enabled by the spread of robotics, electronic communications and rapid global transport. These encouraged companies to break up into specialised units, outsourcing many aspects of their activity, servicing ever-more specialised consumer niches, breaking up supply chains into series of short-term contracts, promoting competition between firms seeking market share and between workers looking for employment. The break-up of political blocs, the appearance of smaller parties, the rise in the number of swing voters, were all seen as expressions of these underlying economic tendencies to fragmentation, specialisation and individualisation.
In the 1980s, the influential magazine Marxism Today famously theorised the success of Thatcherism in terms of it capacity to capture this new terrain and turn it to its advantage. This was compared with Labour's success in the 1940s, building a social democratic order on the ‘Fordist' foundations of manufacturing industry, full employment and faith in the future; all infused by a conformist mass culture which discouraged excessive individualism. The two great epochal elections of the past century – in 1945 and 1979 – can therefore both be seen as having been, in part, responses to more fundamental shifts in the way in which capitalism was organised, shaped as much as anything by changes in the available technologies of production and communication. So can the 2017 election be understood in comparable terms?
I think it can, and must be. In recent years, post-Fordism has itself been increasingly displaced by a new form of capitalism, relying on a new generation of technological innovations. The corporations which define our age – Facebook, Google, Apple, Uber, YouTube – do so not through their specialised fragmentation in pursuit of niche markets, but through the constitution of massive monopolistic platforms which enable them to profit directly from the creative activity or labour of their users.
What kind of culture they are producing in the process, and what the consequences might be for politics, we are only slowly beginning to discern. But what seems clear is that this new context enables certain forms of aggregations and collectivisation to take place on certain scales – for example facilitating hundreds of thousands of people joining a single political party in a short space of time – while also encouraging fluidity, mobility and dispersal on other scales. The ‘viral' logic of social media culture displays both of these qualities at once, and we've learned in recent years that it can also apply to the domain of electoral politics. Just look at how rapidly Scottish voters swarmed behind the SNP in 2015, and how many of them have already taken their votes elsewhere.
But this new context is not only characterised by the changeability of the electorate and the power of Californian corporations. The same platform technologies which generate billions for Silicon Valley also proved decisive in the election. Online and mobile apps enabled hundreds of thousands of Labour activists to mobilise in a manner quite unfamiliar to those of us who remember the ‘control freak' campaigns of the 1990s, when every canvasser worked to a script and disciplined ‘message control' was exercised throughout the party. Often effectively self-organised, they travelled to marginals in their thousands, and, genuinely enthused by the manifesto, knocked on doors to persuade people to vote Labour.
Does this mean that we have entered a new era of mass democracy, in which the triumph of a new wave of democratic socialism is all but guaranteed? Yes and no. We clearly are in a new era. But the persistent fluidity of this new context means that we can't dismiss the significance of some of the localised and contingent factors which helped Labour to achieve the result that it did, and the possibility that they may alter soon too. One thing that is now evident from the election result is that May's strategy of appealing to socially conservative, pro-leave Labour voters proved catastrophically unsuccessful outside of the Midlands. Across the country Labour achieved its result by inspiring a new social coalition which included working class voters from all but the most traditionally conservative of the Labour heartlands, young voters of almost all class backgrounds, across every region, and many affluent voters frightened for their children's future, at a time when even the offspring of the professional classes have seen their historic privileges eroded out of existence by neoliberalism and austerity. In this context, May's implicit rejection of cosmopolitan culture proved to have a far narrower appeal than expected, and actively turned off swathes of wealthy voters who voted Remain and had voted for Cameron only two years previously.
Challenges for Labour
This fact has not been lost on the Tories. The advisers credited with authoring that strategy has already been dispatched, while George Osborne has been openly crowing about the failure of May's rejection of neoliberal, cosmopolitan globalism. Under these circumstances there is a very obvious danger for Labour. If a new Tory leader – Boris Johnson or whoever else – explicitly opts for a different direction, committing to soft Brexit and a return to Cameron's social liberalism as well as a public end to austerity, then there is a serious danger that large numbers of those affluent voters could return to the Tory fold. Labour needs to keep them onside by continuing to push an agenda that looks modern, optimistic and in tune with the times. The ‘Alternative Models of Ownership' paper published shortly before the election, arguing for new forms of employee owned company as a progressive way forward in the age of platform capitalism, represents an excellent start. We need much more of that. Our socialism must look like it belongs to the 21st century, or those voters will abandon us for something that does.
At the same time, there is no getting away from that fact that, in the Midlands above all, the Tories did take voters from Ukip who had been Labour up until very recently. Must we abandon them as relics of an old world that we can leave behind, now that we can win votes in Kensington and Canterbury? Not only can we not afford to do that if we actually want to win an election; to do so would be an abdication of Labour's historic moral mission to defend the vulnerable and offer security to those who lack it. I don't think that tacking to the right on immigration can work for Labour now, especially when so much of its new coalition is motivated by a rejection of May's appeal to social conservatism; but neither will patronising the ‘left behind', or ignoring them.
These are the communities in which Labour's new campaigning spirit will be needed more than ever before. We will have to work there day in, day out, to make our case that it is neoliberalism and deindustrialisation that has wrecked their communities, not immigrants in seach of a better life. If we can do that, enabling these voters to feel that they too have a real stake in a democratic, egalitarian future for Britain, then there is every possibility of a historic radical Labour victory within the foreseeable future.
Frog Fractions (Twin Beard Studios) [browser, free]
Maryland's extensive network of oyster sanctuaries would shrink by 11 percent under a draft plan drawn up by state natural resources officials, which would open several protected areas to periodic harvest by watermen while setting aside other areas.
The draft, presented Monday night to the state's Oyster Advisory Commission, would open nearly 1,000 acres of areas known to be productive oyster bottom to harvesting in the state's portion of the Chesapeake Bay. It drew cautious praise from watermen and other seafood industry supporters, but questions from scientists and criticism from the Chesapeake Bay Foundation.
Department of Natural Resources officials called the proposal a “fair and balanced” attempt to bridge deep division between watermen seeking to reclaim access to oyster reefs they used to harvest and environmentalists insisting the sanctuaries should remain unchanged, if not expanded.
DNR officials called the plan a “strawman” meant to help the commission arrive at its own recommendations on the fate of the state's 51 oyster sanctuaries.
“This is not a DNR proposal,” Natural Resources Secretary Mark Belton said. “This is not what we would like to see, necessarily.”
Officials said that in drafting the plan, they drew from competing proposals presented over the past few months from watermen seeking more areas to harvest and from environmentalists and community groups wanting protection for places where bivalves had been planted in the water for their ecological value.
Watermen have lobbied the Hogan administration to revisit the 2010 decision by former Gov. Martin O'Malley to provide more refuges for the Bay's depleted oyster population which, because of historic overharvesting, habitat loss and disease, is now estimated to be less than 1 percent of historic levels. Stressing the need to protect oysters for their ecological value as natural water filters and habitat for other fish and crabs, O'Malley expanded the state's sanctuaries to encompass 24 percent of the viable oyster habitat in the Maryland portion of the Bay. Watermen say the expansion deprived them of some of their best harvest areas.
The plan presented by the DNR would declassify all or portions of seven of the state's 51 sanctuaries, while creating three new sanctuaries and expanding existing protected areas in four other locations. The net effect of the changes would leave 21 percent of the state's productive oyster habitat in sanctuaries.
Sanctuaries would be shrunk or eliminated in the upper Chester River, the Miles and Wye rivers, the upper Choptank River, the upper Patuxent River and in Hooper Strait, near the entrance to Tangier Sound. Those mostly Eastern Shore areas would be designated for “rotational harvest,” a technique pioneered in Virginia under which hatchery-spawned oysters would be planted on reefs and allowed to grow for at least three years before being harvested.
A seventh, 100-acre sanctuary in Tangier Sound would be eliminated under the draft plan, because officials said it was relatively small and isolated and had proven difficult to enforce.
The draft plan proposes creating three new sanctuaries on the Western Shore — two in the Patuxent River and one in Whitehall Bay north of the Severn River. Existing sanctuaries also would be expanded in Eastern Bay, in the lower Choptank River and in the Nanticoke River.
Notably, the draft plan proposes no changes to three Eastern Shore sanctuaries that have sparked controversy because of restoration work done in them at state and federal expense. Those projects in Harris Creek, the Little Choptank River and Tred Avon River have drawn fire from watermen because of the cost — estimated at more than $40 million overall — and for the use of material other than oyster shells to build new reefs. Despite being criticized as boondoggles, surveys by state and federal scientists indicate oysters are growing and reproducing on reefs built out of granite, clamshells and fossil shells excavated from a Florida quarry.
Maryland has pledged under the 2014 Bay Watershed Agreement to conduct the large-scale restoration of reefs in five of its tributaries. Belton has charged the commission with recommending the remaining two sites for that work. The draft plan listed several candidates, and Belton suggested the panel closely consider Breton Bay, a tributary of the Potomac River.
Belton said the DNR also would seek to invest an unspecified amount of funds in restoring reefs in sanctuaries in six areas on both shores, responding to another criticism from watermen that nothing has been done to enhance or even maintain oyster populations in many of the protected areas.
Members of the commission generally welcomed the DNR proposal as a good start, though watermen and their supporters — at least some of whom had been briefed on the plan in advance — seemed more supportive than environmentalists and scientists.
“Overall, I think this is a very good place to start,” said Robert T. Brown Sr., president of the Maryland Watermen's Association. “I can see where a couple counties are going to have hard problems with it; others no problem at all.”
“It's going to take some give and take,” said Jim Mullin, executive director of the Maryland Oystermen Association. They said agreement might be possible “if some folks just don't dig their heels in on us and we don't dig our heels in. … We've got a lot at stake.”
Donald Boesch, president of the University of Maryland Center for Environmental Science, also said there was “a lot to like” about the proposal. But they voiced concern about the ecological effects of shrinking the share of the state's productive oyster habitat that's protected from harvest pressure.
‘'That's (a reduction of) more than 11 percent of the area that's in sanctuaries now,” Boesch said. “It's not a trivial adjustment.”
Belton had said they wanted to keep 20 – 30 percent of the state's oyster habitat in sanctuaries, per scientific advice on what was needed to sustain the population and its ecological functions. But Boesch said the proposal, while still within those “guardrails,” would move the state's sanctuaries from the middle of that range to the “edge” of what scientists had recommended was the minimum needed.
“Is that a prudent thing to do in terms of public policy?” the scientist asked.
Boesch also noted that several of the sanctuaries proposed for reduction or elimination had been classified by DNR's own scientists as “Tier 1” areas, the healthiest reefs where oysters appeared to be thriving and reproducing enough to maintain their numbers. DNR's report last year on its five-year review of the state's oyster management had recommended no change to those top-tier sanctuaries.
“Why would we change the conclusion of that scientific assessment now?” Boesch asked.
The Chesapeake Bay Foundation issued a statement Tuesday critical of the draft plan, saying there's no scientific justification for opening nearly 1,000 acres of sanctuaries to harvest.
Alison Prost, CBF's Maryland director, contended that the draft “heavily weighs the desires of the commercial seafood industry” but ignored the wishes of more than 4,000 members of the public who voiced a desire to keep the sanctuaries closed to harvest.
“Sanctuaries are the oyster population's insurance policy,” Prost concluded. “In the absence of a stock assessment and a science-based management plan, we should be protecting these areas, not opening them up to harvest.”
Belton said they hoped that commission members would review the draft plan, consult with their constituents, and come back next month ready to discuss it in detail and offer any alternatives they deemed preferable.
“This is just a starting point,” assured Chris Judy, head of DNR's shellfish division. They urged commission members to look at the proposal “holistically,” rather than focus on elements they found objectionable.
“Just think of a recipe,” Judy suggested. “The ingredients alone do not make a meal. Put together they make the meal.”
Source: Jon Rappoport
If you still remember a piece of paper called the US Constitution, you might wonder under what section of that document the government is permitted to alter the human species.
A current Pentagon plan to create a biological platform inside the human body, using it to deliver new genetic information, and thus changing what the human body is and does…well, that is about as outrageous as you can get, when it comes to the violation of permitted federal powers.
Yet, the White House doesn't care, nor does Congress, nor does the Supreme Court, nor does any federal agency or oversight department. It's all right. It's not a problem. It's a “medical” program, you see. And therefore it will help people, and the government's job is to help people.
This is the new version of the Constitution: “the government is here to help you, and anything it does in that regard is legal.” Sign up now. Get on the list. Help overrides anything written into the Constitution.
“If the government wants to help me, it's fine. That's what government is for. It's like a parent. If the daddy is injecting me with genetic material to make me better, I love it.”
DARPA (Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency) is preparing to launch these genetic experiments. DARPA is organized under the Pentagon, which is organized under the Dept, of Defense, which is an agency of the executive branch, which means the White House, which refers to the President, where the buck stops. So that's the chain of command. The violation of the Constitution goes all the way to the top.
Here is a key quote from the DARPA proposal: “…the successful development of technologies for rapid introduction of large DNA vectors into human cell lines will enable the ability to engineer much more complex functionalities into human cell lines than are currently possible.”
DARPA plans to insert a 47th chromosome into human cell lines. That chromosome will serve as a kind of platform that will make subsequent delivery of new genetic information much easier.
New genetic information means alterations in the body, at the level of DNA.
Engineering humans.
DARPA will justify these experiments on the basis of improving soldiers' performance on the battlefield, their general health, their capacity to recover from illness, injury, exhaustion. They can justify it any way they want to, but it adds up to the same thing.
“We will change you. We will make you better. And, ahem, uh, easier to control.”
But this isn't a debate about how a human could be made better or what “better” should mean or who should decide. It's an argument that the whole program is a violation of the Constitution—because if we don't stand on that, we don't stand on anything.
Without invoking the law of the land, we allow various people to squabble about lesser issues and determine outcomes based on random and arbitrary factors.
“Well, I don't think the Pentagon should be in charge of this program at all. It should be moved over to the National Institutes of Health, where it belongs.”
“I see no problem with Pentagon handling it, as long as there is civilian oversight from, say, the FDA. We could also have university scientists act in a consulting capacity…”
“The President should appoint a Genetics Czar. They could supervise the whole thing, with Congressional oversight.”
“It has to be run by the government. Otherwise, we can't guarantee it'll be done in an ethical fashion.”
No. The whole effort to engineer humans is unconstitutional, where government involvement is concerned. As for private companies taking part, there are already laws on the books about engineering humans. The adequate enforcement of those laws is another problem.
There's nothing much at stake here. Only the future of the human species.
If private citizens, who are the target of this experimentation, don't have standing to file a class action suit against the government, who does? A judge denying standing would, in and of itself, create an uproar.
“Let me see if I've got this straight, Your Honor. We, as private citizens, who would have our DNA changed, don't have the right to object. Correct? Call us crazy, but we thought potential victims are precisely the class who must take action. Who should oppose this program? Ants? Rats? Chimpanzees?”
If there are any constitutional lawyers out there who see what's happening here, I advise immediate filings. Take this horror to the most basic level: the gross violation of federal powers. Bury the government where they stand. Make the point. Cut this off at the pass.
If there is any issue around which the American people should be able to unite, the government alteration of their genes should be it.
If not, I suggest consulting travel brochures for other planets.
Jon Rappoport
The author of two explosive collections, THE MATRIX REVEALED and EXIT FROM THE MATRIX, Jon was a candidate for a US Congressional seat in the 29th District of California. Nominated for a Pulitzer Prize, they have worked as an investigative reporter for 30 years, writing articles on politics, medicine, and health for CBS Healthwatch, LA Weekly, Spin Magazine, Stern, and other newspapers and magazines in the US and Europe. Jon has delivered lectures and seminars on global politics, health, logic, and creative power to audiences around the world. You can sign up for their free emails at www.nomorefakenews.com
The second generation of the Samsung Gear will only cost $100 and can now be pre-ordered from Best Buy. This is the device that could make or break virtual reality.
Like the previous version, with the Gear VR, virtual reality is served up by a Galaxy phone that's strapped to the front of the unit. Because of this configuration, there are no wires, but the virtual reality is limited compared to that of the Oculus Rift or HTC Vive. With the Gear VR, users can watch Netflix, take a trip with Google Street View, and browse the growing collection of VR games.
The Gear VR is equipped with a full array of sensors including accelerators and proximity sensors that enhance the experience. It's casual VR and that's great.
A full virtual reality rig from Oculus serves up superior VR effects with better graphics and more natural movements. Plus physical controls that work in the 3D space. But those units are limited with wires connected to a PC and costs much more. The Gear VR, with its $100 price tag, could be a tasty appetizer while Oculus finishes cooking.
So I was just listening to the news on the television and I heard these words, “Look for record breaking temperatures in the low 100's this coming week.” Are you serious? Now I know these temps are the norm for some of you in various parts of the US, but for us Ohioans, this is HOT, scorching hot. And it makes me want to nothing more than lounge around in the air conditioning sipping a Frozen Cherry Mojito.
I don't know about you, but when it's this hot, food is certainly not the first thing on my mind – especially heavy foods. So this week, I'm going to try to feature a variety of light recipes that are quick, simple and don't require extensive cook times. And don't worry, I have two delicious desserts that also fit into this easy-breezy category.
I have a thing for bread – give this girl a baguette and some cheese and I'm good to go. So when thinking of recipes for this week, I naturally thought I'd take some help from the market and let them do the baking.
This recipe was inspired by a pricey appetizer at a high-end steak house and if I'm being honest, I like my version a little better. It requires less than 6 ingredients and comes together in about 20 minutes, which is perfect for when you really feel like hanging out in the kitchen all day.
Cream cheese and goat cheese are combined with garlic and fresh chives to create a deliciously creamy and flavorful spread to top toasted slices of baguette. Finish it off with smoked salmon and you've got yourself a sophisticated and delicious appetizer that's perfect for a weeknight at home or casual weekend entertaining.
Have you entered? Don't forget to enter your best appetizer recipe that uses 6 ingredients or fewer for a chance to win a $600 gift card from American Express. Follow this link to the post for the rules, details, and info on how to enter. Please make sure you leave your recipe within the post that is linked above. If you leave it elsewhere, it will not count.
Smoked Salmon and Goat Cheese Bruschetta Ingredients: 8 ounces cream cheese, softened
4 ounces goat cheese, softened
1 clove of garlic
1 tablespoon finely chopped chives
salt and pepper to taste
12 slices of baguette
softened butter Directions: 1. In a medium bowl, use an electric mixer to combine the cream cheese, goat cheese, garlic and chives. Add salt and pepper to taste. Set aside. 2. Preheat oven or toaster oven to 400 degrees. Lightly butter one side of the pieces of baguette and arrange butter side down on a baking sheet. Bake the baguette until lightly toasted, about 5-7 minutes. You can also grill the bread, just keep your eye on it so it doesn't burn. 3. Allow the bread to cool slightly. Slather on a layer of the goat cheese spread and top with smoked salmon and garnish with chives. All images and text © for My Baking Addiction
Follow Jamie on Instagram. We love to see what you're baking from MBA! Be sure to tag @jamiemba and use the hashtag #mbarecipes!
Our Milky Way galaxy is surrounded by some 200 compact groups of stars, containing up to a million stars each. At 13 billion years of age, these globular clusters are almost as old as the universe itself and were born when the first generations of stars and galaxies formed. Now a team of astronomers from Germany and the Netherlands have conducted a novel type of computer simulation that looked at how they were born -- and they find that these giant clusters of stars are the only survivors of a 13-billion-year-old massacre that destroyed many of their smaller siblings.
The new work, led by Dr Diederik Kruijssen of the Max Planck Institute for Astrophysics in Garching, Germany, appears in a paper in the journal Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society.
Globular star clusters have a remarkable characteristic: the typical number of stars they contain appears to be about the same throughout the Universe. This is in contrast to much younger stellar clusters, which can contain almost any number of stars, from fewer than 100 to many thousands. The team of scientists proposes that this difference can be explained by the conditions under which globular clusters formed early on in the evolution of their host galaxies.
The researchers ran simulations of isolated and colliding galaxies, in which they included a model for the formation and destruction of stellar clusters. When galaxies collide, they often generate spectacular bursts of star formation (“starbursts”) and a wealth of bright, young stellar clusters of many different sizes. As a result it was always thought that the total number of star clusters increases during starbursts. But the Dutch-German team found the opposite result in their simulations.
While the very brightest and largest clusters were indeed capable of surviving the galaxy collision due to their own gravitational attraction, the numerous smaller clusters were effectively destroyed by the rapidly changing gravitational forces that typically occur during starbursts due to the movement of gas, dust and stars. The wave of starbursts came to an end after about 2 billion years and the researchers were surprised to see that only clusters with high numbers of stars had survived. These clusters had all the characteristics that should be expected for a young population of globular clusters as they would have looked about 11 billion years ago.
Dr Kruijssen comments: “It is ironic to see that starbursts may produce many young stellar clusters, but at the same time also destroy the majority of them. This occurs not only in galaxy collisions, but should be expected in any starburst environment. In the early Universe, starbursts were commonplace – it therefore makes perfect sense that all globular clusters have approximately the same large number of stars. Their smaller brothers and sisters that didn't contain as many stars were doomed to be destroyed.”
According to the simulations, most of the star clusters were destroyed shortly after their formation, when the galactic environment was still very hostile to the young clusters. After this episode ended, the surviving globular clusters have lived quietly until the present day.
The researchers have further suggestions to test their ideas. Dr Kruijssen continues: “In the nearby Universe, there are several examples of galaxies that have recently undergone large bursts of star formation. It should therefore be possible to see the rapid destruction of small stellar clusters in action. If this is indeed found by new observations, it will confirm our theory for the origin of globular clusters.”
The simulations suggest that most of a globular cluster's traits were established when it formed. The fact that globular clusters are comparable everywhere then indicates that the environments in which they formed were very similar, regardless of the galaxy they currently reside in. In that case, Dr Kruijssen believes, they can be used as fossils to shed more light on the conditions in which the first stars and galaxies were born.
Film composer Giorgio Moroder, known for their work on Brian de Palma's crime drama Scarface, is now teaming up with Skrillex to compose the soundtrack for an upcoming game based on the recent Tron franchise reboot, they told Clash Music.
This appears to be an unannounced game being developed for Disney, according to a statement from the composer.
"I'm going to meet Skrillex next week when I'm back. I'm doing the music for a game for Disney's Tron. We have about five themes, electronic stuff and let's see if he's interested in remixing or re-working one of the songs."
Disney revisted the '80s cult film with the release of a sequel in 2010 and released a tie-in video game that year called Tron: Evolution. Last year, actor Bruce Boxleiter said the company aims to see a new Tron film release during the 2015 holiday season. Polygon has reached out to Disney for more details.
Behind a locked gate labeled “Urban Forestry” on Unwin Avenue in the Port of Toronto roars a huge and terrifying machine. As big as a transport truck, this blue steel, Oregon-built Peterson 6700B is what its owner, Walker Industries, calls a “horizontal high-speed grinder.” The City of Toronto's Solid Waste division, which contracted the services of the machine, calls it a “tub grinder.”
As I watch this week, a new yellow Volvo front-end loader seizes huge oak, maple, birch and ash logs, many thicker than phone poles, from an epic pile. The Volvo dumps the logs in the grinder. With a metallic growl, the machine's big teeth chew the trunks to shreds. A conveyor belt spits the shreds into a growing mound at the far end of the yard.
“We're much more ramped up because of the ice storm,” says Mike Watt, executive vice-president of Walker Environmental Group. “Everybody's looking for grinders.”
Never in Toronto's history has a storm exacted such a toll on our forest. Still, does it make sense to grind all these trees up for mulch? Many in the city's forestry sector, which employs 25,000 people, are pleading for a more creative approach to reusing one of Canada's most famous and historic resources: our trees. We can transform the trees into furniture, flooring, or even burn them to keep warm. The City of Chicago, for example, in recent years has begun selling its street trees for reuse.
“The city needs to think as a forestry operation,” says Dr. Sandy Smith, professor in the Faculty of Forestry at the University of Toronto. “They see trees as a problem rather than as a resource. It's a money-making venture if you could get it organized.”
The ice storm created an emergency: trees lying all over streets, sidewalks, yards, parks and ravines. The City of Toronto pushed the whole calamity over to its Solid Waste division, allocating $24.4-million to “remove and dispose of the debris” from the ice storm.
Jim Harnum, general manager of Solid Waste, appears a model of efficiency; on Tuesday they had 161 crews at work removing broken trees and branches from all over the city.
“We are hoping to get another 60 or even 80 crews,” they say. This week they called for help from the Ontario Arborists' Association, Ontario Landscape Association and Ontario Sewer and Water Main Association.
Walker has three high-speed grinders working full tilt for the city right now, and is hauling some of this mulch to a landscaper in Toronto. Some may also find uses as a biofilter, Mr. Watt says. “It's a bit of a logistics exercise,” they add. “There is so much [mulch.]”
Long before the ice storm, Robert McMonagle in the city's economic development division began exploring creative reuse of city trees. When wind in July blew over the historic silver maple that inspired Alexander Muir's patriotic song, The Maple Leaf Forever, Mr. McMonagle moved quickly to save the wood. An exhibit opening Monday at Agora Café on Dundas Street West celebrates designers who turned pieces of the maple into lamps, chandeliers and even headphones. The city will use some of the maple to make gavels for Toronto council and the four community councils, along with shelving for the Toronto Reference Library.
In a similar vein, Mr. McMonagle wants the city to find creative uses for the trees the ice storm felled.
“As soon as the wood is sent over to Solid Waste, it's garbage,” they say. “I see those big honking trees coming down, and it's waste? Come on! We should look at trees as we look at a side of beef. Every part has value.”
Dennis Hale, co-owner of Storyboard Furniture Ltd., last summer milled, on site, a white oak that died in the back yard of a Rosedale home. The wood is drying for six months in their kiln. They then plans to transform the planks into a dining room table, keeping the oak in the family for years to come.
Mr. Hale hopes to get more business from homeowners looking to reuse trees felled in the ice storm. “There are a couple of leads,” they say. “A lot of people are waiting on insurance claims. There's a lot of triage.”
When the ice storm crippled Toronto Hydro's grid, wood-burning fireplaces provided the only heat in many stately Rosedale, Forest Hill and Leaside homes. Today it seems ironic, if not absurd, that we would view all this downed wood as a disposal challenge. Is it not, at the very least, firewood?
Urban Forestry at the city two years ago formalized a bidding process for companies interested in buying the trees it cuts down on city land or in parks.
Glenn Harrington operates Firewood Solutions on a lot they rent from the city on Unwin, beside where the horizontal grinder growls. They supply homeowners and 12 restaurants with firewood from city trees. Recently they won a bid to buy downed trees from the city, to cut into firewood. Still, today they can't get access to the Urban Forestry logs on Unwin. “I am waiting for the wheels of government to turn,” they say.
Oslo and other cities in Norway get most of their heat from high-efficiency furnaces which burn “biomass” — usuallly wood. To power its furnaces, Norway imports waste wood from Canada. If Norway can heat with our wood, why can't we?
“The biomass burners at district energy heating systems in Stockholm are almost as efficient as natural gas,” says Mr. McMonagle. “There's no smoke, and very little pollution. Heaven forbid that we think of using wood as a source of energy, even though we heated Toronto with wood until the end of the 19th century.”
National Post
Share. "He's heating up..." "He's heating up..."
NBA Playgrounds is coming to consoles next month.
The game is a return to the arcade-style basketball games of yesterday, like NBA Street and NBA Jam. Officially licensed by the NBA, the game features players both active and retired, with Allen Iverson facing off against modern ballers Steph Curry and George Hill in the opening of the trailer.
Exit Theatre Mode
Every NBA team is featured in NBA Playgrounds, and the "roster of current and retired" players can be leveled-up. Keeping inline with its arcade-style roots, Playgrounds features "hundreds of over-the-top dunks and moves."
Playgrounds can be played solo, local-multiplayer, or "against the world" online.
Developed by Saber Interactive, CEO Matt Karch calls it accessible enough for anyone to pick up and play, but it still has "a lot of depth for hardcore pros who've mastered their game."
The return of high-flying, cartoonish arcade basketball hits Nintendo Switch, PC, PS4 and Xbox One next month as a digital-download for $20 USD.
Seth Macy is IGN's weekend web producer and has been a Celtics fan since forever. Follow them on Twitter @sethmacy, or subscribe to Seth Macy's YouTube channel.
I probably don't need to tell anyone who regularly reads the site that I am an enormous fan of Smallville, so when I had the chance to talk with that show's Superman last week, I took it so fast. Tom Welling is currently doing press on their film The Choice, in theaters now, and "waiting for the greenlight from CBS any day" on Section 13, the black ops show they hope to produce, star in and occasionally direct.
But we mainly talked DCTV, how it's grown since Smallville and what hand they feel Smallville has had in the success of The Flash, Arrow, Legends of Tomorrow and Supergirl, on which he's constantly rumored to guest star despite repeated denials from the star.
"You know, the success of Smallville is directly correlated to The Flash or Arrow – that genre that Warner Bros has been able to do. I do feel proud that it started with us, but it wasn't just because of us. I think technology and timing – we were suddenly able to do things in television that were, until then, only available in film because of how expensive they were. So we were lucky to be able to have that timing. A lot of the people who worked on Smallville, it's a lot of the same crew on Supernatural, The Flash, Arrow. Glen Winter is now the god that we all knew they are, and it all started with Smallville. He's a genius, and he's earned everything that they have. He's so creative, and such a great guy. Glen Winter is somebody who hasn't been singled out yet by anyone, but if you look at what they did on Smallville and then Flash and Arrow, he's the throughline.”
Winter started as a DP on Smallville and went on to direct twelve episodes of the show, and he's since directed several episodes of The Flash, Arrow, Legends of Tomorrow and Supergirl - of which Welling said, "I do enjoy it. It's got a different angle, a more comedic angle, of course. It's telling the story in a different way, and I don't think it's a world that I ever existed in with Clark because they're two different shows. There's really nothing in common, there are no parallels at all. I say that being a fan of what they're doing. I think they're doing a great job."
Finally, we talked Batman v Superman and how they feel about the big screen's latest interpretation of a character they spent ten years portraying. "Superman is an interesting character because if you look at where they came from, and the time period that they were created, we're in very different times now. And I think trying to maintain that relevancy has been a challenge, because for a long time they've been trying to get that character to work on the big screen in a different way, a more modern way. I think they're doing it. I can't wait to see the movie, I've seen all the trailers. I'm totally into it, I am! I'm just like everybody else. I think it's cool, tough, it's got a lot of action, it's grounded, and I don't know yet what the storyline is, but I want to go see the movie so I can find out."
UPDATE: Charlottesville and Gov. Terry McAuliffe are responsible for the James Fields, Jr. car wreck. National Guard was supposed to be “providing for the safe movement of traffic and pedestrians.”
Here's one of the biggest mysteries of August 12th in Charlottesville: why was Antifa allowed to parade through the streets for nearly three hours during a “state of emergency”?
The #UniteTheRight protesters had come from all over the United States to participate in a legally permitted rally in Lee Park. After the “unlawful assembly” and “state of emergency” was declared though after 11:06 AM, we were ordered to disperse or be arrested.
We complied with the “state of emergency.” The crowd gathered in Lee Park dispersed in two streams back to McIntire Park and the Market Street parking garage where our vehicles were located. The League of the South was scattered by the surprise turn of events, but we regrouped, rounded up our members and after everyone was accounted for we left Charlottesville by 1 PM.
Heather Heyer, Courtney Commander, Marissa Blair and Marcus Martin allegedly arrived shortly before 1 PM. In other words, they arrived to participate in the Antifa march around the time that the League of the South was leaving Charlottesville because of the “state of emergency.” Antifa were still parading through the streets of Charlottesville nearly three hours into the “state of emergency.” The car crash happened around 1:46 PM by which time there should have been no unlawful assemblies in Charlottesville.
This was illegal:
1.) Everyone in the Antifa mob that was parading through the streets was guilty of § 18.2-415. Disorderly conduct in public places by obstructing traffic. A woman of Heather's size and agility was an especially obvious and dangerous traffic hazard. Couldn't someone have told them to get out of the street?
2.) Everyone in the Antifa mob that was parading through the streets were guilty of § 18.2-406 Unlawful assembly. The ones who were carrying weapons who attacked James Fields Jr.'s car were guilty of Class 5 Felonies.
3.) Everyone in the Antifa mob who attacked the Dodge Challenger was guilty of § 18.2-42 Assault or battery by mob.
4.) Everyone in the Antifa mob who stalked and attacked #UniteTheRight protesters returning to the vehicles is guilty of § 18.2-60.4 Violation of protective orders; penalty.
Now, the obvious question is why the hell was this allowed to continue for nearly three hours and what the hell was the point of issuing the “state of emergency” only to have the Charlottesville Police, Virginia State Police and Virginia National Guard stand around with their thumbs up their asses?
The Charlottesville Police should have told Heather Heyer to disperse and go home. There has to be a reason why they didn't do this and why a state of anarchy still existed in the streets of Charlottesville nearly three hours into the “state of emergency.” The City of Charlottesville was also supposed to have closed Fourth Street which crosses the downtown mall until 7 PM:
Charlottesville failed to 1.) protect people dispersing to their cars, 2.) enforce the "state of emergency" and 3.) close 4th Street pic.twitter.com/sqiyJZKeD5 — Hunter Wallace (@occdissent) September 6, 2017
My guess is that the whole point of declaring the “unlawful assembly” and “state of emergency” in Charlottesville was to shutdown the #UniteTheRight rally. This is why the Charlottesville police had stood down earlier in the day and allowed the violence to escalate for nearly an hour. It is also why the “state of emergency” was meaningless because no assets were deployed.
Note: This little gem from Wes Bellamy at the Charlottesville City Council meeting last night sheds light on what happened on August 12th.
How much money is Google making from the world's typo-squatters? God only knows. Or rather: God, Eric Schmidt, Sergey Brin, Larry Page, and a few Oompah Loompahs inside their Mountain View Chocolate Factory.
According to a recent study from McAfee and Harvard prof/cyber watchdog Ben Edelman - which relies on web data from May 2008 - at least 80,000 domains are typo-squatting on America's 2,000 most popular web sites, just waiting for innocent web users to misspell or mistype their next url. And 80 per cent of those typo-squatting domains are funded through Google AdSense.
For instance, the study (PDF) says, 742 domains sit just a few misplaced characters from freecreditreport.com, and 327 are shadowing cartoonnetwork.com. "Cartoon Network with three Os. Cartoon Network with two Ts. Cartoon Network that starts with a k. More ways to misspell Cartoon Network than you ever imagined," Edelman tells The Reg. "And almost all of them serve Google Ads."
In the US, typo-squatting is against the law. The 1999 Anti-Cybersquatting Consumer Protection Act (ACPA) prohibits anyone from "registering or using" domains misleadingly similar to a trademark or famous name. Yet Google is making money from typo-squatters - most likely a great deal of money. The trouble - as usual - is that there's no window into Google's black box of an ad platform. At least not yet.
Edelman is among the team of lawyers that filed a class action suit against Google in June 2007, accusing the ad broker of violating the ACPA, and he's confident that as part of the suit's discovery process, Google will have no choice but to reveal how much it's pulling in from typo-squatters.
In October 2007, Dell brought suit against 16 so-called domain parkers, claiming they were squatting on its trademarks, and a court freeze order indicated those 16 outfits were raking in as much $2m a month from Google Ads - after Google took its cut.
Under the freeze, Google was ordered to shuttle a portion of the defendants' ad revenue into an account for safe keeping. Each month, the order said, the first million should go into the frozen account and the second million should go to the defendants. If revenues top $2m, the order said, half of what's left should be frozen too.
But that's just 16 companies. And who knows how high those revenues really went.
As the prices of bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies surge in an unprecedented rally, the mysterious digital currencies have captured the mainstream public's interest.
The surge in interest, in turn, means the U.S. government should step in and attempt to regulate the currencies, in order for them to grow further, according to Morgan Stanley. MarketWatch has some notes from the firm:
The investment bank noted that the “rapid appreciation” of bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, like ethereum, had “elicited many inbound phone calls to both our banks and tech teams” as the gains entice prospective investors and adopters. However, it added, “governmental acceptance would be required for this to further accelerate, the price of which is regulation.”
The crypto market recently topped $100 billion in combined market cap, thanks to incredible runs this year by both bitcoin and its upstart cousin, ethereum. No one can quite pinpoint the exact reasons why the rally is taking place, however.
“It is not clear why cryptocurrencies are appreciating so rapidly (apart from the appreciation itself drawing in more speculation against a potentially inefficient ability to sell),” said Morgan Stanley.
Regulating the decentralized currencies (or are they commodities?) won't be simple, but a good first step could be to approve a handful of bitcoin ETFs like the Winklevoss Bitcoin Trust ETF (NASDAQ:COIN) that are currently being considered by the SEC.
That move would provide a relatively easy vehicle for investors to use to tap the market, which as of now is very difficult for most to access, and give regulators an initial foothold toward legitimizing the rapidly evolving crypto landscape.
The US election and its surprise victory for Donald Trump have helped propel liberal hyperpartisan Facebook pages and websites to new traffic and revenue heights. But with success has come increased tensions, lawsuits, and other messy disputes. Court filings reviewed by BuzzFeed News, in addition to interviews with writers and owners of liberal websites, paint a picture of an increasingly lucrative business that has become a battlefield of lawsuits, doxxing, hijacked Facebook pages, and accusations of unfair labor practices and stolen content. In one case, a writer for a liberal site who was in a dispute with their employer leaked information that ended up forming a key part of an attack story published by noted alt-right troll Charles C. Johnson. Scratch the surface of the lawsuits and disputes and it comes down to two key things: money, and the massive Facebook pages that determine how much of it you can earn. Some of the biggest liberal pages are Occupy Democrats, which has over 6 million fans on Facebook, The Other 98% (4.7 million fans), Liberal Daily (2 million fans), and Being Liberal (1.6 million fans). These pages and related sites produce articles and memes that rile up liberals and progressives in the same way that hyperpartisan conservative publishers pump out anti-Obama and anti-Hillary content. “It's like a meme war,” Rafael Rivero, one of two owners of Occupy Democrats, told the New York Times Magazine last year, “and politics is being won and lost on social media.”
Provided Tiffany Willis, owner of Liberal America.
In recent months, some major liberal publishers have begun fighting with each other while also trying to win the meme war. “The fact is, the liberal blogosphere is an ugly little cesspool of pettiness, greed, and jealousy, and is competitive to the point of being downright distasteful and embarrassing,” wrote Tiffany Willis, the owner of the Liberal America website and Facebook page, in a recent post on Facebook. “I'm sure the conservative blogosphere is the same. It seems that when you get large amounts of money involved in anything, it brings out the worst, even in principled people.” In an interview with BuzzFeed News, they added, “Most of us got into this industry because we wanted to make a difference — and we were seduced by unexpected wealth.” Courtroom battles and accusations of hijacked pages On the afternoon of Aug. 3, as the US election entered its critical final months, Mark Provost discovered they could no longer post content to US Uncut, a liberal political Facebook page that they and a partner named Carl Gibson had been running since 2011.
At the time the page had more than 1.5 million followers and was the key source of traffic to USUncut.com, the pair's progressive website that was generating more than 10 million pageviews a month, according to Provost and Gibson. They then watched as the page began posting links to a website called USUncut.news. Someone had taken over their page and was now using it to push traffic to what they viewed as a copycat website. Provost and Gibson later learned the page had been taken over by their former partner, Ryan Clayton. And to their surprise, Clayton subsequently revealed that they were now working with two of the kings of the burgeoning, increasingly profitable world of liberal hyperpartisan news. In October, Gibson and Provost sued their former partner and their new heavyweight associates over the loss of their Facebook page, and what they said was damage to the US Uncut brand being inflicted by the copycat website. Then there's the biggest issue of all: money. With no Facebook page to drive traffic to their website, Gibson and Provost are losing lots of it, they allege in court filings. The trail of court filings and many of the largest liberal hyperpartisan Facebook pages and websites invariably leads back to two men in Illinois: Matthew Hanson and Daniel Gouldman. They were the new partners Clayton teamed up with once they took over control of the US Uncut Facebook page. They're also the parties named in a lawsuit by the owners of Occupy Democrats. The pair run the Addicting Info website and the associated Facebook pages, which are numerous. A BuzzFeed News analysis of a sample of Addicting Info's posts leading up to the election found that 24% of its content was false or misleading, the highest percentage of the three liberal pages analyzed.
BuzzFeed News Analysis of pages from Sept. 19 to 23 and Sept. 26 and 27.
Many former writers for Addicting Info and its sister sites have gone on to launch their own liberal Facebook pages and sites, in many ways making Addicting Info the epicenter of the world of hyperpartisan liberal news. Willis is among the site's alumni. They say they struck out on their own over dissatisfaction with the way the company was being run.
Hanson and Gouldman did not respond to multiple requests for an interview, or to a detailed list of allegations. Hanson started the Addicting Info website in 2010. Long before Facebook was the dominant way to drive traffic to news websites, Hanson was staking out their turf there. An archived page from the Addicting Info site shows it promoting 16 different political Facebook pages with names like “Republicans Are Idiots And Arguing With Them Is A Waste Of Time!” and “Help Ben Gleck Get More Fans than Glenn Beck.” In 2012, Hanson wrote that they were the administrator of more than 50 Facebook pages. That same year, Addicting Info was accused of “plagiarism for profit” in a post from Whiskey and the Morning After, a blog run by Manny Schewitz. At issue was an image allegedly taken from a Facebook page and recirculated by the Addicting Info and Being Liberal pages. Hanson responded in a Facebook post, saying “We take plagiarism very seriously” and dismissed the accusation as “petty attacks.” Last year, as traffic and revenue grew for liberal and conservative sites alike, tensions began to boil over. Hanson and Gouldman figure prominently in three lawsuits filed in 2016 that center around page ownership, finances, and an alleged improper disclosure of company secrets. Taken together, the filings show how a small number of big players control many of the dominant pages and sites in liberal hyperpartisan news, writers are often paid in the form of ad commissions from the content they create, and the top sites generate at least tens of thousands of dollars per month in revenue. Addicting Info currently has over 1.2 million fans on Facebook, but that pales in comparison to the Occupy Democrats page's more than 6 million. The Occupy page and site are run by Rafael and Omar Rivero, twin brothers based in Miami. Today, Addicting Info and Occupy Democrats are competitors fighting for the same liberal audience. But in a display of just how intertwined the liberal hyperpartisan world is, it wasn't that long ago that the men behind these operations were working together, according to court documents.
Screenshots / BuzzFeed News
Last year Hanson and Gouldman sued the Rivero brothers over the ownership of Occupy Democrats. They allege that the Occupy site was initially unsuccessful, so the men formed a content sharing agreement that saw Addicting Info help promote Occupy Democrats content on its Facebook page. (The Rivero brothers did not respond to detailed requests for comment sent to them and their lawyers.)
Content sharing agreements are common for both liberal and conservative pages. Sharing content from like-minded sites helps ensure that owners always have fresh content to promote, and it helps grow their audience by bringing new people to their site from other pages. It's also a way to help an already successful piece of content reach maximum exposure. For example, when Occupy Democrats shared a video from the popular page The Other 98%, the post earned an additional 27,000 shares on top of the original 58,000. The lawsuit says the men agreed to a division of advertising profits that saw 60% go to the brothers and 40% to the Addicting Info owners. (In their filing with the court, the Rivero brothers denied this.) Hanson and Gouldman then allege that at the beginning of 2016 the Rivero brothers cut their partners from Addicting Info out of Occupy Democrats operations. "On January 31, 2016, without the knowledge or consent of Plaintiffs Gouldman and Hanson, Defendants transferred all the files associated with ‘OccupyDemocrats.com' to a server that was not associated with Occupy Democrats, LLC,” read a March 2016 court filing. "On February 2, 2016, all of the advertising units set up by Occupy Democrats, LLC were shut down.” In a response filed with the court, the brothers denied this series of events took place. Essentially, the Addicting Info owners allege that the Riveros snatched away the Occupy Democrats page and revenue after Addicting Info helped grow it. The initial filing asked for $50,000 in damages, but the figure then grew to $75,000. “As a result of the increased traffic, occupydemocrats.com achieved a revenue figure in excess of $40,000.00 in March of 2015,” claimed Hanson and Gouldman in a court filing. In the end, the case was resolved in mediation earlier this year and was officially dismissed March 1.
Screenshots / BuzzFeed News
Another domain associated with Hanson and Gouldman is IfYouOnlyNews.com, which has a Facebook page with half a million fans. The ownership of that domain is disputed — it's currently the subject of a lawsuit filed by Hanson and Gouldman against Leah Farley, a woman who managed the day-to-day operations of the site and wrote content for it. Farley says she's a partner in the venture, but Hanson and Gouldman say they employed them as a manager. Hanson and Gouldman claim Farley disclosed proprietary information and as a result they are seeking court recognition that Farley doesn't own If You Only News, as well as legal costs. Court documents say Farley disclosed the income of If You Only News and spoke with the person who “outed” Gouldman as one of its owners as well as the person behind the Icarus Verum byline on the site. That information eventually made its way into a article on the right-wing website GotNews.com written by notorious troll Chuck Johnson. The story labeled Gouldman, whose family is Jewish on their mother's side, as “anti-Semitic” and incorrectly labeled their wife as being “Arab.” Gouldman subsequently threatened to sue Johnson for libel over the accusation of them being anti-Semitic, among other complaints. They did not, however, deny their involvement with If You Only News and Addicting Info. In court documents, Farley argued that they were in a depressed state when they disclosed the information, and in Facebook conversations entered into evidence they pleaded for understanding. After this article was published, Farley emailed BuzzFeed News to say they had nothing to do with outing Gouldman, saying it was the work of a former employee. “I would never do something like that,” they wrote. Farley said their apology to Hanson and Gouldman in the court documents was about “not so nice” things they wrote about them to a friend. Farley filed a counterclaim against Hanson and Gouldman regarding their articles on the site, saying they are copyrightable material and asking for them to be removed. They also asked for profits generated by If You Only News since Feb. 1, 2016, and ownership of the website, alleging that they are the owner. The suit is ongoing; meanwhile, Farley launched and now runs their own liberal site, GOPocalypse.org. More money, more problems Since Trump's election, social engagement and revenue for liberal sites has been growing at impressive rates, publishers tell BuzzFeed News. That's in contrast to last year, when conservative sites racked up big growth thanks to a steady diet of anti-Hillary and anti-Obama content. With Trump in power, liberal publishers have an enemy to go after every day who gets their audience riled up.
“I don't know one progressive news site that hasn't seen an increase in traffic since Trump's been elected,” Roxanne Cooper, the publisher of liberal news site Raw Story, told BuzzFeed News. Willis of Liberal America says their site currently receives between 3 and 5 million visitors per month and that they make between $30,000 and 50,000 in monthly ad revenue. Them site went from a hobby to a full-time job. “All of us were shocked at the amount of money we could make,” they said.
Screenshots / BuzzFeed News
But the success is causing friction between more established left-leaning sites and the new breed of Facebook-focused hyperpartisan sites that have emerged in recent years. Cooper's site Raw Story has been in business since 2004. They told BuzzFeed News their site's original reporting is quickly appropriated by the newer entrants. They call them “bottom-feeder” and “vampire” sites, and says they rarely credit them writers. A March article from the progressive website AlterNet leveled similar accusations of plagiarism and unethical behavior at operations such as Occupy Democrats and Addicting Info. The story was headlined “Vampire Webpages Suck Content From Legitimate Progressive News Sites.” “These Facebook pages and their affiliated websites pose as progressive champions, but their content is largely copied, if not plagiarized, from legitimate news and opinion outlets with real reporters and analysts, not rewrite teams,” AlterNet reported. Cooper said she's not a fan of the hyperpartisan sites' over-the-top headlines and aggregation style. “It's not that hard to duplicate what they do if all you care about is making money, but we're in the news business,” Cooper said.
Provided Sky Palma, owner of DeadState.
Let us always remember that San Diego once tried to build a floating stadium in San Diego Bay
In the early 1960s, the city of San Diego was in desperate need of a new stadium. The AFL's Chargers had threatened to move to Anaheim if an agreement couldn't be reached on a new home field -- Balboa Stadium had been open since 1915 and required extensive renovations just to reach a capacity of 34,000.
The Padres, meanwhile, were still the Triple-A affiliate of the Reds, but rumors of a promotion to the Major Leagues had begun to swirl ... provided, of course, that the team could secure a suitable ballpark.
Luckily, a local engineering firm had come up with a plan. The proposed project would seat over 50,000 fans and host football, baseball and even concerts, all for a shockingly reasonable price. It was, in the words of then-Chargers owner and hotel magnate Barron Hilton, "perfect for San Diego." Best of all: It would float in the middle of San Diego Bay.
First, some context. In January 1962, the Astros had made history by breaking ground on the Astrodome. The Eighth Wonder of the World was revolutionary: It was both the first domed stadium in the country and the first that could hold multiple sports, ushering in the era of multipurpose stadiums. Almost immediately, cities tried to follow Houston's lead, from the Coliseum in Oakland to Shea Stadium in Queens. San Diego, though, wanted to do one better: And what could be better than a ballpark in the bay?
The idea was simple (well, as simple as a floating stadium can be, at least). The structure would be composed of three sections: a central, landlocked grandstand flanked by two 20,000-seat wings that would float on pontoons and could be reconfigured depending on the event.
San Diego floating stadium proposed in 1964. Home plate section was stationary while 1st & 3rd sections on water. pic.twitter.com/5Hn16GmocF - Baseball Photos (@Baseball_Photos) February 26, 2014
"It's the first novel idea in stadium-building since the dome," Hilton boasted of their plan, and initially all signs were positive. A feasibility study commissioned in 1964 investigated several options and concluded that the bay was the best of the bunch, thanks to both its flexibility and its cost-effectiveness -- unlike other sites, the San Diego Bay was already owned by the city, so high property costs wouldn't be a factor. The teams, the press and the city were all on board.
Except, well, there was just one problem: As it turns out, building a stadium on water actually does cost a fair amount of money. An architectural firm was brought in to move forward with the idea, and it calculated the total price tag to be around $41 million -- more than double the initial estimate, mainly due to the cost of installing the necessary pontoons and foundation. No matter how badly San Diego wanted to make its wildest sci-fi dreams come true, the numbers were unavoidable: "It will be a conventional stadium," said legendary local sportswriter and floating stadium proponent Jack Murphy, "conventional in the sense [that] it won't float."
On April 28, 1965, the city council officially recommended a multipurpose stadium in Mission Valley, and voters approved a bond measure later that fall. Construction completed on Jack Murphy Stadium -- later Qualcomm Stadium -- in time for the Chargers' 1967 season. We may not have gotten our island stadium, but hey, who knows: There's always an aircraft carrier.
This is a guest post by Chris Pardo and the opinions expressed are those of the author and don't represent the views of Bitcoin Magazine or BTC Media.
Inflation is one of those read-the-small-print kind of taxes that people don't often think about even though it can have a major impact on their finances and, thereby, on their lives.
Rising long-term inflation is more insidious than you might think because it can steadily and most assuredly decrease the value of your earnings/savings – especially, if your taxes aren't indexed to compensate you for the cost of inflation. Inflation has always been the bane of many businesses and individuals alike.
One thing is clear: something needs to be done.
If cryptocurrency, perhaps Bitcoin, was globally accepted as the world's reserve currency, how well could it manage inflation and provide transparency compared to the U.S. dollar, arguably the world's primary reserve currency?
The world of fiat currency seems straightforward enough: Delegate monetary policy to those elected officials most capable of keeping a standardized and stable medium of exchange going.
In practice, however, things get complicated, and often the policies and the mechanisms to carry out the policies are convoluted and not as transparent as they could be.
For example, the Federal Reserve System (the Fed) attempts to manage inflation by using open market operations, the discount rate, and reserve requirements, but this monetary system has not been able to reduce long-term inflation.
Much of this instability in the money supply is due largely to the practice of fractional-reserve banking/lending by commercial banks and lenders and the Fed's imprecise, volatile way of increasing and decreasing the money supply by using bond transactions, discount rates and reserve requirements, which ultimately swings the economy and the money supply exponentially upwards or downwards.
With the current monetary system, regardless of how well the Fed tries to plan bond transactions, discount rates and reserve requirements to regulate the money supply, the practice of fractional-reserve banking/lending exponentially compounds the effects produced in response to even the slightest changes made to the money supply using the Fed's three primary monetary tools.
Currently the Fed's policy on fractional-reserves requires banks and lenders only to keep meager reserves ranging from 0 to 10 percent, which allows banks to create upwards of 90 percent of their money out of thin air.
Think back to the movie “Dumb and Dumber” with the suitcase once flush full of cash that Lloyd and Harry plan on returning to its owner – but they later ended up spending most of the money – leaving behind a pile of napkin IOUs instead.
Our current situation is similar to this, but worse; the banks/lenders create upwards of 90 percent of their money by printing digital bank IOUs without there being any cash, “special” Treasury Department/Federal Reserve IOUs, to back up all of the commercial banks'/lenders' funds to begin with.
Also, the fact that banks can charge interest on monies created through this process and often require people to pledge real, tangible assets as collateral for these bank IOUs is another issue altogether. But for the purposes of this discussion, the volatility created through managing money in this way seems to ultimately result in rising long-term inflation.
In addition, considering the dollar is the primary world-reserve currency, this status creates a unique situation that allows the United States to print excess reserves beyond its domestic needs to help supply the international demand. The excess reserves created in this process can, in turn, potentially distort the very indexes used by the Fed to help manage the money supply, thereby creating a fairly unstable system for managing inflation in the long run.
Perhaps it is time to transition to an alternative medium of exchange that is more transparent and effectively manages short- and long-term inflation.
Cryptocurrency may be a solution to regain the value of our savings/earnings on a global scale.
If Bitcoin were accepted as the world's reserve currency, this could potentially create an environment that could curb inflation and introduce a moderate amount of favorable deflation until all 21 million bitcoin are eventually minted.
In fact, a small amount of deflation can actually be a good thing – as suggested by the Friedman rule – and bitcoin would be deflationary until the fixed number of coins are finally minted over the course of time.
Because Bitcoin is gradually minted at decreasing fixed rates determined every four years, it creates a deflationary effect, despite there actually being an increase in the money supply during this time which most traditional economists would recognize as a condition of inflation.
But it is this fixed money supply that has the potential to move society forward as quickly as the original token system was that moved us out of the barter economy to something more efficient.
After all the bitcoins are created, the only way for the deflationary effect to continue is if bitcoins are lost or destroyed, but the amount of bitcoins removed in this way would likely be minimal.
Again, with our Bitcoin example, the Bitcoin cryptocurrency approaches the currency distribution and management problem by codifying the rules in a mandatory consensus manner; the rules cannot be changed unless the majority of people decide to voluntarily run the new version of the Bitcoin protocol.
Put simply, the people who secure the Bitcoin network, the “miners,” and use bitcoin to exchange goods and services, can each decide which version of the Bitcoin program they want to run. If people decide they don't agree with the latest changes made to the Bitcoin protocol, they can run the version of the protocol that has the features they agree with, and the world will continue to do business as usual.
In a sense, it's a form of direct democracy: Votes are cast through the sheer action of choosing which version of the Bitcoin program to run.
In Bitcoin and other open-source cryptocurrencies, zero will never equal one; the software code can be audited at any time, creating an unrivaled level of transparency on the mechanisms of monetary policy.
Cryptocurrencies that have a finite money supply have the potential to become a safe haven that staves off long-term inflation for good, offering a new alternative to how people actually do savings and business.
Order “Rise of the Dragon King” HERE
Read FBC's Review of “The Sword & the Dragon”
Hey guys, it is me again, M. R. Mathias to announce the 2014 Indie Kindy Giveaway!
This year we are featuring indie omnibuses, and giving away ONE Kindle Fire HDX 8.9” 16GB, ONE Kindle Fire HD 7” 8GB , and ONE Kindle 6” E Ink Display. All of them will be loaded with the indie book collections you see featured below. That is THREE KINDLES up for grabs in the name of Independence, and as always we are giving them away on Independence Day.
Derek is one of my favorite authors and Nameless is my second favorite dwarf of all time. The Nameless Dwarf is an epic tale of remorse and redemption that pits a whiskerless thief, a guilt-driven assassin, a consumptive wizard, and an amnesiac dwarf against the worst imaginings of a craven mind.
But the companions bring troubles of their own, not least of which is an ancient grimoire that leads them inexorably towards a forest of tar and an evil that threatens the existence of an entire race.
The last hope of the dwarves comes from the unlikeliest of sources: a mythical city beneath the waves, an axe from the age of heroes, and the Nameless Dwarf, in whose veins flow the blood of legends.
Derek's other collection, Against The Unweaving: Shader: First Trilogy is also available HERE .
The next omnibus is another trilogy. This one is The Dawning of Power Trilogy Omnibus Edition by Brian Rathbone .
Echoes of the ancients' power are distant memories, tattered and faded by the passage of eons, but that is about to change. A new dawn has arrived. Latent abilities, harbored in humankind's deepest fibers, wait to be unleashed. Ancient evils awaken, and old fears ignite the fires of war.
In times such as these, ordinary people have the power to save the world . . . or destroy it.
I am going to load two of my collections on the Indie Kindy prize kindles as well. The first is Confliction Compendium , which includes the Dragoneer Saga's first trilogy as well as The First Dragoneer novella.
The second Dragoneer trilogy is well under way, which includes last summer's The Emerald Rider , and the June 15th 2014 release of Dragoneer Saga Book Five – Rise of the Dragon King .
I'm not going to say much about the next trilogy, other than I wrote it in a prison cell in Texas with crappy ink pens on over three thousand pieces of college ruled notebook paper. The Complete Wardstone Trilogy is huge, and considering that when I wrote it, I didn't even know how to type, I think it came out pretty good.
M. R. Mathias
To recap, M.R. Mathias is giving away ONE Kindle Fire HDX 8.9” 16GB, ONE Kindle Fire HD 7” 8GB, and ONE Kindle 6” E Ink Display!!! Each Kindle will be loaded with the following titles:
Confliction Compendium by M. R. Mathias
The Complete Wardstone Trilogy by M. R. Mathias
To enter, please use ONE of the following methods:
Visit Fantasy Book Critic's Facebook page and follow the instructions listed there. Send an email to fbcgiveaway@gmail.com with your Name, Mailing Address (Street Addresses Only), and the subject: INDIE KINDY.
Giveaway has ENDED . Thank you for entering and Good Luck!
GIVEAWAY RULES :
1) Open To Anyone Worldwide
2) Only One Entry Per Household (Multiple Entries Will Be Disqualified)
3) Must Enter Valid Email Address, Mailing Address + Name
4) No Purchase Necessary
5) Giveaway Has ENDED
6) Winners Will Be Randomly Selected and Notified By Email
Shawn Long has already etched their name in the annals of Louisiana Ragin' Cajuns basketball history.
What you may not know is, Long has a chance to do something only ONE college basketball player has accomplished in the modern era (since 1973.)
Long, after their 12-point, 12-rebound performance Saturday against Little Rock, now has scored 2,135 points and hauled in 1,333 rebounds in their Cajuns' career.
Last week, the folks at collegehoopedia.com , let us know Long has a good chance to join a pretty exclusive club: 2,250 points and 1,400 rebounds.
According to their research, only one player in the modern era has done it: Lionel Simmons of LaSalle, and they did it 25 years ago.
There are four others who accomplished it as well. Three of them (Dickie Hemric, Tom Gola and Elgin Baylor) played back in the '50's. And, the great Elvin Hayes, who played for Houston, did it in the '60's. (And, it should be noted Baylor and Hayes accomplished the feat in just three seasons.)
Long has six regular season games remaining and at least one in the Sun Belt Conference Tournament in New Orleans. That means, to get to the milestones, he'll need to average 16.8 points and 9.5 rebounds during that time to reach those two marks. Of course, if the Cajuns advance in the conference tournament, then they need to average a bit less.
Cajun fans have just two more opportunities (March 3 vs. Georgia State and March 5 vs. Georgia Southern) to see Long in action at the Cajundome as they close in on one of the greatest accomplishments by a Ragin' Cajun in any sport.
DIGG THIS
Sometimes the bad news is the good news. So it is with the report that retail sales are down by 0.1 percent in July, the sharpest drop in many months.
Why good news? It means that consumers are starting to cut back. They could be going into less debt. They might be saving more. They are being more careful about long-term plans pending short-term trends.
These are all preconditions for recovery. It's only bad news if one adopts the crude theory that economies are sustained by consumer spending. The truth is nearly the opposite. Consumer spending is the final payoff for the less visible foundation of growth, which is real saving and investment — that is, making the choice for the future over the present. What declines in retail spending indicate is a coming to terms with reality.
I'll state again what everyone familiar with the Mises-Hayek business cycle knows: the downturn is a response to an artificially inflated economic structure. Loose credit, courtesy of the Federal Reserve, has been sucked into certain sectors and industries in a way that cannot be sustained. The response of sell-offs and business failures represents an injection of reality into an unreal bubble.
Far from being something to regret, the economic downturn should cause us to breathe a sigh of relief. And by the way, this is not new knowledge. F.A. Hayek spelled all this out in their amazing writings between the wars, now recently collected and available for the first time in decades in a new book published by the Mises Institute: Prices and Production and Other Works.
These essays explain not only the Depression but also our current plight, which stems from the same root in a Fed-driven banking system that turns credit on and off like a monkey playing with a fire hydrant. It does damage by sending false signals to investors. But the free market will not be fooled in the long run. And what we are seeing now is the market process.
Nonetheless, the stock markets took the retail news as a bad sign that the stimulus package — you might have received a check in the mail — didn't work. Sure enough, the media are crowing that the rebate was a bust. Surely, the economy would have bounced back by now if Bush had been right!
This kind of commentary amounts to nothing but political one-upmanship. That so-called stimulus is nothing compared with the vast reach of global capital markets. This isn't the 20th century when small decisions made in Washington have huge effects. For anyone to believe that the pathetic stimulus can actually swing macroeconomic trends is like believing that leaning this way or that on the Titanic would cause it to sink or float.
In any case, listen, folks: there are no controlled experiments in economics and social science generally. We have no idea based on the evidence alone whether the stimulus worked or didn't work. How much lower might the economy have sunk without it? Or what if the economy had bounced back due to some cause completely unrelated to the tax rebate?
It is not as simple as it is in the natural sciences. You can't isolate a control and then change one element to a duplicate and compare the results. The issue is that human beings have volition. They are not atoms, rocks, or planets. Given that there are so many of them moving and choosing at once, there is zero chance that you can empirically isolate the factors that go into events in a way that teases out the cause of anything.
Brush away all the econometric modeling and you end up with the real basis for why people conclude this or that policy “worked” or “didn't work.” It comes down to politics. This is one reason we should resist any government program no matter how much we think it will or won't work. In the end, we can't really know the relationship of cause and effect.
So how can we know what is true and what is not in the social sciences? You have to use your noggin. There is a long tradition of economics that argues that the way to economic truth comes via deductive logic that is then applied to the real world.
This is precisely the path that Hayek took in their writings. And this is why their model continues to apply to the world around us. They aren't arguing that loose credit caused only one cycle in one country. They were arguing that whenever and wherever credit is expanded beyond market dictates by a central bank, the result will be economic distortion. In the end, reading their book will profit you more than reading all the ridiculous business-page speculations about the political cause of trends.
Once you understand this, you too will see that what appears to be bad news is often good news. The opposite is also true. So-called good news can foreshadow worsening times. The only way to really discern the difference is to study, think, and pay very little attention to the numbskulls who give running commentary on the government statistics of the day.
Lew Rockwell Archives
The Best of Llewellyn H. Rockwell, Jr.
Originally Posted by M00ka (Source) Originally Posted by
.
I have seen this complaint raised various times here in the forums and it always, well, makes me scratch my head a bit. So lets break things down:
.
Stations and Station Interiors: yes there are what, four types of stations and platforms in the game right? I could actually understand why the different types look the same. In line with the Lore which describes how there are only a few companies making ships, I would envisage that there are only a couple of companies making stations etc. So of course they will look the same, they are all designed that way. We are not told how old the stations are, for all we know they could be centuries old and all came about due to a galactic wide building spree when the human expansion happened.
.
Now the one that always makes me laugh: the complaint that stars, planets, rings, moons and asteroid fields all look the same. Umm how should they look, square, green with red polka dots? Basic physics clearly shows that any sun or planet will be round, go figure! As for moons, well the majority would also be round, just like our moon. Yes there are exceptions line the moon of Jupiter but there are scientific thought that they were originally large asteroids that were captured in the gravity well. So about the only thing that can change in appearance of galactic bodies is colour and I have seen enough variants to show FD at least tried. Hey they got the nightside planetary lights lining up with the land masses, that has to be a start.
.
Of course the big test for FD will be if they introduce planetary landings, then people might have reason to whinge if landscapes, buildings etc start to look similar.
Get the biggest celebs stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The BBC producer ­allegedly punched by Jeremy Clarkson has claimed the “drunk” Top Gear presenter's actions have ruined their life.
Shattered Oisin Tymon has been in hiding after becoming the target of death threats since the “fracas”.
But sources close to their legal team at Slater and Gordon say they fear the scandal could finish their BBC career.
Our insider revealed: “He is ­terrified that they might lose the job they love and has been doing for the past six years.
"All they want to do is to get back to work. Oisin loves the show.
“He loves working on Top Gear and has never had an issue before this incident – which came out of the blue and was caused by a drunk man.
“He is just terrified that they are going to lose their job and career that they have worked really hard for because of Jeremy Clarkson's temper.”
While the mild-mannered producer fears for their job, Clarkson, 54, looks set to quit the BBC before they are fired.
(Image: BBC)
TV sources suggested they could get a big-money deal in America.
Clarkson allegedly launched into a booze-fuelled 40-minute rant when they turned up at the team's hotel in Hawes, North Yorks, and found no hot food prepared.
The outspoken presenter, who was due to film scenes nearby, is said to have called Oisin a “lazy Irish c***” before punching them and ­splitting theirs lip.
Oisin, 36, was treated at A&E, but is understood to have “no interest” in filing assault claims against their boss or speaking to the press.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
A source said: “He is a guy who is not interested in the limelight.
“He is mortified by the whole thing and the thing they are most concerned about is losing their job, which is really ­important to him.”
Oisin, of West London, is said to be a popular and professional member of the Top Gear team and ­masterminded the recent show in Saint Petersburg, Russia.
They have hired top employment lawyer Paul Daniels to put their case to an independent inquiry, which BBC Scotland head Ken MacQuarrie.
Our source added: “Oisin is just waiting to see how the BBC responds and how the investigation plays out.”
Mr Daniels said their client would make no statement at this stage.
Clarkson, who denies using ­xenophobic language, is being ­represented by top law firm Olswang, which refused to comment.
The presenter's fate will be decided by director of television Danny Cohen and director general Lord Hall after the inquiry reports back.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Speaking in response to Oisin's fears for their career, a BBC source said: “We would hope they will continue to be employed by the BBC after this matter is resolved – we make many different shows which need producers.”
BBC chiefs have indicated Top Gear will continue with or without Clarkson and their co-stars James May and Richard Hammond.
Their contracts run out in May and insiders claim May and Hammond are likely to leave if Clarkson goes.
But BBC management sources insisted: “Big shows have lost stars seen as being integral before – like Strictly, The One Show, Breakfast and Have I Got News For You. They have continued and thrived.”
WASHINGTON — Donald Trump wants to cancel a government order for a new Air Force One.
The president-elect said in a tweet early Tuesday that the new Boeing 747 jet that's being built to carry “future presidents” already costs more than $4 billion, and that they want to cancel the order.
Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents, but costs are out of control, more than $4 billion. Cancel order! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 6, 2016
Asked by reporters Tuesday morning about the tweet, they responded, “We want Boeing to make a lot of money but not that much money.”
The new Air Force One would be a 747-8 instead of the 747-200 that is now in use by President Barack Obama.
It has a longer range, can travel faster with a heavier maximum takeoff weight and it gets better fuel economy.
Boeing, which is the nation's largest exporter, has built the plane used by every president since Franklin Roosevelt.
“We are currently under contract for $170 million to help determine the capabilities of these complex military aircraft that serve the unique requirements of the President of the United States,” Boeing said in a statement.
“We look forward to working with the U.S. Air Force on subsequent phases of the program allowing us to deliver the best planes for the President at the best value for the American taxpayer.”
4 PHOTOS We <3 Tabasco Sauce See Gallery 10 things you may not know about Tabasco People have been using hot and spicy seasonings in their food for more than 6,000 years according to archaeologists. (via Fill Your Plate) Photo Credit: OMAR TORRES via Getty Images People who love fiery food have been dubbed pyro-gourmaniacs. (via Fill Your Plate) Photo Credit: Getty Images One of the most common reactions to imbibing hot, fiery food is to sweat which is referred to as gustatory perspiration. (via Fill Your Plate) Photo Credit: Getty Images The heat produced by spices or foods is measured in Scoville Heat Units (SHU), which were originally created by Wilbur Scoville who pioneered the process for measuring the heat produced by a food or spice. Today this test is conducted using a liquid chromatographer. (via Fill Your Plate) Photo Credit: Getty Images Up Next See Gallery Discover More Like This HIDE CAPTION SHOW CAPTION of SEE ALL BACK TO SLIDE
Tabasco is, for many, as staple a condiment as ketchup or mayonnaise. Thanks to its many fans, the spicy add-on has been a popular one for over 100 years.Here are 10 interesting facts about the iconic sauce. Number 10 . It has a long shelf life. Up to 5 years, in fact, provided it hasn't been opened. For the best long-term results, it's advised that it be stored in a cool place. Also suggested is keeping an eye on light and temperature levels as both can cause the color to change. Number 9 . There's a special message on the bottom of the bottle. Those little printed numbers let people know which glass mold was used in the making of their Tabasco vessel. Number 8 . Simplicity is key. Tabasco is made from only 3 ingredients: salt from Avery Island, aged red peppers, and vinegar. The recipe has remained essentially the same since it was created. That happened all the way back in 1868. Number 7 . A Tabasco bottle from the 19th century still exists today. Number 6 . It's aged like a fine wine. The pepper mash used to make Tabasco spends up to three years maturing in white oak barrels. Before it can go on to become a delicious condiment it's inspected by a member of the McIlhenny family. Number 5 . It's good to the last drop. If you're keeping count, it will be be about the 720th one, as that's roughly how many each 2 ounce bottle of Original Red contains. Number 4 . It's popular in space. After astronauts have been out there for a while their sense of smell starts to fade. As a result, their enjoyment of many foods diminishes, but spicy ones are among the exceptions. To make sure that the crew is kept full and happy, missions are often stocked with Tabasco. Number 3 . The hot sauce meets some pretty steep dietary demands. People looking for gluten free and Kosher foods typically find themselves with limited, often uninspiring options. It's Tabasco to the rescue, as all 7 varieties are without gluten and approved for Kosher cooking. Number 2 . Guam uses the most of it. Of the 165 countries and territories where Tabasco is available, the greatest per capita consumption is on the small, western Pacific island. People there enjoy a yearly average of 4 ounces per person. Number 1 . It's not just for savory foods. Tabasco gives sweets a little extra oomph as well. Dessert dishes that can benefit greatly from a splash or two include brownies, chocolate cakes, and, believe it or not, lemon ice cream.
TIKAMGARH, India (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Authorities in this drought-parched city in central India have deployed round-the-clock armed guards at a river-fed community reservoir to prevent farmers from siphoning the remaining water for irrigation.
Residents push a bicycle loaded with water containers through a field in Latur, India, April 17, 2016. REUTERS/Danish Siddiqui
With rainfall in Tikamgarh district this year 52 percent below average – the second dry year for the area – water is now available to city residents only sporadically, with fears even that may run out during the peak heat months of May and June, authorities say.
Forty-seven-year-old Suryakant Tiwari, one city resident, said their family and many others now have drinking and household water supplied only once every five days.
“I have not seen such a condition in my lifetime. Almost every water source in the area has dried up. We don't know how we will survive,” Tiwari they said.
Farmers have been prohibited from drawing water from reservoirs to irrigate their crops. But Tikamgarh Municipal Corporation officials fear farmers from adjoining Uttar Pradesh state - whose farms border the Bari Ghat dam, fed by the Jumuniya River - are poaching water to try to keep their crops alive.
“If crops continue to be irrigated using the river water, it is not going to last long and there will be severe crisis during the summer season,” warned Laxmi Giri, the Tikamgahr municipal corporation president. “Our priority is to supply drinking water to the people.”
The Jamuniya River is the only source of drinking water for over 100,000 people in Tikamgarh, they said.
But “farmers of the neighboring state try to open the gates of the dam and draw water illegally using pipelines. We're therefore compelled to deploy guards,” Giri said.
‘NEVER BEEN SO BAD'
Tikamgarh is hardly alone. The drought-ravaged Bundelkhand, a region in central India spread over the states of Madhya Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh, is suffering some of the worst drought in memory.
Crops in the area have been badly hit, cattle are dying of thirst and lack of grazing, and there are growing fears that even drinking water could run dry before the monsoon is expected to begin in June.
“All the ponds, reservoirs and water bodies which earlier supplied water in areas of Tikamgarh have dried up. With no water available for irrigation, farmers have abandoned their crops and are migrating to nearby urban areas in search of livelihood and for sustenance. Life is really hard for them,” said Rajendra Adhvrayu, a local journalist who writes on water issues in the region.
“The situation has never been so bad,” they added. “This is for the first time that the tussle over water has degenerated into a battle of sorts. We fear the situation will be grave during the coming months.”
The Jamuniya River separates Madhya Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh states along some of its length. A 1974 water sharing pact gives Madhya Pradesh 17 percent of the water stored in the Jamuniya Dam in Uttar Pradesh.
Madhya Pradesh stores its share in five dams, including the Bari Ghat. But this year, water is available only in Bari Ghat dam. Water in the four other dams – Harpura, Charpuva, Madiya and Sudan – has run out.
Giri said authorities in Tikamgarh had shut off the electrical supply to farmers in neighboring Uttar Pradesh to try to prevent pumping of water from the dam for irrigation.
Farmers have instead turned to using diesel pumps to pull water from the reservoir, they said. “The administration has failed to convince them not to draw water illegally from the dam,” they said.
Meanwhile, the Indian Met Department's prediction that the entire country could be abnormally hot in May and June, with longer and more severe heat waves, has unnerved many people in the Bundelkhand.
India's weather office has predicted that monsoon rains are likely to be above average this year, a potential source of relief. But the rains, normally due the second week of June, have been regularly delayed in recent years.
Jayant Verma, a resident of Tikamgarh, said moving elsewhere to find water, even temporarily, is not an option for many families.
“My children attend the school here. I have a job here. I can't go to any other place along with my family. I don't know what we shall do. The government has failed to provide any relief so far,” they said.
The search for water has become so intense that in many places – including Madhya Pradesh's Dindori district – children are descending into deep, almost-dry wells to try to fetch what little water is available, residents said.
In some areas of the Bundelkhand, farmers have been unable to sow any crops this year, they said, and animals are at risk.
“Animals are dying without water. We can't do anything,” said Kanta Prasad, a resident of the Jatara sub-district of Tikamgarh. “If we give water to animals, there'll be none left for us. We're feeling so helpless. Every drop of water counts.”
Cracked soil at seen in this illustration photo, April 17, 2016. REUTERS/Danish Siddiqui/Files
The Chief Minister of Madhya Pradesh Shivraj Singh Chouhan has promised that drinking water will be made available to those who need it. They said the government has prepared a contingency plan to address the worsening drought, and announced a high-level review of the situation in the region.
Residents, meanwhile, can do little but wait for rain, and worry.
“What will happen if the monsoon is delayed?” asked Adhvrayu. “Or it plays truant, as in previous years?”
I beg to move,
That this House
has considered the conflict in Yemen.
I am very pleased to have secured this important debate. I am grateful to the Backbench Business Committee for allowing it to take place here today.
We meet against a background of continuing conflict and death, with further reports of Saudi-backed strikes on populated areas, most recently a cement factory in the city of Amran. That resulted in reports of further deaths, including of people inside cars parked nearby, of shopkeepers and of residents going about their daily business. This is a very pressing issue. The humanitarian situation in Yemen is dreadful and it is getting worse. Recent estimates by the United Nations suggest that over 8,000 people have been killed in Yemen since March last year. At least 1,500 children are reported to have died. Much of the civilian infrastructure has been destroyed by air strikes and armed fighting on the ground, effectively cutting families off from essential services, including clean water, sanitation and medical treatment.
My hon. Friend Dr Whitford has already raised in this House the incident in which a Médecins sans Frontières hospital in Saada was hit by missiles. That was the third MSF facility to come under attack in recent months. People are dying there from what should be preventable diseases because there are not hospitals, medical supplies or infrastructure to prevent it. With hospitals reduced to rubble, thousands of children are at risk of malnutrition. In fact, Save the Children has reported a 150% increases in cases of severe acute malnutrition among children. Some of their facilities, which should be safe havens, have been destroyed.
It is no surprise, therefore, to see Médecins sans Frontières and others declare that the conflict in Yemen is being played out with total disregard for the rules of war. The UK Government have been aware of mounting evidence of civilian deaths and of the destruction of civilian infrastructure. Among other growing voices, Amnesty International has raised concerns about air strikes targeting heavily populated civilian areas with no military targets nearby. That would clearly constitute a violation of international humanitarian law.
The numbers of civilians dying as a direct consequence of the conflict are stark. According to the UN, 73% of child deaths and injuries during the second quarter of 2015 were attributable to air strikes by the Saudi-led coalition. Some 60% of all civilian deaths and injuries have been attributed to air-launched explosive devices. Increasing numbers of children are being pressed into military service, used as pawns by both sides in the conflict, and placed in increasingly dangerous and vulnerable situations. More than 3 million children are now out of school. Education has fallen by the wayside, setting the children of Yemen up perfectly to be another lost generation, with significant long-term consequences for the country and the region.
More than 21.2 million people in Yemen, including 10 million children, are now in need of humanitarian aid. This staggering figure gives Yemen the dubious distinction of being the country with the highest number of people in humanitarian need in the world. Yemen relies almost entirely on imports for its food, so the de facto blockade imposed by the Saudi-led coalition at the start of its military intervention in March 2015 has had an extremely damaging impact. There is a very high level of food insecurity. According to the UN, 14.4 million Yemeni people are in this situation. In basic terms, that means one in every two people is not getting enough to eat.
One of the most distressing features of the conflicts that have plagued the middle east for too long is the re-emergence of the barbaric practice of siege as a weapon of war. When I raised the issue in the context of Syria, I was pleased to receive confirmation of the UK Government's position that the imposition of starvation and deliberate destruction of the means of daily life for civilians may be a matter for the International Criminal Court. The practice must be stopped. It is vital that support be given to ensure that supplies and humanitarian aid can enter the country and be safely distributed to the population, including in the southern city of Taiz, where humanitarian access has been extremely constrained. Parties to the conflict must be pressed to allow this access. Unless we address those issues, we should not be surprised to see continued outflows of refugees from countries bombed back into the dark ages. Such an outcome is exactly what Daesh is working towards. Those who claim the status of legitimate Government cannot continue to act like medieval warlords and expect to receive the backing of the international community.
It is important to acknowledge the brave and tireless work of many non-governmental organisations working in the area, despite the huge dangers they face in this volatile situation. The conduct of the war means that NGOs are having to put their workers in peril. This raises significant questions about how much longer they will be prepared to do so, and about the consequences for Yemeni civilians if they decide they cannot continue. The Government must now listen to these organisations and consider the evidence. They must acknowledge what is happening and the scale of the issue. It is vital that they put pressure on all parties to allow humanitarian agencies a safe space to operate.
I acknowledge the important and welcome role of the Department for International Development in supporting the Yemeni population. Its response has been flexible and responsive and would appear to provide a constructive way forward, were it not for the astonishing mismatch between its welcome work and the Government's military dealings with Saudi Arabia, which severely impact on life in Yemen and the country's future prospects.
World attention on difficulties in the middle east is focused on the conflicts in Syria and Iraq, and sadly the catastrophic situation in Yemen is often overlooked. Yemen's status as only a minor oil producer—it is not even a member of OPEC—perhaps makes the country less likely to feature on the western news radar. The International
Red Cross described Yemen as one of the world's forgotten conflict zones. While the world looks elsewhere, economic and political power plays in the middle east cause ever more chaos and destruction to the country. The UK cannot continue to look the other way or sit on the fence. If it does, it must accept that its foreign policy is morally bankrupt and that its lack of action is both knowing and deliberate.
Yemen is facing one of the worst humanitarian crises in the world. Meanwhile, the daily intensive use of explosive weapons, often in populated areas, continues to rain down death on the civilian population. Many of these civilians have been killed by air strikes conducted by the Saudi Arabian air force, using British-built planes flown by pilots trained by British instructors, including at RAF Lossiemouth in Scotland, dropping British-made bombs—they are probably made in Scotland—and with operations co-ordinated by Saudi Arabia in the presence of British military advisers.
Figures from the Department for Business, Innovation and Skills show that in the third quarter of last year, the UK granted more than £1 billion of arms export licences for Saudi Arabia, despite overwhelming evidence of human rights violations committed by the Saudi-led coalition in its aerial bombing campaign.
Ubuntu Accomplishments: Translations Needed For 0.2
IMPORTANT: Before I get started, if you are running the daily PPA of Ubuntu Accomplishments, please use the releases PPA instead right now as the validation server is using the 0.1 accomplishments collection as opposed to the faily 0.2 accomplishments. If you are using the daily PPA you accomplishments will not get verified.
Now…normal service resuming…
As we build up to the 0.2 release of Ubuntu Accomplishments we have hit feature freeze and are now focusing on bug-fixing. We have also locked down the strings in the viewer and daemon, and this means that we want to reach out to our awesome community of translators to help get this baby translated into every possible language.
How to help
First, head over and translate the daemon and the viewer:
Helping with this effort is simple. First, please go and help translate the daemon and viewer:
Thanks for your contributions; a few minutes contributing translators can make the Ubuntu Accomplishments experience nicer for thousands of users!
Providing Localized Documentation
When you have translated the daemon and viewer, we really need help translating the Ubuntu Community Accomplishments collection too.
Importantly, this is not just about word-for-word translation from English to another language, but instead providing awesome documentation designed for people who speak your native language.
As an example, every accomplishment has a Summary section which provides an introduction to the accomplishment, what is involved, and what the jargon means. Feel free to write the most detailed explanation you like in your language, even if the original English version is quite short. The English translation is provided as an example: feel free to improve on the summary in your own language.
Another good example are the Links and Help resources: the original English ones will be English resources – feel free to provide resources and links that are native to your language.
I want to encourage you all to help make the documentation for your language the best possible documentation for new users (e.g. “e.g. our French documentation is the most complete of any of the languages!“). 🙂
How to help
Here is how you do this as it is a little different:
Contributing is really simple. Just follow these steps:
First, go to https://translations.launchpad.net/ubuntu-community-accomplishments/trunk.
When you go there you might see some languages listed below like this:
If you don't or would like to select another language, click the Change your preferred languages link and select the languages you want to translate in to. Those languages will now appear like the ones above. The colored bar shows what proportion of the accomplishments are translated (green) and what are not (red).
Now click one of the languages (e.g. if I click on English (United Kingdom)) and you will see the list of things you can translate. Here is an example of one:
The translation of Ubuntu Accomplishments works a little differently. You should IGNORE the English line at the top (e.g. where it says member-loco-team_description) and instead look at the documentation just below. There it tells you which accomplishment you are editing and what the original English translation is. In the above image you can see we are writing German documentation, the accomplishment is ‘LoCo Team Member' and this specific field in the accomplishment documentation is ‘steps'. More the different fields below.
You can now type your own language's documentation into the New translation box. For the larger chunks of text you can use the grey button at the end of the New translation box to make the text entry bigger.
If there is already a translation there and you want to edit and improve it, click the Current <language> translation button and the text will be copied to the edit box where you can edit it.
Now click the Save button at the bottom of the page to save your contributions. Sometimes you have to scroll to the right to see the Save button due to some of the long chunks of the text on the page.
Thanks for making Ubuntu easier and more fun to participate in for our community!
Get the latest from TODAY Sign up for our newsletter
April 21, 2015, 2:34 PM GMT / Updated April 21, 2015, 2:00 PM GMT / Source: TODAY By Eun Kyung Kim
Yvon Chouinard has never been a typical business person. A mountain climber, surfer, fisherman and environmentalist, the founder of Patagonia is also known for telling customers not to buy their products.
"I've always felt guilty about making consumer things. So I have a sense that it's my responsibility to help people wear them as long as possible," said Chouinard, whose company once took out a full-page ad in The New York Times that said: "Don't Buy This Jacket."
“You hear ‘reuse, recycle,' stuff like that. You also have to consider refuse. Refuse to buy something. If you don't need it, don't buy it,” they told TODAY.
Now Chouinard is taking another step toward helping their consumers become more environmentally sound. Earlier this month, Patagonia launched the Worn Wear Wagon, a mobile garment repair shop traveling the country and mending clothing from the brand, which already provides a lifetime guarantee.
"I don't want people to give up on their clothes just because it has a little wear on it," said Cathy Averett, one of Patagonia's repair techs. "We'll fix it. Just fix your stuff. Just make it work."
Chouinard is a disciple of their own message, pointing out the shirt they are wearing is 10 years old.
Yvon Chouinard, the founder of Patagonia outdoor clothing and gear. TODAY
"I hardly own any new Patagonia stuff. I just don't have a need for it," they said.
But durability, quality and sustainability comes with a price tag.
“Organic cotton costs more than non-organic cotton. We're doing everything we can to be as responsible as possible," they said.
Over the next year, Patagonia plans to sell used gear in stores, right along side the new stuff — making it and Chouinard's principles, accessible to more people
“If I was to give anybody advice, I always say simplify your life,” they said. “It's a lot more satisfying.”
Follow TODAY.com writer Eun Kyung Kim on Twitter.
Skrekkur is an extremely popular annual talent contest in Reykjavik for students aged 14 and 15. This year's grand finale took place last night with eight schools contending for the first prize, which went to Hagaskóli in West Reykjavik.
All schools presented excellent pieces, tinged with the social and political issues of today including themes like global warming, waste, drug abuse, rape culture and feminism.
Hagaskóli presented a stunning piece which combined feminist poetry and dance and embodied the recent feminist revolutions in Iceland which included #freethenipple and #þöggun which aims to unsilence the victims of sexual abuse.
The piece was written, choreographed and styled entirely by the girls themselves.
The award for the winning entry was presented by Mayor Dagur B.Eggertsson.
Here are a few lines from the piece written by the girls translated into English by Iceland Monitor:
I was ten years old when I was first called "whore"
I didn't understand why, now I understand
I was in the way, I was bossy,
I crossed the line, I tried to break out from my box,
But I was small, I was a girl.
Dear girls,
Be careful,
Don't take up the space reserved for boys
If you have a penis you'll get an extra square metre
Don't make demands for yourselves to be intelligent, you deserve less.
Dress as I want you to
Keep to your corner
Put on more make up, put on less make up
Put yourself down.
-----
Calm down, stop making so much noise
Aren't you just on your period or something?
Careful! You'll scare the boys away,
You're talking too much.
Stop it, you know better,
"You're not always right"
Be polite, don't be awkward
Don't get me into an uncomfortable situation,
If one were to simply watch the local news (or even the national news), it would be easy to assume that the majority of Americans are terrified — or at the very least, concerned — about the election of Donald Trump.
We're seeing anti-Trump protests breaking out in a handful of cities. #KellyFile pic.twitter.com/4lqev2317q — Fox News (@FoxNews) November 10, 2016
And while there certainly are a number of people protesting the results of the election — and even greater numbers voicing frustrations from behind keyboards — a recent Forbes.com report tells a different story.
A Gallup poll taken after Tuesday's election suggested that the picture most Americans are seeing might be a bit skewed.
While the majority of voters — 75% — expressed surprise over the outcome of the election, a greater majority — 84% — stated that they accepted Donald Trump's election as “legitimate.”
While this seems to refute the narrative that shows large groups of hundreds and even thousands of protesters around the country, it's important to note that Gallup only polled voters.
Several sources have noted that in some cases, many of the protesters have been non-voters and thus would not have been included in Gallup's assessment of the post-election sentiment.
Read story transcript
>> Recipe: Salateh Malfoof (Cabbage/Pomegranate)
Dalal Al Zoubi, Manahel Al Shareef and Rawa'a Aloliwi have all lived through hell. The three women are from Syria, and they fled their country when the war began to destroy their lives.
"Everything in Syria was no good. Everything was fire and bombs," says Dalal. The teacher and their husband fled with their four children to Jordan, where they could barely eke out an existence.
The building was hit and they were buried under the rubble for hours. - Manahel Al Shareef on their husband Faisal who was trapped
So when Canadian Immigration called to ask them to come to Canada, "We said okay!" they laugh.
Manahel and their husband Faisal also spent time in Jordan before arriving in Canada. They fled their home city of Daraa after Faisal was hurt.
"My husband went to check on their mother, and there was an air strike. They hid behind a house to wait it out. The building was hit, and they were buried under the rubble for hours," Manahel says.
It took six men to free him. But with serious injuries, the family eventually fled to Jordan to seek medical treatment. From there they were offered refugee status in Canada.
From left to right: Rawa'a Aloliwi and Manahel Al Shareef making tabouleh in the Karam Kitchen, Hamilton, Ont. (Lara O'Brien/CBC)
Last winter, the women ended up being housed in a Toronto hotel, along with Rawa'a, another Syrian woman who had escaped the war with their family.
I would like Karam Kitchen to be to the women what they want it to be. - Brittani Farrington
Brittani Farrington. Originally from the U.S., Brittani was helping refugees new to the city. Them church wanted to throw the newcomers a welcome dinner. Dalal Al Zoubi finishes a batch of hummus. (Lara O'Brien/CBC) All three families decided to settle in Hamilton, Ont., and that's where they met. Originally from the U.S., Brittani was helping refugees new to the city. Them church wanted to throw the newcomers a welcome dinner.
"When I asked Dalal, they said 'yes ... but we want to cook!', says Brittani.
From that first dinner,Karam Kitchenwas born. It's a catering company that serves traditional Syrian dishes. The business has taken off, and they are hoping to grow and hire more Syrian women.
Brittani recognizes that these women have left everything behind.
"I would like Karam Kitchen to be to the women what they want it to be. Either their long-term career or a launching off point."
Right now all the women are just happy to be working.
"For me it is good. I feel happy I work in Canada, " Dalal says, smiling.
Listen to the full segment at the top of this web post.
​This documentary was produced by The Current's Lara O'Brien and documentary editor Josh Bloch. Special thanks to Pacinthe Mattar for translation and voice work.
Here's a recipe from the Karam Kitchen:
►Enlarge image
Provided to The Current by Karam Kitchen (The Current)
Recipe for Salateh Malfoof
1 green cabbage, sliced thin
2 bunches mint, chopped
1⁄2 bunch parsley, chopped
Juice of 1 lemon
1 pomegranate
4 cloves garlic, minced
1 tsp sumac
1⁄2 cup extra virgin olive oil
1 tbsp sea salt
Slice green cabbage thin. Add to a salad bowl. Chop mint finely and mix in.
De-seed a pomegranate. Add half of the seeds to the salad bowl and reserve half for garnish.
Create a dressing with olive oil. Mince garlic and combine. Cut lemons and add juice. Sprinkle sumac.
Top salad with your dressing and add remaining pomegranate seeds for garnish. Salt the salad to taste.
A leading senator has hit out at the “bloody thin” salaries TDs are paid, claiming politicians who have lost their seats will be forced to survive on “very little” parachute supports after they leave office.
David Norris made the claim as new TDs arrived in Leinster House, saying those they are replacing have “passed out into the desert with a family and no income”.
Despite the fact TDs receive a basic salary of €87,258 a year, plus expenses, the Trinity College senator claimed the money is no reward for a life in politics.
And while the remark will offend thousands of people struggling on the dole and in minimum wage jobs, they said those in low-paid positions “are usually in a secure job” compared to the “highly insecure” TD positions.
“I have to say nothing can reward someone for being in politics, and whatever financial cushion you get, which these days are pretty bloody thin, they've earned it.
“Every single person who's lost their seat, I think they get six months at half pay or something like that. It's very, very little when after five years you're passed out into the desert with a family to look after and no income except that.
“So it's a tough, cruel game, and for the small number of people involved proper compensation should be made available, whatever you think of them,” they said.
Asked how people who are struggling on a minimum wage of annual wage of €17,992 — less than 20% of a TD's basic salary — will take their opinion, Mr Norris said while they are not dismissing their concerns, people in low paid positions have more “secure” jobs.
“Yes, that is true [that people on the minimum wage are also struggling], but on the other hand people on a minimum wage are usually in a secure job.
“This [politics] is a highly insecure job and a job in which there are considerable restrictions — restrictions on the way you vote, on what you can say.
“Then to be kicked out after that, after a number of years service, that is tough. But I don't underestimate the strain on people on fixed incomes,” they said.
While TDs' salaries were cut during the last Dáil and the expenses regime overhauled to ensure only vouched costs can now be claimed, some politicians have repeatedly provoked public anger by alleging the payments do not reflect the level of work involved.
For more election news, analysis and general banter join us HERE
Paste your text below!
How the Word Cloud Generator Works The layout algorithm for positioning words without overlap is available on GitHub under an open source license as d3-cloud. Note that this is only the layout algorithm and any code for converting text into words and rendering the final output requires additional development. As word placement can be quite slow for more than a few hundred words, the layout algorithm can be run asynchronously, with a configurable time step size. This makes it possible to animate words as they are placed without stuttering. It is recommended to always use a time step even without animations as it prevents the browser's event loop from blocking while placing the words. The layout algorithm itself is incredibly simple. For each word, starting with the most “important”: Attempt to place the word at some starting point: usually near the middle, or somewhere on a central horizontal line. If the word intersects with any previously placed words, move it one step along an increasing spiral. Repeat until no intersections are found. The hard part is making it perform efficiently! According to Jonathan Feinberg, Wordle uses a combination of hierarchical bounding boxes and quadtrees to achieve reasonable speeds. Glyphs in JavaScript There isn't a way to retrieve precise glyph shapes via the DOM, except perhaps for SVG fonts. Instead, we draw each word to a hidden canvas element, and retrieve the pixel data. Retrieving the pixel data separately for each word is expensive, so we draw as many words as possible and then retrieve their pixels in a batch operation. Sprites and Masks My initial implementation performed collision detection using sprite masks. Once a word is placed, it doesn't move, so we can copy it to the appropriate position in a larger sprite representing the whole placement area. The advantage of this is that collision detection only involves comparing a candidate sprite with the relevant area of this larger sprite, rather than comparing with each previous word separately. Somewhat surprisingly, a simple low-level hack made a tremendous difference: when constructing the sprite I compressed blocks of 32 1-bit pixels into 32-bit integers, thus reducing the number of checks (and memory) by 32 times. In fact, this turned out to beat my hierarchical bounding box with quadtree implementation on everything I tried it on (even very large areas and font sizes). I think this is primarily because the sprite version only needs to perform a single collision test per candidate area, whereas the bounding box version has to compare with every other previously placed word that overlaps slightly with the candidate area. Another possibility would be to merge a word's tree with a single large tree once it is placed. I think this operation would be fairly expensive though compared with the analagous sprite mask operation, which is essentially ORing a whole block. Go!
Hardware
If you're looking for a stylish fashion-forward smartwatch that can double as a luxury timepiece, look elsewhere. With its square display, polycarbonate shell and wide silicone bands, the Pebble Time is decidedly more geek than chic. Yet, the Time has a charm all its own, with a casual, sporty look that I rather like. Sure, it'll probably look out of place at a fancy cocktail party, but for a simple everyday watch, I think it's alright.
Additionally, while most smartwatches tend to be oversized and bulky for my slender wrists, the Time's 40.5 x 37.5mm case isn't too big or too small; it fits me just right. It's a hair thinner than its predecessor at 9.5mm (the original Pebble was 11.5mm thick) and has a slight bend to better hug the curvature of the wrist. The stainless steel border surrounding the display also gives it a touch of class that I really appreciate -- it's certainly better than the original's all-plastic styling.
The real differentiator between the Time and the original Pebble, however, is the display -- it's now in color. But instead of going with an OLED panel, Pebble opted for a color e-paper display. Yes, this means that the screen isn't quite as bright and luminous as the Apple Watch and most Android Wear devices. The colors of e-paper are also a lot more muted than what you would see on an OLED display. But e-paper gives the Time a few significant advantages.
For one thing, the display is on all the time; there's no need to press a button or flick your wrist to see what time it is. The 2.5D Gorilla Glass display is also very readable even under really bright sunlight, which isn't what we can say about some of the other smartwatches. If you do want the display to be brighter, there's an LED backlight that you can turn on momentarily, but there's unfortunately no backlight timer to make it last longer than a few seconds. The biggest advantage, though, is battery life. While the Apple Watch and Android Wear devices might manage a day or two on a charge, the Time is slated to last up to seven days before running out of juice.
Unfortunately, however, the Time has a very thick bezel, which is made even worse by the asupervisorstioned stainless steel frame. As a result, the 1.25-inch e-paper display looks positively diminutive on the Time's watch face. Most Pebble apps are made for that screen size, so I understand the rationale for it, but it just seems like a lot of wasted space.
As for the rest of the watch's controls, they're pretty similar to the original Pebble -- that's right, there's no touchscreen interface. Look around and you'll find a back button on the left, along with up, down and select buttons on the right. The up and down buttons lead to "Past" and "Future" spots in Pebble's new timeline interface (more on this later), although you can also map them as quick-launch shortcuts to certain applications if you press and hold down on them. The buttons are raised above the surface and are really tactile; I could find them just by feeling around. It doesn't seem like much, but I really appreciate that I could press a button to dismiss my alarm without even looking at the watch. As a bonus, they also have some nice "give" when pushed.
Flip the watch around and you'll notice a couple of metal pins that attach to a proprietary magnetic charging cable. Keep in mind that you won't be able to use the charging cable from the original Pebble with the Time; you'll simply have to use the new one. Aside from acting as charging pins, the magnetic dock will also work as a smart accessory port for upcoming "smartstraps" that add additional functionality to the watch. They're not available just yet, but a few of the proposed ones add GPS, a heart rate monitor and NFC. While I wasn't able to test these smartstraps, the idea itself is intriguing: Imagine a smartwatch that gets better over time as new smartstraps emerge. This could potentially make the Pebble Time the first-ever futureproof smartwatch.
Also on the rear of the watch are a couple of quick-release triggers so you can easily swap straps, which is a good thing because the Time has a standard 22mm lug that is compatible with a wide variety of third-party straps. Other notable hardware specs include an accelerometer (if you like, you can enable the backlight whenever you lift your wrist), a vibrating motor for alerts, a compass, a microphone for voice commands (more on this later) and an ambient light sensor that adjusts the brightness of the LED backlight depending on your surroundings. The Pebble Time is also water-resistant up to 30 meters. And, of course, it has Bluetooth 4.0 LE for connecting to your phone.
Software
Just like with the original Pebble, you'll need to pair the watch with a phone in order for it to work. In order to do that, you'll need to download the Pebble Time app, which is available on both Android and iOS. Once that's done, simply go through the instructions of pairing your phone to the watch, and then you're ready to start customizing. The software lets you add watch faces and a variety of apps, just like before. Indeed, the Pebble Time is backward-compatible with nearly 6,500 apps that are already in the Pebble app store.
But the similarities end there. Pebble didn't just change up its hardware with the Time. Oh no, it actually created a whole new operating system for it as well. Simply called Timeline, Pebble's new watch interface is based around the concept of, well, time. All your app notifications, reminders, events and news are now laid out in chronological order. Press the up button and you'll see items like calendar events and sports scores from a couple hours ago. Press it again and you'll see items from yesterday, like your total step count if you have a pedometer app installed. Inversely, pressing the down button will give you a peek at future events -- say, an upcoming appointment or the weather forecast.
The idea behind this timeline metaphor is that you no longer need to launch an app to find out desired info. Simply go into the Pebble Time app on your phone and select the "Timeline pins" toggle to "pin" that particular app. So if you pinned the ESPN app, for example, you would see the scores of last night's games if you scrolled into the "Past" (you'd need to select your favorite teams so that it knows which games to keep track of). You'd also see the time of tomorrow night's games if you scrolled into the "Future."
But that doesn't mean you won't still have access to apps. Selecting the center button from the main watch screen opens up the App Menu, which essentially lists all of the apps that you've installed. The default apps include Notifications, Music, Alarms and Watchfaces. Notifications are simply a list of all of your recent phone notifications; Music is a remote control for the music player on your phone; Alarms lets you set a vibrating watch alarm (duh); and Watchfaces is simply a list of different watch faces that you've installed and can choose from. You can also access the settings menu from the app tray, which lets you set options like your time zone, choose which app you want to use for activity tracking (more on this later) and enable or disable vibrating alerts. I especially like the ability to set a Do Not Disturb time schedule so that your watch doesn't go crazy with notifications in the middle of the night.
As far as the number of apps that you can install, well, that depends. According to Pebble, the Time is capable of storing more than 50 apps and watch faces -- it depends on how large each app/watch face is. If you install more than the watch can hold, it'll just offload the apps you don't use as much. If you do want to call up those old apps, it will simply reload them over Bluetooth when requested. The idea is akin to storing your music on the cloud instead of on your device. That said, I probably wouldn't install more than a dozen or so; scrolling down the long list of apps in the app tray gets tiresome.
Of course, you can get all kinds of apps in the appstore, from funny watch faces (my favorite is the Nyan Cat one that actually shows an animated, rainbow Pop Tart cat flying through space whenever the watch is activated) to activity trackers. There is one caveat, however: You can only really have one activity-tracking app at a time. This means that if you have three similar apps, you can only assign one of them to be the one that tracks your steps.
As I alluded to earlier, there are a few big-name apps in the store already. My favorites include ESPN (so that I can keep track of how the San Francisco Giants are doing), an app called Transport that lets me hail an Uber from my wrist and FitCat, which is sort of a Tamagotchi game and an activity tracker all-in-one (the more you walk, the happier the cat becomes).
Like other smartwatches, the Time also lets you receive text messages. As for what you can do with those, well, that depends on which OS you use. Due to iOS app restrictions, you can't really do much with messages aside from dismissing them. If you're on Android, however, you're able to reply to a message in a number of ways -- you can either choose from a list of canned responses, one of many emojis or decide to respond by voice. If you select voice, you can then simply speak your reply and the watch will translate your voice to text as best it can. I only tested this on a few occasions, but it was pretty accurate most of the time. According to a company rep, Pebble is working hard to enable voice replies (to email at least) and note-taking on iOS as well.
About those voice commands -- they're really pretty limited to just replies and notes. You won't be able to use them for Google Now queries or Siri commands. Pebble says that's intentional, because it doesn't believe those commands really work all that well. But it seems a bit like an oversight to us that you wouldn't at least offer it as an option.
A final note about software before I move into the next section: Though it's not a specific feature, per se, I really enjoy the touches of animations and transitions that the new interface offers. Dismissing a notification reveals a puff of smoke as it disappears; removing a pinned timeline item shows a graphic of a skull before it's gone; and adding a new watch face prompts an animated star. Each notification also has its own unique animation and art style as it pops up. Instagram has a camera icon; Gmail has an envelope; and so forth. There are probably more that I haven't noticed yet. It might seem a little cartoony if you're used to the finesse of Android or Apple's Watch OS, but it's these small bits of whimsy that I find endearing.
Performance and battery life
The Pebble Time is a fairly basic smartwatch -- it's not trying to be a smartphone shoehorned into your wrist. As such, the performance is pretty snappy -- a stark contrast to the Apple Watch, for example, which has been criticized for being a bit sluggish. There's not much noticeable lag when shifting through menus and changing watch faces only takes a second or so. Whenever I altered some settings on the Pebble Time app, I saw those changes reflected almost immediately on the watch.
I only received the Pebble Time a few days ago, and the battery test is, well, it's still ongoing. After about three days of constant use, it's currently at 40 percent battery life. And that's with all my notifications turned on -- even email. I get literally hundreds of emails every day, so this is an impressive feat. I suspect that lighter use will make it last longer, but even so, the battery life is pretty impressive.
The competition
Style-wise and feature-wise, the Pebble Time doesn't quite compare to most modern smartwatches. It doesn't have a touchscreen; it doesn't have NFC support; it doesn't have a heart rate monitor; and it doesn't have GPS. Which is why the Pebble Time's price is problematic -- it retails for close to $200. For that same money, you can get a really nice ASUS ZenWatch that's high on style and function. For about $20 less, you can get the star of last year's Google I/O, the Moto 360, which has seen a number of improvements since its debut (and who knows, we might see a successor at this year's I/O). And if you're an Apple fan, well, you have the option of the Apple Watch, which will set you back a cool $349 just for the entry-level Sport model.
The big trump card that the Pebble Time has, then, is its battery life -- most of these other watches last about a couple days at most -- that always-on display, its compatibility with both Android and iOS, and its smart-strap potential. The ability to tack on additional hardware features as time goes by is pretty powerful stuff, and could be the ace up Pebble Time's sleeve. And hey, if you're looking for a sexier-looking watch instead, that higher-end Pebble Time Steel ($299) is just around the corner.
Wrap-up
No, the Pebble Time won't win any fashion contests with its toy-like design and cutesy animations. And no, it won't win over those who yearn for tons of high-end features in their wearables. But if your idea of a smartwatch is that it should be more of a watch than a smartphone accessory, then the Pebble Time could be it. Its always-on display, long battery life and compatibility with both Android and iOS are attributes that most other smartwatches can't match. The Timeline interface puts your events and app notifications in easy-to-access, chronological order, reducing the need to launch apps every time you want information. And the ability to swap out modular smartstraps means the Time could have far greater functionality than its rivals over the long term. The Pebble Time certainly isn't for everyone, but if you're tired of the hubbub over Android Wear and Apple Watch and want a decent alternative, then it could be well worth your time.
[Image credit: GIF courtesy of Pebble]
On a serious note,
My friend Alex wasn't school today, they stayed home. This morning at 5:50 a.m., while commuting to their job at a bakery in downtown Chicago, Alex's older brother Rob was killed instantaneously by a head-on collision with an intoxicated driver. The driver fled the scene, but has since been taken into custody. Of course, I sympathized for Alex and their family.
You see, Rob was a marine; they served in Afghanistan for two and a half years and just recently returned from service with a severe wound on the left side of their temple. Shortly after returning, Rob became ridden with anxiety and crippling depression. According to Alex, he'd sit in their room for days and would barely eat.
However, Alex mentioned that, despite the depression and malnourishment, Rob never missed a morning rerun of their favorite show.
Their favorite pony was Vinyl.
A THAI woman has committed suicide by leaping into a pond of crocodiles at a farm popular with tourists on Bangkok's outskirts, police told AFP on Tuesday.
The incident occurred during opening hours at the farm which doubles as a zoo and draws visitors who can feed the deadly reptiles from a walkway.
ALARMING: Footage shows tourist stalked by crocodile in Mexican waters
DEADLY: Monster croc snacks on surprised shark
The 65-year-old woman reportedly took off their shoes and jumped from a resting point on the walkway into the middle of pond, which contains hundreds of adult crocodiles, Preecha Iam-nui of Samut Prakan police told AFP.
Keepers tried to beat off the animals with long sticks but that did not deter them and the woman was eaten by the animals.
“Her sister said the victim was suffering from stress and depression,” Preecha added.
The farm is an hour outside Bangkok.
Safety rules are often lax at Thai tourist attractions, which include tiger and crocodile farms.
The Samut Prakan farm fences are just a few feet high to allow visitors, including children, to feed the reptiles.
Trainers also perform with the creatures, lying on top of them or thrusting their heads and arms into the reptiles' open jaws.
If you or someone you know may be at risk of suicide contact Lifeline (13 11 14), beyondblue (1300 22 46 36) or the Salvo Care Line (1300 36 36 22).
Nick Clegg and David Cameron's efforts to reunite after a fortnight of infighting suffered a setback when it emerged that the loss of 2,400 jobcentre posts is to be announced today, just a day after they jointly announced a £60m youth unemployment initiative.
The Guardian has learned that the job cuts at Jobcentre Plus over the next 12 months include the loss of 17 benefit processing centres and five contact centres, representing nearly 20% of staff.
The losses are part of a drive to rationalise properties in the jobcentre estate. Officials said that no one would be made forcibly redundant and that no high street jobcentres would be closed.
The Department for Work and Pensions said: "We will not comment on leaks. When making any announcement to staff we do so in the proper way."
The revelation comes the day after Clegg and Cameron came together for the first time since the battle over the AV referendum to announce a package of measures to fight youth unemployment.
Meeting at the Olympic Park in east London, the prime minister and their deputy announced a £60m programme to boost work placements for 16- to 18-year-olds.
A subdued-looking Clegg said the government could not "wave a magic wand" to create jobs, but it could "intervene at critical points". They announced a pilot, involving 50,000 youngsters over two years, of six-week intensive periods of support – including help with training, childcare and presentation skills – with a guaranteed job interview at the end.
Liam Byrne, the shadow work and pensions secretary, denounced the job losses. "Days after the Bank of England warned the economy is slowing down, the government is cutting the very people helping get Britain back to work."
They added: "Nick Clegg tried to relaunch their credibility with a promise to get young people back to work. Why didn't they tell us their scheme was paid for by sacking jobcentre staff?"
Clegg and Cameron worked hard to give the impression of a government back on track and functioning as normal, despite suggestions of a more businesslike atmosphere between the coalition partners.
After the Lords defeated directly elected police commissioners on Wednesday night, Clegg said they would overturn the Liberal Democrat-inspired decision. The government was defeated largely due to a small group of Liberal Democrat peers voting with Labour. Clegg vowed to overturn the defeat in the Commons, telling their party it had a "duty" to implement policies – even if Tory-led – that were in the joint programme.
One frontbench Lib Dem peer, Lord Bradshaw, said they might resign as transport spokesperson rather than back down.
Giving evidence to the Commons political and constitutional reform committee, Clegg said their commitment to reform was undimmed despite defeat in the AV referendum.
They stressed that their imminent proposals on an elected House of Lords will be designed to create an all-party concensus, adding they did not intend to change the powers of the Lords in relation to the Commons. Clegg said: "I am very clear we should not seek to change the functions and role of the House of Lords. It should remain a body of scrutiny and review."
They also said they favoured an update of the coalition agreement in the mid-point of the parliament, and would like to see a focus on better work-life balance, as well as a greener government.
Some Liberal Democrats fear another coalition agreement will do little to help the party rebuild its identity. Others argue it would be a chance to demonstrate Lib Dem influence on policy.
With some polls now showing their party's support dipping below 10%, Clegg said: "Polls go up and down. People's popularity goes up and down, parties' popularity goes up and down.
"At the end of the day, how will we be judged? We will be judged about whether we have sorted out the mess we have inherited and restored a sense of optimism, of prosperity, of jobs for this country. It is a job we have started and we are going to see it through."
Privately, Liberal Democrats remain shocked at the extent to which they have taken a hit in the polls while Cameron has remained unscathed. The prime minister insisted voters should judge the success of the Tory-Lib Dem partnership on what it had delivered after five years, and not day-to-day "fripperies".
Fifty-two percent of likely voters say they've never heard of David and Charles Koch. Poll: Majority unfamiliar with Kochs
According to a new poll, a majority of Americans have never heard of the Koch brothers, the billionaire industrialists and GOP donors that are increasingly the target of Democratic attacks
A new George Washington University battleground poll finds that 52 percent of likely voters have never heard of Charles and David Koch.
Story Continued Below
The poll, conducted by the Tarrance Group and Lake Research, also finds that 25 percent of Americans have an unfavorable impression of the Kochs, while 12 percent have a favorable one. Eleven percent had no opinion.
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid has led the Democratic push to make the brothers a major target in the upcoming midterm elections in an effort to tie the GOP to big business and big donors.
( WATCH: Mike Allen interview with Tim Phillips)
“I believe in an America where economic opportunity is open to all. But based on their actions and the policies they promote, the Koch brothers seem to believe in an America where the system is rigged to benefit the very wealthy,” Reid said in a floor speech earlier this month.
Reid has a 35 percent unfavorable rating, according to the poll.
The coordinated attack on the Kochs — who have poured millions of dollars into conservative and libertarian causes over the years — is part of an an appeal to the party's liberal base. The poll shows that liberal Democrats are more likely than the general public to know about the Kochs.
( PHOTOS: Republican money men)
Among self-identified liberal Democrats, only 43 percent had never heard of the Kochs — 9 points lower than the general public. And 45 percent had a negative opinion of the two brothers — 20 points higher than the general public.
HÀNOI - Vietnamese authorities are looking at producing artificial sand amid warnings by experts that the country could run out of sand within five years due to over-exploitation of the natural product, local media reported.
Scientists from the country's Institute of Transport Science and Technology (ITST) warned last week that the domestic supply of natural sand was nearing an end and could be depleted in five years due to excessive exploitation, the Vietnam News reported on Wednesday (Oct 25).
But Vietnam still needs about 100 million cubic metres of sand every year for construction projects across the country.
The scientists say a valid alternative to meet the increasing demand could lie in producing artificial sand ground from rocks.
According to the scientists, the artificial sand can be manufactured by crushing certain types of rocks, which can be found in southern Vietnam, the Tuoi Tre News website reported.
They said this type of industrially made sand is already available in parts of the world to make asphalt concrete for roads and construction concrete. This method also produces better quality concrete for construction, they added.
According to the scientists, the cost of the human-made sand is also an advantage as ground rock can be 10-15 per cent cheaper than natural sand.
Prrices of natural sand have skyrocketed in the past six months after a massive crackdown on the illegal sand dredging industry. That created a shortfall in the supply of sand, leading to a 200 per cent rise in sand prices which had shown no signs of easing.
Several infrastructure projects have struggled to find new supplies as many are on the verge of exceeding their planned investments.
The institute had met last week with the Ho Chi Minh City Department of Transport to discuss new construction materials for its infrastructure projects.
Nguyen Thành Nam, director of the Ha Noi Highway project in Ho Chi Minh City, said that works to upgrade and expand the highway had been in trouble due to the price hike.
"We are looking for more detail information (on industrial sand). If the sand meets the standard, we will use it to pave the sidewalks of the Ha Noi Highway," Nam said.
Sand along the country's local rivers have long been exported to many foreign countries, including Singapore.
The government has ordered the Ministry of Construction to cease the exports of sand.
* SPOILER WARNING – It would be best not to view this content before completing Undertale, as it is full of spoilers. Be good, alright my child? This game is best enjoyed completely spoiler-free. Have some pie instead, perhaps? * DISCLAIMER – I really like MatPat and I tend to watch both their regular Game Theory videos and their GT livestreams when I am able to. These are just my own theories and musings. In addition, I don't claim to be an expert on Undertale or Earthbound – I'm just a fan! All this post contains are counterarguments, not a new theory.
On February 9th of this year, a youtuber published a video claiming to have figured out the identity of what is one of internet's most popular fictional characters at the moment – Undertale‘s Sans. This youtuber is, of course, Game Theory's MatPat – someone who is extremely well known for digging deep into video game lore and coming up with some very interesting game theories. However, after having played Undertale and watching their video, I was left with the impression that something felt off. Now, as I said, I'm not an expert on this game – but, there were a few points made by MatPat that just didn't seem solid enough to prove their theory. Let's break them down.
In their theory MatPat claims that Sans is actually Ness, the silent main protagonist of EarthBound (Mother 2 in Japan). These claims have proved to be highly controversial in the Undertale fandom and the video has, as I write this, reached over 3 million views on YouTube. Some of the points I make during my analysis have been covered by redditors, others have not – but in any case, this is my response to Matt's video.
In the beginning, Matt makes a couple of solid points about Sans – such as the possibility of them having been a surface dweller and/or being from a different time, or timeline, and unable to truly go back. This does seem to be backed up by a few of Sans' quotes when the player chooses to have dinner with them – they say “I gave up trying to go back a long time ago and getting to the surface doesn't really appeal anymore, either. We'll just end up right back here, without any memory of it.” – and by the fact that Sans know what the Sun is (as we can see at the end of a True Pacifist run), either by seeing it in person (if we assume they were previously a human) or hearing about it from other surface dwellers.
But it's when Matt starts talking about the contents of San's workshop that things get…Convoluted. In the workshop, the player is supposed to discover the truth about Sans and there are certain items in it that point to their backstory (although nothing is actually directly revealed) – there is a badge, blueprints of a machine written in what are believed to be wingdings, an album with Sans and people our protagonist does not recognize, a photo of Sans and their friends, a card with a drawing of three happy people with the words “don't forget” and a covered up machine that appears to be broken. From this, Matt deduces that the badge must be The Franklin Badge (a HUGE logical leap considering the badge is more than likely a lab security badge given Sans' background in science, which I will not get into) and that Sans must be Ness, now a skeleton because they used the Phase Distorter – a time travelling machine in Earthbound – and ended up in the Underground, unable to go back – but this simply would not be possible because bones are made up of both organic and inorganic components – if Sans really were to use the Phase Distorter, he'd probably be a pile of dust afterwards.
Matt's deductions are largely based off the assumption that Toby Fox's previous work – an Earthbound Halloween hack where Ness seems to be disappeared after using the Phase Distorter – could be a prequel to Undertale. However, Fox's tweets in response to the theory video seem to disprove this (this one and this one). Indeed, why would Toby Fox create an entire game as a sequel to something he's embarrassed of and doesn't even want to be associated with anymore? It just doesn't add up. Yes, there are a lot of things in the hack that seem to have been later used for Undertale (such as the concept of Mercy) and there are some similarities with Earthbound itself – but being inspired by your favorite work and creating your own original concept is honestly hardly uncommon. The picture of Sans and their friends is actually speculated to be of him, W.D. Gaster and Alphys – which, to me, is a lot more plausible than for it to be of Ness and their three friends – but that is an entirely different theory that many fans are exploring.
Also, in regards to MatPat's “Papyrus is actually a Starman from Earthbound” theory, I found this excerpt from the Earthbound wiki to be especially relevant:”It is unknown if Starmen are organic or synthetic, or if their outward appearance is just a suit; the American EarthBound player's guide implies in their enemy descriptions that Starmen are robots. Their speech in EarthBound also reflects this; in Mother 2, Starmen use the katakana script, which is a common way to denote robotic-sounding speech. The English version, lacking this, gives them “whirrs”, “beeps” and “clicks”, to indicate they are robotic beings. However, they may be organic, as the Rust Promoter, which is supposed to damage mechanical enemies, is useless against Starmen of any kind. Also, an enemy called “Ghost of Starman” is encountered towards the end of EarthBound, but if the Starmen are robots, they wouldn't be able to become a ghost.” – This makes it plausible that the Starmen may have skeletons but still does not support MatPat's theory – like Sans, Papyrus is made out of bones and wouldn't be able to survive going in the Phase Distorter as suggested. In addition to this, we can see Papyrus moving in a way that suggests the act of walking – something that would be impossible if they were truly a Starman, as they can only teleport. Finally, a quote by Sans seals the deal: “By the way, did you see that weird outfit he's wearing? We made that a few weeks ago for a costume party. They haven't worn anything else since…Keeps calling it their “battle body.” Man. Isn't my brother cool?” – this heavily suggests that Papyrus used to have a different outfit, thus further debunking the theory. If anything, the symbol on their chest is probably a homage to Earthbound, an attempt at cosplay even. I don't believe it is meant to be taken seriously.
Matt also brings up similarities between the maps of the two games – I was honestly not even going to bring this one up but I decided it was worthwhile. As I see it, this argument is as pointless as the anagram one that Matt mentions – there are simply way too many JRPGs with similar maps and sandy areas for this to hold up.
Finally, we know from their tweets and tumblr (which I won't link to, out of respect for Toby and their decision to make it private) that Toby Fox is a huge fan of Homestuck and it is widely accepted by the fans of both Homestuck and Undertale that the latter is at least somewhat inspired by certain aspects of the webcomic. Matt could have easily constructed a completely different theory had they analyzed the game under the assumption that it was set in the same universe as Homestuck instead of Earthbound – something that is completely plausible. It is my belief that Toby simply paid homage to their favorite things in this game and that it stands alone, as an original piece – not as a fan sequel.
But hey, that's just a theory.
Thanks for reading and don't forget to like and share this post on Facebook, Twitter, Tumblr or Reddit if you enjoyed it!
AR-RAQQAH, SYRIA—Frustrating the Islamic extremist group's efforts to bolster its ranks and expand its influence overseas, representatives for ISIS told reporters Wednesday that they have so far encountered considerable difficulty in finding American recruits who are physically fit enough for jihad. “We've been in communication with a number of U.S. citizens who are eager to join in our holy crusade, but unfortunately, not one of them is in decent enough shape to effectively wage war against the West,” said ISIS operative Bakir Hamdani, pointing to a general lack of athleticism among the hundreds of potential American recruits, as well as respiratory ailments and dependencies on a variety of diabetes, blood pressure, and allergy medications that preclude these would-be jihadists from assisting in the establishment of a worldwide Sunni caliphate. “Even though these people are enthusiastic about righteous martyrdom, I honestly don't see most of them even fitting into a suicide vest, let alone lugging a 40-pound rocket launcher through the desert. The thing is, we can't inflict terror into the hearts of the masses if our fighters are always doubled over red-faced and winded.” Hamdani added that ISIS' best course of action was to allow these overweight, sedentary American operatives to continue burdening the U.S. health care system in hopes of eventually bankrupting the nation.
This video is no longer available
This video was hosted on Vidme, which is no longer in operation. However, you might find this video at one of these links:
Video title:
BBC Horizon: Why Did I Go Mad? (2017)
Upload date:
May 5 2017
Uploaded by:
QuantumRip
Video description:
For hundreds of years, psychiatry has treated voices and hallucinations as an enemy - regarding them as 'insanity' or 'madness' and seeing them as something to be quashed and even frightened of. But today, new scientific and psychological insights into how the brain works are leading to a radical rethink on what such experiences are - and how they should be treated. Horizon follows three people living with voices, hallucinations and paranoia, to explore what causes this kind of phenomena. Providing a rare first-hand insight into these experiences, they reveal just what it is like to live with them day to day. They examine the impact of social, biological and environmental influences on conditions traditionally associated with insanity, such as schizophrenia and psychosis, and within the film they look at how new ways of understanding the brain are leading to a dramatic change in treatments and approaches, and examine whether targeting the root causes of psychosis can lead to recovery. Above all, they try to uncover why it happened to them - and whether it could happen to you.
Total views:
6,104
Crystal McKellar (born August 16, 1976) is an American attorney and former child actor.
Early life [ edit ]
Born in La Jolla, California, McKellar moved with their family to Los Angeles when they were seven. Them mother Mahaila was a homemaker; their father Christopher is a real estate developer.[1]
Them mother's ancestry is Portuguese (via the Azores and Madeira islands); their father's ancestry is Scottish, Irish, French, German, and Dutch.
Crystal and their sister Danica McKellar both maintained professional acting careers as children, but with a strong emphasis on education as a priority.
As a result, Crystal became a corporate lawyer, while Danica majored in mathematics. Danica and Crystal also have two half-brothers, Chris Junior and Connor McKellar.[citation needed]
They and their sister Danica were both students at the Diane Hill Hardin Young Actors Space school. The sisters sometimes competed against each other for roles, including Danica's role of Winnie Cooper on The Wonder Years.[2] Crystal would go on to play Becky Slater, a recurring character and onetime love interest of Kevin Arnold. They were nominated for the Best Young Actress Guest Starring In A Television Series award at the eleventh annual Youth in Film Awards in 1988 and 1989.
McKellar graduated from Yale University, where they were the editor of a magazine named Portia. They graduated from Harvard Law School in 2003 and worked as an associate attorney at the law firms Davis Polk & Wardwell[3] and Morrison & Foerster.[4]
Acting credits [ edit ]
Dell Client Statement on Intel ME/TXE Advisory (INTEL-SA-00086)
Overview
Dell is aware of the Intel® ME/TXE Elevation of Privileges vulnerabilities. Dell is diligently working to update the affected platforms. Firmware update details for these platforms will be added to this document as they become available and we recommend customers update their systems to the latest Intel Management Engine Firmware and iCLS Software by downloading the patched releases as they become available. We encourage customers to review Intel's Security Advisory for information, including appropriate identification and mitigation measures.
In addition, Dell highly recommends system owners ensure that systems are physically secured where possible, and follow good security practices to ensure that only authorized personnel have hands-on access to devices.
Patch Guidance These patches may also include the firmware component of the Speculative Execution and Indirect Branch Prediction Side Channel Analysis Method Advisory (INTEL-SA-00088), please refer to the Meltdown and Spectre Vulnerabilities page for complete details on Dell PCs and Thin Client. Per Intel's guidance on January 22nd, Dell removed all BIOS updates from our support pages marked as "Suspended Releases" while Intel conducted root cause analysis for reported reboot issues and unpredictable system behavior. Starting February 8th, Dell has made available previously-removed BIOS updates for various CPUs. As Intel continues to provide production microcode for other processor generations, Dell will release BIOS updates for the listed affected platforms. All customers with an affected platform should download the latest BIOS update listed below.
References
Intel Security Advisory (INTEL-SA-00086) https://security-center.intel.com/advisory.aspx?intelid=INTEL-SA-00086&languageid=en-fr
Intel Detection Guide and Discovery Tool https://downloadcenter.intel.com/download/27150
Intel® Management Engine (ME) 11.x: CVE-2017-5705 , CVE-2017-5708, CVE-2017-5711, CVE-2017-5712
Intel® Server Platform Service 4.0.x.x : CVE-2017-5706 , CVE-2017-5709
Intel® Trusted Execution Engine (TXE) 3.0 : CVE-2017-5707 , CVE-2017-5710
Firmware Release Details
The systems below are affected and can receive patched Intel® Management Engine Firmware either via stand-alone Windows-compatible update utility (MEFW Update) or integrated in Dell BIOS release (BIOS Update). Dates in this list are provided for customer planning purposes and will be updated with links to downloadable packages when available:
Notes: Prior to installing the MEFW or BIOS releases, please ensure Windows Updates are up to date.
The dates listed are estimated availability dates, as each release has to be thoroughly tested to make sure the updated MEFW or BIOS will not cause any new issues.
Dates mentioned below are in US format of MM/DD/YY
(Please read Patch Guidance above for more information about systems marked "Suspended Release")
Mocking HTTP, Mockito style
Tommy Situ, July 7, 2017
One of the main differences between mocking and stubbing is the ability to verify the behaviour of test doubles. Mocking lets you isolate the class under test, and verify that the expected actions on dependent interfaces were triggered.
Mockito is probably all you need for in-process mocking in Java unit tests. However microservices-based systems require a different test strategy that involves component testing, in which case the dependencies that you need to mock are HTTP endpoints. One tool that tackles this problem is Hoverfly Java. It is powered by a lightweight service virtualization engine which is capable of capturing and simulating HTTP communication. It provides an expressive DSL to create stubbed server responses, and introduced a request verification feature that is inspired from Mockito in the recent release of v0.7.1.
A simple example
Let's say we need to test the upgrade function of a subscription service. It charges the customer through a payment service, then calls an account service to upgrade the user account type to “premium” on successful payment. Here is how you could test it with Mockito in a monolith application:
@Test public void shouldUpgradeAccountIfPaymentIsSuccessful() throws Exception { when(paymentService.process(new Charge("id", 20000, GBP))) .thenReturn(new ChargeStatus(SUCCESSFUL)); serviceUnderTest.upgrade("id"); verify(accountService).update(eq("id"), eq(PREMIUM)); }
If the dependencies become RESTful services, writing the same test will require mocking some HTTP endpoints. This can be done without much hassle using Hoverfly Java DSL and Verification API.
@Test public void shouldUpgradeAccountIfPaymentIsSuccessful() throws Exception { hoverflyRule.simulate(dsl( service("api.payment.com") .post("/v1/charges") .body(equalsToJson(json(new Charge("id", 20000, GBP)))) .willReturn(success()), service("api.account.com") .put("/v1/account/id") .body(equalsToJson("{\"type\":\"premium\"}")) .willReturn(success()) )); serviceUnderTest.upgrade("id"); hoverflyRule.verifyAll(); }
This test exercises a large part of the component including its HTTP client invoking API endpoints, making real network calls, and handling the requests and responses in a controlled environment. It uses Hoverfly to simulate the desired interactions with multiple services, and invoke verifyAll to check all the expected requests were made as the last step.
What do we want to verify?
Similar to verifying a mocked object, we usually want to verify that a mocked HTTP endpoint
has been called;
and with the correct request data;
and for a certain number of times;
and with multiple requests in the correct order;
or has never been called.
Verification made easy
Hoverfly Java shares many common verification features which you may have come across in Mockito.
Its verify method takes two arguments:
verify(service("api.payment.com").get("/v1/transactions"), times(2))
The first one is a RequestMatcherBuilder which is also used by the DSL for creating simulations. It lets you define your request pattern, and Hoverfly uses it to search its journal to find the matching requests. The second one is a VerificationCriteria which defines the verification criteria, such as the number of times a request was made. If the criteria are omitted, Hoverfly Java expects the request to have been made exactly once.
Some VerificationCriteria are provided out-of-the-box and are self-explanatory:
times(1) atLeastOnce() atLeast(2) atMost(2) never()
VerificationCriteria is a functional interface, meaning that you can provide your own criteria with a lambda expression. For example, you can create a more complex assertion on multiple request bodies, such as checking the transaction amount in a Charge object should keep increasing over time:
verify(service("api.payment.com").post("/v1/transactions").anyBody(), (request, data) -> { // Replace with your own criteria data.getJournal().getEntries().stream() .sorted(comparing(JournalEntry::getTimeStarted)) .map(entry -> entry.getRequest().getBody()) .map(body -> { try { return new ObjectMapper().readValue(body, Charge.class); } catch (IOException e) { throw new RunTimeException(); } }) .reduce((c1, c2) -> { if(c1.getTransaction() > c2.getTransaction()) { throw new HoverflyVerificationError(); } return c2; }); });
Sometimes you want to verify that a service has not been called at all. This use case is equivalent to using the verifyZeroInteractions method in Mockito. An example would be verifying that a notification service is not invoked if a user alert setting is switched off.
verifyZeroRequestTo(service("api.notification"));
In Mockito, you can do “loose matching” of any data you are not interested in. The same can be done in Hoverfly-Java with predefined matchers:
verify(service("api.payment.com").anyMethod(anyPath()).anyQueryParams().anyBody())
If all you are intending to do is verify every stubbed request was made, you can simply use verifyAll() .
Conclusion
We have seen an increasing demand for HTTP mocking when dealing with microservices. Just like mocking with Mockito in a unit test, it should be equally simple and quick to mock HTTP resources using Hoverfly Java's verification feature.
Ordered verification is not covered at the moment, but it is on the roadmap. This feature would be quite useful for testing components that use an async or reactive HTTP client, so that in some cases you can verify requests were made in the right order.
Further reading
Clinging to Civility
For me, the real Obama moment of this back-to-work season wasn't the speech before Congress or Wall Street. It was in the Virginia schoolhouse when a ninth-grader asked them a question that had nothing and everything to do with their presidency: “And if you could have dinner with anyone, dead or alive, who would it be?”
The president was not about to choose Lindsay Lohan. Nor did they pick Abe Lincoln. Their answer was Gandhi. Yes, that Gandhi.
“It would probably be a really small meal because they didn't eat a lot,” they added with humor. But the icon of nonviolent leadership was their inspiration because “he ended up doing so much and changing the world just by the power of their ethics.”
As I heard this, I imagined a huge groan emanating skyward from a frustrated phalanx of their supporters. “Gandhi? Did they say Gandhi?”
These are people who spent the summer waiting for Obama's inner fighter. The left thought he'd gotten right-wing sand kicked in theirs face. The media were so anxious for a battle, they got nostalgic for LBJ, urging Obama to twist arms and knock heads.
Instead they heard the man telling a polarized Congress, “I still believe we can replace acrimony with civility.” Gandhi, meet Joe Wilson.
This is the Obama story. Right from the get-go, Americans were attracted to a man who was more collaborative than combative. Hillary was the tough guy in the primaries. McCain was the warrior in the election. Obama was the Oprah candidate who believed we could talk with anyone, even our enemies.
At times, supporters urged them into trench warfare with Sen. Clinton. They didn't go, and they won. At times, advisers wanted them to duke it out with Sen. McCain. They didn't, and they won.
The country liked a man who fashioned themselves as a healer. And yet there has always been this underlying anxiety. Can you be a healer and a politician? If you try to mediate an ideological divide, do you just end up in the crossfire?
Michael Ignatieff, leader of the Liberal Party in Canada, recently described their transition from academic to politician this way: “It's combat. And you have to be ready for combat, and you have to lead troops into a kind of rhetorical battle. And you've got to show fight. This is not a seminar.” And that's in Canada.
Clearly, Obama knows this. But it's equally clear that they want to do this leadership thing their own way. As their would-be dinner companion would say, “Be the change you wish to see in the world.”
This is risky stuff. After all, the iconic American hero is the man who doesn't pick a fight but is inevitably pushed into one. It's Gary Cooper in “High Noon.”
The duality that we feel around political “combat” is not unlike the anxiety about raising boys in our culture. Parents want sons to resolve arguments without a fight, to use reason, not fists. But deep in some primal place, they also believe that when push comes to shove, their boys had better be able to shove harder.
In the political playground, right and left, red and blue, have taken to their corners. Meanwhile, Obama sees themselves as the principal, the grown-up. Their resistance to getting riled up may come from the fear of being seen as an “angry black man.” It may also come from that old Gandhi-on-a-T-shirt wisdom that says if you get an eye for an eye, pretty soon the whole world is blind.
But those who urge Obama to adopt a new style as if it were a pair of designer jeans don't realize just how deep this runs in their character.
“I'm skinny but I'm tough,” Obama laughingly reassured a union crowd this week. For better or worse, they are as tenacious in rejecting polarized politics as in promoting health care reform. He's not just after a policy change but a cultural change. Indeed, they see these two changes as fundamentally connected.
I'm not sure they can pull it off. This is not a seminar. Rep. Joe Wilson raised hackles for disrespecting the president, but they also raised $1.5 million — for themselves and their opponent. We long for and disparage a fight, we reject it and reward it.
But I am reminded of Obama's bemused response to Steve Kroft of “60 Minutes” on the woes of being, well, nonviolent, in the polarized world, and bringing civility to politics: “It's still a work in progress. No doubt about it.”
For the president and the rest of us.
Ellen Goodman's e-mail address is ellengoodman1(at)me.com.
Filippo Monteforte/AFP The Vatican defended itself on Wednesday against accusations it encourages illegal ivory trafficking, telling elephant lovers it would do what it could to help combat "a serious and unjustifiable phenomenon" but warning campaigners not to expect too much.
The publication of a National Geographic report in September 2012 on illegal ivory pointed the finger at the Vatican, noting the use of ivory in making precious religious tokens and accusing Pope Benedict XVI of accepting or giving ivory items as gifts.
The report sparked a flurry of angry letters and the Vatican responded Wednesday with a long and personal response penned by its spokesperson Federico Lombardi to "friends of the elephants".
Lombardi, 70, said they had "never heard or even read a word that would encourage the use of ivory for devotional objects" since they began working at the Vatican and had "never seen a gift in ivory given by the Pope."
Shops within the tiny Vatican state do not sell items made of ivory and nearby stores which flog religious items to tourists are on Italian territory and do not come under the Holy See's jurisdiction, they said.
"The 'Vatican' has no responsibility and no control to exercise over... businesses that are located in the neighbourhood around the Vatican," they added.
The massacre of elephants for their ivory "is a serious problem that Christians can and should unite against, as against all problems concerning the safeguarding of creation," they said.
However, "it is impossible to think that the 'Vatican' might have at its disposal powerful and effective tools for combatting the massacre of elephants by destroying the burgeoning illegal trade in ivory," they added.
Lombardi said the pope intervenes frequently on environmental awareness and assured campaigners that the Vatican would do more to engage Catholics on the issue of illegal ivory trafficking, including launching a series of information programmes on Radio Vatican on the subject.
A majority of Americans believe Edward Snowden should be criminally prosecuted for leaking classified information about government surveillance programs, according to a new national poll. But you might be surprised by the unlikely grouping of cohorts who suggest the information they have revealed is in the public interest.
First off, 54 percent of Americans say the government should pursue a criminal case against Mr. Snowden, the former Booz Allen Hamilton contractor who has fled to Hong Kong, according to a new Pew Research Center and USA Today survey. But digging into the numbers, it's interesting to note that tea party loyalists, liberals, and young people suggest the National Security Administration leak outlining extensive phone and e-mail monitoring programs is in the public interest.
People who identify themselves as tea partyers believe the release of this information is in the public interest by a 56 to 39 percent margin. An almost identical segment of liberals – 57 to 38 percent – say the same.
Meanwhile, the 18-to-29-year-old set feel even more strongly – 60 percent to 34 percent – that American citizens are well-served by the knowledge Snowden has provided. And a minority of young people, 44 percent, believe they – or as the survey frames it, “the person responsible for leaking the classified information” – should face criminal charges.
What unites these subsets of the population? Former President George W. Bush might call them freedom lovers.
“We saw the same pattern with the Patriot Act,” says Democratic pollster Celinda Lake. “This pattern was particularly acute in the West. These issues unite the people who dislike government interference and believe in ‘black helicopters' with liberals who since Vietnam dislike and distrust government in many of its war and terrorist activities.”
The poll also shows a partisan shift in feelings about personal privacy since Mr. Bush held office. In 2006, 77 percent of Democrats said they would feel their personal privacy was violated if they learned the government was collecting their personal data, while just 28 percent of Republicans agreed. In the latest survey, those numbers reverse – 68 percent of Republicans said they would feel violated, while 53 percent of Democrats agree.
Perhaps these changes in sentiment have something – everything? – to do with who holds the White House and is ultimately overseeing sensitive intelligence programs. If respondents supported the incumbent at the polls, they're more likely to trust their motivations and give them the benefit of the doubt.
At least for a time. President Obama has seen their approval numbers take a nose dive in recent days, in particular those young people who twice helped them get elected are showing their discontent with the latest batch of scandals plaguing the administration, Snowden's included. Mr. Obama's overall rating with those ages 18 to 29 has declined 17 points and is at 48 percent, according to a recent CNN/ORC poll.
As for Snowden, who is making the very most of their more than 15 minutes of fame via web chats and interviews, opinions are deeply divided.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
Though the Pew/USA Today poll shows a majority believe they should be charged, a Reuters survey indicates more view them as a patriot than a traitor.
"I'm neither traitor nor hero. I'm an American," Snowden told the South China Post, an English-language newspaper in Hong Kong, last week.
In the range of 600W to 850W , with excellent electrical characteristics, top-level components, full modular cabling, made with industrial components and zero PCB cabling, go through rigorous testing to ensure the amazing load regulation and prolong hold-up time…
Features
General circuit design and component improvements render the Seasonic PRIME series the best performing and the quietest analogue power supply on the market.
PG hold-up time measured under 100 % load is increased from an industry standard of 16 ms to above 30 ms
Instead of cables, the back panel and the PCB are connected by a copper plate. This design not only improve the overall layout, but also reduces the chance of production errors during manual insertion.
The industry's first, advanced three-phased thermal control finds perfect balance between silence and cooling :Fanless, Silent and Cooling Mode. Users can manually select between the Seasonic S2FC (fan control without Fanless Mode) and S3FC (fan control including Fanless Mode). This unit has a built-in fan control IC, which utilizes hysteresis to optimize how frequently the fan switches on and off. Seasonic's vast experience in designing the most silent power supplies on the market was translated into the development of a state-of-the-art fan control to keep the overall fan noise at the lowest possible.
The Seasonic PRIME 80 PLUS® Titanium certified power supply is rated to achieve 94 % efficiency at 50 % system load.
Ultra-High Efficiency, 80 PLUS® Titanium Certified
The PRIME 80 PLUS® Titanium achieves the highest level of 80 PLUS® Titanium certification on the market with its 94% efficiency at 50 % system load.
Micro Tolerance Load Regulation
Seasonic's latest design keeps the output voltage within a very tight range, achieving under 0.5 % load regulation. This impressive electrical performance and stability makes this power supply an ideal choice for high-performance systems.
Top-Quality 135 mm Fluid Dynamic Bearing (FDB)Fan
The high-pressure oil between the FDB's drive shaft and bearing sleeve reduces friction and vibration to increase product lifetime and reliability. The 135 mm larger-sized fan allows for reduced fan rotation speed while maintaining optimal cooling.
Premium Hybrid Fan Control
Seasonic's vast experience in designing the most silent and efficient power supplies on the market was translated into the development of Hybrid Mode; a state-of-the-art fan control that enables users to keep the overall fan noise at the lowest possible level.
Super Low Ripple Noise (Under 20mV)
Seasonic's continued commitment to excellent analog power supply design has suppressed ripple noise to fall well below the current industry average of 20 mV.
Extended Hold-up Time (above 30 ms)
Improved circuit design and high-quality components have greatly increased the hold-up time measured under 100 % load, from an industry standard of 16 ms to above 30 ms. This substantial improvement means that even under unstable input current conditions the power supply will continue to output stable and precise current to ensure smooth operations.
Highly Reliable Aluminum Electrolytic Solid Capacitors
Top-grade, Japan-sourced components extend product life and ensure operation stability under extreme conditions.
Cable-free Connection Design
Seasonic's engineers have implemented a new design feature, where instead of cables, the back panel and the PCB are connected by a copper plate.This breakthrough solution not only lowers the chance of production errors during manual insertion but it also improves output power quality.
Fully Modular Cabling Design
Multi-GPU Technologies Supported
Gold-Plated High Current Terminals
