PORTAGE PARK — Perkolator Coffeehouse opened Monday in the spot left empty by the closure of Regulus Coffee House, bringing a cafe back to the Irving Austin Business District.
Joe Basilone served the first cup of coffee just after 6 a.m., and found themselves greeting a steady stream of customers all day — including Ald. Tim Cullerton (38th) and fellow Portage Park business owners wishing them well.
"We've been looking at the dark spot for months," Basilone said. "It is great to have it open."
Heather Cherone says another closed coffee shop helped the owners out in a big way:
Basilone, who owns the Thrift & Thrive resale shop across Irving Park Road with their wife, Melissa, opened Perkolator coffeehouse and cafe at 6032 W. Irving Park Road to breathe new life into the business district along Portage Park's western edge, which is pockmarked with empty storefronts.
Josh Sheldon serves up a shot of espresso at Perkolator. View Full Caption DNAinfo/Heather Cherone
"Regardless of whether [Perkolator] is profitable, we did the right thing for the neighborhood," Basilone said.
Mark Miskewitch, who lives less than a block from the cafe, said they were thrilled to have a new coffee house so close to where they lived with their wife and two kids.
"This is great for the neighborhood," Miskewitch said. "We needed it. It will bring a lot more business to the area. The vibe is really nice."
The cafe's name is a play on the old-fashioned coffeemaker Basilone remembers bubbling away on the stove in their grandmother's kitchen. The coffee makers line the brightly painted walls, which display work from local artists.
Basilone said the cafe got an unexpected boost from the recent closure of the Knockbox Cafe in Humboldt Park, which lost its lease. Owners Jonah and Tiffinie Shalack gave Basilone $2,000 worth of equipment and supplies — plus an industrial-sized microwave.
"I am overwhelmed by their generosity," Basilone said of their friends.
Regulus closed at the end of December after a dismal holiday season made worse by the harsh winter and by the string of setbacks suffered by the Patio Theater, 6008 W. Irving Park Road, which is now up for sale.
Perkolator is open from 6 a.m.-6 p.m. weekdays and from 7 a.m.-6 p.m. Saturdays and Sundays.
For more Northwest Side news from Heather Cherone, listen here:
Focus: Atoms As Thermometers
A small number of atoms in repeated trials can accurately measure the temperature of an ultracold gas cloud—a step toward measuring temperature on the micrometer scale.
M. Hohmann/Univ. of Kaiserslautern How cold is it? Six cesium atom “thermometers” mixed with ultracold rubidium gas in this glass cell. The experiment requires more than twenty laser beams in order to precisely control and monitor the mixing process.
M. Hohmann/Univ. of Kaiserslautern How cold is it? Six cesium atom “thermometers” mixed with ultracold rubidium gas in this glass cell. The experiment requires more than twenty laser beams in order to precisely control and monitor the mixing process. ×
Temperature measurement is crucial for many atomic physics experiments, but usually it's measured for an entire cloud of atoms. Now researchers have taken the first steps toward micrometer-scale temperature measurements within an ultracold cloud. The team released a handful of “thermometer” cesium atoms into a cloud of rubidium and then measured the atoms' temperature to learn the rubidium cloud's temperature. The team also used an array of closely spaced traps to observe the individual cesium atoms' locations, a trick that could lead to spatially resolved temperature measurements.
Researchers studying Bose-Einstein condensates (BECs)—ultracold gases in their quantum ground states—have learned a lot about the rules of quantum mechanics for a large number of interacting particles in equilibrium. However, their understanding of nonequilibrium quantum behavior, such as the formation of vortices in a BEC, is still incomplete. These experiments depend on precise temperature measurements, but currently researchers can only accurately measure the whole gas at once. To learn about the finer details of the phenomena, they need to resolve thermal variations to within a micrometer, says Artur Widera of the University of Kaiserslautern in Germany.
The tricky part is finding a thermometer that the experimentalist can control precisely and locate with micrometer accuracy. Widera and their colleagues had previously studied the interaction of individual cesium atoms with ultracold rubidium gas, so they chose cesium as their thermometer for rubidium. “We can identify, control, and detect [cesium atoms] independent of the gas,” Widera says. The rubidium temperature can be measured by standard methods, as a check on the new technique.
The team started with about 6 cesium atoms in a trap at the edge of a second, larger trap containing 10,000 rubidium atoms near its center. The rubidium temperature was between 0.1 and 5 microkelvin. The team chose to use few cesium atoms to avoid changing the rubidium gas's temperature when the two were mixed. Next, the researchers released the cesium, allowing it to be drawn toward the rubidium cloud. Some cesium atoms collided with the rubidium atoms, exchanging kinetic energy in a process called thermalization, while others flew right through the cloud. The team then briefly turned off the trap for up to 3 milliseconds. The number of atoms that escape during such a release-recapture procedure depends on the temperature. So the researchers counted the remaining cesium atoms—by detecting fluorescence in response to a laser pulse—and then compared their data with computer simulations to learn the temperature.
However, to get an accurate temperature measurement, the researchers also needed to know the fraction of cesium atoms that had flown through the rubidium cloud without thermalizing with it. They used an array of traps (an optical lattice) spaced every 395 nanometers horizontally along the path between the two main traps to track the cesium atoms' motion. The team ran the experiment many times, each time turning on the lattice at a different moment, freezing the atoms' motion, and then imaging their positions with laser-induced fluorescence. They hope to use the optical lattice in the future to measure temperature with high spatial resolution.
Widera says that the team's temperature measurement agreed with other experimental methods, which confirms that the cesium atoms work as thermometers and that the researchers can monitor their positions on the micrometer scale. They envision future experiments where a rubidium BEC is prodded out of equilibrium, and cesium atoms would determine its temperature in a specific region with micrometer-scale resolution.
One limitation of the technique, says Jörg Schmiedmayer of the Vienna University of Technology, is that the experiment must be repeated many times to make a single temperature measurement, because so few cesium atoms are involved. Such repetition is common practice, but Schmiedmayer points out that it sacrifices potentially important details that are embedded in individual snapshots. However, they say that having many tools for studying these complicated nonequilibrium systems is necessary, and tinkering with a different technique could lead to important discoveries. “You might be able to learn about the local properties of a system in a different way,” Schmiedmayer says.
This research is published in Physical Review A.
–Sophia Chen
Sophia Chen is a freelance science writer in Tucson, Arizona.
Posted on Written by
I vaguely remember “Mr. H,” my high school Economics teacher, telling our class, “A deal is not a deal until the cash is in hand.” Unfortunately, most freelancers don't follow that philosophy. Why is it that so many designers run into problems with getting paid?
Deposits, contracts, etc. are absolutely necessary when dealing with new clients. But what if you have worked on a number of projects with the same person? In my experience, a level of trust is developed and those “businessy” things start to fade away. After all, “Mr. H” also taught our class the value of repeat business vs. the cost of acquiring new customers; and diving into a project without asking for half of the money up-front will certainly make my customer happy and want to come back.
If any of this sounds familiar, you've set yourself up to be stung. And if the project turns out to be a big one, it can really hurt. Sometimes you complete the job and just can't get the client to pay, or maybe a job gets cancelled halfway through and it's a “tough rocks, pal” kind of moment.
So, why is this so common? I think that when it comes to the business end of freelancing, we are too soft. Deposits and contracts are not a number one priority because there is an off chance that you'll offend or scare a client away. We don't want to lose a job that way because the reality of being a freelance designer is that if you don't have work coming in you wont get paid, which can be a bigger problem than not getting paid for the time you've put into a specific project.
What do you think?
What is the best way to make sure you are compensated for your work? Do you prefer to obtain a deposit or make sure a contract is signed before taking on every job? What about repeat clients? Leave a comment below, we can all learn from each other's past experiences. (Horror stories are welcome!)
Basic recipes a simple basic cookbook already has. Other than the pictures of Star Wars character toys standing on or next to the food, there is little that is original here. Example: Tuscan Raider Taters is simply mashed potatoes made from boiled potatoes, milk, butter, salt, pepper. The only unique suggestion is that if you want the mashed potatoes to be light brown in color as shown in the photo with the toy figure, you can add 2 T of soy sauce. The recipe goes into laborious detail about how to cut a raw potato into 1 in cubes to boil it (instead of just letting the kids leave the potato whole and avoiding the knife work), and then calls for the kids to drain the boiled potatoes in a colander in the sink. It does give a warning about steam burns but doesn't suggest that this step should be done by an adult. Also, the suggestion about adding 2 T of soy sauce to the pound of potatoes in the recipe to make them brown doesn't include leaving off the teaspoon of salt in the recipe, and only adding more salt "to taste.". The "Burrito" recipe is the same.... same old burritos you might make in your family already. Nothing that makes them uniquely Star Warsian.
Recently I spotted an article in the Nagasaki Shimbun noting that the latest 007 James Bond film, Skyfall, features the Japanese ghost island of Hashima (端島), otherwise known as Gunkanjima (軍艦島) – ‘Battleship Island'. Readers of this website will undoubtedly remember my illicit account of urban exploration on the real island itself back in 2010. Recommended reading for anybody curious about how the island really looks these days!
As a tribute to the new Bond film, I've decided to upload some unreleased shots from when I returned to help film the documentary ‘Forgotten Planet‘ with the Discovery Channel on the island in 2011 – a follow-up of sorts to the original documentary ‘Life After People‘ on the History Channel. Enjoy!
Hashima: The Real Ghost Island
It might not look it, but the warship-shaped Gunkanjima is actually very small, measuring just 480m long x 160m wide. It was once the most densely populated city in the world – the packed apartment blocks being filled with miners and their families. The population reached a peak of 5,259 in 1959 – a density of 835 people per 10,000 square metres (100m x 100m) for the whole island, or 1,391 people per 10,000 square metres in the residential district alone. But it was not to last.
The owner of the coal mines, Mitsubishi Mining Company, shut them down in 1974 due to the rise in use of petroleum. With no further reason to remain there, the residents of the island were all forced to return to the mainland and, thinking nobody would ever return, left their many possessions behind to slowly degrade under the harsh sea elements.
Despite its small size, exploring the island on my first trip was very demanding, simply because I only had a couple of hours to circle the towering structures, shoot my pictures and leave before the first patrol boats arrived. My friend and I received quite a shock when a tourist boat, evidently the early bird, passed by the island recounting the history over loudspeakers!
While filming the documentary however, we were afforded two full days and granted access to pretty much everywhere on the island. The crew was a great bunch, made up of several local filmmakers from Nagasaki, director Jim Hense (sitting below), 3D cameraman Tom Collins, fixer Noriko Uchida, myself and of course, the passionate former resident of Hashima, Doutoku Sakamoto. Sakamoto leads a noble campaign to have Gunkanjima recognised as a World Heritage Site, as well as talking about their younger years on the island and the accompanying history on the official Gunkanjima tours that depart from Nagasaki.
Needless to say, as an eager photographer and urban explorer, I was giddy with delight at both being featured in the final documentary as an amateur historian, and the chance to explore more of the nooks and crannies on the island that I had missed on my first exploration.
One particular goal of mine was to find the elusive television set, which is simply breathtaking to behold in its weathered, rusting state. I found it, resting solemnly in an empty room, like an eye looking back into a world long since past…
Although I've yet to see the new Bond movie myself, from what I gather Gunkanjima was used as the inspiration for the deserted island lair of the villain, Raoul Silva. The actual island itself does not feature heavily in the film, but a set modelled on the ghost town was constructed at Pinewood Studios in the UK for filming purposes. I must say, some of the screens I'm coming across look pretty awesome! I will definitely head out to see the movie when it is released over here in Japan.
As lucky as I've been to document the island's decay and talk briefly about its history, I feel like I've only just scratched the surface of this city. The abandoned island is no wild phantom of the imagination; it's a very real and very moving place, rich with both heart-warming personal stories and shocking tales perhaps best left unheard.
For now though, I leave you with these humble images. I hope over the coming years that I may again have the chance to visit this crumbling paradise and talk in more detail about its past and the people who lived there.
Until then, fellow adventurer!
*****
For more regular updates, feel free to follow me on Google +, Twitter or subscribe to Gakuranman.com's feed!
Promo albums are marked in a variety of different ways Music giant Universal Music Group has lost a court battle to stop an eBay trader from reselling promotional CDs they had bought from second hand stores. Troy Augusto makes money by snapping up rare albums and selling them on the online auction site. Universal accused them of copyright infringement, saying some of the items they offered were promotional copies and not authorised for sale to the public. But a US judge ruled that Mr Augusto had the right to sell the CDs. Universal said it planned to appeal against the ruling and was confident that it would win. "We believe that the court's analysis is incorrect in a number of critical respects," a spokesperson said. The outcome applies only to US law, but observers say the case has been watched keenly in the UK. The ruling comes as a UK-based DJ was arrested on suspicion of selling more than 150 pre-release albums on eBay, weeks before their official release. If charges were brought, it is thought it would be the first case of its kind in the UK. 'Important ruling' Dismissing the American case, US District Court Judge S James Otero said that Mr Augusto was protected by the "first sale" doctrine in copyright law. This says that once a copyright owner gives away a copy of a CD, DVD or book, the recipient is entitled to sell it on. This ruling affirms and protects the traditional balance between the copyright owners and the rights of the public
Corynne McSherry
EEF
Music 'goblins' in copyright war Specialist music shops often sell promo albums or review copies that record labels send out to journalists and radio stations before the regular editions go on sale. Record companies have long maintained that they continue to own these items and can ask for them back at any time. They can be recognised by markings such as "For promotional use only" or "Not for resale", visible on the record or CD artwork and sometimes on the disc label itself. But the judge said that such labelling did not alter the legal position. The digital rights lobby group, the Electronic Frontier Foundation, which backed Mr Augusto said it was a "very important ruling for consumers". "This ruling affirms and protects the traditional balance between the copyright owners and the rights of the public," said the EEF's Corynne McSherry. Among the promotional items listed as sold by Mr Augusto, according to the legal brief, are titles of CD singles by Nelly Furtado and rap group Bone Thugs-N-Harmony. The IFPI, which represents the recording industry internationally said that pre-release piracy caused "serious damage to the performers, creators and producers of music". "People who have access to pre-release music by virtue of their job, and who sell or distribute it illegally, should note that record companies large and small are taking a zero tolerance approach to such activity," sad the IFPI's chief executive John Kennedy.
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these?
2 of 3
London Fletcher doesn't have the interception or sack totals that jump off of a page at you, but they have been one of the most productive defensive players in the league since the turn of the century.
Before the start of last season, London Fletcher had the most tackles in the NFL since 2000, besting Ray Lewis by 195. After the 2011 season, Fletcher extended that lead to 266.
Lewis, the same age as Fletcher even though they broke into the league two years earlier, has only played in a full 16 game season eight times in their career. Fletcher has played a full season 12 out of 14 seasons in the league.
Let's take a closer look at their career stats side-by-side from NFL.com:
Combined Tackles Solo Tackles Assits Sack INT FF London Fletcher 1,546 1,056 490 34 18 17 Ray Lewis 1,279 928 351 40.5 31 16
While tackles weren't officially a recorded stat until 2001, it's clear that throughout their career, London Fletcher has been a tackling machine. What is also clear is that they never played on a defensive powerhouse like Ray Lewis has.
The Baltimore Ravens have been an elite defense for over a decade now. While they've had some years less productive than others, every team goes up against the Ravens game planning against their great defense.
Early in their career, Fletcher and their Rams' defensive squad played second fiddle to the greatest show on turf. From 2002-2006, Fletcher suffered an ailment that will soon undermine Mario Williams and that is having to play for the Buffalo Bills.
Fletcher would have to wait until their time in DC to be officially recognized for their playing abilities by selection to the Pro Bowl.
'What ifs' will never get any player into the Hall of Fame, but just imagine how productive Fletcher could have been if they had the same supporting cast Ray Lewis has enjoyed over their storied career.
The administration is preparing sanctions against Chinese firms and individuals over cyberespionage. Chinese president Xi Jinping is arriving in Washington for a state visit next month. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci) (Evan Vucci/AP)
The Obama administration is developing a package of unprecedented economic sanctions against Chinese companies and individuals who have benefited from their government's cybertheft of valuable U.S. trade secrets.
The U.S. government has not yet decided whether to issue these sanctions, but a final call is expected soon — perhaps even within the next two weeks, according to several administration officials, who spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss internal deliberations.
Issuing sanctions would represent a significant expansion in the administration's public response to the rising wave of ­cyber-economic espionage initiated by Chinese hackers, who officials say have stolen everything from nuclear power plant designs to search engine source code to confidential negotiating positions of energy companies.
Any action would also come at a particularly sensitive moment between the world's two biggest economies. President Xi Jinping of China is due to arrive next month in Washington for their first state visit — complete with a 21-gun salute on the South Lawn of the White House and an elaborate State Dinner. There is already tension over a host of other issues, including maritime skirmishes in the South China Sea and China's efforts to devalue its currency in the face of its recent stock market plunge. At the same time, the two countries have deep trade ties and the administration has sometimes been wary of seeming too tough on China.
[Scott Walker: Obama should show ‘some backbone' by canceling Chinese visit]
But the possibility of sanctions so close to Xi's visit indicates how frustrated U.S. officials have become over the persistent cyber plundering.
The sanctions would mark the first use of an order signed by President Obama in April establishing the authority to freeze financial and property assets of, and bar commercial transactions with, individuals and entities overseas who engage in destructive attacks or commercial espionage in cyberspace.
The White House declined to comment on specific sanctions, but a senior administration official, speaking generally, said: “As the president said when signing the executive order enabling the use of economic sanctions against malicious cyber actors, the administration is pursuing a comprehensive strategy to confront such actors. That strategy includes diplomatic engagement, trade policy tools, law enforcement mechanisms, and imposing sanctions on individuals or entities that engage in certain significant, malicious cyber-enabled activities. The administration has taken and continues to introduce steps to protect our networks and our citizens in cyberspace, and we are assessing all of our options to respond to these threats in a manner and timeframe of our choosing.”
China is not the only country that hacks computer networks for trade secrets to aid its economy, but it is by far the most active, officials say. Just last month, the FBI said that economic espionage cases surged 53 percent in the past year, and that China accounted for most of that.
The expected sanctions move will send two signals, a second administration official said. “It sends a signal to Beijing that the administration is going to start fighting back on economic espionage, and it sends a signal to the private sector that we're on your team. It tells China, enough is enough.”
The sanctions would be a second major shot at China on the issue. In May 2014, the Obama administration secured indictments on economic spying charges against five Chinese military members for hacking into the computer systems of major U.S. steel and other firms.
“The indictments were a strong move,” said Rob Knake, a former White House cyber official and currently a senior fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations. “This is going to be an even stronger move. It's really going to put China in the position of having to choose whether they want to be this pariah nation — this kleptocracy — or whether they want to be one of the leading nations in the world.”
Some officials within the government urged caution, arguing that sanctions would only create unnecessary friction. But everyone is on the same page now, officials said.
[In a world of cybertheft, U.S. names China, Russia as main culprits]
“Let's be honest, I can see the White House saying, ‘Let's not do [sanctions] while the head of state is here,” one administration official said. “I can see maybe they'd shift the timing by a few days . . . but I can't imagine they'd shift the overall decision.”
In particular, officials from national security agencies, as well as at Treasury, which is the lead agency on economic sanctions under the executive order, have been eager to push ahead. The administration's goal is to impose costs for economic cyberspying. And the best strategy for doing that, officials said, is to use a variety of tools — indictments, sanctions, maybe even covert cyber actions.
Sanctions alone likely will not change China's behavior, some officials said. “Done in tandem with other diplomatic pressure, law enforcement, military, intelligence, then you can actually start to impose costs and indicate that there are costs to the bilateral relationship,” the first official said.
Some experts warn, though, that there are risks attached to imposing sanctions.
If sanctions are imposed, “I'd say the chances of Chinese retaliation are high,” said Jeffrey A. Bader, Obama's principal adviser on Asia from 2009 to 2011. But, they said, “if a Chinese company was a beneficiary of stolen intellectual property from an American company, and the evidence is clear-cut, then actions or sanctions against that Chinese company strike me as appropriate.”
While some officials fear that China might retaliate by discriminating against U.S. companies or freezing them out of contracts or markets, other officials counter that China has long discriminated against foreign companies, including U.S. firms, restricting access and procurement opportunities to create protected markets for domestic companies and instituting polices that require companies to turn over technology and intellectual property as a condition of doing business there.
The executive order authorizes the Treasury secretary, in consultation with the attorney general and secretary of state, to impose the sanctions on companies, individuals or entities that have harmed national security, or the nation's economy or foreign policy. It's not clear how many firms or individuals will be targeted, though one official said the Chinese firms would be large and multinational. Their activity must meet one of four “harms”: attacking critical infrastructure, such as a power grid; disrupting major computer networks; stealing intellectual property or trade secrets; or benefiting from the stolen secrets and property.
It is that last prong, in particular, that has the potential to be quite effective, sanctions experts say. “Obviously, there's no silver bullet,” said Zachary Goldman, a former policy adviser at the Treasury Department's Office of Terrorism and Financial Intelligence and now executive director of New York University's Center on Law and Security. But if the sanctioned companies are large and global, “they will effectively be put out of business.”
In practice, they said, most significant financial institutions refuse to do business with individuals who have been sanctioned by the United States. “So any company that's been targeted under this authority,” they said, “will likely find it very difficult to participate in the international financial sector.”
The designations are being drawn up by a number of agencies, including the Treasury and Justice departments, the White House and the intelligence community. Evidence that the Justice Department has assembled over the past year or so in preparing possible indictments for economic espionage against Chinese companies and individuals is being used in support of the designations, officials said.
Sanctions provide government officials a greater ability to protect classified sources and evidence than a criminal prosecution might. But, analysts point out, there likely will be significant pressure on the administration to release as much evidence as possible to back up its designations to convince skeptics.
It is possible, some officials said, that entities or individuals from other countries besides China could be included in the sanctions package.
The sanctions would not be imposed in retaliation for China's hacks of the Office of Personnel Management databases, which compromised the personal and financial data of more than 22 million current and former government employees and family members. The data heists, which took place last year but were discovered this year, were judged as having been carried out for traditional intelligence purposes — not to benefit Chinese industry.
[What to do if you are a federal worker and your info was stolen]
Nonetheless, the severity of the OPM incidents helped convince wavering officials that firm action in the economic spying realm was warranted.
The U.S. government's response to the personnel data hacks has been much more muted. Rather than a public naming and shaming, it is considering covert cyber action. Officials have hinted at this, saying they may be taking steps that are not public.
The administration plans to raise the issue of China's behavior in cyberspace at the upcoming Obama-Xi summit, just as it has done at every major bilateral meeting. Cybersecurity is one of the top policy issues in the relationship, and also among the thorniest.
Ruan Zongze, a former Chinese Embassy official in Washington, said in a recent interview that separating economic from political espionage in cyberspace is “impossible.” They said: “It's really difficult to tell one from the other.”
Ruan, vice president for the China Institute of International Studies, a think tank affiliated with the Chinese Foreign Ministry, said the two sides should talk about this. “Finger-pointing,” they said, “is not the best way.”
The relationship between China and the United States is large and complex. “There are going to be areas where we have cooperation and disagreement all at the same time,” the first U.S. official said. “That's just the reality of the relationship. The economic espionage and cybersecurity issues are going to continue to be a major irritant to the bilateral relationship.”
David Nakamura, Steven Mufson and Alice Crites contributed to this report.
Abortion-rights advocates and some university officials say the House investigation into how some of the nation's most prestigious universities acquire fetal tissue threatens to endanger the lives of scientists, doctors and their employees.
WASHINGTON — A special House committee empaneled to investigate fetal-tissue research is preparing to issue 17 subpoenas to medical-supply companies and laboratories, seeking the names of researchers, graduate students, laboratory technicians and administrative personnel — and prompting charges of intimidation.
Abortion-rights advocates and some university officials say the House investigation into how some of the nation's most prestigious universities acquire fetal tissue threatens to endanger the lives of scientists, doctors and their employees. The new subpoenas will escalate a battle that some researchers fear could shut down studies seeking cures for Parkinson's disease, the Zika virus and other illnesses.
Rep. Marsha Blackburn, R-Tenn., who opposes most fetal-tissue research because of its association with abortion, intends to issue the subpoenas on behalf of the Republicans on the House Select Investigative Panel on Infant Lives. The panel was created to investigate fetal-tissue research after the release of surreptitiously recorded videos purporting to show Planned Parenthood officials trying to profit illegally from the sale of such tissue.
Twenty states have cleared Planned Parenthood or decided not to investigate; few affiliates nationwide were engaged in fetal-tissue transfers. The videographers were indicted in Texas. On Thursday, a federal suit by Planned Parenthood and its California affiliates alleging fraud, illegal recording, trespassing and invasion of privacy was broadened, joined by affiliates in Colorado, Texas and Louisiana that were implicated in the videos.
But the House investigation spurred by the videos continues.
“We are going to review the business practices of these procurement organizations and do some investigating of how they have constructed a for-profit business model from selling baby body parts,” Blackburn said.
Federal law forbids profiting from the sale of human organs or tissue.
For universities, the House investigation has become unsettling. University officials fear the release of the names sought by lawmakers could endanger lives if anti-abortion activists decide to target those involved in fetal-tissue research.
On Nov. 27, Robert Dear Jr. killed three people and wounded nine at a Planned Parenthood clinic in Colorado Springs, Colo., and later said they were guilty in court and has called themselves “a warrior for the babies.” After their arrest, they reportedly said, “No more baby parts.”
Many of the universities and organizations blacked out names and other identifying information before submitting hundreds of pages of research documents in response to the committee's earlier requests for information. “UCSD has redacted individually identifying information from the enclosed documents,” the University of California, San Diego, stated in its cover letter, citing security concerns.
But those redactions frustrated committee investigators and prompted the subpoenas.
Democrats on the House panel called the effort intimidation.
“It's one step further than McCarthyism, because McCarthy just threatened people's jobs,” said Rep. Jerrold Nadler, D-N.Y. “They're threatening people's lives.”
NARAL, the abortion-rights lobby, went further.
“If heaven forbid an act of violence does occur as a result of this list being compiled, the chair of this committee and their GOP colleagues will be complicit in that violence,” the group's president, Ilyse Hogue, said Thursday.
House Republicans have tried and failed to cut off all federal funding for Planned Parenthood, but their investigation is having an effect. Some medical studies have been delayed or canceled because researchers can no longer acquire fetal-tissue samples from their usual suppliers, who have grown concerned about the investigation, researchers said.
Larry Goldstein, scientific director of the Sanford Consortium for Regenerative Medicine in La Jolla, Calif., told the committee at its first hearing March 2 that a project to cure multiple sclerosis had been halted because it had “basically seen supply of fetal material dry up completely.”
Brigham and Women's Hospital in Boston, a teaching hospital for Harvard Medical School, no longer accepts applications from researchers seeking fetal tissue from abortions performed there. Hospital officials took a week to explain the halt, which they eventually said was unrelated to the House investigation. But, citing past violence, Brigham and Women's officials asked when The New York Times would publish this article so they could put additional security in place.
Blackburn said intimidation was not intended.
“We all are concerned for individual safety,” Blackburn said. “It's important to note that we have to have the names of some of the individuals who are carrying out these practices in order to investigate the practice.”
Tissue and organ harvesting can seem a gruesome business to laypeople, and some of the documents and emails unearthed by the committee paint a chilling portrait of its humdrum nature.
In an email exchange between a researcher and an abortion-clinic technician, the researcher placed an order for a fetus with an intact skull. The technician replied that an abortion then under way could suffice.
“The calvarium is mostly intact, with a tear up the back suture line, but all pieces look to be there,” the technician wrote in an email dated Jan. 22, 2015.
Committee investigators say they have uncovered evidence of possible illegal profiteering, questionable consent forms and inappropriate collusion between scientists seeking fetal tissue and abortion providers.
Medical-school officials described the investigation as a “witch hunt” that could halt research on a variety of illnesses.
“We've been trying to educate policymakers about why this research is needed and why it can't be replicated in other ways,” said David Moore, senior director of government relations at the Association of American Medical Colleges, which sent a letter citing “grave concerns” about laws restricting fetal-tissue research, signed by more than 50 medical schools and societies.
The American Academy of Pediatrics sent a letter to Blackburn noting that vaccines for chickenpox, hepatitis A, polio, rabies and rubella are all grown in cells derived from fetal tissue.
Republicans have proposed several bills to ban or severely restrict fetal-tissue research.
Who is your favourite mapper? (you can choose more than one person!)
Wähle eine oder mehrere Antworten:
Skystar (aka. Amamiya Yuko) RLC (aka. xlni) Monstrata (aka. monstrata) Blue Dragon pishifat Fycho Bearizm happy30 jonathanlfj sukiNathan VINXIS (aka. Mishima Yurara) Lasse Sotarks Xexxar xxdeathx pkk pkhg Doormat handsome deetz Strategas [ -Scarlet- ] Mazzerin Gero Lan wings Natsu Euny Hollow Wings Atsuro Nerova Riuz GX N a s y a Meg (aka. iMage) Midge Naitoshi Shiirn EphemeralFetish (aka. The Fetish) Raikozen 09kami Lesjuh Jenny ProfessionalBox toybot byfar winber1 Rohit6 -kevincela- Azer HelloSCV Andrea (aka. osuplayer111) val0108 Guy Awaken Satellite Axarious moph lahphnya (aka. Arles) Kite Laurier Secretpipe Yoges Regraz BarkingMadDog (aka. BMD) Sing Len Aiceo FCL Broccoly AtHeoN fanzhen0019 iyasine Charles445 captin1 Irreversible Fort Flower sionKotori Lavender Priti Bonzi _wa LKs Regou Nakagawa-Kanon Shiro Saten (aka. Saten-san) Ascendance Zapy caren_sk Silynn HanzeR Akali SnowNiNo_ (he also made those rabbit jumping maps) grumd Starrodkirby86 Nhawak Kyshiro Sonnyc sahuang Spaghetti rrtyui Asphyxia Asahina Momoko Fizz Smoothie World -Tochi ktgster Kroytz Crystal Gamu Cherry Blossom Fast EvilElvisV2 (aka. EvilElvis) Esti Kloyd alacat Dailycare galvenize Liiraye Nemis Moway Urushi38 neonat La Cataline cRyo[iceeicee] Taeyang Kyshiro Kibbleru 11t FrostxE (aka. Frostmourne) tutuhaha NatsumeRin tsuka Damnae Rizia James DJPop Amai Chocolate Louis Cyphre P o M u T a CXu Rolled Larto tieff FaiVillager Settia eLy Sieg Depths Leaf IcePagoda HolyCOW Other (please specify in comments)
ISLAMABAD/KARACHI, Pakistan (Reuters) - Bashiran Bibi and their husband fought everyday because money was too tight. Their hungry children's screams tormented them They began begging in Pakistan's streets. But that didn't help.
A man covers themselves with a piece of cloth to keep warm as they sit along a road in Lahore January 16, 2012. REUTERS/Mohsin Raza
So the maid, 25, decided there was only one way to deal with crushing poverty. They jumped in front of a speeding train with their two sons and daughter, all under the age of 3.
“Bashiran told me the night before that it would be better for everyone if they all died,” said their mother-in-law, Barkat.
Pakistanis react to widespread hardship in many ways. Some head abroad looking for jobs. Others are drawn to militant groups seeking to topple the state.
In the ten months to October of 2011, about 1,600 people decided that suicide was the only option, according to the Human Rights Commission of Pakistan. The previous year 2,399 people killed themselves and poverty was a significant factor, but a precise breakup was not available, the commission said.
Suicide linked to poverty is not unique to Pakistan.
Since the mid-1990s, an estimated 150,000 small farmers have committed suicide in neighboring India, mostly over debts, according to the Center for Human Rights and Global Justice at New York University.
But Pakistan has nowhere near the economic power that India does, so tackling social ills could be more difficult here.
Growing economic pressures could push the suicide figure even higher in the South Asian nation where over one in five people live below the international poverty line of $1 a day.
Critics say alleviating poverty has never been a priority. In the 2011-12 budget, Pakistan's government allocated 0.04 percent of spending for social protection schemes. By comparison, just over 17.8 percent went to defense, though some experts put the figure at 26 percent.
Shahnaz Wazir Ali, special assistant to the prime minister on social affairs, argues Pakistan has made enormous efforts to eradicate poverty including monthly cash grants to poor families headed by women. “The government has led a very targeted and focused approach,” they said.
People like Talib Hussain, 45, didn't seem to benefit.
They borrowed money to start a livestock business but it folded. One creditor after another threatened to call the police if they didn't pay up.
“POVERTY TOOK MY FATHER AWAY”
When the pressure became unbearable, they walked out of their thatch-roofed mud hut house early one morning, wrapped their turban around their neck and hung themselves from a tree.
“Poverty took my father away. If someone had helped us maybe they would still be with us today,” said their weeping, 16-year-old son Riaz Hussain, who scratches out a living selling dried fruits and nuts from a stall.
“We didn't even know who to ask.”
Those who can't bring themselves to commit suicide or infanticide, and still can't find ways to provide for their children, sometimes abandon them.
The Edhi Foundation, the largest private provider of social services in Pakistan, says last year it rescued 110 such babies.
Outside orphanages, the organization leaves cots with signs above them which read “Do not kill your children, leave them here and we will care for them.”
Part of the problem is Pakistani leaders are often too consumed by power struggles or tussles with the Supreme Court and powerful military to address social ills.
Prime Minister Yusuf Raza Gilani was indicted by the Supreme Court on Monday for failing to ask Swiss authorities to re-open corruption cases against President Asif Ali Zardari.
Before that rumors of a coup gripped the country of 180 million people for months.
“My central thesis on this is nobody gives a damn. The political parties don't care,” said Tahira Abdullah, a socio-economic development worker and human rights activist.
“There is an intense struggle for power now in Pakistan ... They all have noble-sounding intentions but the road to hell is paved with good intentions.”
Fresh political uncertainty has again left many Pakistanis wondering when their leaders will ever offer relief.
High prices for staple foods are squeezing millions. Pakistan's consumer price index rose 10.10 percent year-on-year in January, slightly more than projected. Analysts said they expect it to rise further in coming months.
Pakistan needs to take immediate measures to stabilize growing budget pressures and to raise interest rates to contain rising inflation, the International Monetary Fund warned.
The government has failed to implement politically-sensitive reforms such as cutting subsidies and widening the tax base to create a stronger economy in the long-term.
Until that happens, Pakistan may see more cases like Sher Mohammed's.  They are sitting in a jail in Pakistan's biggest city Karachi on charges of murder.
Piling debts made it impossible for the milk vendor to take care of their six children, half of them disabled. So they gave their three daughters sleeping pills and drowned them in a water tank used by their cows, police say.
Slideshow (2 Images)
Their wife, Aasia, is now struggling to sell milk and has taken on the crippling interest payments.
“He never told me exactly how much they owed. But it was probably hundreds of thousands of rupees (several thousand dollars),” they said, speaking inside a two-room cement home.
“My life has become an even bigger hell. I cry for my dead children and then I struggle to feed the ones that are alive.”
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention announced an investigation Tuesday into an ongoing outbreak of a rare subtype of Salmonella enterica linked to exposure to pet turtles.
So far, the outbreak involves 37 cases of Salmonella enterica serovar Agbenia infections across 13 states, which led to 16 people being hospitalized. Overall, 12 of the sickened people are children aged five or younger, an age group particularly vulnerable to the bacteria. No deaths have been reported.
With lab testing and epidemiological data, the CDC linked the outbreak to exposure to pet turtles or their habitats. The charmingly slow, half-shelled reptiles are known carriers of Salmonella. When infections jump to humans, they can cause diarrhea, fever, stomach pain, nausea, vomiting, headache, and urinary tract infections. Young children, the elderly, and those with compromised immune systems are particularly vulnerable. For these reasons, the CDC has warned of the dangers of owning pet turtles, particularly tiny ones that children like to handle, snuggle, and—in some cases—pop into their mouths.
In 1975, the Food and Drug Administration banned the sale of turtles with a shell less than four inches long. The CDC estimates that the ban averts 100,000 cases of Salmonella infections—salmonellosis—each year in US children.
Turtle power
But all turtles risk shedding Salmonella, which they naturally carry without showing any symptoms or signs of carriage. Even turtles that have tested negative in the past may still possess the bacteria and spread it later. The CDC estimates that turtles and other reptiles cause 74,000 cases of salmonellosis each year in the US.
Between January 2015 and April 2016, there were four outbreaks of salmonellosis in the US linked to pet turtles, sickening 133 in 26 states. There were no deaths in those outbreaks, but that's not always the case. For instance, in 2007, a four-week-old baby in Florida died of salmonellosis directly linked to a small turtle.
The Salmonella subtype linked in this case is the rare Salmonella Agbenia. It was isolated in the 1950s from the stool sample of a Nigerian child named Agbenia, who was suffering from diarrhea. Since then it has popped up sparingly in case reports and outbreaks around the world. Notably, in June of 2011, it caused a small eight-person outbreak, mostly among guests at a wedding. No specific source of the infection was ever identified and food at the wedding was ruled out. Prior to that, there had only been eight cases in the whole of Canada between 2000 and 2010.
To avoid catching such an infection from a pet turtle or other reptile, health experts say to remember that they're cute but contaminated. Experts suggest washing hands and surfaces promptly after playing with a turtle and keeping them away from high-risk individuals, such as young kids or those with compromised immune systems.
“Even if a small turtle doesn't look sick, it may still carry Salmonella that could make young children sick. And unfortunately, children will unknowingly infect themselves,” Vic Boddie II, a consumer safety officer in the FDA's Center for Veterinary Medicine, said in a safety announcement. “Kids have the tendency to put the small turtles in their mouths or play in the turtle habitat and then put their fingers in their mouths. Also, reptile habitats are sometimes cleaned in the kitchen sink, which could cross-contaminate food and eating utensils, thus posing a serious risk to both kids and the elderly.”
The bacteria can survive for a long time on contaminated surfaces, the FDA warns, so cleaning up afterward is “extremely important.”
Get the biggest Weekly Politics stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Muslim MP has criticised a group for inviting a Trojan-Horse linked former school governor to talk at a secular education debate - despite them being banned from running schools.
Tahir Alam, 48, became the first person to be barred by the Government for “undermining British values” and failing to show tolerance to those of different faiths.
They were named in an anonymous letter in 2014 detailing ‘ Operation Trojan Horse ' - an alleged plot by hardline Muslims to Islamise non-faith schools .
The letter sparked several investigations and saw Ofsted plunge five city schools into special measures.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Mr Alam, from Small Heath, quit their role in 2014 as chair of governors at the former Park View Educational Trust, which ran Nansen Primary, and the former Park View and Golden Hillock schools.
The Department for Education (DfE) banned them from any involvement with schools, but last October they told the Birmingham Mail they were determined to remain working in education.
Mr Alam has now been invited to be a key speaker at a University of Birmingham student debate over whether education should be secular.
Organised by the Birmingham Humanists, in co-operation with the university's Atheist and Secular Humanist Society, they will be there as part of their role as chairperson of the Muslim Parents Association (MPA).
The DfE said the talk did not flout their ban, stating: “Tahir Alam is only prohibited from managing or governing schools.”
But Perry Beaches MP Khalid Mahmood criticised those behind the event for “giving them a platform to spout their ideologies”.
The Labour MP said: “With the record they have had and in light of the ban they have been given that it is irresponsible to give them this kind of opportunity.
“He is hardly a role model for education and they should have no real recognition in serious education discussion,
“This will, and rightly should, isolate them from being part of any future discussion about how we should shape education in this country.”
The Birmingham Humanists website describe Mr Alam as a “pariah figure” who would be explaining “how the needs of British Muslims should be accommodated” during the debate at the Edgbaston campus.
Its chairperson Adrian Bailey said: “We followed the Trojan Horse scandal very closely and now we would like to hear from the horse's mouth about how they justify what they were doing.
“As humanists, we're in favour of a secular education system, where children are able to learn about the world without indoctrination and without people ‘protecting' them from certain influences or cultures.
“But, at the same time, we appreciate that there are a wide range of views among different people and cultures in the city, so we need to find a compromise.”
Mr Alam who vehemently denies the Trojan Horse allegations, said they planned on staging a series of public talks about Islam in education. “The ban from the DfE does not ban me from talking about education and i plan on doing that a lot on a very grand scale,” they said.
A University of Birmingham spokesperson said: “Universities have a duty to promote free speech and open debate on key policy issues and this event, organised by our Guild of Students, involves a discussion between panellists representing a broad range of diverse views.
“Universities are plural societies that are home to differences of opinion, beliefs and perspectives.”
A Muslim teenager from New Jersey was accepted to the prestigious Stanford University after they wrote “#BlackLivesMatter” a hundred times on their college application.
Ziad Ahmed, a senior who attends the $34,600 a year private Princeton Day School, posted their acceptance letter--and the essay that helped get them accepted--on Twitter. The tweet shows that when they were prompted to answer the question, “What matters to you, and why?” Ahmed simply wrote the hashtag “#BlackLivesMatter” one hundred times.
In their acceptance letter, Stanford emphasized how the university loved the “passion, determination, accomplishments and heart” shown in Ahmed's application. They also said they will be joining a “diverse, joyful, and welcoming campus community with a shared determination to make our world better” if they choose to attend Stanford.
In an interview with Mic, Ahmed said, “I was actually stunned when I opened the update and saw that I was admitted.”
“I didn't think I would get admitted to Stanford at all, but it's quite refreshing to see that they view my unapologetic activism as an asset rather than a liability,” they added.
Ahmed said they included a reference to Black Lives Matter because they feel “unapologetic progressivism is a central part of my identity, and I wanted that to be represented adequately in my application.”
“To me, to be Muslim is to be a BLM ally, and I honestly can't imagine it being any other way for me," Ahmed explained. “Furthermore, it's critical to realize that one-fourth to one-third of the Muslim community in America are black ... and to separate justice for Muslims from justices for the black community is to erase the realities of the plurality of our community.”
Ahmed's Twitter profile includes more of their activism and political leanings. On their Twitter page, Ahmed has a profile photo with former Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, a background photo with former President Obama, a photo with Women's March organizer and terrorist sympathizer Linda Sarsour, and a photo with Teen Vogue writer Lauren Duca, who famously said President Trump is “gaslighting America” and defended Ivanka Trump being harassed.
Although Ahmed's application mentioned their support for Black Lives Matter, acording to the College Board website, Stanford is 36 percent white, 21 percent Asian, 16 percent Hispanic or Latino, 10 percent two or more races, 9 percent non-resident alien, but only 6 percent black or African American.
For a student living on campus at Stanford, the College Board estimates the total cost of attendance is $67,291.
Mic reports Ahmed has also been accepted to Yale University and Princeton University and is interested in studying international relations, science, economics, and race and ethnicity studies. In 2016, Ahmed won the Princeton Prize in Race Relations.
Thank you for supporting MRCTV! As a tax-deductible, charitable organization, we rely on the support of our readers to keep us running! Keep MRCTV going with your gift here!
Explore this site if you're looking for the world's best resource on the hardest cycling climbs in the world. Experience the most thorough and amazing search for cyclists. Navigate to climb by name, state, region, country, or climbing area.
PJAMM's first adventure in 2018 was to Hawaii to document 7 climbs (5 USA top 10s) in 7 days on Maui and the Big Island. Check out our adventure page to see how we fared against some of the hardest climbs in the world.
See where we are, the routes we're climbing and the beautiful scenery we see along the way.
BELOW - Browse cycling climbs by name, state, region, country or area. We've cataloged the top climbs , the toughest climbs , and the most spectacular . You can find climbs listed by hardest (fiets), by elevation gained, the highest peak, the longest distance, and steepest grade.
Prepare for the Hardest Cycling Climbs in the World
The allure of the world's toughest bike climbs is that they require unmatched physical and mental fortitude. Professional cyclists (and amateurs) are always on the lookout for legendary roads and mountains around the world, most known for their challenge, difficulty, and the sheer exhilarating experience. From the peaks of the Alps to the deserts of California, we have collected detailed information on the most challenging bike climbs in the world.
The resources for cyclists don't stop there. Want to read about cycling? Use our book list. Want to chronicle your own tour? Check out the adventure tab where the world is invited to track your progress with live stats documenting distance, elevation gained, and route completion information. Need more info before choosing your next trip? Use the interactive map and tracking.
The blog is the heart and soul of our team's personal experience of our climbs and their surrounding areas.
There's so much to see here
On the PJAMM passion site you can browse:
1,100+ climbs around the world and counting climbs around the world and counting 35,000+ photos of bike climbing scenery 35,000+ photos of bike climbing scenery Climb Pages for the most popular bike climbing books Climb Pages for the most popular bike climbing books
Search for Climbs
Above you can search 1,100+ of the toughest climbs in the world. Filter search by fiets score, distance, average gradient, and elevation to find the next brutal ascent to conquer.
Once you have found your next challenge, visit the climb page to view route info, street views, photo galleries, and a complete route summary written by our team - a team who has lived the experience of biking these tough trails.
Here's an introduction to the top 10 cycling spots in the world. Keep scrolling for an interactive map of the top 100 bike routes worldwide.
Top 10 climbs
#1 - Mauna Kea - Hawaii, USA Distance: 42.6 mi | Elev. Gained: 13,863 ft | Peak Elev.: 13,842 ft | Avg. Grade: 6.1% With the highest Fiets Index in the world, Mauna Kea is a colossal, nearly impossible ascent. While the climb itself is intimidating, cyclists must be mentally and physically prepared for dynamic weather conditions, altitude sickness, and varying terrain on one of the longest climbs in the world. - click to view page -
#2 - Wuling Pass North - Taiwan Distance: 15.4 mi | Elev. Gained: 8,282 ft | Peak Elev.: 11,176 ft | Avg. Grade: 9.9% The greatest climb in all of Asia - one approach offers the second longest bike climb in the world and another approach is the second most difficult cycling route on earth. - click to view page -
#3 - La Muerte - Ecuador Distance: 45.1 mi | Elev. Gained: 14,670 ft | Peak Elev.: 13,595 ft | Avg. Grade: 5.4% - click to view page -
#4 - Scanuppia - Italy Distance: 4.5 mi | Elev. Gained: 4,196 ft | Peak Elev.: 4,865 ft | Avg. Grade: 17.8% Even the fittest cyclist will struggle to conquer the steepest climb in Europe. Located in the Italian Alps, this merciless ascent also offers one of the most scenic bike climbs in the world. - click to view page -
#5 - Death Road - Bolivia Distance: 38.7 mi | Elev. Gained: 11,640 ft | Peak Elev.: 15,204 ft | Avg. Grade: 5.5% Coming in at #5 is our personal most epic bike climb in the world. An extremely hazardous road along precarious cliffs, Death Road cuts through a lush jungle landscape making for an extraordinary cycling experience. - click to view page -
#6 - Alpe Fuori - Italy Distance: 7.3 mi | Elev. Gained: 5,209 ft | Peak Elev.: 6,139 ft | Avg. Grade: 13.7% Bring your climbing legs and a gravel bike to overcome one of the toughest climbs on the planet. Located in the Pennine Alps, Alpe Fuori is one of the most scenic bike rides in Italy. - click to view page -
#7 - Pico de Veleta - Spain Distance: 19.4 mi | Elev. Gained: 7,819 ft | Peak Elev.: 10,975 ft | Avg. Grade: 7.6% Spain's most difficult bike ride comes in at #7 on our list. Traveling along the highest paved road in Europe makes Pico de Veleta the highest cycling climb on the continent and a bucket list climb for any cyclist. - click to view page -
#8 - Rila - Bulgaria Distance: 9.4 mi | Elev. Gained: 5,591 ft | Peak Elev.: 8,310 ft | Avg. Grade: 11.2% The climb is hard, steep, and the surface is challenging. The changing scenery as you go up is beautiful, the Rila mountains are stunning. This climb is a rewarding experience that we highly recommend if you enjoy a healthy dose of suffering on a bike. - click to view page -
#9 - Breithorn - Switzerland Distance: 8.5 mi | Elev. Gained: 5,279 ft | Peak Elev.: 8,083 ft | Avg. Grade: 11.6% This climb gets its name from Breithorn Mountain, Switzerland. As one may expect from a top world climb, this one is brutal at a mere 13.7 km but gaining an unbelievable 1,700 m with one kilometer segment at 18.3%! - click to view page -
#10 - Mount Etna - Italy Distance: 26.1 mi | Elev. Gained: 8,992 ft | Peak Elev.: 9,180 ft | Avg. Grade: 6.5% Mount Etna is one of the hardest, most challenging and difficult bike climbs in Italy and the World. This climb goes up an active volcano and the scenery provides an otherworldly feeling. - click to view page -
What we love about cycling - A dose of inspiration
Why do you cycle? There are too many great reasons to explore cycling for sport and hobby. Once you learn to ride a bike, you never forget. Anyone can do it and yet cycling is an amazing challenge no matter what the level of athleticism or skill. Cycling is a sport that can be enjoyed even in advanced age. It's super healthy, yet gentle on the body and incredibly social. It's a great excuse for travel and allows you to eat extra calories too! Cycling lets you interact with the scenery and can take you farther than you ever planned to go. It's as rewarding, inexpensive, and practical as you want it to be. That's our story. What's yours?
#1 Mauna Kea HI, USA
42.6 mi / 13,863 ft - gained / 6.1 % View Climb Page 1. Mauna Kea 2. Wuling Pass North 3. La Muerte 4. Scanuppia 5. Death Road 6. Alpe Fuori 7. Pico de Veleta 8. Rila 9. Breithorn 10. Mount Etna Next 10 7s Slideshow - Top Climbs: World World View Detailed Page
What is PJAMM?
PJAMM Cycling is the passion project of PJAMM Law firm. We would like to create and have available to all cyclists a reliable, trustworthy, and accurate website that lists and describes the world's top cycling climbs. Providing resources for the cycling enthusiast is our mission. Not only have we visited many of the climbs detailed on this site, we are also very active in our local cycling community, assisting and representing the Sonoma County Bicycle Coalition and sponsor with pride our local junior cycling program, Team Swift.
More About PJAMM
Check us out on facebook
Hours after the Arizona Coyotes held a positive town hall where CEO Anthony LeBlanc said ownership had a “good meeting” with Glendale City Council, the organization was blindsided by news the council called a special meeting to vote on prematurely ending a 15-year agreement with the club.
The agreement pays team ownership $15 million per year to run Gila River Arena, which is leased from the city.
“Unbelievable,” one Coyote said. “It never ends.”
Scheduled for Wednesday night (as the Chicago Blackhawks and Tampa Bay Lightning compete in Game 4 of the Stanley Cup Final), the vote tosses a stunning wild card into the team's future.
According to several reports, council is trying to void the deal on an Arizona statute indicating it “may, within three years after its execution, cancel any contract, without penalty or further obligation … if any person significantly involved in initiating, negotiating, securing, drafting or creating the contract … is, at any time while the contract or any extension of the contract is in effect, an employee or agent of any other party to the contract in any capacity … with respect to the subject matter of the contract.”
That would indicate the dispute involves Craig Tindall, who resigned as Glendale's city attorney in February 2013, although there are reports they were kept on retainer until September. According to this Arizona Republic story, Tindall joined the Coyotes as general counsel in August. Lease negotiations began in May.
Maybe — and this is purely a guess — Glendale's politicians are going to think this overlap led to a conflict. Who knows?
What we do know is the Coyotes are going to fight this, and hard.
They released a statement quoting outside counsel Nick Wood as saying, “This is a blatant attempt to renege on a valid contract that was negotiated fairly and in good faith and in compliance with all laws and procedures. In the event the city council initiates any action to revoke, repeal or otherwise rescind the agreement, the Coyotes will immediately take all actions available to them under the law against the City of Glendale.”
Even if the vote goes against the team, you have to believe the battle is just beginning. The Coyotes could decide to go to court, and since I'm still waiting to pass the Arizona Bar Exam, I don't know the case law.
Last month, the Republic reported Glendale expected losses of close to $9 million on Gila River Arena for the fiscal year ending June 30. The team has an “out” clause if it loses $50 million in the first five years of its agreement with the city, but there are still three years to go. This could be a city ploy to renegotiate.
Just when we thought we could forget about this story for awhile, it's been thrown back into the spotlight. Two weeks before the draft and the start of the free-agency period, the timing is terrible.
S.A. man cited after pet monkey bites North Side bank employee
Monkeys have made headlines around the world. And this is the second time a baboon has escaped in San Antonio.
Monkeys have made headlines around the world. And this is the second time a baboon has escaped in San Antonio. Photo: Monkey Blur Photo: Monkey Blur Image 1 of / 20 Caption Close S.A. man cited after pet monkey bites North Side bank employee 1 / 20 Back to Gallery
Animal Care Services has cited and fined a man after their juvenile Macaque monkey bit a female employee of a North Side bank last week.
ACS spokesperson Lisa Norwood said ACS officers removed the animal from a home off Babcock Thursday morning with the aid of veterinary staff from Primarily Primates, a state-approved quarantine facility, located at 26099 Dull Knife Trail off Boerne Stage Road.
Norwood said the man received two citations and faces fines up to $2,000. They will have to pay fees for the monkey, named Louie, undergoing 30 days of quarantine and care from caretakers and a veterinarian. The Macaque will also be tested for rabies and Herpes B, as prescribed by the Metropolitan Health District.
According to witness accounts, the male monkey, under one-year old, was wearing a blue T-shirt, what appeared to be a diaper and was carrying a stuffed animal. They had a harness and leash, but wasn't restrained at the time of the the incident.
Witnesses said after the bite, the man picked up the monkey and left. The owner told authorities that the monkey was a service animal that provided help for a disability.
ACS field supervisor Audra Houghton said the monkey was allowed to interact with people and at the time, was not restrained properly. They said the Americans with Disabilities Act outlines the use of service animals and rights of a person with disabilities. Currently, the definition of a service animal is confined to animals that are individually trained to perform tasks for people with disabilities.
"There are a lot of people who have a real need for a service animal," they said. "It shouldn't be climbing on people, it should be working; a service animal is there to provide things you can't do for yourself."
ACS assistant director Vincent Medley said there's a reason local laws prohibit keeping primates within city limits.
"Exotic animals, like monkeys and other primates, require specialty housing and diets along with experienced, highly educated handlers," they said. "Keeping a Macaque monkey in a private home is not only illegal, it's courting disaster."
NEW YORK — The mystery began with a heart attack, a man with a past, and a bag of money that federal authorities now want to keep.
In August, a retired Teamster from Boston stepped off an Amtrak train in New York City and collapsed on the platform at Pennsylvania Station. As medics tried to revive him, police searched their backpack for identification. Inside, they found the stuff that "Law & Order" episodes are made of: $179,980 in cash, bundled with rubber bands and tucked inside two plastic bags.
That raised some eyebrows. So did the dead man's background.
William P. Coyman, 75, a lifelong resident of Boston's Charlestown section, had a criminal history dating to 1955. Their record included prison time in New Hampshire after they were caught with a pile of cocaine and $20,000 that had just been stolen from a department store.
Coyman's old union, International Brotherhood of Teamsters Local 25, was notorious for its organized crime ties in the 1990s. Years ago, Coyman's name was mentioned in news articles about allegations that union officials were shaking down Hollywood film crews and forcing producers to give cushy film set jobs to gangland hoodlums. He'd worked as a driver on some of the films in question.
Police brought in a drug-sniffing dog, which indicated traces of narcotics in both Coyman's backpack and briefcase, according to a court filing. Investigators contacted one of Coyman's relatives, who said they had been working as a courier for a company called 180 Entertainment and was supposed to have been delivering cash from Boston to Philadelphia when they died.
Agents looked into the company and found that its registered headquarters was a small house in a blue-collar section of Philadelphia, with personal watercraft and two luxury cars parked in the driveway.
All this made the Drug Enforcement Administration very suspicious.
In February, federal prosecutors in New York asked a judge for permission to keep the cash as the suspected proceeds of drug dealing.
Reached by the AP in California, Coyman's son, also named William, declined to speak about the situation, other than to say that the money didn't belong to the family.
"The people connected to that money are probably not good people," they said. "My dad was a great man. But clearly they had a colorful history. ... As a kid growing up, my father was in the newspaper and it was embarrassing. It has been embarrassing my whole life."
Friends and relatives who posted remembrances of Coyman on websites after their death recalled the brighter side of their life, including a fondness for Irish song, loyalty to family and an affinity for the local horse track.
A lawyer from Providence, R.I., has filed court papers claiming the cash on behalf of 180 Entertainment. In the filings, the attorney, Steven D. DiLibero, identified their client as a man named Joseph Burke but didn't explain the company's business or say where the money was headed.
Court records obtained by The Associated Press show that Burke is another longtime Charlestown resident with a colorful past.
In 1988, they were sent to prison for a string of six bank robberies in Florida. At the time, they told FBI agents they had been involved in as many as 18 heists of banks and armored cars, in several states, before being captured in Minnesota.
Prison didn't rob them of their criminal impulses. While still incarcerated, in 1994, Burke was caught in an FBI sting conspiring to distribute 5 kilograms of cocaine in Charlestown with the help of some associates. They had more time tacked on to their sentence and was finally released on a combination of probation and parole in October 2010.
Contacted by The AP, DiLibero said they wouldn't talk about Burke or give any information about the mysterious $180,000.
On April 20, Burke was arrested on an alleged probation violation. Since their release from prison, they had failed a drug test and also had been accused of leaving the country without permission, according to remarks made by lawyers and a judge at an initial hearing on the matter.
Prosecutors involved in Burke's cases in New York and Boston didn't return phone calls. A spokesperson for the DEA declined to comment.
Real estate documents show that the Philadelphia house listed in some records as the headquarters of 180 Entertainment is owned by Anthony Fedele, a former business partner of the late Philadelphia music producer Stephen Epstein. Before their death, Epstein was known for being a close friend and occasional business partner of Joseph "Skinny Joey" Merlino, the onetime boss of the Philadelphia mafia.
The courts have yet to rule on whether the DEA will get to keep the money.
Coincidentally, A&E announced in March that it had teamed up with Boston-born actor Mark Wahlberg to make an unscripted docudrama about Coyman's old union, Teamsters Local 25. The union says it cleaned up its act years ago after top officials were convicted in a series of federal racketeering investigations.
Reports of abuse on shoots have long swirled around the photographer – but only now does a major publisher appear to have banned them from its pages
Kate Upton in a bikini, pulling the bottoms down. A teenage, topless Daisy Lowe kissing their then-boyfriend. Miley Cyrus on a giant wrecking ball, naked but for a pair of Dr Martens. Since the 90s, the photographer Terry Richardson has been known for an almost soft-porn aesthetic, which includes nudity, innuendo and simulated sex acts. One of fashion photography's biggest names, Richardson has photographed Barack Obama, taken pictures for Vogue, Harper's Bazaar and GQ, and directed pop videos for Beyoncé, as well as Cyrus. They even have a nickname – Uncle Terry.
If that sounds creepy, that's because it is. Richardson has been called out by models accusing them of suspect behaviour. It seems they have finally been listened to: Condé Nast International, the publishing company that includes Vogue, GQ and Vanity Fair in its stable, has stopped its magazines from working with them again, not renewing their contract, according to reports. A leaked email from James Woodhouse, the executive vice president, reads: “Condé Nast would like to no longer work with … Terry Richardson.”
The question is why would it take so long for these magazines to distance themselves? Unlike Harvey Weinstein, Richardson's activities have long been public. This story dates back to 2010 when Rie Rasmussen called Richardson out, and others soon followed with graphic descriptions of abuse. Jamie Peck told Jezebel an anecdote about Richardson asking them to take out their tampon so they could play with it. In 2014, Charlotte Waters complained of them licking their bottom and asking them to squeeze their testicles on a shoot. Stylist Anna del Gaizo spoke of them pressing their penis into their face in 2008. Richardson hasn't helped himself, remarking in 2007 “it's not who you know, it's who you blow. I don't have a hole in my jeans for nothing”.
Why have things changed now? It may, of course, be due to the Weinstein effect. Caryn Franklin, the fashion journalist and diversity campaigner, first wrote about Richardson's behaviour in 2013. They think the tipping point comes down to the fact that “we have had several very high-profile predators that have been stopped – Jimmy Savile, Max Clifford, Rolf Harris and Harvey Weinstein.” Like Weinstein, Franklin says Richardson was protected for a long time by other powerful people: “I have had people I respect say to me: ‘But he's a very nice person, you simply don't know him'. I've had them suggest that I am trying to damage their career.” Richardson has always denied abuse.
Franklin is joined by models Cameron Russell and Edie Campbell in their crusade to protect young women in the fashion industry. The duo have been vocal on social media this month, sharing stories of abuse on Instagram with the hashtag #MyJobShouldNotIncludeAbuse. Christy Turlington also came out to say “the fashion industry is surrounded by predators”.
Even before the Richardson news broke, it was announced that New York is introducing the Models Harassment Protection Act, after consultation with the Model Alliance, the organisation led by ex-model Sara Ziff. The intention is that models will now be protected in the photoshoot environment, with brands and magazines liable should harassment occur.
To see this as the death knell of Richardson's career is probably overstating the power of Condé Nast. “People who have spoken out haven't damaged their career,” says Franklin. “He has damaged their career … I categorically am not concerned with whether they can earn their next million.”
• This article was amended on 27 October 2017 because an earlier version referred to an estimate of Richardson's earnings that was not verified.
Since 2012 some 550,000 desperate refugees from the Syrian Civil War have received safe asylum in Jordan thanks to the efforts of various international relief organizations, the financial backing of other Arab nations, and, above all, the Hashemite Kingdom itself. But the compulsion to keep open Jordan's borders, while charitable, repeats for many Jordanians the narrative of oft-warring neighbors inflicting Jordan with the refugees of their wars.
These Jordanians are now wrestling with three questions: (1) how can we host so many refugees (2) when are they leaving, and (3) how do they not further injure Jordan? The emergence of vast new urban refugee centers such as Zaatari, now Jordan's fourth largest city, pose a dangerous threat to the stability of the nascent democratic Hashemite regime. Although the efforts of USAID have been important in providing some backbone to the Jordanian economy, they have proved insufficient. The West must accelerate its plans to bolster King Abdullah and meet the financial requirements created by so many refugees lest it sees another friendly government fall, not to the hands of its own citizens, but to the devastating fallout of Bashar al-Assad's aggression against their own people. Without providing such help, the West could very well be sowing the seeds of even more calamity in the region, this time through its negligence.
The bus from Amman fills quickly with travelers to al-Mafraq, the governorate north of the capital that is the home of Zaatari refugee camp, the 2nd largest refugee camp in the world after the wildly overcrowded Dadaab in Kenya. With only one stop before al-Mafraq, the bus is crammed with those carrying bundles of clothes and food to leave with family and friends that make up some of the roughly 115,000 now living in Zaatari. From al-Mafraq, a short walk leads to a bustling square, full of dusty, hastily-built single-story shops catering to the residents of Zaatari. From there, dozens of buses constantly depart for the camp, passing walled-in enclosures and dozens of roadside produce vendors. The main gate leads to a long road between two dusty fields. This road has seen more than 350,000 refugees trudging along to be registered with the UN High Commission for Refugees ("UNHCR") and enter into the sprawling new "city". This sprawling camp-city-state holds less than a quarter of Jordan's Syrian refugees, but is a success in many ways. The rest have been absorbed in what are called "host communities", simply weaving into Jordan's population, mainly in the cities of Amman, Irbid, Zarqa and Mafraq. These local governments have graciously continued to host these refugees and have become the major administrators for the hundreds of thousands of Syrians living in their communities. These Syrians have found unsteady work throughout the local economy, mainly in manual labor and part time in restaurants. An influx of more than 600,000 souls would be felt anywhere, but in fragile Jordan, the human and financial toll of the Syrian crisis is felt hard throughout the country, and there is now an acute need for additional financial support to Jordan. Failure to understand and address the magnitude of the burden that Jordan bears, could prove to be disastrous.
The threat of ongoing war in Syria is not an external pressure on the Kingdom, the danger of spillover is not that of military intrusion. The danger is from so many new inhabitants living at the expense of Jordan and its citizens. Even the military recruiters for the Free Syrian Army that have had a constant presence in Zaatari do not seek to involve any part of Jordan into the conflict. Nor is there a problem of domestic insurgency. Rather, the numerous costly repercussions of hosting so many refugees represent dozens of daily pinpricks poking at the stability of the Kingdom.
Managing the camps has proven a monumental task. The UN World Food Programme (WFP) has gone a long way towards securing the nutrition needs of Zaatari's residents, providing staple grains as well as cash vouchers that allow for more flexible food choices. These efforts have helped meet the large gap in the financial situation of newly arriving refugees, and with ever-increasing sources of aid and income for refugees, the food security of Zaatari seems to be strengthening.
Since Zaatari first opened in July of 2012, it has seen increased enrollment in schools, availability of medical care and shelter, and with that has come a greater sense of permanence and stability. The violence that rocked the camp last year has cooled. This increasing permanence has lent itself well to a slow dialogue between the aid organizations and the beneficiaries. But the rocks that flew for much of last year and the fortified office buildings remain stark reminders of the dangers that lurk.
The cost of accommodating the swelling number of refugees is staggering. When Zaatari opened its gates, Jordan was host to 40,000 registered refugees and estimated the cost of hosting these victims of the crisis in Syria at roughly $200MM per year. Now, three times that original population lives in Zaatari alone, and the Jordanian government estimates that there are roughly a million refugees residing in the country. The business of Jordan cannot simply continue being the host to so many refugees.
This herculean effort of playing host carries with it a problem Jordan knows all too well, having experienced two inflows of Iraqi refugees in 1990 during the Gulf War, and again in 2003 following the US-led invasion of Iraq. While the wave of refugees from the Gulf War was an affluent group, seen by many as contributing to their hosts with their wealth, the last wave of Iraqis was a drain on the Jordanian economy. Considered as "visitors" to Jordan, and thus unregistered, it is estimated that more than 750,000 Iraqis found shelter in their western neighbor from the onset of war in 2003. Jordan estimates that there are roughly 450,000 Iraqis still living in the country. The government's acceptance of this last batch drew wide criticism and put new strains on many of the programs Jordan provides to its own citizens.
What began as another generous relief effort in 2012, a year that saw 100,000 Syrian refugees enter Jordan, has turned in the eyes of many Jordanians into a fiasco. The most catastrophic estimates for 2013 contingency planning gave the next wave of refugees a figure of 550,000, but that number was reached in early 2013 due to fresh fighting that began in March between the Free Syrian Army and Assad's army in Daraa, on the Jordanian border and led to daily registrations more than 1,000 refugees.
The focus of the international media centered fully on Syria in response to Assad's chemical weapons, but the impact of such an intense year of combat had already been felt in Jordan. Prior to the chemical weapons attacks on the Ghouta suburbs of Damascus on August 21, the number of Syrian refugees under registration with the UNHCR in Jordan passed the 500,000 mark. But Jordan estimates more than 300,000 additional unregistered refugees; thus, the country added some 12 percent to its populace in a year.
These refugees are not all living with their immediate needs provided for in the refugee camps, but are spread out in host communities with widely divergent levels of aid. In addition to Zaatari refugees, there are several thousands more refugees living in smaller camps, such as King Abdullah Park and Cyber City in Irbid. The October, 2013 statistics of the four highest concentrations painting a more complete picture. With 165,000 in Irbid, 157,000 in Amman, 53,000 in Zarqa, and 31,000 in Al-Mafraq, host communities throughout Jordan are becoming, "overrun with refugees."
Coming during a budget deficit and on the heels of economic turmoil, this literal invasion is justly making Jordanians fear for how they will provide for themselves and their families. This was the picture Abu Muhammad painted for me. They had lost their job this summer, one of an increasing number of Jordanians who had long found employment in the unregulated work sector and have lost out to the increasing competition of an estimated 160,000 refugees in the labor market. Although the permits to work legally in Jordan are prohibitively expensive for many refugees, illegal employment has remained a constant and near-insoluble threat to the economic vitality of Jordanian citizens.
This is the situation in Jordan now, but what will that situation entail if, as the UNHCR's 2014 estimates report, another 200,000 refugees enter the country in 2014? This increased strain will be in part met by the new camp in Zarqa, set to operate at a capacity of 80,000 by the end of 2014 with the potential to host over 130,000. But that will not alleviate the financial burden placed on Jordan to provide aid for the numerous refugees living elsewhere in the country.
King Abdullah II, who has taken an active stance in Jordan's role as host to the Syrian refugees, has been a staunch supporter of the United States throughout their reign. The US needs to respond in kind to the recent news of the estimated funding gap for the levels of aid required to provide for the Syrian refugees living throughout Jordan. The UN's appeal to the world for an additional $6.5 billion in funding for the refugee crisis emanating from Syria will hopefully be heard in governments throughout the world. This appeal will help to provide for the millions of people in need of assistance both inside and outside of Syria, particularly in Lebanon and Jordan. With the UN estimating the cost of aid to Syrian refugees in Jordan at $5.3 billion by the end of 2014, the combined effort to provide for the refugees had received roughly 22 percent of the required budget from numerous donor countries by the end of October. The amount of funding required through the next year is indeed a monumental task, but the global community must step up to the task, both to provide for the millions of refugees in dire straits and to shore up Syria's neighbors so that they can continue to provide the aid so desperately needed in the months and possibly years to come.
The announcement last month of IMF approval for the release of a further $261 million of a total $2 billion has alleviated those concerns in some circles, but has been offset by the new fears of subsidy reform. Proposed cuts to the structure of electricity and fuel subsidies, due to the rising costs to the government owned National Electric Power Company, has been particularly worrisome. A condition of the loan, such changes to the subsidy structure were a major impetus for the 2012 protests. Coming at a time when polls indicate a low trust of economic improvement among Jordan's citizenry, there is a fear that these unpopular reforms could provoke more domestic unrest.
Jordan's allies need to take a decisive step in promoting the welfare of the hundreds of thousands of Syrian refugees living in host communities and the Jordanian citizens affected by the crisis. Prolonged aid designed to sustain current levels of support provided by the government will not have the impact of bolstering the government's ability to provide for the needs of its citizens and its new inhabitants. It is a matter of getting ahead, of allowing Jordan to stimulate its own economy, providing its own bulwark against the economic distress this crisis causes its own citizens.
With the uncertainty surrounding Syria, it is a major challenge to Jordan to plan for how long it will host its refugees. The U.S. and their allies, must take a proactive stance to providing Jordan with the aid it needs to not only provide for the refugees needs now, but also to protect against the instability hosting so many souls will engender.
Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) is bucking Democrat leadership by saying that he's willing to work with President-elect Donald Trump on some issues.
When asked if there was “any opportunity” to work with Trump's administration, Sanders told MSNBC's Morning Joe, “I see some, sure.”
“I don't think it makes sense to say we aren't going to work in any way, in any form, with the Trump administration,” Sanders said. “Trump has talked appropriately about our collapsing infrastructure – our roads, bridges, and water systems.”
“If they are prepared to work with us on rebuilding America's crumbling infrastructure, and creating millions of jobs, and doing it in a way that doesn't privatize our infrastructure or give tax breaks to billionaires; yes, let's work together.”
Sander's comments are a real departure from Democratic Minority Leader Chuck Schumer's and other Dems' stance.
“The only way we're going to work with Trump is if they move completely in our direction and abandons their Republican colleagues,” Schumer said last week. “90-95 percent of the time we'll be holding their feet to the fire and holding them accountable.”
Sanders also noted that Trump is right in saying that US trade policy has become abysmal for the country due to globalist trade legislation like NAFTA and TPP.
“If they are prepared to work with us on a trade policy which works for the American worker, not just the CEO of large, multinational corporations, let's work together in those areas,” they said.
These comments come after Sanders acknowledged earlier this week at a CNN town hall-style interview that Trump's victory was “an extraordinary accomplishment.”
“And it talks about perseverance, it talks about very strong political instincts, it talks about a way to connect with people,” Sanders said. “So I give Donald Trump their due.”
A Connecticut town is considering a program that trains teachers to use guns in the event of an active shooter, and Governor Dannel P. Malloy has come down hard on the idea.
Kent selectmen voted 2-1 on Wednesday to present information about the "FASTER Saves Lives" program to the Board of Education. The board will ultimately decide whether to implement the program at the pre-K through eighth-grade Kent Center School.
The non-profit Faculty/Administrator Safety Training and Emergency Response program would provide trauma kits and firearms training to school personnel in the event of a hostile act or intrusion.
Story continues below advertisement
In an interview Thursday with The Associated Press, Malloy said he's particularly concerned that the program would also allow anonymous volunteers to carry weapons at school. It offers 26 hours of training during a three-day class in Ohio.
"If any board of education would approve this, I'd be shocked, frightened and disappointed," said Malloy, who said they felt compelled to comment publicly about the situation. "It makes no sense. And no school system in the state of Connecticut should be allowed to do this."
Selectman Jeffrey Parkin first presented the program to town officials in January.
They told the Danbury News Times on Thursday that reaction to the proposal has "gotten out of hand."
"It's being suggested that teachers would be walking around the school visibly packing guns," they said. "If Kent went into this program, the gun or guns would be concealed. It would be up the Board of Education how the gun would be kept, possibly in a safe with access for trained staff."
Malloy said if school districts want properly trained security, such as former police officers, it's their decision to make.
"The idea that we're going to have a volunteer receive 26 hours of training or teachers and principals receive 26 hours of training, that's just unacceptable," Malloy said. "It puts children in more danger, not less."
Story continues below advertisement
Cracking the AI Black Box
Artificial intelligence (AI) has grown by leaps and bounds over the past years. Now there are AI systems capable of driving cars and making medical diagnoses, as well as numerous other choices which people make on a day-to-day basis. Except that when it comes to humans, we actually can understand the reasoning behind such decisions (to a certain extent).
When it comes to AI, however, there's a certain “black box” behind decisions that makes it so that even AI developers themselves don't quite understand or anticipate the decisions an AI is making. We do know that neural networks are taught to make these choices by exposing them to a huge data set. From there, AIs train themselves into applying what they learn. It's rather difficult to trust what one doesn't understand.
The U.S. Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) wants to break this black box, and the first step is to fund eight computer science professors from Oregon State University (OSU) with a $6.5 million research grant. “Ultimately, we want these explanations to be very natural — translating these deep network decisions into sentences and visualizations,” OSU's Alan Fern, principal investigator for the grant, said in a press release.
Sound and Informed Choices
The DARPA-OSU program, set to run for four years, will involve developing a system that will allow AI to communicate with machine learning experts. They would start developing this system by plugging AI-powered players into real-time strategy games like StarCraft. The AI players would be trained to explain to human players the reasoning behind their in-game choices. This isn't the first project that puts AIs into video game environments. Google's DeepMind has also chosen StarCraft as a training environment for AI. There's also that controversial Doom-playing AI bot.
THIS IS THE EIGHTH in a series of dialogues with artists, writers, and critical thinkers on the question of violence. This conversation is with the British novelist and writer Tom McCarthy, whose latest books include Typewriters, Bombs, Jellyfish and Satin Island.
¤
BRAD EVANS: I recently had the pleasure of reading your eclectic mix of published essays, Typewriters, Bombs, Jellyfish. Fully in keeping with your broader literary corpus, what strikes from the outset is a distinct fascination with violence in both implicit and explicit forms in your work. Why does the problem of violence continue to capture your attention as an author?
TOM MCCARTHY: It seems to me that it has always been at the core of the literary experience in some form or other. This goes all the way back to the Greeks, for whom space is usually grounded in primal acts of violence. The city or polis of Oedipus Rex, the urban and political order of Thebes, is built on the murder or Laius, who themselves abducted and raped Chrysippus. The political order of Athens — the cornerstone of modern democracy — is built in the Oresteia on the murder of Clytemnestra, who themselves murdered Agamemnon, whose own father butchered Thyestes' children. It goes back and back. Faulkner has this brilliant image in Absalom, Absalom!, a novel that unearths a family back-history of slavery and war and incest, where Quentin muses that an event is not a unique occurrence, but more like a set of ripples on a pool that itself is connected by an umbilical water-cord to another pool in which a stone was dropped — but you don't see the stone dropping in the first pool; you only see the ripples in the second. It's less an event than event-field — an expansive zone whose patterns are both set by and bear witness to an ur-trauma.
Freud sees all mental and biological life like this: we're just jellyfish, replaying the original shock of photosynthesis as we propel ourselves deathward. What's really interesting about this particular image is that Freud couches it within a larger consideration of those magic writing-pad toys that kids still play with — the ones where the upper, waxy-paper surface can be erased and written over again and again, but the lower, gelatinous one retains all the traces. This is their decisive model for consciousness: a writing machine scored with the wounds of time.
The collection of essays is littered with literary references, from Joyce and Pynchon to Kafka. What is it about these authors that collectively still resonate in terms of understanding both the timelessness of tragedy and yet the contingency of the modern condition?
I wouldn't say tragedy is timeless. It has its temporality — a complex one. On the one hand, it's backward-facing, like Walter Benjamin's angel of history (who, where humans see “progress,” instead discerns a trail of debris, wreckage upon wreckage piled up behind him); on the other hand, it moves forward toward some inexorable conclusion. I would question the notion of an exclusively “modern” condition, too. What interests me about the best takes on the modern is their primitivism. So Joyce sees in 20th-century telecoms “loftly marconimasts from Cliften” beaming “open tireless secrets […] to Nova Scotia's listing sisterwands,” and “television kill[ing] telephony in brothers brawl” — in other words, they see these technologies playing out ancient Egyptian incest stories and Biblical tales of fratricide. Similarly, Pynchon finds something totally regressive in state-of-the-art rocketry: their V2 is a repository of all these Brothers Grimm fables and Holy Grail myths and so on. It's this overlay of times and temporalities that interests me.
Your writing style is widely acclaimed for its attention to intricate details. This collection is no exception as it attends to the various ways human are immersed into various organizing systems — from the ecological to the technological, which continue to do great violence upon human and nonhuman bodies. What is to be gained by insisting as an author upon such detailed ecological and technological framings?
These things you identify here — systems and framings — are everything. Subjects that traditionalists might think of as the “true content” of literature — such as truth, or justice, or feelings, or subjectivity itself — are only possible within these systems, and inseparable from them. To understand one we must understand the other — and this understanding must by necessity (since it's of structures and infrastructures) be structural. That's what I love about Kafka: they completely undo humanist “psychology” by making psychic space indivisible from the whole architecture of communication and containment that forms — to adapt your own term — its ecosystem. Josef K.'s anguish and anxiety are spun into existence around the corridors and waiting rooms and courtyards, the files and back-up files and general feedback loops of juridical bureaucracy. It's similar in Lynch's films: to get a grip on them you have to map their relays and the layout of their spaces — which room opens to which other cell or chamber, which phone (or intercom, or CCTV, or cryptic utterance) is connected (via which operator) to which sender or receiver … Like Freddie says in Inland Empire: “There's a vast network, an ocean of possibilities.”
I'd like to turn to your philosophical influences. Alongside the literary acknowledgments, the essays are also notably populated with the voices of Bataille, Deleuze and Guattari, and Derrida. I am particularly interested in the latter and the idea that we are already walking among the ruins of the future. What are your thoughts on this, especially when thinking about the violence of cityscapes?
Ballard says that we have annexed the future into the present. That's a kind of collapse, a ruination — materially, in Ballard's own novels, it translates into endless visions of ruined cityscapes. Every great city, at least when it writes itself, seems to anticipate its own destruction: so in The Waste Land, London becomes Jerusalem, Athens, Alexandria, Vienna, all burning with towers falling and so on. In Robbe-Grillet's Topology of a Phantom City, they don't even give the city a name: it's just “the city,” already an archaeological ruin even before it's built, replaying in its theaters and frescoes various scenes that dance around the central episode of its own sacking. I like how when Gerhard Richter paints Paris, the deliberate blurs and smudges make it look like it's being nuked, like Marker's apocalyptic photo-montage in La Jetée. And then Richter's Paris painting is already (since it's depicted from the skies above the city) framed by the picture they made a few years earlier of bomber planes; visually, painting and bombing become one and the same thing. I'm also very struck by Eldridge Cleaver's call for revolutionaries to reimagine urban space as a war zone: streets criss-crossed by armored vehicles, the sound of tommy guns and snipers' rifles, barbed wire closing off whole sections of the city, “and everywhere the smell of cordite.” It's political of course — but it's aesthetic, too.
I was particularly taken by the scene you depict concerning Patty Hearst, especially the final meditation on “America” as captured in a hotel room “watching the apocalypse on television.” This description seems tragically apt for the contemporary moment — albeit with the added drama of new mobile technologies, which offer new ways to capture the gaze. Is this how you still recognize America in the contemporary moment?
Patty Hearst is a figure who fascinates me. I think there should be statues to them all over the United States; theirs is one of the great American stories. Revolution, self-reinvention, celebrity, catastrophe, all played out in real time on the broadcast networks. The SLA kidnapped Citizen Kane's granddaughter and then tried to talk them into going to see a screening of the film — there's an involution, an accretion, an overload of cultural histories there that's teetering on the edge of collapse. The fact that she's a woman is significant. I've been rereading lots of Kathy Acker recently — a writer who's also fascinated with the figure of the urban guerrilla whose operations straddle the fields of the recognizably “militaristic” (raids with guns and bombs) and the symbolic — what DeLillo calls “raids on consciousness.” And reading Acker sent me back to the work of the philosopher Julia Kristeva, whom they lean on heavily. Again, this is a figure whose heyday was the 1980s — but it's uncanny rereading them now, because their work is all about the relationship between technological or linguistic systems and bodies and power, and questions of inclusion and exclusion. Feminism — in particular French feminism of several decades ago — seems to anticipate so much of what's at stake under the Trump regime, and to map it out really well.
There is a wonderful moment in the book when you consider the question of realism. Predating much of this contemporary fixation with so-called “fake news,” there is an evident frustration in your voice to the marked separation between the fictional and the real, as if the likes of Nietzsche and Foucault never actually walked this earth! Sharing these concerns, what political role do you think fiction has to play in a moment where the fabrications of power are being countered by remarkable positivist purity for unconditional truths?
I try to undo the distinction that's usually made between “fiction” and “reality,” as though “fiction” were synonymous with fakery. I don't think that's the right layout to work with; I think there's something else going on. In Typewriters, Bombs, Jellyfish, I try to argue that “fiction” is best understood in terms of a gap or interim, a delay or décalage — what Hamlet calls an out-of-jointness. Another way of thinking about this would be (and this perhaps goes back to Faulkner's ripple image) as a kind of asynchronic overlay. And vitally, what this overlay gives rise to, in its collisions and its recesses, is a possibility — and an ethics — of witnessing. Tell them we were here, says Vladimir to the boy-angel amid all the replays and repetition loops and waiting periods of Godot: Don't turn up here tomorrow and deny you ever saw me. Then, watching Estragon sleeping, they ask himself, “Was I sleeping, while the others suffered?”; and they muse that someone is also watching over them (Vladimir) and thinking: “He is sleeping, they know nothing, let them sleep on.” Now, of course someone is watching them — it's a play! But beyond that, I think Beckett is invoking the notion of literature as a shared or consensual hallucination in which the act of witnessing, of affirming the existence of “the others,” becomes possible. This is not a journalistic or “scientific” act; it's ultimately an imaginative one, an act of the imagination.
To conclude, I'd like to deal with the literary question of death. As you have written, every period proclaims and indeed celebrates the death of the novel. You have also suggested that Joyce in particular exhausted all literary possibilities. I want to press you on this idea of exhaustion, which Deleuze argued was central to the emergence of new forms of subjectivity. How might we think about this in terms of “inventing” (a phrase you dwell upon in the book) better styles for living?
While writing the more recent of these essays, over the last few years, I became obsessed with Mallarmé. They see literature very much in terms of exhaustion, and rites of burial and interment. So their (non-)character Igitur experiences all of cultural history as a tomb, or crypt, into which they have to descend in an attempt to bring about their own extinction — but of course they don't bring this about, they bring about the work. Similarly in the wild, typographically exploded poem “A Throw of the Dice,” the Master, “corpse at their arm,” is going down for the third time as the ship of poetry disintegrates on the rock of oblivion and chance — and of course it's from this very abyss or void that literary modernity is born. Mallarmé spent the last decades of their life trying to bring into existence a giant, expanded, multimedia Gesamtkunstwerk that they called “The Book,” which would somehow contain absolutely everything ever. But they never realized this: it remained in a state of imminence or potentiality — and half of 20th-century literature and visual art and music, from Joyce to Duchamp to Cage, responds to that potentiality, that call — but without realizing or completing it either. The “Book” is always and inherently to-come. That's where Derrida gets their idea of democracy from: it's always and inherently to-come, too. It needs to be invented — a task that's both exhaustive and inexhaustible. Ballard says a similar thing, about reality tout court: it's not there yet; the writer needs to invent it.
¤
Brad Evans is a political philosopher, critical theorist, and writer, who specializes on the problem of violence.  They are the founder/director of the Histories of Violence project, which has a global user base covering 143 countries.
The 'cruel' goat farm where activists claim animals have the tips of their horns burned off with a metal tool to save money as demand for milk and cheese grows
Farm filmed supplies Sainsbury's and Co-op
Shocking footage also showed carcasses of dead nanny and kid goats
With a healthy, organic image, cheese and milk from British goat farms have become popular items on our shopping lists.
Now scenes we might imagine of free-range herds grazing on lush fields have been rocked by claims of animal cruelty.
Undercover filming at two of the largest goat farms by animal campaigners Viva, shows images of kid goats having the tips or buds of their horns burned off with a metal tool. The painful procedure stops horns growing, so avoiding injury during clashes in adulthood.
Exposed: Undercover footage led to claims of cruelty behind Britain's booming goat herds Cruel: A farmworker carries a goat by the front leg during more footage which emerged
But animal welfare rules state this should be done by vets under anaesthetic.
One of the farms, Upper Enson Farm at Sandon, Staffordshire, which has around 2,000 goats, does not take these safeguards. The farmer said they did not have the cash to use vets because the goat industry was ‘on its knees'.
The farm supplies a dairy which sells products in major supermarkets including Sainsbury's and Co-op.
Footage from the farm also showed the carcasses of dead nanny and kid goats. The farmer later admitted the farm had suffered an outbreak of cryptosporidiosis, which can kill younger goats.
Viva warns that cramped conditions can encourage diseases to spread.
Filming at another business, Bromes Farm, near Taunton in Somerset, which supplies Tesco among other retailers, revealed some conditions in which the animals are not free to go out into the fields.
Ranks of goats were also shown connected to milking machines at the farm. Viva condemns industrial-style milking parlours, which can cause the goats to suffer from sore udders because of the high quantities of milk produced.
Shocking: Footage from the farm also showed the carcasses of dead nanny and kid goats
Bromes Farm did not respond to requests for comment.
Viva said the raising of goats increasingly involved factory farming techniques. Director Juliet Gellatley said: ‘Ethically minded consumers who have been shocked by increasingly intensive methods of production in the dairy cow industry have been switching to goats' milk under the mistaken belief that it is more humane.'
Nick Brandon, owner of Upper Enson Farm, admitted they were operating outside the rules on removing or disbudding horns. They said: ‘The disbudding is not quite as it should be and we are consulting with our vet to decide how to move forward.'
Asked why they have not used a vet, they said: ‘It is not economical for the number of goats we have got.
'The industry is on its knees. Goats' milk and cheese is becoming more popular, but the price people pay in the shops is not filtering back to farmers.'
Police are investigating reports that a car window was shot out while its owner was driving on U.S. Highway 71 near 59th Street, but they don't know if it's connected to the other recent highway shootings.
Advertisement Police: Vehicle yields few clues in highway shooting report Drivers report possible shooting after returning home, cleaning up scene Share Copy Link Copy
Police investigating a possible highway shooting on 71 Highway at 59th Street said they could not find bullets or holes inside the van. A person reported having a window of their van shot out, then drove back to their home and called police. The witnesses said they heard what sounded like two gunshots and noticed the rear passenger-side window had been broken out.They said they drove home, cleaned up the glass and then called police.Investigators said they couldn't find anyone in the area of the shooting and they couldn't find any sign of a bullet inside the van, only one small piece of broken glass. They said there was no indication that there had been a shooting.Earlier in the day, police said more than 100 tips have come in about the recent pattern of shootings on Kansas City-area highways, and investigators still consider the case a high priority.Investigators have positively linked 12 incidents from Kansas City, Mo., Blue Springs, Lee's Summit and Leawood to the case. Three people have been struck, but none had life-threatening injuries.Patrols have been heavy in the areas where the shootings have been reported. The Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives and the FBI have also joined the search for whoever is responsible.Drivers said the police presence is reassuring but they want the shootings to end."It concerns me a lot. I'm driving around this town all the time. My family is, my kids, my grandkids. They've gotta stop these folks," said driver Adolph Briscoe.Drivers said the extra patrols might even catch someone in the act.A reward of up to $10,000 is available for information that leads to an arrest. Anyone who notices any suspicious activity should contact 911 right away. Anonymous tips can be left via the Crime Stoppers TIPS Hotline at 816-474-8477.
Glass Peace is a collection of Art Glass Jewelry handmade by two lampworkers, Allison Hill and Amir Shawn. We specialize in unique hand blown glass pendants, earrings, and blown glass beads using borosilicate glass, as well as dichroic fused glass jewelry that is wire-wrapped with argentium sterling silver.
Whether you've come to our site to treat yourself to a unique piece of art, search for the perfect gift, design jewelry using glass beads, find pendants for necklaces, or get information on our wholesale program, you'll find that we have a diverse selection of glass pendants, earrings, and lampwork beads with something for every style and taste, from classic patterned glass beads to psychedelic glass mushroom pendants. All of our pieces arrive in an elegant black box, and our pendants are strung on a black cord, ready to wear or present as a gift.
All of our glass jewelry is one-of-a-kind and handmade with love and care at our home studio in beautiful Gig Harbor, Washington. With 15 combined years of experience, we both have our specialties and concentrations: Allison is most passionate about creating intricate flower and anemone glass pendants, while Amir has shifted from making blown vessels to experimenting with making patterned pendants and blown glass beads. Visit About Us to read our bios and learn more about Glass Peace and our processes.
We'd love to hear from you! Take a look around our site and let us know what you think...Create an account or like us on Facebook to get exclusive discount codes, and to learn about sales, raffles, and more...
100% Satisfaction Guarantee
If, for any reason, you are not satisfied with your purchase, please return it within 30 days for an exchange or full refund. Please contact us if you lost your envelope or need mailing instructions, we'll be glad to help! To exchange for a new item, please provide the item number when you contact us and we will hold it for you while you return your original purchase.
Secure Payment Processing
Order with ease and confidence: We use PayPal for secure payment processing. If you don't have a PayPal account, you can use PayPal to order using a credit or debit card.
British Anti Airport Expansion Activist Barred from Entering the US
John Stewart Escorted off Plane in NYC and Sent Back to London
Maureen Nandini Mitra
I just learned that John Stewart, a much-respected British activist who campaigns against airport expansion, was barred from entering the United States yesterday.
Photo by Barnali Ghosh
Sixty-two year old Stewart, who heads the London-based group HACAN ClearSkies, was reportedly escorted off a plane by armed guards when it landed in New York yesterday. They were questioned by FBI, Secret Service, and immigration officials for six hours at JFK Airport before being put back on a plane to London.
They may not be a familiar name in the US, but Stewart was a key organizer in the successful decade-long campaign to stop the expansion of London's Heathrow Airport. In 2008 they were named Britain's most effective green activist by the Independent on Sunday for bringing together aviation-impacted communities, climate activists, and fiscal conservatives. They have no criminal record.
It appears Stewart was denied entry because they were planning to spend a month travelling across the US on an Aviation Justice Express tour, sharing stories of how activists triumphed at Heathrow. Under US Department of Homeland Security rules, a person can be deemed ineligible to travel to the US if they are a possible “law enforcement or security risk.”
In a statement released this afternoon, Stewart said: “What seemed to concern [the authorities] was that I would be discussing, as part of my talk, the role that peaceful, non-violent civil disobedience played in the Heathrow Campaign. I wouldn't be able to explain the campaign without doing so. In any case, it is completely legitimate to discuss the role of an activity which has featured so heavily in so many historical campaigns, from the American Civil Rights Movement, to the Suffragettes' fight for the right of women to vote in the UK.”
US organizers who spent over a year planning the month-long national lecture tour on aviation and the environment, and are shocked and embarrassed at their government's actions. “John hasn't flown in years, they were flying to the US only because we had convinced them that it was for a good cause,” says Barnali Ghosh of the Berkeley-based nonprofit Aviation Justice, one of the tour organizers. (Read about Ghosh's attempt to circle the globe without flying in EIJ's Summer issue.) Within the US, Stewart was planning to travel from city to city by bus and train.
The plan now is to stick to the schedule and do most of the lectures/meetings with Stewart via Skype, as has been arranged with another invited speaker, award-winning Scottish climate activist Dan Glass.
Glass, who is associated with “Plane Stupid,” a loose association of autonomous anti airport expansion groups in the UK, can't take part in the tour because their visa application was delayed indefinitely due to special “administrative processing.” They have a criminal “breach of peace” conviction for participating in a civil disobedience movement in UK.
“We hope people will attend the [Aviation Justice Express tour] meetings as a show of solidarity. But some events will obviously not be possible,” says Barnali.
Illustration courtesy MISSBADCHILD
If aviation justice is a term you're unfamiliar with, it's because here in the US, there's little serious conversation about the huge impact of flying. Not even within climate change and social justice movement. This is in part because we are heavily dependent of air travel to get us across even short distances due to lack of other viable public transit options. Yet, flying is the single most environmentally damaging, carbon intense, activity an individual can do.
Worldwide, aviation was the fastest growing source of greenhouse gases that, unless curbed, would soon overwhelm all the cuts in emissions we manage to make elsewhere. Currently, aviation is responsible for nearly 5 percent of the total human impact on our climate.
This is also a social justice issue because only 5 percent of people in the world actually travel by air. Cheaper and more frequent flights haven't helped make flying socially inclusive. Rather 75 percent of people using budget airlines are from the middle and upper-middle classes, who end up flying more, using cheap deals for quick weekend getaways or conferences etc. The people who are most vulnerable to climate change — the poorest inhabitants of the poorest nations — will most likely never board an airplane.
Aviation also has serious public health impacts, especially on people living close to big airports and under flight paths. Studies show emissions from aircraft, support vehicles and airport related traffic all contribute to a build up of potentially harmful gases such as oxides of nitrogen, carbon monoxide, ozone and volatile organic compounds (VOCs). These gases are deposited into the atmosphere across the US every day at rates that far exceed safety limits.
Right now, there are 3,400 airport construction, expansion, and development projects planned in the US, including large projects in New York and Chicago. Yet there's little talk of the impact of these projects will have on our environment and health.
If we are serious about tackling emissions we need to start having more conversations about aviation and alternatives to it – like more land-based public transit, especially for short distances (like New York to Washington, D.C. or San Francisco to Los Angeles). As Barnali told me earlier: “We aren't saying people shouldn't fly at all, but rather that they should think about why and where they are flying and use other travel modes if possible.”
But it looks as if this is a conversation the US administration — already struggling to cope with a series of civil disobedience movements in the past few months, including the ongoing one on Wall Street — doesn't want us to have.
TAMPA — Could Tampa become a major hub people flock to for the best and brightest urban development ideas?
The owner of the Tampa Bay Lightning and a leader of one of the biggest urban redevelopment efforts in the nation, Jeff Vinik today is announcing they will personally partner with New York-based Dreamit to bring its high-end business accelerator and about ten elite startups specializing in urban technology to Tampa this fall.
If successful, the partnership has high hopes it could help Tampa grow to become a regional, if not international mecca for innovative urban technology and development.
For now, the partnership will focus on choosing young companies with urban technology ideas deemed most promising and disruptive. We do not know yet what startups will be chosen. But their ideas could include such urban tech niches as wearables that direct visitors to the nearest hospital or restaurant. Or bike lanes carved out next to self-driving cars. Perhaps advances in construction materials.
"We want to do our part to accelerate innovation in Tampa Bay," Vinik said in an interview with the Tampa Bay Times.
The Vinik-Dreamit partnership has three related goals:
• First, to inject some of the most innovative products — from construction and real estate tech ideas to the "Internet of Things" — culled from these urban tech startups into the early stages of the $3 billion, 50-plus acre real estate project. That ambitious plan is emerging under the guidance of Strategic Property Partners, Vinik's joint venture with Bill Gates-backed Cascade Investment.
• Second, to nurture a longer-term goal that Dreamit, if successful in Tampa, could help realize Vinik's vision of setting aside a portion of the real estate project as an "innovation zone" dedicated to supporting startup activity.
• Third, to bring additional expertise of Dreamit and other resources to strengthen ongoing efforts here to build a stronger, richer ecosystem to support innovative business startups on a metro-wide scale.
"We want to make this area more attractive to young people starting companies, to venture capitalists who might want to invest in these emerging companies," Vinik said, "and to the best and brightest graduates in our area and state so they will want to stay or come to Tampa Bay because there is opportunity here."
Grand plans, indeed. But that's Vinik's style. And their track record of success, here and long before they relocated here from Boston, should not be taken lightly.
Vinik admits that until 18 months ago or so they had never heard of Dreamit or its success with startups in the health care and education technology fields. But through frequent travel and business networking, Vinik eventually was introduced last year to Dreamit CEO Avi Savar. They quickly saw great opportunities in working together.
Vinik saw in Dreamit a highly successful startup organization with global contacts among entrepreneurs, business accelerators and venture capitalists. Savar recognized in Vinik a broad thinker passionate to make their real estate vision an innovative standout. That the Tampa project had the backing of Gates, the world's' richest person, only strengthened the development's credibility.
"Guys like Jeff Vinik and Bill Gates do not mess around," Savar said in an interview.
"What started as a conversation with Jeff Vinik developed into a pretty awesome partnership," Savar recalled. Still, the decision for Dreamit to create a program focused exclusively on urban technology — assisting startups to make cities smarter, more efficient, friendlier and more connected — is new ground for the firm. To Savar and Vinik, though, UrbanTech was an obvious choice.
In Tampa, Dreamit's UrbanTech startups will have a rare chance to learn from leaders in the real estate development, design, construction, and management industries near the start of a huge and well financed project. Strategic Property Partners in turn can benefit by adopting some of the product and service ideas that emerge from the startups. And, Savar emphasized, Tampa Bay over time could reap the rewards of building a global reputation for cutting edge urban development.
What does Tampa have to offer startups, Savar asked. What were its natural resources besides a lower cost of living and weather — basics that can be found in many places?
What stood out in talking to Vinik, Savar said, was their "long-term proposition that they were about to do something remarkable there."
Vinik was offering startups with the right stuff a chance to integrate themselves into one of the bolder development projects in the country. Urban tech startups will work with leading architecture and construction firms involved in hotels, office parks, urban parks, hospitality and healthcare services, and much more.
"Tampa's mission over the next ten years is for the best entrepreneurs dedicated to making cities great to come here," Savar said. "We want to make this so robust that if you're an urban tech company — wow! — you're asking, 'How can I get into Tampa right now and get in on the ground floor?'"
If Savar sounds awfully enthusiastic, remember their job involves reaching out and selling high-caliber businesses in this country and others to step up and apply for what will be only eight to ten spots in Dreamit's four-month business accelerator program in Tampa this fall. Given Dreamit's global network, Savar seems confident hundreds of companies will apply by the late June deadline. Between 30 and 40 finalists will be chosen from that lot, and the top ten or so picked this summer.
The typical company in the accelerator would have between five and ten employees and an existing product that has been validated in the market to some extent, according to Savar.
"Who would not want to be part of this?" asked Savar. "That's an IQ test. Not a question."
Once chosen, startups and a Dreamit team will spend time in Tampa getting to know the city, its leaders, its urban style — and its entrepreneurial culture. A specific Tampa location within the SPP development for the Dreamit accelerator has not been selected.
Sensitive to the politics as a newcomer, Dreamit wants to become part of the startup scene and help where it can. It is not coming to tell the startup community here what to do, Savar said.
For Vinik, the passion that convinced them to become a successful owner of the Lightning owner is spreading to area startups.  They are already an investor in multiple young companies here. More commitments seem likely.
"Quietly, there are a lot of entrepreneurs starting companies in this region," Vinik said. "I meet with many of them and encourage them all."
Of course, investing in promising businesses for profit is the precise thing Vinik used to do managing the now famous Fidelity Magellan Fund from 1992 to 1996, where they averaged 17 percent annual returns.
"I do love analyzing companies," Vinik acknowledged. "But what I like a lot more thinking about now is how great a place this can become ten or twenty years from now. That's an important subject to me."
And to us all.
Contact Robert Trigaux at [email protected] Follow @venture tampabay.
By Michael Snyder
BlacklistedNews.com
The United Nations says that the earth is in great danger and that the way you and I are living is the problem. In a shocking new report entitled, “Resilient People, Resilient Planet: A Future Worth Choosing” the UN declares that the entire way that we currently approach economics needs to be changed. Instead of focusing on things like “economic growth”, the UN is encouraging nations all over the world to start basing measurements of economic success on the goal of achieving “sustainable development”. But there is a huge problem with that. The UN says that what we are doing right now is “unsustainable” by definition, and the major industrialized nations of the western world are the biggest culprits. According to the UN, since we are the ones that create the most carbon emissions and the most pollution, we are the ones that should make the biggest sacrifices. In addition, since we have the most money, we should also be willing to finance the transition of the developing world to a “sustainable development” economy as well. As you will see detailed in the rest of this article, the United Nations basically wants to crash the world economy in order to save the environment. Considering the fact that the U.S. and Europe are in the midst of a horrible economic crisis and are already drowning in debt, this is something that we simply cannot afford.
There is certainly nothing wrong with taking care of the environment. But what the United Nations wants is a fundamental restructuring of the global economy based on flawed science.
In this new UN report, we find the following statement….
Achieving sustainability requires us to transform the global economy. Tinkering on the margins will not do the job.
This is absolutely crucial to understand.
The folks over at the UN don't just want to change things a little.
Their goal is a radical transformation of the entire world.
According to the United Nations, if we don't implement their recommendations the consequences will be absolutely disastrous….
But what, then, is to be done if we are to make a real difference for the world's people and the planet? We must grasp the dimensions of the challenge. We must recognize that the drivers of that challenge include unsustainable lifestyles, production and consumption patterns and the impact of population growth. As the global population grows from 7 billion to almost 9 billion by 2040, and the number of middle-class consumers increases by 3 billion over the next 20 years, the demand for resources will rise exponentially. By 2030, the world will need at least 50 percent more food, 45 percent more energy and 30 percent more water — all at a time when environmental boundaries are throwing up new limits to supply. This is true not least for climate change, which affects all aspects of human and planetary health.
So what changes are needed in order for us to achieve a “sustainable” global economy?
Well, the following are some of the disturbing recommendations that we find in the new UN report….
Raise Prices
According to the United Nations, we need to start significantly raising the prices of things that are made in an “unsustainable” way so that they reflect the “true cost” of their production….
Most goods and services sold today fail to bear the full environmental and social cost of production and consumption. Based on the science, we need to reach consensus, over time, on methodologies to price them properly. Costing environmental externalities could open new opportunities for green growth and green jobs
That means that you and I would start paying a lot more for the basic things that we need every day – food, gasoline, etc.
Carbon Taxes
The UN report also discusses the need to use regulations and taxation as tools to penalize economic activities that are not “sustainable”….
Establish natural resource and externality pricing instruments, including carbon pricing, through mechanisms such as taxation, regulation or emissions trading systems, by 2020
This is one of the favorite things that social engineers like to do. They love to use taxation and regulations as weapons to get people to do the things they want.
Base Lending Decisions On Sustainable Development Criteria
The United Nations is actually suggesting that lending decisions be based on whether or not the money will be used for something “sustainable”….
Reform national fiscal and credit systems to provide long-term incentives for sustainable practices, as well as disincentives for unsustainable behaviour
Considering the fact that the entire global economy is based on credit, this is a very dangerous recommendation.
Green Jobs
The UN report also says that governments all over the world should seek to create as many “green jobs” as possible….
Governments should adopt and advance “green jobs” and decent work policies as a priority in their budgets and sustainable development strategies while creating conditions for new jobs in the private sector.
This is something that we have seen Barack Obama try to do, but obviously they have not had much success at it.
A New Economic Paradigm
According to the UN, the very way that we define “economic success” needs to be changed. Instead of looking at statistics such as GDP and inflation, we should be measuring what we do by how much it gets us closer to a “sustainable world”….
Expanding how we measure progress in sustainable development by creating a sustainable development index or set of indicators
So an economic collapse could actually be “good” if we make “progress” toward the goal of sustainable development.
Wealthy Countries Funding The Sustainable Development Goals Of Poor Countries
The UN report makes it clear that you and I will be paying for sustainable development all over the world in addition to paying for our own transition to a sustainable economy….
Financing sustainable development requires vast new sources of capital from both private and public sources. It requires both mobilizing more public funds and using global and national capital to leverage global private capital through the development of incentives. Official development assistance will also remain critical for the sustainable development needs of low-income countries
But considering the fact that the United States is already flat broke, where are we going to come up with all of this money?
Teach Sustainable Development To Our Children
The United Nations also believes that this philosophy of “sustainable development” should be taught to children in public schools all over the globe….
Government and non-governmental entities should promote the concept of sustainable development and sustainable consumption, and these should be integrated into curricula of primary and secondary education.
Sadly, this agenda is already being pushed on our children in schools all over the United States. When these children grow up, the concepts behind “sustainable development” will be second nature for them.
Population Control
Those that believe in sustainable development want to reduce carbon emissions by as much as possible.
When you sit down and really think about that, it becomes quite frightening.
Nearly every form of economic activity produces carbon emissions.
In fact, if you just sit in your home and breathe, you are producing carbon emissions.
So to them, you and I are the problem.
For those that are worried about human-made global warming, the math is simple.
The more people on earth, the higher the level of carbon emissions will be.
The fewer people on earth, the lower the level of carbon emissions will be.
So those that believe in sustainable development love to promote things that will reduce the human population of the earth.
In fact, we see this agenda reflected in one of the recommendations of the new UN report….
Ensuring universal access to quality and affordable family-planning and other sexual and reproductive rights and health services.
If more women have access to abortion facilities, then less babies will be born. For those that believe in sustainable development, that is a good thing.
But the UN has been pushing this kind of agenda for a long time.
For example, the United Nations Population Fund released a report back in 2009 entitled “Facing a Changing World: Women, Population and Climate” that included the following very chilling statement….
“Each birth results not only in the emissions attributable to that person in their or their lifetime, but also the emissions of all their or their descendants. Hence, the emissions savings from intended or planned births multiply with time.”
This population control agenda is also being heavily promoted by many of the wealthiest people in the world. Many big “philanthropists” such as Bill Gates are using their money to fund research into population control measures. For example, Gates is currently funding research on “cutting edge” forms of birth control that could potentially be used all over the world. The following comes from a recent Natural News article….
Mass vaccination is apparently not the only depopulation strategy being employed by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, as new research funded by the organization has developed a way to deliberately destroy sperm using ultrasound technology. BBC News reports that the Gates Foundation awarded a grant to researchers from the University of North Carolina (UNC) to develop this new method of contraception. For their study, the UNC team tested ultrasound on lab rats and found that two 15-minute doses “significantly reduced” both sperm counts and sperm integrity. When administered two days apart through warm salt water, ultrasound caused the rats' sperm counts to drop below ten million sperm per milliliter, which is five million less than the “sub-fertile” range, and stay that way for up to six months.
This population control agenda is one of the most frightening elements of sustainable development. Many advocates of sustainable development would actually cheer if something suddenly caused the population of the earth to drop dramatically.
Much Stronger Global Governance
The new UN report also advocates stronger “international governance” by bodies such as the United Nations….
International institutions have a critical role. International governance for sustainable development must be strengthened by using existing institutions more dynamically and by considering the creation of a global sustainable development council and the adoption of sustainable development goals
But this has been the ultimate goal of these control freaks for a long time. The idea is that a “global government” and a “global economy” will bring a great era of peace and prosperity to all of humanity.
Of course that is a complete and total lie, but there are a lot of people out there that actually believe this stuff.
In fact, the economic crisis that we are going through right now has renewed calls for a “global currency” which would be used by the whole world.
For example, you can watch banker Evelyn de Rothschild discuss the “need” for an “international currency” on Bloomberg Television in the following video….
The new UN report reflects this globalist agenda. The report states that “the peoples of the world” are not going to put up with all of this “inequality” any longer and that they will be demanding that their national governments adopt a “sustainable development” agenda….
“The peoples of the world will simply not tolerate continued environmental devastation or the persistent inequality which offends deeply held universal principles of social justice. Citizens will no longer accept governments and corporations breaching their compact with them as custodians of a sustainable future for all. More generally, international, national and local governance across the world must fully embrace the requirements of a sustainable development future, as must civil society and the private sector.”
If you want to get a really good idea of what a “sustainable development” society would look like, just check out the video posted below….
If you do not want to end up living in a “Planned-opolis” where virtually everything you do is watched, tracked and controlled by bureaucratic control freaks, then you better say something now.
If the United Nations actually succeeded in implementing this agenda worldwide, it would crash the global economy and it would be the end of national sovereignty.
Unfortunately, many of those that are promoting this agenda are absolute fanatics about it because they are convinced that they are saving the planet. They are so obsessed with “rescuing the earth” that they would do almost anything to all the rest of us in order to accomplish that goal.
Yes, we need to be concerned about the future of the planet, but the truth is that the “sustainable development” agenda is based on flawed science and it would make our economic problems far worse.
But the control freaks that are obsessed with “sustainable development” are going to continue to try to cram this agenda down our throats, so this is a battle that is likely to go on for many years.
Neelie Kroes has admitted that Europe must find ways of working without the ACTA treaty.
Neelie Kroes has admitted that Europe must find ways of working without the ACTA treaty.
THE EUROPEAN UNION'S chief policymaker for digital affairs has openly admitted that the controversial Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement treaty is unlikely to come into force in the EU.
Digital Agenda commissioner Neelie Kroes told an audience of bloggers in Berlin that it was a political reality that the international treaty, criticised by many as posing a major threat to online freedom, would never take force in Europe.
“We are now likely to be in a world without SOPA and without ACTA,” Kroes said. “Now we need to find solutions to make the Internet a place of freedom, openness, and innovation fit for all citizens.”
In a wide-ranging speech, Kroes argued that a degree of security was needed in order to safeguard online security, but said the main task facing authorities now was to guarantee this freedom without recourse to ACTA.
“There is no freedom without security; these concepts are interdependent and complementary. I may have the legal right to walk down a particular road at night – but am I truly free to do so, if it is not safe?”
Although ACTA is primarily aimed at stopping the trade of counterfeited physical goods, it contains provisions which demand that participating countries offer equal protection and enforcement procedures against digital copyright infringement.
Specifically, ACTA countries would allow Internet Service Providers (ISPs) to disclose a user's information to a copyright holder, where the latter has a sufficient claim that the user is breaching their copyright.
The treaty has already been signed by Ireland and most of the other EU member states, as well as the EU itself, in January – but in order for it to take effect it must first be ratified by the European Parliament, and then be approved by the parliaments of individual countries.
MEPs are expected to vote on ratifying ACTA at plenary level next month, though there have been appeals from some MEPs to defer a vote until the European Court of Justice has had a chance to rule on its legality.
The European Commission agreed last month to refer the treaty to that court, in order to ensure that the deal did not pose a danger to the rights of individual EU citizens.
Shea Weber, one assumes, will not be racing many horses during this NHL season. Were they to do so, the Canadiens would be in good shape.
That, at least, is one takeaway from a new McDonald's ad in which the defenseman races a cowboy on a horse. Weber is on an ice track; the horse is running on dirt. (Spoiler alert: Weber wins.)
Why, you might ask, is Shea Weber racing a horse?
Who knows. It presumably had something to do with a hamburger.
The 32-year-old Weber is hardly a speed merchant, but they extended their body to ease ahead of the horse at the finish line. Even they seem surprised by the outcome.
Having conquered the world of horse-vs.-hockey-player racing, all that's left for Weber to accomplish is winning the Stanley Cup.
Leader says Labour is not a nasty party after complaints about speaker at meeting on fringe of party's Brighton conference
Jeremy Corbyn has said antisemitism is “completely at odds with the beliefs of this party”, saying Labour was “not a nasty party”, a day after delegates attended a fringe meeting where a speaker said free speech should include the right to question the Holocaust.
The Labour leader spoke out as the conference prepared to pass a tough new rule change on combatting antisemitism and racism, as well as condemning threats against the BBC political editor, Laura Kuenssberg, who is said to have hired a bodyguard in order to attend the conference.
Labour conference: delegates to vote on antisemitism and leadership contest rule changes - live Read more
Corbyn said it was awful for anyone to brand Labour the nasty party, a term Theresa May used to describe perceptions of the Conservative party in 2002
“This is not a nasty party,” Corbyn told Channel 4 News. “This is the biggest Labour conference we have had for many, many years. Nobody should be abused, whoever they are. We have just passed a motion on racism and antisemitism, which is comprehensive and inclusive and is supported by all wings of the party and unanimously agreed by our national executive.
“Anyone using antisemitic language, anyone using any form of racist language, is completely at odds with the beliefs of this party.”
Asked about the threats made to Kuenssberg, Corbyn said: “I don't wish anyone to have to be accompanied by a bodyguard anywhere in our society and certainly not in our conference. I don't want anyone to be abused by anyone.”
Labour's deputy leader, Tom Watson, pledged that the party would investigate how it gave a platform at a conference fringe event to a speaker, Miko Peled, who said: “This is about free speech, the freedom to criticise and to discuss every issue, whether it's the Holocaust: yes or no, Palestine, the liberation, the whole spectrum. There should be no limits on the discussion.”
The rule change first proposed by the Jewish Labour Movement, which is now backed by Corbyn and the party's national executive committee, will tighten explicitly the party's stance towards members who are antisemitic or use other forms of hate speech, including racism, Islamophobia, sexism and homophobia.
In the interviews, Corbyn was also asked about the cult of personality that has been building around him. Delegates have been spotted carrying portraits of the Labour leader with a tinsel halo, and many are wearing T-shirts with theirs name.
“I often think it's embarrassing. It's not my wish. I did work hard on the election, but so did everybody else. We are a party of lots of people, half a million members,” they told Sky News.
Asked whether their treatment by supporters amounted to a personality cult, they told Five News: “It's not something I have ever sought. It isn't something I ever imagined. I want to lead this party to mobilise people to realise their aspirations and ambitions of living in a society that works for all its members.”
Here's how glamorous it is to be a Smithsonian curator collecting artifacts at a national political convention: You've been working up to 12 hours a day for four days, most of them on your feet. You've been toggling between the great outdoors, where the heat index has been pushing 100 degrees, and an arena air-conditioned to the chill of a meat locker. You‘ve been asking intensely impassioned strangers to donate some of their most prized possessions for the sake of history, and you've finally scored an artifact you've been coveting from the opening gavel—a pair of those three-sided vertical state signs from the convention floor that direct delegates where to sit.
They are made of something like cardboard, so you don't want to crush them. Yet they are triangular, and the edges are sharp enough to imprint the skin on your hand. Other convention attendees are heading out for their final night of partying, but you are heading for your car so you can entrust the signs to the safety of your trunk. Your car is parked many blocks away.
Then a pedicab looms out of the traffic. As you climb in, you might be tempted to think of divine intervention.
Yet this is the life Lisa Kathleen Graddy and Jon Grinspan, curators with the political history division of the Smithsonian's National Museum of American History, have chosen. After the Republican National Convention ended in Cleveland last week, they shipped roughly 100 pounds of ephemera back to Washington, D.C. Then they headed for Philadelphia, for another round of collecting among the Democrats.
That's what they do to document this moment in the nation's political history—to gather the physical objects that express the passions and issues of the 2016 campaign.
They can't simply hoover up everything people want to give away; there's too much of it, and some of it is old hat. So their essential challenge is to determine, in the moment, which things might retain their meaning over the long haul.
“The conversation around contemporary collecting is that you're gambling,” Graddy said when we caught up with them and Grinspan in Philadelphia. “You're playing hunches about what seems to relate to what has come before and what seems really new and different.”
Grinspan likened the enterprise to “being a time traveler, trying to guess or think what will be useful to people in a hundred years.”
What they like is “the back and forth, when there's a debate going on through objects.” There are times “when there's an appeal or an argument to be made through material from the convention, like when protesters take something and change it. In a hundred years, you'll be able to see a conversation between a poster that says, ‘Make American Great Again' and one that says, ‘America Was Never Great.' ”
People's passion clearly counts, but so does creativity. “One of the things I find fascinating is the way delegates are taking material and repurposing it,” Graddy said. “You're seeing wonderful things that give the party's ideas and then you see delegates write over them or add things to them to personalize them.” In Philadelphia, for example, some delegates were amending the nearly ubiquitous “Love Trumps Hate” signs to read “Bernie Trumps Hate.”
The 2016 campaign has already been historic for Donald J. Trump's insurgency and Hillary Clinton's becoming the first female major-party nominee—and for the intensity of expression of various points of view. The curators are seeking to capture the rough and tumble—minus clearly gratuitous invective.
Highly idiosyncratic expressions of political sentiment are rare and potentially more telling than manufactured stuff.
In Cleveland, one woman wore a homemade red floor-length cape with “Trump” sewn onto the back in sparkly white letters and electrified white Christmas lights lining the hem.
In Philadelphia, another woman—presumably a different woman—sported a homemade superhero cape touting Hillary Clinton.
The difficulty, the curators said, is that the more energy people put into artifacts to express themselves, the more they want to hold onto them—at least for the duration of the convention.
Take the women with the Clinton cape: “The feeling I got from them is that they would love to see it in the Smithsonian Institution, but not right now because it's such an important part of their identity as someone who was at this convention,” Graddy said.
In those cases, the curators dole out their business cards—Grinspan said they went through hundreds just in Cleveland—and hope the potential donors get back to them. On the weekend separating the conventions, emails from potential donors began to trickle into their inboxes.
“If this works out,” Graddy said, “it'll be like Christmas all year long.”
Universal Wink Enabled White Ceiling Fan Premier Remote Control is rated 3.8 out of 5 by 127 .
Rated 3 out of 5 by Steve from I wanted a fan controller for my back porch fans... I wanted a fan controller for my back porch fans that I could use with my Wink App and with Alexa. It works ok but not quite how I wanted it to. First of all, it seems to drop off of the Wink hub frequently, then comes back. I have the antenna mounted outside of the fan mount in plain site to the hub, and it's only about 15 feet away from the hub. Also, on the Wink App, you have to go to a separate page to control the fan. The light can be on my main page. What that means is that I can't group the two fan with their lights together to just turn them on with one command. the lights can group, but not the fan speeds. Oddly enough, you can control both the fans and lights together through the "Robot" programs in Wink. Also, I have not been able to link the Amazon Alexa with the fans. I can control the lights through it. I'm still trying to see if I can get it working. So yes, the fans linked with Wink easily. Just not quite as elegant as I had hoped it would be.
Rated 5 out of 5 by John from This fan controller is only for those of you with the patience to install it. This is not a plug... This fan controller is only for those of you with the patience to install it. This is not a plug an play setup. I personally bought 5 of them, one for each of my fans in my house. I do not use a Wink Hub so i cannot speak to the reliability of the Wink Hub. I can however state that it also happens to be compatible with SmartThings Hub (This Device runs on Zigbee). However, it will only register as a Zigbee Dimmer at first until you add some Custom Handlers to the system... A quick search will help you out. I have not experienced any drop offs of the fan controllers while using SmartThings (other than the one i accidentally blew up...oops...not a manufacturing issue there). Google Home integration is a little tricky, especially if there are multiple users in the home. Training will be required with this. I have had to set up custom routines for each of the users in my house to be able to control the 5 Fan modes, and the light. In my opinion....it is worth the effort. Eventually, Google will be able to handle these devices better.
Rated 1 out of 5 by PLR from Not satisfied. Item displayed on the website as "frequently bought together" with a universal wal... Not satisfied. Item displayed on the website as "frequently bought together" with a universal wall control unit 1001 309 491. I bought the two together so that I could have two remotes, one by each of the existing switches that controlled the light / fan. One of those in the home entrance, and there is nothing there to make sure the remote is not taken across the room. However, the universal wall control unit was not made for this device. WHY were they listed as "bought together"? Plus, there is no mount available for the remote. If so, I could by two remotes and mount each close to be the existing switches were located. It is important when using Wink products to also be able to just use a switch to operate the device. Specifically, Alexa does not respond well when the house if full of people. Who wants to find their phone just to turn off the light or fan? I think it would be a good product if I can replace the switch with a compatible remote and purchase a second compatible remote if needed. What I wanted was Wink enabled, my phone is a fine remote, and two "switch replacement" remotes.
Rated 4 out of 5 by InstantArcade from Pros: - Easy installation. - Controller is compact enough to fit in the tight space in the fan h... Pros: - Easy installation. - Controller is compact enough to fit in the tight space in the fan housing, requires the two antennas to stick out for best results, but the wink antenna is white to help blend in. - Controls the light too. - With a bit of research, you can set this up with a SmartThings hub. Search for "KOF Zigbee Fan Controller" to find the Device handler and child device handlers. - Works with Alexa (via the Smartthings hub), make sure to Discover devices after you have it all set up in Smart things. Also note that your can rename the devices in SmartThings to make activating with Alexa better e.g. rename the child device from Fan ComfortBreeze(tm) to just "Breeze" so you can say "Alexa turn Breeze on". Cons: - When working with Z-Wave/zigbee and the remote together, it seems to get into a toggle mode, which can be confusing. e.g. pressing the remote to switch modes, often also toggles the fan on and off.
Rated 4 out of 5 by Mike from I am re-issuing a review I did on this fan where I gave it one star. My biggest issue was the pro... I am re-issuing a review I did on this fan where I gave it one star. My biggest issue was the problem with the light in the fan not dimming. It only turned off and on. I rarely have this overhead light above 50%, so this was a big deal for me. All of my settings & dip switches were correct, and it just wouldn't dim. Until about 12 hours after installation. I randomly tried the slider in Wink this morning, and suddenly - it worked! That immediately added two more stars as far as I was concerned My next complaint was lack of integration for the fan with Alexa. I talk to my house to do everything, and not being able to get Alexa to turn on my fan using natural language was a problem. However, I set up multiple Stringify flows with Wink shortcuts using Alexa as the trigger. Then I set-up Alexa routines to run those flows using natural language (so I can say "Alexa, turn fan on medium-low.") They are all working smoothy, but I spent a lot of time setting it all up, so I added one more star. I will no longer be returning the product, and I'm sorry for not waiting a bit longer before I gave my initial review.
Rated 3 out of 5 by bob from The remote works well but we haven't had enough time to experience all of its features. One issue... The remote works well but we haven't had enough time to experience all of its features. One issue that should be looked at is the clearance within the mounting bracket for the wink controller and the downrod assembly. Had trouble mounting the wink because of all the wires that needed to be hooked up and then pushed back into the box - had to actually use the old down rod assembly unit since is been 1/4 shorter and gave just enough room to assemble everything.
Rated 1 out of 5 by Skyecam from Installation is can be very difficult depending on your fan. I have a Hunter fan and there was v... Installation is can be very difficult depending on your fan. I have a Hunter fan and there was very little room for device inside the cowling and NO way to route the Wink antenna out of the cowling without completely uninstalling the fan and mounting bracket. The real reason it gets only one star is that while the light control is Wink/Alexa compatible, the fan is not Alexa compatible. According to customer service, Alexa cannot discover the fan.
Bradley Wright-Phillips is having the greatest three-year stretch for a striker in MLS history.
The New York Red Bull has scored 61 goals over the past three seasons, tying a record set by Chris Wondolowski when they scored 61 goals from 2010-12. There's little doubt that Wright-Phillips will break that record at some point over the next six games.
They have scored very consistently since 2014 by being a menace in the box. You can see that in this graphic provided by OptaPro, which includes expected goal figures; the darker the color, the less likely they were to score. Amazingly, only one of their 61 goals has come from outside the box.
While he's not at their outrageous 2014 levels, when they scored 27 goals in the regular season and four more in the playoffs, they have been outperforming their expected goals number. This means he's scoring more goals than they would be expected to base on the shots they have taken.
Wright-Phillips currently sits 30th all-time in MLS regular season goals with 62 and has shown few signs of slowing down despite turning 31 in March. If they are able to sustain this kind of pace, or even see just a slight drop-off, they could easily become the 10th member of the 100-goal club.
In more pressing news, the Englishman is currently on a tear, scoring five goals in four games. With the Red Bulls chasing a top-two seed in the East, these kinds of performances could lead them to one of those spots and potentially their first MLS Cup.
If the regular season ended today ...
Eastern Conference Playoff Bracket Conference Semifinals 1. New York City FC Conference Semifinals 2. New York Red Bulls Knockout Round 3. Toronto FC VS. 6. Orlando City SC Knockout Round 4. Philadelphia Union VS. 5. Montreal Impact
Western Conference Playoff Bracket Conference Semifinals 1. FC Dallas Conference Semifinals 2. Real Salt Lake Knockout Round 3. LA Galaxy VS. 6. Portland Timbers Knockout Round 4. Colorado Rapids VS. 5. Sporting Kansas City
Strength of Schedule and Expected Points
The strength of schedule metric takes into account the average points per game (PPG) that each team's opponents earn at home and on the road. The lower the PPG, the easier the schedule.
For example, if FC Dallas traveled to play the LA Galaxy, who have averaged 2.5 PPG at home, and then hosted the Vancouver Whitecaps, who have averaged 1.53 PPG on the road, their opponents' PPG would be 2.02. The higher the PPG, the more difficult a team's remaining schedule.
The Expected Points metric is strictly based off of what teams have done up to this point. For example, New York City FC have collected 1.64 points per game at home this season and 1.50 on the road. So if they continue averaging those totals, with five more home games left and four more road games, they would be expected to collect 53.43 points.
Here are both the Strength of Schedule and Expected Points rankings for each conference:
TEAM EXPECTED POINTS Toronto FC 55.53 New York Red Bulls 54.14 New York City FC 53.43 Philadelphia Union 48.57 Montreal Impact 46.33 Orlando City SC 42.41 D.C. United 39.79 New England Revolution 36.43 Chicago Fire 34.00 Columbus Crew SC 32.79
It's time to watch the YES broadcast team do yoga together
MLB players have Spring Training to get in shape for the regular season. The YES broadcast team has yoga. OK, this isn't a regular part of their routine, but they all got together in March for a yoga-themed ad and invented some of their own poses:
The YES gang came up with a new yoga pose - The Flash! pic.twitter.com/NxVP4aBWe1 - YES Network (@YESNetwork) March 8, 2017
Does that look familiar? Well, it should, especially to catcher-turned-broadcaster John Flaherty:
What's next? This pose might look familiar too:
They just call that "the Cone." Wonder why?
Oh, yeah.
You can thank on-air production assistant Brielle Saracini for the idea for the promo. "Basically, this shoot is inspired by true events of me being terrible at yoga," they told us. "What is the exact opposite of the beautiful, dreamy, traditional promotion? Trying to get all of our talent in one room trying to do these ridiculous yoga poses."
Of course, you're probably wondering which YES broadcaster turned out to be the best at said poses. According to Michael Kay, no one. "I think we're all pretty bad," they said. "Paul [O'Neill] might be the most athletic, but it looks like he's having trouble stretching, too."
But this isn't the only non-baseball related scene you'll see from the YES team this year. According to Bob Lorenz, there will be a mockumentary-style spot as well. "It's sort of along the lines of this promo shoot. It's nothing serious - we're having fun. We think it's funny, but I hope everyone else does, too."
"The thing that's great about this is that everybody really likes each other," said Kay.
No word on what everyone thinks about Kay's neon sweatshirt, though:
"You can't pick a better group of people to work with," said analyst Ken Singleton. "It's a fun atmosphere. Baseball's supposed to be fun. You're supposed to help people relax and enjoy a ballgame."
Gemma Kaneko has been a writer for Cut4 since the end of their term as Witch President in 2014.  They are the proudest Tigers fan in New York City.
City Announces Ambitious Transportation Plan
By Chuck Sudo in News on May 11, 2012 2:00PM
Image via The Expired Meter
The Chicago Department of Transportation unveiled a two-year, wide-ranging transportation plan yesterday that covers everything from pothole repair to increasing access trips to O'Hare and Midway Airports. (The 100-page report can be read here, as a PDF file.)
The main priority of the plan is safety, according to Transportation Commissioner Gabe Klein, with a goal of eliminating all pedestrian, bicycle and overall traffic crash fatalities within 10 years.
You read that right. Klein believes it's possible.
“Some people might look at that and say, ‘Is that a realistic goal?' We spent a lot of time thinking about that and we absolutely think it's a realistic goal,” Klein said.
To accomplish that goal, the city plan on installing countdown pedestrian signals at 300 intersections this year and, funding permitting, another 100 next year; alter stoplights at 100 intersections this year to give pedestrians an extra three seconds to cross the street; and fill all potholes before the next winter starts and set a goal of filling reported potholes within 72 hours.
Other projects the plan calls to address include:
Julian Bruns
In den letzten fünf Jahren hat es die Neue Rechte geschafft, ihr Schneckenhaus zu verlassen und in der Welt „dort draußen“ nicht nur auf Ablehnung, sondern auf wachsende Zustimmung zu den Themen zu stoßen, an denen sie sich seit den letzten zwei Jahrzehnten abarbeitet. Was ist geschehen, dass die rechten Angebote nun veremehrt Interesse wecken? Worin genau bestehen die Angebote?
Der Terror – die Krise(n) – „die allgemeine Mobilmachung“
Für die deutsche Neue Rechte waren die Anschläge des 11. Septembers 2001 nicht nur Zeitenwende, sondern auch wichtiger Impuls für einen Generationwechsel, der zahlreiche Neugründungen von Institutionen und Projekten zeitigte. Der wichtigste Komplex stellt das Bündel aus Institut für Staatspolitik (IfS), der Zeitschrift Sezession und dem Verlag Antaios mit Götz Kubitschek und seinem Wohnsitz Schnellroda als Konzentrationspunkt der Szene dar. In den folgenden eineinhalb Jahrzehnten betrieb Kubitschek mit seinen Kamerad_innen umtriebig das, was died Neue Rechte als „Metapolitik“ bezeichnet: Netzwerke aufbauen, Kampf um Diskurse, Personen in strategische Positionen setzen und – als eines der zentralsten Projekte – Multiplikator_innen finden und fördern. Mit Thilo Sarrazin Bestseller „Deutschland schafft sich ab“ (2011) wurde schließlich, auch nach Kubitscheks Auffassung, ein Markstein gesetzt. Von der diskursiven Ebene verschob sich der Fokus anschließend auf einen Bereich der Neuen Rechten, der, mit Ausnahme eines kurzlebigen Versuchs, bislang ignoriert worden war: Aktionismus. Allen voran in den 2012 in Frankreich enstandenen und rasch auch in Deutschland aktiven „Identitären Bewegung“ war etwas herangewachsen, was den Altherrenklub der Neuen Rechten gefehlt hatte – junge Menschen, die authentisch ein Angebot rechten Widerstands verkörperten, das nicht an verstaubte Parteienpolitik erinnert. Die Wirtschaftskrise und der Umgang insbesondere auf EU-Ebene verstärkte bei Teilen der deutschen Bevölkerung eine Entfremdung von Parteienpolitik, die bereits mit der verstärkten Neoliberalisierung Ende der 1990er Jahre begonnen hatte. Prekäre Beschäftigungsverhältnisse, ein aufgeblähter Niedriglohnsektor, Hartz IV und die Ängste der (noch) Privilegierten davor, abzurutschen trugen zu einem weitverbreiten Gefühl bei, von immer weniger unterscheidbar wirkenden Volksparteien nicht mehr repräsentiert zu werden.
Der Fascho-Ästhet und Identäre-Bewegungs-Scheitel vom Dienst: Martin Sellner Martin Maga (CC BY-SA 4.0)
Das Jahr 2014 brachte schließlich die Ideen und Köpfe der Neuen Rechten auf die Straßen der Bundesrepublik. Jürgen Elsässer (Compact Magazin) bei den Monatgsmahnwachen, Identitäre bei Hooligans gegen Salafisten und Lutz Bachmann bei Pegida sowie seine Ableger waren und sind Dauerthemen in den Medien und verschoben insbesondere die Diskurse über Flucht, Migration und „den“ Islam nach rechts. Aber auch „Gender“, Feminismus, Homosexualität wurden immer wieder zum Ziel dieser rechten selbsternannten Widerstandsphänomene. Eine zeitlang gelang der Rechten eine „allgemeine Mobilmachung“, der Streit über Ausrichtung und Entwicklung der AfD brachte aber Risse in die stets komplizierte Beziehung zwischen dem IfS und der Zeitung Junge Freiheit um Herausgeber Dieter Stein. Der kleinste gemeinsame Nenner der Rechten blieb jedoch bestehen: (völkischer) Nationalismus.
Das „Eigene“ statt Globalisierung
Ein Teil der Modernisierungsstrategie, die die Neue Rechte von der Alten Rechte unterscheidet, liegt darin, für die alte Ideologie neue, unbelastete Begrifflichkeiten zu finden. Dies zeigt sich etwa in Buchtiteln wie „Die Verteidigung des Eigenen“ (2011) von Martin Lichtmesz. Nationalismus und Rassismus werden hier rhetorisch als bloße Selbstverteidigungsmaßnahmen dargestellt und legitimiert. Zugleich steckt in diesem Titel eines der rechten Kernangebote: Ein rechtes Identitätskonzpet, welches auf (biologischer) Abstammung und kultureller Zugehörigkeit basiert, wird der verwirrenden Vielfalt an Identitäten gegenübergestellt, die insbesondere mit der Globalisierung und supranationalen Konstrukten wie EU verknüpft werden. Dabei sind längst nicht mehr einzelne Nationen im Vordergrund, sondern Europa als solches. Es geht um die Verteidigung des europäischen Kontinents als zusammenhängender, christlich gedachter Kulturraum gegen die „bösen Mächte“ von Außen – USA, „der Islam“ oder die Armutsmigration aus Afrika. Die rechte Identität bietet in einer komplexen Welt eine beruhigende Gewissheit – jene von einer unhintergehbaren, da „natürlichen“ Identität. Neben der Konstruktion des „Eigenen“ gehört immer dessen drohender Untergang zu rechten Ideologien. Die Verschwörungstheorie vom „großen Austausch“ der authochthonen Bevölkerung Europas durch Geflüchtete und Migrant_innen ist dessen jüngste Ausformung in der Neuen Rechten. Daran knüpft sich ein weiteres Angebot: Werde Teil des Widerstands gegen den „großen Austausch“.
„Ich möchte Teil einer Männerphantasie sein“ - rechte Erlebniswelt der Identitären
Die rechstextreme „Identitäre Bewegung“ inszeniert sich als Speerspitze des Widerstands gegen den „großen Austausch“. Sie richtet sich vor allem an junge Männer und zelebriert eine virile und soldatische Männlichkeit sowie das Schmittsche „Primat der Tat“ in von Linken übernommenen Aktionsformen. Ihre geleakten Strategiepapiere offenbaren, dass sie sich selbst als Elite der Rechten sehen, als Widerstandskämpfer einer letzten Generation, die über die nötigen Mittel (Jugend, Metapolitik, Aktionismus) sowie „Geheimwissen“ verfügt (die Ideen der „Konservativen Revolution“). Ihr Widerstands-Pathos teilt sie mit Pegida, auf deren Veranstaltungen „Widerstand“ ein schlichter Schlachtruf ist, und Götz Kubitschek, für den es ein zentraler Begriff in seinen Schriften ist, etwa in der Reihe „Widerstandsschritte“. Das Ziel besteht bei allen Protagonist_innen darin, das Vakuum zu füllen, das die derzeitige Krise der Repräsentation verursacht hat. Kapitalistische Zumutungen und soziale Bedrängnisse werden von der Neuen Rechten rassistisch erklärt. Mit pseudo-demokratischen Begrifflichkeiten ruft sie zum Widerstand gegen ein verhasstes System auf, an dessen Ende die „Kulturrevolution von rechts“ stehen soll.
Julian Bruns ist ein Wiener Skandinavist. Gemeinsam mit Kathrin Glösel und Natascha Strobl verfasste er „Die Identitären: Handbuch zur Jugendbewegung der Neuen Rechten in Europa“
It's finally over.
The endless debate regarding the next captain of the Montreal Canadiens has been settled, and it was done in the best manner possible; by allowing the players to vote.
The 29th captain of the Habs will be none other than Max Pacioretty, who served as an alernate captain last year with P.K. Subban, Andrei Markov, and Tomas Plekanec.
The Canadiens will carry four alternate captains this year, presumably alternating the letters for home and away games.
It's a perfect solution, seeing as none of the alternate captains from last year deserved to have their letters stripped.
Now that Pacioretty is captain, Brendan Gallagher will also receive an A on their jersey. Plekanec, Markov, and Subban will continue to serve as alternate captains.
Truthfully, it doesn't matter who is captain, seeing as Carey Price is the undisputed leader of the team, but Pacioretty's relentless work ethic on the ice makes them a fine choice. He's got tenacity, leadership, and talent to spare, and now he's the captain of the most storied NHL franchise. And to think, just a few years ago we were wondering if he'd ever play hockey again. It's worth noting that Pacioretty is taking French lessons, with a tutor provided by the team.
"Last year prepared me a lot for this" said Pacioretty earlier this summer. "I would be honoured if this opportunity came."
With a strong supporting cast, most notably the leadership provided by Subban, I have no doubt that Pacioretty will do a great job fulfilling the captaincy role. Subban will continue to be the lightning rod, Markov and Plekanec will be the calming veterans, and Gallagher will provide energy.
But more importantly, the team can finally move on from the distraction, and concentrate on what's most important: winning hockey games.
Want to get your hands on a new VFX tool without spending a penny? Well, today Blackmagic has surprised the video industry by releasing the brand-new version of Fusion for free. Download Fusion 7 for Windows for free.
Update: Fusion 7 is coming to the Mac. Blackmagic CEO Grant Petty has revealed that the famously Mac-loving company is working on a Mac OS X version of Fusion. More details at the bottom of this story.
There are two versions of Fusion 7. The standard version is free and is aimed freelancers or small studios, while Fusion 7 Studio costs £635 and has tools for larger post-production and VFX houses.
Fusion 7 features an infinite 3D workspace and a node based workflow for quickly building unlimited effects. Customers get advanced 3D compositing, paint, rotoscope, retiming, stabilisation, titling, a 3D particle generator and multiple keyers, including Primatte.
Fusion 7 also lets customers import and render 3D geometry and scenes from other applications as well as create their own elements from scratch.
The software has been used in many Hollywood blockbusters, TV series and high-end commercials, but tended to be restricted to the elite end of the visual effects market. Now Blackmagic Design is claiming the move to make Fusion 7 available free of charge will revolutionise the industry.
Blackmagic dramatically bought Fusion-developer Eyeon just prior to IBC in September when Fusion 7 was entering its final stages of development. This shock pricing news is certain to create waves in an industry clustered around just a few major players.
Boutique VFX studio Coffee and TV is a long-time user of Fusion, and managing director Derek Moore greeeted the Blackmagic announcement enthusiastically.
"From a company point of view anything that gives the best artists the tools they need is welcome," Moore told us. "We provide a creative environment for talented artists to create the best visuals at affordable prices. Free software encourages more people to learn to be artists - if they become good enough they can work with us. A stronger, bigger, pool of talent to choose from will make our offering better. What's not to like?"
Blackmagic already offers a free version of one of its other former acqusitions, grading software DaVinci Resolve Lite. It has also had a substantial impact on the broadcast and post production hardware and high-end camera markets with a range of comparatively lower-cost, high quality products.
"Visual effects software has been expensive for way too long and it's time that this changed” said Blackmagic Design CEO Grant Petty. "Consumers are screaming for more exciting movies and television programs and so we need to do everything we can to help our customers create stunning visual effects. Now, with the free version of Fusion, everyone from individual artists to the biggest studios can create Hollywood calibre visual effects and motion graphics.
"When combined with DaVinci Resolve Lite, customers can get the world's most advanced tools for editing, grading, 3D compositing, visual effects and motion graphics, all absolutely free."
Fusion 7 Studio includes tools that aren't in the free version that most studios will need. However, Blackmagic said Fusion 7 Studio will drastically reduce the cost of setting up multi user studios. It's available for £635 from Blackmagic Design resellers worldwide.
Fusion 7 Studio includes everything found in the free Fusion 7 software, plus adds extra high-end features such as optical flow tools for advanced retiming, stabilisation and stereoscopic 3D production, support for third party OpenFX plug ins, and distributed network rendering so customers can render jobs on an unlimited number of computers at no additional cost.
Fusion 7 Studio also includes Generation, a studio wide multi user workflow and collaboration tool that helps creative teams manage, track and review versions of every shot in a production. Customers can also move projects from the free Fusion 7 software to a workstation running Fusion 7 Studio and take advantage of workflow collaboration and unlimited distributed network rendering.
In a dig at its new competitors in the VFX/motion graphics space, Blackmagic said that Fusion 7 Studio would not require annual maintenance fees, subscriptions, a connection to the cloud, or per node render license costs.
Fusion 7 for Mac
Following the announcement,Blackmagic CEO Grant Petty has revealed that Blackmagic is working on a version of Fusion for Mac OS X. The plan is to allow anyone who purchases the Windows version of Fusion 7 Studio to use their dongle on the Mac and to be able to download that Mac OS X version of Fusion free of charge.
“That's what we do with DaVinci Resolve and it's very flexible,” they added. "I am sorry I cannot be more specific with timeframes, but it's early days and so this is about the limit of the information I have."
“We are lucky that the engineering team who has been working on Fusion 7 has kept the codebase very modern and clean so that allows us to move it forward,” said Petty. “However there is some Windows specific code in the buttons and menus in Fusion, and that code is being changed out right now. What that means is the time it's going to take to do a Mac OS X version of Fusion is a bit unknown, and so it's impossible right now to specify any kind of release day.”
Petty added, "I use a Mac so I want to use Fusion without needing the VMware emulator I need to use now.”
ZOOEY DESCHANEL: It's sexist to think that somebody can't act in a girly way or speak the way I want to speak or to assume that I'm not a strong and intelligent woman because of my appearance. [MUSIC PLAYING] I did the opposite of what most people do. I was like a wild, crazy kid, and then I became sort of composed and disciplined as a teenager. When I was 17, I wrote a letter to Vogue about an article that they had published called America's Beauty ideal. And for whatever reason, it really struck a chord with me. I thought, well, I know a lot of people who are beautiful in different ways. Even though I was a weird kid and it took me a long time to find myself socially, the one place I always felt comfortable was onstage in a theater, acting, or singing, and playing music. All the other stuff that wasn't great didn't matter. My mother is an actor and a writer, and my father was a cinematographer and a director. So they both had gotten to do what they wanted to do. So I think they felt like my sister and I should both do the things that made us happy. As soon as I got my driver's license, I was out there after school driving myself to auditions. I was terrible for the first year I auditioned. I was so nervous. When I'd go in, I would shake, and I would be really-- terrifying. So I needed to sort of get my sea legs, my audition legs so to speak. My first movie that I did was called Mumford. And when I got that, there was definitely a shift in my mind where I just got a lot of confidence from that little piece of validation. A lot changed for me once I sort of developed that confidence. I was attracted to the New Girl because I hadn't read a part this great for a woman in a really long time. I like the fact that this was a female character who was emotional, who is girly. And I wouldn't say I'm exactly like that character. But they have a lot of the things that I can really relate to. Ultimately a TV show is an ensemble and you are setting each other up for jokes. But I loved that they had so much of the comedy hung on them I think that's really rare. It was so refreshing to get to do a role that is sort of the clown. And that was something that I could always do, but never had the chance to do because you're playing someone's girlfriend or friend who's shaking their finger and normal. And this was like a serious gamble on my own self and my name and my ability to maintain a character over a long period of time. Women generally weren't the central characters. It's really in the last two years changed tremendously. Most of the shows that got picked up and became successful were female centric, with the success of bridesmaids. And a number of things just happens to make people say, oh, yeah, women can do this. What's cool about what's happening right now is that it's not about women acting like men. It's about women acting like women and being successful and in spite of it. [LAUGHS] [MUSIC PLAYING]
ZOOEY DESCHANEL: Being yourself and being true to what makes you happy is the most important thing. Because otherwise when you look back on your life if you think you were just living to make someone else happy, if that doesn't make you happy-- maybe you live to make someone else happy but really that makes you happy and that's great. But if you're not living to make yourself happy, then I think that that's sort of what might make you regret things. Being myself and being true to myself is sort of like the core of my philosophy, and I think what I would ultimately is the best advice I think I could give. [MUSIC PLAYING]
World Cup winner Hummels: "The European Championships aren't won in early spring"
DFB.de: You are enjoying a successful season with Borussia Dortmund, second place in the table, and still in both the DFB Cup and the Europa League. Last year you met up with the national team in the middle of a relegation battle with your club. Does club success have an impact on your experience with Germany?
Hummels: Generally speaking it's very helpful to know the whole of your defence well, both in defensive midfield and in the back four. I have played with those two so many times that our understanding of each other's games won't wane. We are all experienced players and know each other well. We have established a good style of play over the years, and I am not worried looking ahead to the EUROs. We will have plenty of time to prepare, and to get ourselves back on the right level.
DFB.de: Injuries have also hit the DFB defence, with regular centre halves Jerome Boateng and Benedikt Höwedes not in the squad. How important is it for you to be familiar with your central defensive partner?
Hummels: That applies to all footballers really. You're always frustrated on the first day but by the second day your focus is on doing everything you can to shorten the time spent on the sidelines.
DFB.de: And you have faith in their ability to recover as quickly as possible?  They are the kind of player that will do everything to get back on the pitch without any delay…
Hummels: Of course we feel very sorry for him. Every player who has experienced this kind of injury in the past knows how frustrating and demoralising it can be. Bastian will be gutted, as are we - they are our captain. I obviously hope that the injury isn't too serious, and that it doesn't have an impact on their EURO participation.
DFB.de: Mr. Hummels, Die Mannschaft received some bad news recently, namely the injury of Bastian Schweinsteiger. How much will this affect the team? Is there a lot of empathy in the squad?
Big aims with Dortmund, and some big games with Germany; Mats Hummels' season is far from over. BVB are in still in the running for a treble of titles, and Germany will be looking to follow up their World Cup success with a European Championship trophy. In an interview with DFB.de's Steffen Lüdeke, Hummels discusses their ambitions, injuries, and the game against England in Berlin on Saturday (20:45 CET).
Big aims with Dortmund, and some big games with Germany; Mats Hummels' season is far from over. BVB are in still in the running for a treble of titles, and Germany will be looking to follow up their World Cup success with a European Championship trophy. In an interview with DFB.de's Steffen Lüdeke, Hummels discusses their ambitions, injuries, and the game against England in Berlin on Saturday (20:45 CET).
DFB.de: Mr. Hummels, Die Mannschaft received some bad news recently, namely the injury of Bastian Schweinsteiger. How much will this affect the team? Is there a lot of empathy in the squad?
Mats
Hummels: Of course we feel very sorry for him. Every player who has experienced this kind of injury in the past knows how frustrating and demoralising it can be. Bastian will be gutted, as are we - they are our captain. I obviously hope that the injury isn't too serious, and that it doesn't have an impact on their EURO participation.
DFB.de: And you have faith in their ability to recover as quickly as possible?  They are the kind of player that will do everything to get back on the pitch without any delay…
Hummels: That applies to all footballers really. You're always frustrated on the first day but by the second day your focus is on doing everything you can to shorten the time spent on the sidelines.
DFB.de: Injuries have also hit the DFB defence, with regular centre halves Jerome Boateng and Benedikt Höwedes not in the squad. How important is it for you to be familiar with your central defensive partner?
Hummels: Generally speaking it's very helpful to know the whole of your defence well, both in defensive midfield and in the back four. I have played with those two so many times that our understanding of each other's games won't wane. We are all experienced players and know each other well. We have established a good style of play over the years, and I am not worried looking ahead to the EUROs. We will have plenty of time to prepare, and to get ourselves back on the right level.
DFB.de: You are enjoying a successful season with Borussia Dortmund, second place in the table, and still in both the DFB Cup and the Europa League. Last year you met up with the national team in the middle of a relegation battle with your club. Does club success have an impact on your experience with Germany?
Hummels: Not really, I have been part of the Germany set up for quite a while. I consider myself to be established in the squad. Of course there's a difference though, last year Germany represented a sort of holiday from the crisis in Dortmund, whereas now us BVB players come here with a positive outlook.
DFB.de: Are you dreaming of winning a 'little' treble with BVB this season?
Hummels: That would mean us winning the Bundesliga, which certainly won't be easy. We are playing at championship-winning level, but Bayern have had very few slip-ups this season. We suffered as a result of the ten days in September last year, where we lost seven points in three games. For that reason you have to admit winning a cup is a lot more likely than us clinching the league title.
DFB.de: You face Liverpool in the Europa League. Are you looking forward to the reunion with Klopp?
Hummels: I'm not thinking about that yet, Liverpool isn't my focus. We have two international games, and a home match against Bremen beforehand. But of course, it's a game with a special twist because of Jürgen Klopp.
DFB.de: You've got plenty of huge games coming up, against England, Italy, the derby, Liverpool, and a DFB Cup semi-final. How excited are you?
Hummels: These next weeks will be just as hard as the previous ones have been. And I hope that they are equally enjoyable, but we will need to get the right results.
DFB.de: Regardless of titles, how satisfying is it to be competing at the top once again with Borussia Dortmund?
Hummels: Last season was not only an exception, it was an extreme situation. A mixture of bad luck, a lack of confidence, and we would be lying if we said we didn't think: 'we might be going down.' It was a bizarre situation, but we told ourselves that the following year we would be at least the second-best team in Germany once again. We knew what we were capable of, and that it was all in our hands. It's positive that we turned it around so empathically, but we are not done yet, we have a lot still ahead.
DFB.de: You have said in the past that the World Cup triumph is not the highlight of your career, because the whole things still feel so surreal?
Hummels: It has become more real as time has gone on. To be honest, the emotions I had in Brazil were not more special than the ones I had after that first Bundesliga title in 2011. That was also something incredible, so unexpected. It's impossible to say which title pleased me the most, but the World Cup was of course exceptional.
DFB.de: Do you think winning the EUROs would be different, or something you could come to terms with quicker?
Hummels: I can't say at this stage. Winning league titles is something that sinks in almost immediately, and after a week you have processed the emotions. In terms of the World Cup, it took me over a year before I truly realised what I had achieved. It's difficult to say where the EUROs would fit in.
DFB.de: How has the triumph in Brazil affected you as a player? Has your confidence grown as a result, or has there truly been no change?
Hummels: I don't think along those lines. We players are used to being judged on a weekly basis, and it's been like that since I was six years old. You get used to having one game a week that you simply have to win, and for that reason success quickly fades into the past. I would say that also applies to the big triumph in Brazil two years ago.
DFB.de: Is that not a bit of a shame?
Hummels: Yes. It would certainly be nice to be able to enjoy the whole thing a bit more. However, this is part and parcel of the game, and I was focused on physical recovery following the World Cup. After that, it was all about preparing myself for the next challenge.
DFB.de: The international year begins with two classic encounters against England and Italy. You won't have such good memories of the same fixture in November of 2013?
Hummels: That's true. I was meant to be given a rest on that day, but wanted to play at least a half. It was always a dream of mine to play against England at Wembley. But I injured myself and was out for the following three months. I learned my lesson.
DFB.de: In what sense?
Hummels: I listen to my body a lot more nowadays. If my body warns me, then I pay attention. Ultimately I am looking to play as much as possible, but I learned to be a bit cleverer with my body after the injury against England. This is very important.
DFB.de: Now you face England again. How do you rate them as a team?
Hummels: In my opinion they are one of the top teams, and among the five or six teams that will challenge for the trophy next summer. They have a lot of good, young players and have managed to build a very strong squad - both defensively and offensively. They have proved that both in World Cup and EURO qualification - it will be a good test for us.
DFB.de: How important are these games? Is it important to get off to a good start with the national side?
Hummels: It is important, especially in terms of building confidence. Although you have to say, the EUROs are not won in early spring. We want to put in a good performance, and give the fans something to enjoy.
More than a year ago, Uber and Lyft warned the city council of Austin that if they passed a package of burdensome fingerprinting requirements for ridesharing companies, Austinites might be left without options. The sponsor of the regulation, Ann Kitchen, issued a sharp rebuke.
“To threaten to leave, simply because we are trying to protect public safety, cannot be my deciding factor,” Kitchen shot back. “There are other transportation network companies, and they will be here.”
The onerous fingerprint requirements would create needless ‘friction,' and shrink the pool of rideshare drivers.Now that SXSW 2017 has come and gone, the festival is retreating in the rear view mirror and the councilwoman is eating their words. When push came to shove, the vaunted alternatives to Uber and Lyft that they promised would pick up the slack simply couldn't do the job. At the peak of the festival, Fasten and RideAustin – two apps that promised they could replace Uber and Lyft – either crashed or malfunctioned when it mattered most. The apps issued soaring prices, posted inaccurate information, and left countless riders without any options to get around. In some cases, SXSW speakers and staff were unable to meet their responsibilities for the event as a result.
“Fasten and RideAustin were granted practical access and spiritual absolution by the people of Austin because they boast about eschewing the very market forces that allow Uber and Lyft to work well, especially during a big event,” writes Mary Katherine Ham for the Federalist. “By only allowing access for ride-sharing services that act less like Uber and more like taxis, they got ride-sharing services that work less like Uber and more like taxis, whose failures are the very reason Uber and Lyft exist.”
A week later as SXSW wound down, the apps struggled. Patrice Lee Onwuka, Generation Opportunity's communication director who flew in for a panel on the last day noted:
“I spent a good half hour at the airport trying to get RideAustin to work to no avail,” said Onwuka who was hopeful that RideAustin had figured out its tech issues by the near end of the conference. “As an ardent supporter of disruptive companies in the sharing economy, I tried to make it work. Too bad the only disruption I experienced was to my schedule by a failed app that just wasn't ready for primetime.”
Onwuka eventually gave up and took a cab instead.
During the fight over the proposed regulations, spokespersons for Uber and Lyft argued that the onerous fingerprint requirements would create needless ‘friction,' raise response time for riders, and also shrink their pool of rideshare drivers. Opponents also warned the regulation would disproportionately impact people of color, due to the fact that it includes arrest records rather than just convictions. But the special interest groups pushing the regulations didn't listen.
John Davidson reported on the timeline of the battle last May:
“Here's what happened. Back in December [2015], Austin's city council passed an ordinance requiring fingerprinting for drivers, “trade dress” for rideshare vehicles, restrictions on where drivers can pick up and drop off passengers, and an onerous data reporting scheme. Among the many justifications offered by the city council, the taxi lobby, and their cheerleaders in the local press was the need to “create a level playing field.” “In response, Uber and Lyft collected more than 65,000 signatures—more than three times the required amount—in support of a more reasonable ordinance to regulate ridesharing. It was placed on the ballot as Proposition 1 and a special election was held May 7. A paltry 17 percent of voters weighed in—in a city of more than 885,000—and the pro-regulation crowd won the day by a vote of 48,673 to 38,539, thanks in part to the confusing ballot language.”
Sharing economy advocates knew this was coming, but special interests in Austin continued to ignore the warnings. Now that one of Austin's largest cultural events has been so negatively impacted by the lack of viable ridesharing options, Austin voters should re-examine the burdensome regulations that created this situation. It's time to welcome Uber and Lyft back to Austin.
If you think Austin should change reconsider its rules share this story on Facebook or Twitter with #SXSW.
Republished from Generation Opportunity.
Israeli-American billionaire Haim Saban on Saturday called Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump a “clown” who would be dangerous to Israel and the world as a whole should they take the White House.
Saban, an entertainment magnate best known for producing the Mighty Morphin Power Rangers, is one of the biggest backers of Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton. They told Channel 2 in an interview aired Saturday night that the GOP candidate was “dangerous for the world, and since Israel is part of the world, therefore he's dangerous to Israel.”
“He's unpredictable,” Saban said of Trump. “It's very hard to know what he's really thinking. One day they give an interview to an Israeli paper and says you'll never have had such a friend in the White House from the moment I'm president. A day later they ask them about the situation in the Middle East and they say, no, I'll be neutral, I'm from the UN. I won't intervene.”
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
Saban was alluding to Trump's remarks last month ahead of the South Carolina primaries in which they said they would be “sort of neutral guy” in trying to broker a peace deal between Israel and the Palestinians. At the same time they have repeatedly said they are “totally pro-Israel.”
“It's impossible to know with him. Everyday is something different,” Saban said. They then appeared to backtrack from their remark that a Trump presidency would be dangerous for Israel, saying, “I can't tell you whether it'll be good or bad for Israel. I can tell you it will be indeterminable.”
Turning to Clinton, Saban stumped for the Democratic candidate, saying the former secretary of state would be a much better candidate for Israel, or more specifically for those who are interested in a two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
Saban has donated over $2 million to the Clinton campaign as of November 2015, according to figures cited by The Washington Post . They have also donated at least $10 million to the Clinton Foundation . The entertainment magnate has an estimated net worth of $3.6 billion as of 2016, according to Forbes .
They pointed out that Clinton has a 25-year history with Israel and “if you believe in a two-state solution, Hillary Clinton will be excellent for Israel, will be excellent for the Middle East, will be excellent for the world, and will be excellent for the United States.”
Saban said Clinton would work “in the most efficient way conceivable” with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu should they be elected to the White House in November and downplayed any possible tension between the two.
In the mid-1970s, theoretical astrophysicist Kip Thorne, working with collaborator Anna Zytkow, postulated the existence of a bizarre form of star. Now known as Thorne-Zytkow objects (TZOs), these bodies were the product of the merger of two separate stars: one a giant star, the second a neutron star. They were able to calculate several likely properties of these stars, making predictions for what they might look like. But in the intervening years, none have been discovered.
Anna Zytkow, however, did not give up the search. And now, 40 years later, they may have spotted one. They and three collaborators (Phil Massey, Nidia Morrell, and Emily Levesque) have reported what may be the first observational evidence that TZOs exist.
Neutron stars are the cores of massive stars that have undergone a supernova. Their massive gravity compresses matter so much that an object the mass of the Sun can squeeze into a sphere about 20 km across. At these densities, matter is compressed down to neutrons—and possibly even a sea of subatomic particles.
To form a star massive enough to undergo a supernova generally requires a dense cloud of gas, which often forms additional stars. These companions can exchange mass with the neutron stars in various ways, but Thorne and Zytkow suggested that they may do more than interact—the companion can swallow the neutron star. Many stars evolve through a giant phase in which their envelope expands significantly. Should the neutron star be orbiting close enough, this expansion could cause the giant star to envelop its companion.
When this happens, the neutron star's orbit would rapidly be slowed down by its interactions with the gas, causing it to spiral toward the star's center. Once there, it would displace the normal core of the star, in effect taking over the center of the object. Although its intense gravity would draw matter in, its equally intense heat would drive it off, creating a stable balance—the TZO.
On the exterior, the object would look much like any other red giant star. But there would be differences. The intense heat near the neutron star would trigger different fusion reactions from those normally found at the center of a red giant. Based on then-current models of convection inside these stars, Thorne and Zytkow predicted that some of the elements that result from these unusual processes would make their way to the star's surface, creating a distinctive signature that we can detect using spectroscopy.
The team, including Zytkow herself, continued searching for this signature, even though spectroscopy on distant stars requires a high-powered telescope in order to resolve the appropriate wavelengths of light. In the new report, they and their collaborators took data from a total of 62 red supergiants in the Milky Way and its companion dwarf galaxies, the Large and Small Magellanic Clouds.
To look for a TZO, the team searched the spectrums for some of the elements predicted to be produced in high quantities in these objects: lithium, rubidium, strontium, vanadium, zirconium, and molybdenum. Not all of these are easy to image, so they focused on lithium, rubidium, and molybdenum. They compared the levels of these elements with elements that create spectral features nearby but aren't expected to be enhanced in TZOs: potassium, calcium, iron, and nickel.
Most of the stars clustered together, having similar levels of these elements. But a single star, HV 2112, was a consistent outlier, having ratios of elements that were generally off by three standard deviations compared to the other ones. Although HV 2112 had been observed before, no one had ever obtained a detailed enough spectrum to determine that it had such an unusual composition.
There are two caveats to this work. One is that the star appears to be in the Small Magellanic Cloud. If it's not, then some of the measurements of its properties will be off, meaning it may not be a red supergiant—and thus not a TZO. It would still be unusual, just not this particular type of unusual.
The second thing is that the object doesn't show all the properties predicted for TZOs, and it has a few additional ones that weren't predicted back in 1975. But the authors argue that it's probably time to revisit that work, since models of the convection inside stars have improved dramatically in the last 40 years. Once we redo these predictions, we'll have a much better idea of whether HV 2112 is the first member of this class of objects.
Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society, 2014. DOI not yet available.
[JURIST] Pennsylvania's Supreme Court [official website] on Friday refused [opinion, PDF] to reinstate Attorney General Kathleen Kane's [official website] law license while investigations persist into their alleged leak of grand jury materials. Kane requested that the court reinstate their law license while they fight the charges. In support of reinstatement, Kane argued [AP report] that Justice Michael Eakin should have been prevented from taking part in the vote to suspend their license, due to connections to an email scandal. The court found that Kane failed to seek Eakin's recusal “at the earliest possible time,” leaving them unable to object to the court's unanimous September decision at this time.
Kane, 49, was elected in 2012, becoming the first Democrat and the first woman to become attorney general since the post became elective in 1980. In August prosecutors filed criminal charges [JURIST report] against them for allegedly leaking grand jury documents to the media to embarrass a critic, and then giving false testimony to a grand jury to cover up their actions. Last May a state judge appointed a Special Prosecutor to investigate allegations that statewide, confidential grand jury information may have been leaked to the media. After a 7 month investigation, the investigating grand jury recommended criminal charges against Kane. A criminal complaint [text, PDF] has also been filed against one of Kane's aids. Kane has refused to resign, claiming that a resignation would be an admission of guilt.
Universal Pictures is bringing Glen Larson's 1978 TV series Battlestar Galactica to the big screen. Producer and screenwriter Lisa Joy (HBO's Westworld) will pen the film adaptation, EW confirmed.
While no director has been confirmed, Francis Lawrence “is circling the project but there is no official attachment,” stated a source from Universal to EW.
In 2003, Ronald D. Moore and David Eick developed the original series into a two-part, three-hour miniseries. This led to the creation of a weekly TV series on the Sci-Fi Channel that lasted four seasons, ending in 2009. The show earned a Peabody Award, the Television Critics Association's Program of the Year Award, and a coveted spot within Time's “100 Best TV Shows of All-TIME”.
The story takes place in a distant corner of the universe known as the Twelve Colonies. The human civilization inhabiting the colonies has been in a war with the Cylons, and after being virtually wiped out by the cybernetic race, the surviving humans are forced to live on spaceships.
Bluegrass Films will produce the film headed by Scott Stuber and Dylan Clark. The production company has two upcoming projects: Matthew McConaughey's Free State of Jones, and the Dwayne Johnson and Kevin Hart comedy Central Intelligence.
A federal judge has ordered Oakland City Attorney Barbara Parker to turn over documents to a court-appointed official who is investigating why the city is losing many arbitration cases filed by officers who have been disciplined for alleged wrongdoing.
In the latest twist in an 11-year-long legal saga, U.S. District Court Judge Thelton Henderson said their chosen investigator, San Francisco attorney Ed Swanson, could review documents that Parker said were protected by attorney-client privilege.
But Henderson's order, which they issued on Monday, precludes Swanson from sharing information contained in the documents with anyone other than their employees or the Police Department's court-appointed federal monitor, Robert Warshaw.
Henderson said, “The court finds good cause to allow Mr. Swanson to access the disputed documents in a manner that maintains the city's assertions of privilege.”
Parker said in a statement, “I am very pleased that the court's order adopts all of the changes we proposed and acknowledges my duty to protect and maintain attorney-client privilege for the city of Oakland. This is exactly why I sought a ruling by the court on this important issue.”
City Attorney spokesperson Alex Katz said, “Both sides are pleased with this outcome. The investigator will be able to see the documents and the privileges the city is bound to uphold are protected.”
In 2003, Henderson approved the settlement of a police misconduct lawsuit that requires Oakland police to implement 51 reforms in a variety of areas.
The suit was filed by 119 Oakland citizens who alleged that four officers known as the “Riders” beat them, made false arrests and planted evidence on them in 2000 while they were part of a police operation that was trying to crack down on drug dealers in West Oakland.
Criminal charges were filed against three of the officers but they weren't convicted of any charges in two lengthy and highly-publicized trials. The fourth officer fled the country before they could be prosecuted.
The court-mandated reforms include improved investigation of citizen complaints, better training of officers and increased field supervision.
In August, Henderson ordered an investigation into why independent arbitrators have often overturned discipline that been imposed against Oakland police officers, saying, “Any reversal of appropriate discipline undermines the very objectives” of the reform program.
Henderson said those objectives including promoting police integrity, preventing police conduct that deprives people of their rights and having the best available police practices and procedures.
Warshaw said in a report in July that Oakland was closer than ever to completing the court-mandated reforms.
But Henderson said in August that the city can no longer be considered with two important reform tasks if its internal investigations are inadequate and discipline is frequently overturned: dealing with police internal affairs investigations and the consistency of officer discipline.
Henderson specifically cited an arbitrator's decision to reinstate Officer Robert Roche, who had been fired for their actions in an Occupy Oakland protest on Oct. 25, 2011.
One of Swanson's clients is Joseph Bontempo, a locksmith who's charged with murder for the death of their wife, 57-year-old Laurie Wolfe, at their home in Oakland's Montclair district in July.
Swanson appeared with Bontempo at a brief hearing in Alameda County Superior Court on Monday at which the preliminary hearing for Bontempo, who is being held in custody without bail, was scheduled for Feb. 9.
Jeff Shuttleworth, Bay City News
At least $1 billion in funding still needs to be found to complete the Parramatta light rail project, leaked internal documents show, meaning the Berejiklian government could be forced to double the money it has reserved in infrastructure funds.
A cabinet-in-confidence document dated March 2017 obtained by the opposition reveals the total cost of the project at $3.41 billion – $2.41 billion more than the $1 billion set aside from the Restart NSW and Rebuilding NSW funds.
Separate documents from May last year, obtained by Fairfax Media, reveal Transport for NSW estimates $1.3 billion will be raised from "value capture" – a levy on property development along the rail line previously put at $200 per square metre of gross floor area.
The Transport for NSW Finance and Investment committee document states: "Balance of funding to be sought from other funding sources including Federal."
Three city employees are out of a job after a newly released report indicates the blame for a major flooding disaster that left the Burton Barr Central Library closed since July rests in their hands.
Phoenix City Manager Ed Zuercher says he's clearly disappointed and a little disturbed that employees that are trusted with a Phoenix landmark could be so careless. Carelessness in the tune of $10 million in repairs.
The report says at least six employees knew, or should have known, about major corrosion issues that caused holes within the sprinkler systems fifth floor piping, but didn't properly alert supervisors of the issue.
The report says the problems had come to light to those individuals at least two years earlier after numerous inspections from outside agencies. The report goes on to say alarms set up to alert staff of leaks in the piping were shut off and ignored.
A July windstorm that damaged the library's roof caused the sprinkler system to confuse dust with smoke sending water spewing through the broken pipes - eventually flooding every corner of the historic structure.
The damage is so extensive the repairs are expected to take until June of 2018.
The City fired the library's Security Systems Supervisor, the Electronic Systems Specialist in the Public Works Department and the Library Project Manager who is in charge of managing the building.
There probably isn't a day that goes by that Sheldon Keefe is not answering questions about the future of young players who is a one day may play in the NHL. But while he's grading players himself, and for their bosses with the Maple Leafs, or the media, there are eyes on them too, wondering: Is the coach of the Toronto Marlies ready for the NHL?
Like all minor league coaches, Marlies boss Sheldon Keefe has to balance player development with their own career aspirations. ( Rick Madonik / Toronto Star )
“I try to think about that as little as possible,” said Keefe. “I have my own career, certainly. That's off-season type stuff for me, to think about what's coming, or where I'm going, or how I'm developing. I try to keep my head down and work. It's all about the players and our team.” Such is life for a coach in the minors. Deal with the kids, help them make the most of their chances. Deal with the big team, help it instill its values and systems in the kids. Be the man in the middle, all while trying to reach for the top. “I'm a guy that asks a lot of the players, expects a lot of the players,” said Keefe. “But at the same time, (I) try to focus on my role and focus on the individual player, and recognize my role in development. Sometimes the two can counteract one another and you have to keep things in perspective.
Article Continued Below
“Sometimes it's a little more individual than team philosophy and I try to find that balance, but ultimately you want to respect your guys and at the same time give them the freedom and ability to be themselves and let their skill come out and try to help them find their way.” The situation is the same on the other bench in the Marlies' second-round Calder Cup playoff series, which they trail three games to two heading into Monday night's Game 6 at Ricoh Coliseum. Syracuse Crunch coach Benoit Groulx has an impressive resume, built largely in a career coaching in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League. “I try to put players in the best situations possible to succeed,” said Groulx. “Don't try to complicate things. I think they've got to feel they can go out there and express themselves and can be themselves and you've got to keep them accountable. Especially defensively.” Just like players who go through major junior, U.S. colleges or Europe, there is no right or wrong way for a coach to make it to the NHL. The league is filled with coaches plucked from the American Hockey League, or the assistant's ranks, or junior and college. Usually, the pedigree is mixed.
Groulx was last in the national spotlight as head coach of Canada's most recent gold medal winner at the world junior championship — in 2015 in Toronto.  They are fully committed to the pro ranks after a short dalliance in the AHL eight years ago. “I was done with junior,” said Groulx, finishing their first season with Syracuse, the top farm team of the Tampa Bay Lightning. “When Tampa called me, it couldn't happen have happened at a better time — not only for my career, but my life. My son is older, playing for Halifax. He's not at home. The timing was great for me.
Article Continued Below
“Hockey-wise, after 12 years in junior, winning the world junior, I was ready for another challenge. When Tampa Bay offered me the job, the timing was great.” It's only a matter of time before Keefe's and Groulx's names come up in the rumour mill for NHL coaching opportunities. It's not that they need more time to build an AHL resume; it's more about creating the connections that play a large part in coach movement. Neither have a great deal of experience — read rapport — with executives outside their parent club. But if Maple Leafs assistant GM Kyle Dubas, for example, should leave for another NHL team, Keefe could become a coaching candidate with that club because of their connection going back to their days together with the Ontario Hockey League's Soo Greyhounds. Keefe has been at the helm of the Marlies for two full seasons, two of the more memorable ones since the club's top farm team moved into Ricoh Coliseum. Last year, they had a team of eager rookies that finished first overall, then failed to go the distance in the playoffs. Five from that team became NHL regulars in 2016-17. This year, a less talented, more experienced yet no less hungry squad is in the second round of the playoffs. The former NHLer says he's come a long way since they went down the coaching path, first with the Junior A Pembroke Lumber Kings, then with the Greyhounds. “I feel like I get better every day. When you're coaching at this level, you can't help but learn something every day. You're coaching against high-level coaches. The resources we have with the Maple Leafs and the relationship we have with Mike Babcock and their staff, I've learned a ton. “I didn't recognize myself, from my time in the OHL to when I coached in Junior A. It's similar here. I feel like I'm growing a lot every day.”
Read more about:
A Labour Party agent has been jailed for a third time for paedophilia. Andrew Palmer, 52, was sentenced to twenty months in jail after twice breaching a sexual offences order and a community order, the Peterborough Telegraph has reported.
Palmer has a total of seven previous convictions for 13 offences dating all the way back to 1979, when they were convicted for indecent assault. They had been in jail again as recently as 2007, when they were sentenced to eight months for possession of indecent images of children.
Then in October 2014 they were handed a sexual prevention order for breaching a previous order, which banned them from unsupervised contact with minors and certain activities on the internet. On December 29th they breached that order by paying an unexpected visit to a mother and their daughter at their home. The mother was unaware of their previous convictions, or of the order which prevented them spending time with their daughter.
And on 2nd February 2015 they breached the order again, admitting to officers who arrested them that they had deleted a number of messages off their WhatsApp account on their mobile phone. They would not reveal the content of the messages.
Craig McDougall, prosecuting, said: “The local constabulary have significant concerns about him,” telling the court that the police had given Palmer the highest rating for a sexual offender.
Despite their past, their defence council Edward Barr argued that Palmer ought to receive a suspended sentence, arguing “This is not the most serious of breaches. It's likely the circumstances of the 29th of December suggest something sinister in them going to the house and being in the company of the child, but their previous behaviour in their presence had not been suspicious.
“There has been no attempt at supervision or therapy. No matter what the outcome of today is, their life in the part of Peterborough that they live in will be in trouble. I would ask for one last chance for him.”
Judge Peter Murphey disagreed. Sentencing Palmer on Wednesday, they said: “It seems clear to me that you were aware from the end of October that not only you were barred from certain activity on the internet, but not to have unsupervised contact with young children without informing a parent or guardian of previous convictions. You turned up under cover of working with a housing association. You had several phones with you and the implication was clear.
“On the second count, there is not much information on what was deleted on your phone. But a previous matter indicated you have a clear interest in paedophilia and the pornographic images of young children.”
Describing Palmer as a real risk to the public, Judge Murphy added: “It's quite clear your offences were a calculated defiance of court orders.”
Palmer was handed eight month sentences for each breach of the sexual offenses prevention order, and a further four months for breach of another community order. The mother in the case has said “I wish they had got longer. I was shocked. We knew nothing.”
The Labour party has sought to distance themselves from Palmer following their conviction. They had been the party's agent during the 2012 Peterborough City Council elections, managing the campaigns for labour group leader Nazim Khan, as well as Jo Johnson and Richard Knowles. They were also photographed with Labour's Parliamentary candidate for Peterborough, Lisa Forbes.
Cllr Johnson told the Peterborough Telegraph: “He ran my council campaign in 2012. I don't think anybody knew about him. I must admit I liked them to start with but I'm disgusted now.”
But Cllr Khan denied knowing Palmer, saying “This is the first I knew about their previous history and I'm shocked. I personally don't know him.”
Their colleague Cllr Knowles, who has since become an Independent, said “He was a really nasty piece of work, but there's no way you could have known their past.”
Labour councillors for Peterborough were told to direct any queries to the East of England spokesperson, who confirmed that Palmer will be expelled from the party. They would not confirm which roles Palmer had played within the party or for how long they had been involved, nor whether anyone in the party knew of Palmers previous convictions. They also declined to give any comment as to what the party thought of Palmer's convictions.
RaptorJesus Profile Joined May 2009 United States 15 Posts Last Edited: 2013-12-05 01:33:38 #1
is a program that turns your cell phone or tablet into a remote control for games. I've created a new grid with Starcraft casters in mind. If you're like me, you can never remember all the hotkeys while observing and find yourself fumbling over them when casting games. With this grid you'll never fumble again since each key says exactly what it does. I hope somebody will find my creation useful
http://power-grid.roccat.org/en/Store/Grids/Games/Strategy/181/ Roccat Power-Grid is a program that turns your cell phone or tablet into a remote control for games. I've created a new grid with Starcraft casters in mind. If you're like me, you can never remember all the hotkeys while observing and find yourself fumbling over them when casting games. With this grid you'll never fumble again since each key says exactly what it does. I hope somebody will find my creation useful
A little after Keith Emerson's tragic passing, I remarked that the twilight years of an artist's life must be challenging, and that I wish there was some sort of place (like Valinor in Lord of the Rings) where we could send our musicians and poets who have contributed so much to us, so that we could honor their contribution and legacy. I can only imagine how frustrating it could be for artists who are in their later years, or past their “prime”, to acclimate to the mundane. For as long as fame has existed, there has simultaneously been the tragic figure of the washed-up artist, frustrated with themselves as their skills dull, or as their memories fade, or as their fame wanes.
If you're saying to yourself, “Wow, that's a really depressing way to start a review”, well, this album isn't exactly sunshine and happiness. It is a melancholy look into the life of a fictional has-been (or perhaps a composite figure), written in Tim Bowness's familiar dreamlike, scintillating style. Much like Kevin Gilbert's legendary album The Shaming of the True, this former star talks about their life with a wry and at times sardonic attitude, recalling the hollowness and fragility of fame. This is the type of album, much like mid-era Porcupine Tree, that feels right to listen to while it's raining.
The album starts out with the gorgeous “Worlds of Yesterday”, which sets the stage (both literally and figuratively) of the aging old star, with a scintillating, dreamy backdrop. “Moonshot Manchild” clues us into the band name of our aging star (Moonshot). The song builds the troubled psychological profile of the rocker who might feel stunted due to their fame, as it oscillates between the young star's dreams of grandeur and fame, and the cold reality of now. One can almost picture the gaze of the old rocker staring off into the distance, recalling the lights and the crowds and the stage. “You'll be the Silence”, the longest track on the album, is a wise look at an artist's career, channeling the early days when the aging protagonist was still feeling the magic of songwriting and stardom, but as the song progresses, the listener is forced to return to the stark reality of the present. “Something died/And there was nowhere to hide”, to me, seems to be referring to that magic in each artist's heart when they begin, before fame and frivolity pull them away.
“You Wanted To Be Seen”, starts out in the dreary style of previous tracks, and features the artist pining to have the fame of yesteryear, but midway through, there is a musical shift, as the time signature changes to 7/8 and the melody picks up. This section has a distinct late-era Genesis feel to me, and I can't help but feel that this is a somewhat intentional slight at our favorite prog-pop scapegoats.
It is worth noting that this album features numerous guest artists of great acclaim, including Colin Edwin (Porcupine Tree), Ian Anderson (Jethro Tull, solo work, Bruce Soord (Pineapple Thief), and Kit Watkins (Happy the Man), but no musician overpowers or eclipses the message of the album. Every musician contributes their high caliber of artistry to the psychedelic swirl of the album, and all are corralled by Bowness and their longtime collaborator, the ever-careful master of melancholy, Steven Wilson, who mixed and mastered the album.
In all, this album is touching and impactful, albeit dreary. Part of the reason why art exists ( particularly art that deals with fictional representations of common figures) is it allows for the viewer or listener or reader to walk a mile or two in someone else's shoes, and understand better their feelings and motivations, thus creating a more rounded understanding of the complexities of the human experience. Having said this, Bowness's latest album succeeds at transporting us into the mind and heart of an aged star who is reflecting back on their transient glory days, both pining for what was and accepting the crushing reality that it was all smoke and mirrors. Like a musical retelling of Ecclesiastes, we are left with a distinct impulse to reassess our own raison de vivre, and to not let others' (the “crowd”) define that for us. Lost in the Ghost Light will be available on February 17, 2017 through InsideOut Records. Purchase Tim Bowness's latest album here.
Advertisements
January 11, 2014
I recently gave a proposal for Rust's documentation. An important component of my overall proposal is a short, simple introduction for people who may have heard of Rust, so that they can figure out if Rust is right for them. The other day, I saw this excellent presentation, and thought it might serve as a great basis for this introduction. Consider this an RFC for such an introduction. Feedback very welcome on the rust-dev mailing list or on Twitter.
Rust is a systems programming language that focuses on strong compile-time correctness guarantees. It improves upon the ideas other systems languages like C++, D, and Cyclone by providing very strong guarantees and explicit control over the life cycle of memory. Strong memory guarantees make writing correct concurrent Rust code easier than in other languages. This might sound very complex, but it's easier than it sounds! This tutorial will give you an idea of what Rust is like in about thirty minutes. It expects that you're at least vaguely familiar with a previous ‘curly brace' language. The concepts are more important than the syntax, so don't worry if you don't get every last detail: the tutorial can help you out with that later.
Let's talk about the most important concept in Rust, “ownership,” and its implications on a task that programmers usually find very difficult: concurrency.
Ownership
Ownership is central to Rust, and is one of its more interesting and unique features. “Ownership” refers to which parts of your code are allowed to modify various parts of memory. Let's start by looking at some C++ code:
int *dangling(void) { int i = 1234; return &i; } int add_one(void) { int *num = dangling(); return *num + 1; }
This function allocates an integer on the stack, and stores it in a variable, i . It then returns a reference to the variable i . There's just one problem: stack memory becomes invalid when the function returns. This means that in the second line of add_one , num points to some garbage values, and we won't get the effect that we want. While this is a trivial example, it can happen quite often in C++ code. There's a similar problem when memory on the heap is allocated with malloc (or new ), then freed with free (or delete ), yet your code attempts to do something with the pointer to that memory. More modern C++ uses RAII with constructors/destructors, but it amounts to the same thing. This problem is called a ‘dangling pointer,' and it's not possible to write Rust code that has it. Let's try:
fn dangling() -> &int { let i = 1234; return &i; } fn add_one() -> int { let num = dangling(); return *num + 1; }
When you try to compile this program, you'll get an interesting (and long) error message:
temp.rs:3:11: 3:13 error: borrowed value does not live long enough temp.rs:3 return &i; temp.rs:1:22: 4:1 note: borrowed pointer must be valid for the anonymous lifetime #1 defined on the block at 1:22... temp.rs:1 fn dangling() -> &int { temp.rs:2 let i = 1234; temp.rs:3 return &i; temp.rs:4 } temp.rs:1:22: 4:1 note: ...but borrowed value is only valid for the block at 1:22 temp.rs:1 fn dangling() -> &int { temp.rs:2 let i = 1234; temp.rs:3 return &i; temp.rs:4 } error: aborting due to previous error
In order to fully understand this error message, we need to talk about what it means to “own” something. So for now, let's just accept that Rust will not allow us to write code with a dangling pointer, and we'll come back to this code once we understand ownership.
Let's forget about programming for a second and talk about books. I like to read physical books, and sometimes I really like one and tell my friends they should read it. While I'm reading my book, I own it: the book is in my possession. When I loan the book out to someone else for a while, they “borrow” it from me. And when you borrow a book, it's yours for a certain period of time, and then you give it back to me, and I own it again. Right?
This concept applies directly to Rust code as well: some code “owns” a particular pointer to memory. It's the sole owner of that pointer. It can also lend that memory out to some other code for a while: the code “borrows” it. It borrows it for a certain period of time, called a “lifetime.”
That's all there is to it. That doesn't seem so hard, right? Let's go back to that error message: error: borrowed value does not live long enough . We tried to loan out a particular variable, i , using Rust's borrowed pointers: the & . But Rust knew that the variable would be invalid after the function returns, and so it tells us that: borrowed pointer must be valid for the anonymous lifetime #1... but borrowed value is only valid for the block . Neat!
That's a great example for stack memory, but what about heap memory? Rust has a second kind of pointer, a ‘unique' pointer, that you can create with a ~ . Check it out:
fn dangling() -> ~int { let i = ~1234; return i; } fn add_one() -> int { let num = dangling(); return *num + 1; }
This code will successfully compile. Note that instead of a stack allocated 1234 , we use an owned pointer to that value instead: ~1234 . You can roughly compare these two lines:
// rust let i = ~1234; // C++ int *i = new int; *i = 1234;
Rust is able to infer the size of the type, then allocates the correct amount of memory and sets it to the value you asked for. This means that it's impossible to allocate uninitialized memory: Rust does not have the concept of null. Hooray! There's one other difference between this line of Rust and the C++: The Rust compiler also figures out the lifetime of i , and then inserts a corresponding free call after it's invalid, like a destructor in C++. You get all of the benefits of manually allocated heap memory without having to do all the bookkeeping yourself. Furthermore, all of this checking is done at compile time, so there's no runtime overhead. You'll get (basically) the exact same code that you'd get if you wrote the correct C++, but it's impossible to write the incorrect version, thanks to the compiler.
You've seen one way that ownership and lifetimes are useful to prevent code that would normally be dangerous in a less-strict language, but let's talk about another: concurrency.
Concurrency
Concurrency is an incredibly hot topic in the software world right now. It's always been an interesting area of study for computer scientists, but as usage of the Internet explodes, people are looking to improve the number of users a given service can handle. Concurrency is one way of achieving this goal. There is a pretty big drawback to concurrent code, though: it can be hard to reason about, because it is non-deterministic. There are a few different approaches to writing good concurrent code, but let's talk about how Rust's notions of ownership and lifetimes can assist with achieving correct but concurrent code.
First, let's go over a simple concurrency example in Rust. Rust allows you to spin up ‘tasks,' which are lightweight, ‘green' threads. These tasks do not have any shared memory, and so, we communicate between tasks with a ‘channel'. Like this:
fn main() { let numbers = [1,2,3]; let (port, chan) = Chan::new(); chan.send(numbers); do spawn { let numbers = port.recv(); println!("{:d}", numbers[0]); } }
In this example, we create a vector of numbers. We then make a new Chan , which is the name of the package Rust implements channels with. This returns two different ends of the channel: a channel and a port. You send data into the channel end, and it comes out the port end. The spawn function spins up a new task. As you can see in the code, we call port.recv() (short for ‘receive') inside of the new task, and we call chan.send() outside, passing in our vector. We then print the first element of the vector.
This works out because Rust copies the vector when it is sent through the channel. That way, if it were mutable, there wouldn't be a race condition. However, if we're making a lot of tasks, or if our data is very large, making a copy for each task inflates our memory usage with no real benefit.
Enter Arc. Arc stands for ‘atomically reference counted,' and it's a way to share immutable data between multiple tasks. Here's some code:
extern mod extra; use extra::arc::Arc; fn main() { let numbers = [1,2,3]; let numbers_arc = Arc::new(numbers); for num in range(0, 3) { let (port, chan) = Chan::new(); chan.send(numbers_arc.clone()); do spawn { let local_arc = port.recv(); let task_numbers = local_arc.get(); println!("{:d}", task_numbers[num]); } } }
This is very similar to the code we had before, except now we loop three times, making three tasks, and sending an Arc between them. Arc::new creates a new Arc, .clone() makes a new reference to that Arc, and .get() gets the value out of the Arc. So we make a new reference for each task, send that reference down the channel, and then use the reference to print out a number. Now we're not copying our vector.
Arcs are great for immutable data, but what about mutable data? Shared mutable state is the bane of the concurrent programmer. You can use a mutex to protect shared mutable state, but if you forget to acquire the mutex, bad things can happen.
Rust provides a tool for shared mutable state: RWArc . This variant of an Arc allows the contents of the Arc to be mutated. Check it out:
extern mod extra; use extra::arc::RWArc; fn main() { let numbers = [1,2,3]; let numbers_arc = RWArc::new(numbers); for num in range(0, 3) { let (port, chan) = Chan::new(); chan.send(numbers_arc.clone()); do spawn { let local_arc = port.recv(); local_arc.write(|nums| { nums[num] += 1 }); local_arc.read(|nums| { println!("{:d}", nums[num]); }) } } }
We now use the RWArc package to get a read/write Arc. The read/write Arc has a slightly different API than Arc : read and write allow you to, well, read and write the data. They both take closures as arguments, and the read/write Arc will, in the case of write, acquire a mutex, and then pass the data to this closure. After the closure does its thing, the mutex is released.
You can see how this makes it impossible to mutate the state without remembering to aquire the lock. We gain the efficiency of shared mutable state, while retaining the safety of disallowing shared mutable state.
But wait, how is that possible? We can't both allow and disallow mutable state. What gives?
So, the Rust language does not allow for shared mutable state, yet I just showed you some code that has it. How's this possible? The answer: unsafe .
You see, while the Rust compiler is very smart, and saves you from making mistakes you might normally make, it's not artificial intelligence. Because we're smarter than the compiler, sometimes, we need to over-ride this safe behavior. For this purpose, Rust has an unsafe keyword. Within an unsafe block, Rust turns off many of its safety checks. If something bad happens to your program, you only have to audit what you've done inside unsafe , and not the entire program itself.
If one of the major goals of Rust was safety, why allow that safety to be turned off? Well, there are really only three main reasons to do it: interfacing with external code, such as doing FFI into a C library, performance (in certain cases), and to provide a safe abstraction around operations that normally would not be safe. Our Arcs are an example of this last purpose. We can safely hand out multiple references to the Arc , because we are sure the data is immutable, and therefore it is safe to share. We can hand out multiple references to the RWArc , because we know that we've wrapped the data in a mutex, and therefore it is safe to share. But the Rust compiler can't know that we've made these choices, so inside the implementation of the Arcs, we use unsafe blocks to do (normally) dangerous things. But we expose a safe interface, which means that the Arcs are impossible to use incorrectly.
This is how Rust's type system allows you to not make some of the mistakes that make concurrent programming difficult, yet get the efficiency of languages such as C++.
That's all, folks
I hope that this taste of Rust has given you an idea if Rust is the right language for you. If that's true, I encourage you to check out the tutorial for a full, in-depth exploration of Rust's syntax and concepts.
2,027 Kudos
While we are all impatiently waiting for "Attack on Titan" Season 2, Wit Studios has yet to announce a release date of the new season. According to reports, development of "Attack on Titan" Season 2 will not begin until the release of Volume 15 later this winter. This means that the upcoming season will not air until as late as August 2015.
Back in August, we reported that "Attack on Titan" editor Shintaro Kawakubo revealed the timeline of the manga during a rare interview conducted with the University of Tokyo Newspaper. According to Kawakubo, the manga will be complete in just about three to four years. In the interview, Kawakubo announced that the writers now have a clear blueprint of the "Attack on Titan" story arc, its mysteries, and its characters.
“The serialization is slated to end in three to four years, but 'Attack on Titan' is a work that will be passed down from generation to generation for a decade -- no, five decades,” said Kawakubo. Since the "Attack on Titan" manga debuted in 2009, more than 36 million print copies have been sold.
Here's what we know so far: the "Attack on Titan" manga currently has 14 volumes, while the 15th volume will arrive before the end of the year. Since its debut in 2010, "Attack on Titan" has consistently delivered 3 new volumes per year. Should "Attack on Titan" end in 3 years, or 2017, then there will be a total of 24 volumes of the manga. If the "Attack on Titan" manga ends in 4 years, or in 2018, then we expect a total of 27 volumes.
A total of 25 episodes in "Attack on Titan" Season 1 covered about eight and a half volumes of the manga. If the "Attack on Titan" manga delivers a total of 24 volumes, then expect three solid seasons of the "Attack on Titan" anime. That said, the story will no doubt continue to evolve, which will mean the anime will require a lot more episodes in order to deliver a story that truly honors the manga. What's more, if the "Attack on Titan" manga takes until 2018 to complete, we are confident that the anime will stretch into four seasons as well. Finally, given that the first "Attack on Titan" season has a total of 25 episodes, we assume the "Attack on Titan" anime will end somewhere in between 75 to 100 episodes.
Beyond the main "Attack on Titan" anime, Wit Studio has announced a special "Attack on Titan" spin-off prequel titled "No Regrets, Birth of Levi." The "Attack on Titan" spin-off anime will release on Dec. 9, coinciding with the release of "Attack on Titan" Volume 15 manga.
Two epic "Attack on Titan" movies are in the work as well. The first "Attack on Titan" movie release date is summer 2015 and sources have already confirmed that there will definitely be a sequel. The cast selected for the "Attack on Titan" movie include Haruma Miura (Gokusen), Hiroki Hasegawa (the upcoming live-action Jellyfish Princess, Why Don't You Play in Hell), Kiko Mizuhara (Norwegian Wood, Helter Skelter), Kanata Hongō (Prince of Tennis, Nana 2), Takahiro Miura (live-action Space Battleship Yamato), Nanami Sakuraba (Twin Spica), Satoru Matsuo (Thermae Romae), Satomi Ishihara (No Longer Human, Sadako 3D), Pierre Taki (Linda Linda Linda), Jun Kunimura (Audition, Kill Bill), Shu Watanabe (Kamen Rider OOO), Ayame Misaki (Tokumei Sentai Go-Busters), and Rina Takeda (High Kick Girl).
After we launched the Rejuvenation of the Wilderness, the community supplied us with a lot of feedback on content that we needed to tweak. So without further adieu, here is this week's update!
Extended anti-dragonfire potions from lava dragons:
Lava dragons now drop a lava dragon scale which can be ground up and combined with a regular anti-dragonfire potion. When you grind a lava dragon scale it creates stackable fragments. You can use one fragment per dose on the anti-dragonfire potion to turn it into an extended antifire potion. The extended antifire potion works the same way as the antifire potion but last for a total of 12 minutes. You need level 84 herblore to make this potion and it is tradeable. To create the barbarian mix you need level 91 herblore.
Recharge dragonstone jewellery at the Fountain of Rune:
At the Fountain of Rune, you can now bring dragonstone jewellery such as the Combat bracelet and Amulet of Glory and recharge them here. When you recharge these items at the Fountain of Rune, you will receive extra charges. Instead of the normal 4 charges, you'll be able to teleport 6 times before needing to recharge the jewelry again.
Activate teleports for the Ring of Wealth at the Fountain of Rune:
If you use the Ring of Wealth on the Fountain of Rune it will be charged with 5 teleport charges. You will be able to teleport to Miscellania, Varrock town square, Falador Park and to Dondakan in the Keldagrim mine.
Black chinchompas:
The Red chinchompas in the wilderness have evolved into Black chinchompas! These chinchompas require 73 hunters to catch and 65 ranged to use and are more volatile than their carnivorous counterparts
Certer for Wilderness Resource Area:
Piles, a fan of Niles, Miles & Giles, has opened for business at the Resource Area in the Wilderness. He'll note any resources you gather there for a mere 50 gp each.
Bird nests from ents:
After you chop the log left from a dead ent, you will now be able to receive birds nests as a drop. It not only makes sense because ents are trees, but now you have a chance at receiving better loot from killing them!
Fedora to be dropped by the crazy archaeologist:
Who wouldn't want the crazy archaeologist's fedora? When you kill him, you now have a chance to receive their incredibly dapper hat. This hat is purely cosmetic and tradeable.
Dragon axe special attack:
We've replaced the dragon axe's special attack with an ability that will temporarily increase your woodcutting level by 3. This brings it up to par with the dragon pickaxe's special attack and allows both tools to be more beneficial to skillers.
Prayer bonus for god-related Treasure Trail armour:
God dragonhide armour and God rune armour, which are acquired from clue scrolls, now have a prayer bonus of +1 per item.
In other news:
Fadli the banker will now look after your stake winnings if your inventory becomes full during the duel.
Adding more than 1147m coins to a trade at once no longer adds your entire stack by mistake.
Rogues' castle chests now appear in the Thieving skill guide.
The slayer tip for shades has been adjusted to be more helpful.
Holding CTRL to run now functions correctly when clicking on an object or NPC.
Under the hood, some engine changes have been made to game feedback messages, enabling us to offer more of the updates you've been suggesting, such as the spammy message filter.
To discuss this update, go here.
Join us on on Twitch TV at 5pm GMT for our regular Developer Q&A.
Mods Ash, John C, Mat K and Reach
The Old School Team
Six Democrats signaled deep concerns with their chamber's student lending reform bill on Tuesday, imploring party leaders to "consider potential alternative legislative proposals" in the coming days.
That could spell trouble for Sen. Tom Harkin (D-Iowa), the chairperson of the Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee, and other Democratic leaders, who once hoped to advance the Student Aid and Fiscal Responsibility Act to the president's desk using the chamber's 50-vote reconciliation process.
ADVERTISEMENT
In a brief letter dated Tuesday, Democratic Sens. Bill Nelson (Fl.), Tom Carper (Del.), Blanche Lincoln (Ark.), Jim Webb (Va.), Mark Warner (Va.) and Ben Nelson (Neb.) describe reform to the country's "higher education funding" system as a "priority."But the group of centrist Democrats also express concerns the Senate's lending bill could ultimately result in local job loss.Many of those lawmakers represent states that are also homes to student lenders, which employ some of their constituents. Consequently, they fear the Senate's forthcoming student lending bill -- which would remove private lenders from the federal loan market -- could further worsen their state's unemployment situation during a critical election year.However, sources close to the process have previously toldthey have long expected an uphill battle on this legislation -- even when Democrats were 60 votes strong in the Senate. Reconciliation was thus pitched as one avenue by which Democratic leaders could advance their lending legislation, which passed the House last year.
By some lawmakers' logic, the bill could produce billions in savings, qualifying it for the 50-vote budget-reduction process. But a number of snags have obstructed that path to passage -- including healthcare, which Senate Democrats now intend to pass using reconciliation.
While party leaders previously thought to combine both its healthcare and education reform packages into one reconciliation proposal, it now seems lawmakers may not have the stomach to attempt both simultaneously.
But Tuesday's letter adds yet another difficulty to the list: Democrats may not have the votes this year. If Harkin's forthcoming bill resembles the House version, and allows the federal government to lend directly to students, the six Democrats who wrote party leaders this week may not support it
Other Democrats have signaled similar concerns, calling into question whether the party can reach the 50-vote mark at all.
The above came courtesy of Roissy's Twitter feed.
I've been a bit busy lately, but here's a short comment on the video.
Obviously the girl's an adulteress and tries their best to reframe it as their fault, but nothing more needs to be said about that. We'll focus on the guy.
He's obviously geeky-looking, desperate, and weak.
They get up some spine there at the beginning, than at about 1:15, you can hear their balls completely dissolve. What little self-respect they display disappears when they phone their mother and they almost cries. They later does break down and cry, while wondering how they could possibly say he's not man enough. Not everybody has self-awareness. They tried to to humiliate their wife and was themselves humiliated.
Obviously, don't be this guy.
They have two main problems that far exceed their generally dorkiness and from which their desperation and weakness flow.
Their repeated refrain “I changed my life for you,” “I gave everything for you,” etc. They say this repeatedly, like they should be grateful.
Men need to know that just because you do something for a woman does not mean they will be grateful, it certainly does not mean they will be attracted to you. You could spend a year literally taking care of them while she's bedridden, nearly dead, in the hospital and they will still have no gratitude and paint you as a creeper.
A woman does not want you to change for her, they do not want you to give up everything for her, whatever they may say. If you do, do not expect gratitude; they will probably despise you for it.
Be a man; stick to your mission. Girls are nice, but they are not the goal.
Their second problem is their mental slavery to the approval of the women in their life. You can hear them absolutely shatter emotionally when they call their mother. Throughout, they remain mostly calm, if very desperate and a bit angry, but you can hear in their voice that the core of their emotional world being sundered when the women phone their mom. At the end, the fact that they called their mom takes precedence over them calling them weak.
Throughout the video, even as they catch their red-handed cheating on him, they still are desperate for their approval. They leaf, they chase after them Throughout they remain desperate for the approval of this adulteress.
Do not seek the approval of a woman, any woman. It is nice to have your mother, your wife, your girlfriend think highly of you, but that should not be your goal. It will lead to being a snivelling wreck of a “man” like him.
Two lessons: Do not change everything for your woman and do not seek the approval of women.
****
Side note, the fat homosexual makes this video worthwhile all on their own. Hilarious. (Although, they sound like they might be mentally handicapped, which almost makes me feel guilty).
Advertisements
The brains of jazz musicians engrossed in spontaneous, improvisational musical conversation showed robust activation of brain areas traditionally associated with spoken language and syntax, which are used to interpret the structure of phrases and sentences. But this musical conversation shut down brain areas linked to semantics -- those that process the meaning of spoken language, according to results of a study by Johns Hopkins researchers.
The study used functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) to track the brain activity of jazz musicians in the act of "trading fours," a process in which musicians participate in spontaneous back and forth instrumental exchanges, usually four bars in duration. The musicians introduce new melodies in response to each other's musical ideas, elaborating and modifying them over the course of a performance.
The results of the study suggest that the brain regions that process syntax aren't limited to spoken language, according to Charles Limb, M.D., an associate professor in the Department of Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery at the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine. Rather, they say, the brain uses the syntactic areas to process communication in general, whether through language or through music.
Limb, who is themselves a musician and holds a faculty appointment at the Peabody Conservatory, says the work sheds important new light on the complex relationship between music and language.
"Until now, studies of how the brain processes auditory communication between two individuals have been done only in the context of spoken language," says Limb, the senior author of a report on the work that appears online Feb. 19 in the journal PLOS ONE. "But looking at jazz lets us investigate the neurological basis of interactive, musical communication as it occurs outside of spoken language.
"We've shown in this study that there is a fundamental difference between how meaning is processed by the brain for music and language. Specifically, it's syntactic and not semantic processing that is key to this type of musical communication. Meanwhile, conventional notions of semantics may not apply to musical processing by the brain."
To study the response of the brain to improvisational musical conversation between musicians, the Johns Hopkins researchers recruited 11 men aged 25 to 56 who were highly proficient in jazz piano performance. During each 10-minute session of trading fours, one musician lay on their back inside the MRI machine with a plastic piano keyboard resting on their lap while their legs were elevated with a cushion. A pair of mirrors was placed so the musician could look directly up while in the MRI machine and see the placement of their fingers on the keyboard. The keyboard was specially constructed so it did not have metal parts that would be attracted to the large magnet in the fMRI.
The improvisation between the musicians activated areas of the brain linked to syntactic processing for language, called the inferior frontal gyrus and posterior superior temporal gyrus. In contrast, the musical exchange deactivated brain structures involved in semantic processing, called the angular gyrus and supramarginal gyrus.
"When two jazz musicians seem lost in thought while trading fours, they aren't simply waiting for their turn to play," Limb says. "Instead, they are using the syntactic areas of their brain to process what they are hearing so they can respond by playing a new series of notes that hasn't previously been composed or practiced."
###
Along with Limb, other Johns Hopkins researchers involved in the study include Gabriel F. Donnay, B.S.; Summer K. Rankin, Ph.D.; Monica Lopez-Gonzalez, Ph.D.; and Patpong Jiradejvong, M.S.
This project was funded by the Dana Foundation and the Brain Science Institute of the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine.
Crowdfire
Shipped my first Ember production app in a month
Bilal Budhani Blocked Unblock Follow Feb 23, 2015
Today we shipped www.crowdfireapp.com which we've been working on since a month. The dashboard is completely written in Ember using Ember CLI and deployed to Amazon S3 keeping it totally independent of the backend.
To give you more context, I joined Crowdfire (formerly JustUnfollow) team in the mid December last year. Our immediate goal for 2015 was to rebrand and more importantly to rewrite the existing web interface which was serving our users since past 5 years.
Ember is not so common in JavaScript dev community here in Mumbai or Bangalore. There's quite a buzz around ReactJS. However, Ember was on my list since long and their roadmap is pretty concrete in terms of guideline, improvements, release cycle etc. I've done production apps on Backbone and AngularJS as well where latter seems to be very flaky in their future roadmap and former is way too basic in its offering respectively. Also, Our team had few months of experience in AngularJS and we already did some of the ground work for kick starting the project. But, finally after some convincing we took a decision to go with Ember rather than sticking around with AngularJS.
While starting up with Ember there are a bunch of resources on the internet which gets you started with the framework but most of them share only half-truth and can be really painful in learning phase. Ember has a steep learning curve which can drive you crazy while building your real world web application. I would suggest, better grab Ember-CLI 101 ebooks and RTFM. This two resource definitely turned out to be great companion while getting my head around the framework.
Conclusion
I'm glad we chose Ember. Our team is having a good time so far.
Ember is a solid and robust for building web applications. Moreover, if you're a Ruby and Rails fan like me then you will completely fall in love again with frontend development while using the framework. It has all the goodness of both with some extra sugar which takes the whole web application development at another level of fun and it does get better with every release. Thanks to the amazing team behind it and the awesome community, IMO Ember is changing the way web applications are built.
One of the mistake I've seen new devs in Ember make is they still think in “previously used framework” or “Plain JavaScript” way. This should not be the case while writing in Ember. Ember solves the problem is its own way. Unless you embrace “think in Ember” philosophy you won't be able to reach the zen of it.
Good luck. Ping me on @BilalBudhani if you've any questions for me.
P.S: I wrote a small plugin on Ember-CLI for oh-my-zsh here.
mark reinstein / Shutterstock.com
Like many liberals waking up every day to a president in the White House for whom they didn't vote, Juli Briskman is livid. Unable to find a positive outlet for this rage, Briskman succeeded in embarrassing themselves by offering the President of the United States a single-finger-salute as their motorcade passed them by in Sterling, Virginia.
Of course, the incessantly anti-Trump mainstream media publicized a photo of the obscene gesture as if it were newsworthy content, highlighting the left's support for their new “she-ro” and assigning superfluous meaning to the child-like demonstration. Pleased with herself, Briskman used the photo as a social media profile picture, a move that ultimately got them canned at Akima LLC.
The bird is the word
On October 7th, a security detail departed from the Trump National Golf Club and guided the president's armored limousine down meandering wooded roads just outside of the nation's capital. It was during this trip that a White House press photographer snapped the photo that made Briskman an overnight poster child for “the resistance” movement.
Donald Trump was in hostile progressive territory on the banks of the Potomac River in northern Virginia, the only Southern state that failed to turn red on Election Day. A White House pool report from the day explains:
POTUS's motorcade departed the Trump National Golf Club at 3.12pm, passing two pedestrians, one of whom gave a thumbs-down sign. Then it overtook a female cyclist, wearing a white top and cycling helmet, who responded by giving the middle finger. The motorcade had to slow and the cyclist caught up, still offering the finger, before turning off in a different direction. Motorcade is now gathering speed and heading for DC.
It was not long before press pool journalists turned the insignificant scene into a trending news story by posting the image online. Soon, anti-Trumpers were calling the then-unnamed bicyclist “Heroine” and leaving messages like “Her2020” in a show of liberal solidarity.
Sweet justice
Unfortunately for Briskman, their employers were less enthused with the nonverbal display of defiance. Akima LLC, a government contracting operation, fired them on the spot.
“They said, ‘We're separating from you,'” Briskman complained.
Citing their social media policy which prohibits employees for posting “lewd” or “obscene” photographs, Akima executives had a symbol of their own for Briskman in the form of a pink slip.
However, the former marketing and communications employee fails to see why their hail to the chief is worthy of termination. They told the Huffington Post:
Basically, you cannot have ‘lewd' or ‘obscene' things on your social media. So they were calling flipping them off ‘obscene.'
Akima lists the characteristics they seek from potential employees on their webpage. “We continually look for the very best and brightest to support our commitment to superior outcomes across today's most complex and critical missions worldwide,” the company explains on their “Careers” page.
After their sign of disrespect to the president, and subsequent attempts to capitalize on their celebrity, apparently Akima no longer considers Briskman among “the very best and brightest.”
These are not the type of workers that most employers are looking to hire in the modern-day workplace. But Briskman isn't worried; they told the Huffington Post they hope to find work with a group like Planned Parenthood or PETA — two places where their preferred method of self-expression will likely be appreciated.
JOIN THE MOVEMENT. Add your best email address below to start receiving news alerts. Sign Up Privacy Policy
The United States has begun importing Iraqi oil at a rate of 1.1 million barrels per day to replace export cuts announced by Saudi Arabia late last month, new figures compiled by Bloomberg show.
New data from the Department of Energy suggests that during the first week of June, Iraqi oil entered the U.S. at the quickest rate in the past five years – marking the first time the nation's exports exceeded those from Saudi Arabia over the same time period.
In late May, Riyadh announced its plans to purposely reduce exports to the United States to force a reduction in the latter's sizeable inventories, which are preventing a greater rise in global oil prices, according to Saudi Oil Minister Khalid Al-Falih.
Earlier that same month, Saudi Aramco said it would cut crude supplies to China, South Korea, and South East Asia by 1 million barrels each. The nations export to Indian buyers in June were set to decline by just over 3 million barrels, and supplies to Japan will drop by just under 1 million barrels this month, according to a Reuters' source.
The Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries' (OPEC) deal to reduce production does not set limits on the amount any member country can export to its customers. This is why Saudi cargoes to the U.S. in recent months have totaled 1.21 million barrels a day – the highest rates since 2014, the year of the oil price crash.
As the de facto leader and largest producer of OPEC, Saudi Arabia has cut its production the most of any member of the bloc. But stubbornly high fossil fuel inventories - which have been maintained worldwide, but are most readily measured in the U.S. due to open customs data – have prevented the measures from buttressing oil prices in a lasting way. Importer nations have opted to take advantage of low oil prices to stock up for the future.
By Zainab Calcuttawala for Oilprice.com
More Top Reads From Oilprice.com:
Expanding on the History Channel's are aliens real programming, Back to the Future creator Robert Zemeckis has penned a deal to develop Blue Book, a series based on the original real-life U.S. Air Force investigations into UFOs. This would mark History's fourth foray into scripted programming (following Vikings, Six, and Knightfall).
The real Project Blue Book ran from 1952 until 1970, and Zemeckis is sticking with that era and following various adaptations of investigations from that time. The 10-episode series will follow Dr. J. Allen Hynek, a professor recruited by the Air Force's lead investigator for Project Blue Book. Episodes will mine actual case files, weaving together theories with history.
A&E president Paul Buccieri in a statement:
“Blue Book is inspired by the true covert events of an era in American history shrouded in mystery. Robert Zemeckis and the creative team have shaped an incredibly compelling narrative, building upon History's unique, growing brand of fact-based scripted programming.”
Zemeckis, who has rarely ventured into the television space in the past, added:
“Rarely have I been associated with a project that is a perfect fusion of historical fact and extraordinary entertainment.”
Few people younger than 40 will likely recall that Project Blue Book had inspired an earlier NBC series titled Project Blue Book (also called Project UFO in some regions), which aired over two seasons from '78-'79 but was never re-aired domestically due to a rights dispute.
The project ended without any statements of actual UFO discoveries, and after its 18 years of investigations came to the following conclusions:
No UFO reported, investigated and evaluated by the Air Force was ever an indication of threat to our national security. There was no evidence submitted to or discovered by the Air Force that sightings categorized as “unidentified” represented technological developments or principles beyond the range of modern scientific knowledge; and There was no evidence indicating that sightings categorized as “unidentified” were extraterrestrial vehicles.
About Bill Watters Games programmer by day, geek culture and fandom writer by night. You'll find me writing most often about tv and movies with a healthy side dose of the goings-on around the convention and fandom scene.
(Last Updated )
Related Posts
MOSCOW (Reuters) - Military chiefs briefing Vladimir Putin on operations in Syria showed them a map with a reference to a unit in the center of the country that matches a Russian army artillery unit, suggesting the Kremlin's involvement may be deeper than previously thought.
Russian President Vladimir Putin (5th R) with Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu (6th R) and armed forces Chief of Staff Valery Gerasimov (4th R) attend a meeting on Russian air force's activity in Syria at the national defence control centre in Moscow, Russia, November 17, 2015. REUTERS/Alexei Nikolskyi/SPUTNIK/Kremlin
Moscow, which is conducting air strikes in Syria, has repeatedly said Russian troops are not taking part in ground operations. If the unit is part of the Russian military, it would mean Russian forces are operating well outside the zone where Moscow says its troops are present.
The map was shown on Russian state television footage of a briefing at defense ministry headquarters on Tuesday evening, when Putin was being shown how the Kremlin was intensifying its operations against Islamic State.
Spotted by an eagle-eyed Russian military blogger, the map featured a dot near to the settlement of Sadad, between the cities of Homs and Damascus, accompanied by the words: “5 Gabatr 120th ABR 2A65 Msta B, six pieces from 14:00 06.11.”
“Gabatr” is an acronym commonly used in the Russian military for “Howitzer Battery.” The acronym “ABR” stands for “Artillery Brigade”. The designation “2A65 Msta B” describes a type of howitzer in use by the Russian military.
The Russian military has a 120th artillery brigade, based in Siberia armed with 2A65 guns. A duty serviceman contacted by Reuters on Wednesday confirmed the brigade was based in Siberia, but said they did not know whether it was active in Syria.
Siberian TV channel Yenisei-region has in the past broadcast footage from a local firing range where the 120th brigade was tested firing the 2A65 guns.
Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov, when asked about the map, said: “In Syria there is a technical contingent (of troops) linked with carrying out the Russian air force operation.”
“There are no ground forces there and Russian soldiers are not carrying out a ground operation. The president has said that many times.”
They said further questions should be addressed to the Defense Ministry and that they were not an expert in military maps.
Two spokespersons from the Russian defense ministry declined to comment. Nor did the ministry immediately respond to written questions on the subject from Reuters.
The map displayed in the defense ministry briefing was entitled: “Activities of the armed forces of the Syrian Arab Republic in the area of the Mheen settlement.”
Islamist militants are encircled by Syrian government forces in Mheen, according to Valery Gerasimov, the head of the Russian general staff, who was speaking during the briefing.
WITHIN ARTILLERY RANGE
The point where the map showed the artillery is roughly 20 km (12.5 miles) from Mheen, which would put the militants there within range of the Russian artillery.
Russia has up to now said that it has troops on the ground at two locations, at the Tartous port the Russian navy leases from Syria, and at an airstrip near Latakia, in western Syria, from where the Russian air force conducts strikes.
It has also said it has military advisers and instructors working alongside the Syrian armed forces.
If it has an artillery firing point in Syria too, it would mark an upgrading of its presence.
Such an escalation would carry risks for Russia too, because it would increase the possibility of combat casualties, a hugely sensitive issue for the Russian public which still has raw memories of military entanglements in Chechnya and Afghanistan.
Peskov said Russia believed its air strikes alone were not sufficient to defeat Islamic State militants, that a ground operation was necessary and the only force that could conduct that was the Syrian army.
Putin called on their defense chiefs on Tuesday to redouble their campaign against Islamic State, in Syria and elsewhere, after Russian officials confirmed that a bomb had brought down a Russian passenger jet in Egypt this month, killing 224 people.
According to CBS Sportsline's resident story-teller baseball insider (Jon Heyman), the Phillies are "sending signals" that they are going to offer Cole Hamels a 6 year, $130 million deal "within the next few days." The Phillies are trying to be competitive with Matt Cain's deal (6 years, $127.5 million), while Heyman believes Hamels is looking for Johan Santana (6 years, $136 million) or even C.C. Sabathia money (7 years, $161 million).
I'm not sure what the best part of this story is. It surely isn't the money or years, because everyone in the Western hemisphere has been speculating about Hamels wanting at least Cain money for a while now.
No, the best part of this story is one of two things. A poll after the jump lets you vote:
1) Sending signals: Heyman writes that the Phillies are "sending signals" about their plans. What I really want to know, and what I think Heyman has a journalistic responsibility to tell us, is what kind of signals those are. Are the Phillies using smoke signals? Are they sending Morse code messages to other teams? Are they writing Zapf Dingbat emails to reporters? Or maybe those little flags that airport runway workers use? Whatever it is, we are on the cusp of learning about a whole new strategy employed by the Phillies management, yet Heyman leaves us wondering. Shame on you Jon!
2) Bulldog in a hitters park: Heyman concludes: "Hamels, like Cain, has a reputation as a bulldog, and being successful in Philadelphia over a multi-year span fuels that rep. He's also done it in a hitters' park." With this quote, Heyman has decided to swallow one myth hook, line, and sinker (hitters' park) while completely ignoring the mainstream conventional wisdom about Hamels (that he's a wimp). Which is it Jon? Are you an insightful commentator who bucks the conventional wisdom or do you mindlessly buy into myths without any investigation? Because you can't have it both ways.
Needless to say, as a Hamels fan, I'm disheartened because it's pretty clear that with Heyman reporting this about the Phillies offer, I'm sure we'll learn in the next few days that the Phillies offered Hamels a 1 year, $5.5 million extension.
Los Angeles
JUST over a week ago, a handful of Senator Scott P. Brown's supporters gathered in Boston to protest their opponent, Elizabeth Warren. The crowd — making Indian war whoops and tomahawk chops — was ridiculing what Mr. Brown, Republican of Massachusetts, called the “offense” of Ms. Warren's claim that they have Cherokee and Delaware ancestry.
To mock real Indians by chanting like Hollywood Indians in order to protest someone you claim is not Indian at all gets very confusing. Even more so because early Americans spent centuries killing Indians, and then decades trying to drive any distinctive Indianness out of the ones who survived. Perhaps we've come a long way if Americans are now going around accusing people who don't look or act Indian enough of appropriating that identity for personal gain. But in fact, the appropriation of Indian virtues is one of the country's oldest traditions.
Indians — who we are and what we mean — have always been part of how America defined itself. Indians on the East Coast were largely (but never completely) deracinated, and tribes like the Delaware were either killed or relocated farther west. At the same time, their Indianness was extracted as a set of virtues: honor, stoicism, dignity, freedom. Once, in college, an African-American student shook their head when I told them that I was Indian and they said they were jealous. Why? I asked. Because you lived life on your own terms and would rather have died than become a slave. That sentiment — totally at odds with the reality in which many tribes were indeed enslaved and a few owned slaves themselves — seemed a very wistful expression of what being an Indian meant.
In any case, the mythic Indian virtues of dignity and freedom adhere less to real Indians than they do to the very nation that deposed them. Just think of how much the ultimate American, the cowboy, has in common with the Indian: a life lived beyond the law but in accordance with a higher set of laws like self-sufficiency, honor, toughness, a painful past, a fondness for whiskey and always that long, lingering look over their shoulder at a way of life quickly disappearing. Contrary to the view held by a lot of Indian people, America hasn't forgotten us. It has always been obsessed with us and has appropriated, without recourse to reality or our own input, the qualities with which we are associated.
Photo
BEGINNING in the late 19th century, assimilation of the remaining American Indian population was official federal policy. This was around the time that the American frontier was considered closed: the West Coast had been reached and there were no more lands or peoples to conquer. And yet Indians still held on to much of our land and our identity. So at the behest of the federal government, thousands of Indian children were removed from their homes and sent to boarding schools. Indian languages and native religions were suppressed.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Even as late as the 1950s, the federal government ran a relocation program that promised American Indians housing and job training if they left their rural communities for cities like Cleveland, Chicago and Los Angeles. (Very few of these programs provided anything close to what the brochures handed out door to door on many reservations had promised.)
Syria's information minister has said that Israeli air raids against three targets on the outskirts of Damascus "open the door to all possibilities".
Omran al-Zoubie's comments in Damascus on Sunday came after an emergency cabinet meeting organised to respond to what a Western source said was a new attack on Iranian missiles bound for Lebanon's Hezbollah.
Although Zoubie did not hint at a concrete course of action, they said it was Syria's duty to protect the state from any "domestic or foreign attack through all available means".
They claimed the Israeli attacks were evidence of the country's links with "Islamic extremist groups" trying to topple the Syrian government.
Israel declined to confirm the attack so as not to pressure the Syrian President Bashar al-Assad into serious retaliation, according to a confidant of Benjamin Netanyahu, the Israeli prime minister.
Sunday's attack is the third Israeli assault this year on Syrian soil.
On the same day, Israel deployed two batteries of its Iron Dome rocket defence system to the north of the country. It described the action as part of "ongoing situational assessments".
No confirmation
Previous raids on Syria by Israel - which commands one of the most advanced militaries in the world and is backed by the US - have not elicited a military response from Syria or its allies Iran and Hezbollah.
Israeli fighter jets struck areas in and around Damascus, setting off a series of explosions, officials and activists said.
The attack, the second in three days and the third this year, signalled a sharp escalation of Israel's involvement in Syria's civil war.
Syrian state media reported that Israeli missiles struck a military and scientific research centre near Damascus and caused casualties.
Syria's government called the attacks against its territory a "flagrant violation of international law" that have made the Middle East "more dangerous".
A senior Israeli official, who spoke on the condition of anonymity, confirmed that Israel launched an air attack in Damascus early on Sunday.
The targets were reportedly the Jamraya military and scientific research centre near Damascus; a Syrian Republican Guard base is located nearby.
The target was Fateh-110 missiles, which have precision guidance systems with better aim than anything Hezbollah is known to have in its arsenal, the official told the Associated Press news agency.
Dilemma for regime
While the Assad government tried to use the air attacks to taint the rebels by linking them to Israel, the attacks still pose a dilemma for a regime already battling a relentless rebellion at home.
If it fails to respond, it looks weak and opens the door to such air strikes becoming a common occurrence.
But any military retaliation against Israel would risk dragging Israel and its powerful army into a broader conflict.
Political analyst Fawaz Gerges discusses possible consequences
The tempo of the new raids added a dangerous dynamic to the conflict,causing concern that events could spin out of control and lead to a regional crisis.
Earlier, Syria's foreign ministry accused Israel of working with "terrorist groups".
"The blatant Israeli aggression against military sites in Syria confirms the coordination between Israel and terrorist groups and the takfiris of Jabhat al-Nusra, which is a branch of Al-Qaeda," the ministry said in a letter to the UN.
The ministry said the support was intended to boost "terrorist groups after the failure of their recent attempts to achieve control on the ground."
The Israeli raids were strongly condemned by Egypt as a "violation" of international law while the Cairo-based Arab League demanded the UN Security Council intervention to stop such Israeli attacks.
Nov 30, 2014; Atlanta, GA, USA; Atlanta Falcons inside linebacker Paul Worrilow (55) and cornerback Josh Wilson (26) tackle Arizona Cardinals running back Marion Grice (23) during the second half at the Georgia Dome. The Falcons defeated the Cardinals 29-18. Mandatory Credit: Dale Zanine-USA TODAY Sports
Only Two Atlanta Falcons Selected For Pro Bowl by Sam Kweon
Well this is interesting.
As much as Paul Worrilow is a mean player on the field, they were recognized for being “a good guy” in a vote of Atlanta Falcons writers and broadcaster regularly assigned to cover the team on Wednesday.
If you do not know what the PFWA is, it stands for Pro Football Writers of America. It's known as the official voice of professional football writers.
Tony Gonzalez won the National Good Guy Award last season. Understand that Worrilow has only won the Falcons Good Guy Award, not the national one…yet.
From AJC.com:
NATIONAL GOOD GUY AWARD WINNERS (To a NFL player for their qualities and professional style in helping the pro football writers do their job): 2005 – Jerome Bettis (Pittsburgh Steelers); 2006 – Tiki Barber (New York Giants); 2007 – LaDainian Tomlinson (San Diego Chargers); 2008 – Brett Favre (Green Bay Packers); 2009 – Kurt Warner (Arizona Cardinals); 2010 – Drew Brees (New Orleans Saints); 2011 – Aaron Rodgers (Green Bay Packers); 2012 – Tim Tebow (Denver Broncos); 2013 – Tony Gonzalez (Atlanta Falcons).
FALCONS GOOD GUY AWARD WINNERS: 2011 – Roddy White; 2012 – Thomas DeCoud; 2013 – William Moore. 2014 – Paul Worrilow
Worrilow got off to a rocky start in 2014 and was criticized countless times by Falcons fans for missing tackles. They have been steadier as of late and is the leader of a defense that is dominating the run defense the past couple of games.
City officials plan to install a gunfire detection system to help Baltimore police pinpoint where shootings are happening, technology that a previous police commissioner once called a "horrible, horrible failure."
The system, which supporters say has advanced significantly since 2008 when then-Commissioner Frederick H. Bealefeld III maligned it, would use acoustic sensors installed over at least three square miles in an undetermined community where guns are frequently fired.
The Police Department intends to use a $370,000 federal grant to help pay for the equipment, for which bids have been requested. Companies must submit proposals by Aug. 10.
City Councilman Brandon M. Scott said the system would create opportunities for police to solve more crimes. Upgrades to the technology make the purchase a worthwhile investment, they said.
"We have to start thinking about using technology more to fight crime," said Scott, vice chairperson of the council's Public Safety Committee. "If we can improve the closure rate for shootings and homicides involving guns and help more families have closure, that's all I want."
The technology detects the sound of gunfire using receivers attached to buildings and utility poles. The audio is monitored by computers and analysts, enabling dispatchers within seconds to deploy officers to the scene of gunfire.
That allows police to arrive faster, get victims immediate medical attention, interview witnesses before they leave and collect evidence, such as shell casings.
Reviews of the technology have found that frequent alerts do not necessarily translate into arrests. The technology does not always lead police to the right location, and other loud noises, such as fireworks, can trigger alerts.
Baltimore has backed out of plans to buy the equipment at least twice over the past decade. Meanwhile, the number of cities using the surveillance equipment has tripled to at least 90 worldwide, including Washington, New York and Oakland, Calif.
A Baltimore police spokesperson said the technology fits into the city's evolving crime-fighting strategy.
Spokesman T.J. Smith said police are looking for equipment to work in conjunction with closed-circuit television cameras and other systems that aid police response and investigations.
"This is a tool in the overall crime fight," Smith said. "This is not a magic show that is going to end anything. It is an opportunity to use a different piece of technology to help."
The Police Department is using a U.S. Justice Department grant to pay for the system. Officials would not say whether additional funding would be needed.
Smith said the purchase is not related to the ongoing Justice Department investigation of the Baltimore police.
They said the Police Department wants to have the equipment installed and running within a year. The community that will receive the technology will be determined based on the number of gun crimes and firearms arrests, Smith said.
The city has seen more than 120 shooting deaths and 300 nonfatal shootings this year. Last year, there were 344 killings, including 301 with guns, making 2015 the deadliest year per capita in Baltimore's history.
The city abandoned plans early last year to buy gunshot detection equipment, despite a $305,000 state grant to help cover the costs. Officials said at the time that the cost to use the technology would take away from other crime-fighting efforts.
The state never sent the money from the original grant because the city did not proceed with the purchase.
The Johns Hopkins University tested the technology about a decade ago near the Homewood campus using a donated system. When the company that provided the equipment went out of business, the university shut down the system.
Baltimore police tested the system with Hopkins and considered other detection programs. Officials ultimately decided not to buy the technology, partly because of the cost.
Bealefeld told The Baltimore Sun in 2008 that police had previously tested another system, "and if I had to rate it on a scale of 'A' through 'D,' it would be a D-minus-minus," they said.
Bealefeld, now chief security officer at Under Armour, noted Friday that the technology has evolved significantly since they made those comments. Still, they said city officials should conduct "very intensive field testing."
"My experience with these types of technology is they look good on paper, really good on PowerPoint and in a controlled lab setting. But these things are unproven until you take them to East and West Baltimore and test them in the field," Bealefeld said. "If they accomplish what the goals are, I'd say, 'Yeah, invest.'"
Peter Moskos, a former Baltimore police officer and now an associate professor at the John Jay College of Criminal Justice in New York, said the technology has continued to improve and the cost to install it has dropped, prompting more jurisdictions to invest in it.
In New York, for example, Mayor Bill de Blasio recently announced plans to spend $3 million to expand the use of the ShotSpotter technology citywide.
Moskos said the technology "may be impressive, but it's not perfect." It relies on dispatchers and analysts to review audio recordings of the bangs to help screen out false triggers, such as engine backfires.
Other problems were uncovered by a critical report recently released by the Center for Investigative Reporting. The report found that alerts do not always lead police to shootings and that of the 3,000 alerts issued by ShotSpotter in San Francisco over 21/2 years, two arrests were made; one was gun-related.
Five cities with ShotSpotter contracts have let their contracts run out, including Charlotte, N.C., and Quincy, Wash., according to the report. Officials in San Francisco expect to renew theirs.
Deploying officers rapidly does have other benefits, Moskos said.
"Occasionally, you can save lives because you find the victim quicker," Moskos said. "In the case of a shooting, a few minutes can be life or death.
"Is it worth the cost is the other question. Consider the status quo."
Ralph A. Clark, president of ShotSpotter, pointed to another benefit: understanding the full extent of gunfire in cities. They said relying on 911 calls alone to document the number of times that shots are fired grossly undercounts them, based on data collected by the detection systems.
"Urban gun violence happens a lot more frequently," they said.
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Supermarkets have seen a 200% spike in the demand for ice due to the latest online charity fundraising craze.
Some retailers are having to bring in emergency stock to meet the demand as the Ice Bucket Challenge for Motor Neurone disease sweeps the nation.
Dun Loaghaire's Tesco Bloomfield had some of the highest sales figures, hitting a massive 200% increase in demand compared to this time last year.
Thomas Guilfoyle, fresh food manager at the store, said demand had been unprecedented.
They told Retail Intelligence magazine: “I'd say we're at the peak of this now.
“If you go into any social media website, every second post is related to the ‘Ice Bucket Challenge'. I think nearly everyone's got their challenge in at this stage.”
Over the weekend Tesco reported nationwide sales 45% higher than this time last year.
A spokesperson said: “Ice sales have increased further this week with a 63% increase in ice sales on Monday.
“New stock has gone into stores this week to cater for this increased demand.”
SuperValu in Dublin's Talbot street recorded a 25% boost, while in Malahide the chain said 10% more had been sold.
Today the Irish Motor Neurone Disease Association said participants in Ireland had raised E850,000 as a direct result of the Ice Bucket Challenge.
The charity renewed its appeal to the public through social media yesterday, calling for even more donations.
They said: “Just wanted to let you know that your ice bucket challenges have now raised €850,000. Dare we dream about reaching the big million.”
The craze has seen public figures from George Bush to Roy Keane take part, raising millions in the process.
Earlier today actor Matt Damon took part in the challenge – using toilet water in a bizarre twist.
St. Paul on Stoicism
From the Acts of the Apostles
Some scholars find many traces of Stoicism in the New Testament, particularly in the teachings of the Apostle Paul. One even concludes: “Paul was a crypto-Stoic” (Engberg-Perderson, in Strange & Zupko, 2009).
In the Acts of the Apostles, Chapter 17, the author, traditionally presumed to be Luke the Evangelist, describes St. Paul's arrival in Athens around 50 AD. Paul engages in discussion with certain Epicurean and Stoic philosophers at the Areopagus, or high court, delivering a famous Christian sermon. The well-known 5-6th century Neoplatonic Christian mystic and philosopher Pseudo-Dionysus the Areopagite is named after one of the individuals described here as becoming a follower of Paul at Athens, with whom they were originally confused. Paul favourably quotes lines from two unnamed Greek poems in their sermon. Scholars have identified the first as coming from the Cretica of the pre-Socratic philosopher-poet Epimenides (fl. 7th or 6th century BC), which forms part of the verse:
They fashioned a tomb for you, holy and high one,
Cretans, always liars, evil beasts, idle bellies.
But you are not dead: you live and abide forever,
For in you we live and move and have our being. [the line quoted by St. Paul]
The second has been identified as coming from the Phaenomena of the philosopher-poet Aratus (315/310 – 240 BC), a student of Zeno, the founder of Stoicism:
Let us begin with Zeus, whom we mortals never leave unspoken.
For every street, every market-place is full of Zeus.
Even the sea and the harbour are full of this deity.
Everywhere everyone is indebted to Zeus.
For we are indeed their offspring… [the line quoted by St. Paul]
The Text from Acts 17
Those who escorted Paul brought them to Athens and then left with instructions for Silas and Timothy to join them as soon as possible.
While Paul was waiting for them in Athens, they were greatly distressed to see that the city was full of idols. So they reasoned in the synagogue with both Jews and God-fearing Greeks, as well as in the marketplace day by day with those who happened to be there. A group of Epicurean and Stoic philosophers began to debate with him. Some of them asked, “What is this babbler trying to say?” Others remarked, “He seems to be advocating foreign gods.” They said this because Paul was preaching the good news about Jesus and the resurrection. Then they took them and brought them to a meeting of the Areopagus, where they said to him, “May we know what this new teaching is that you are presenting? You are bringing some strange ideas to our ears, and we would like to know what they mean.” (All the Athenians and the foreigners who lived there spent their time doing nothing but talking about and listening to the latest ideas.)
Paul then stood up in the meeting of the Areopagus and said:
“People of Athens! I see that in every way you are very religious. For as I walked around and looked carefully at your objects of worship, I even found an altar with this inscription: to an unknown god. So you are ignorant of the very thing you worship—and this is what I am going to proclaim to you. “The God who made the world and everything in it is the Lord of heaven and earth and does not live in temples built by human hands. And they are not served by human hands, as if they needed anything. Rather, they themselves give everyone life and breath and everything else. From one man they made all the nations, that they should inhabit the whole earth; and they marked out their appointed times in history and the boundaries of their lands. God did this so that they would seek them and perhaps reach out for them and find him, though they are not far from any one of us. ‘For in them we live and move and have our being' [Epimenides]. As some of your own poets have said, ‘We are their offspring' [Aratus]. “Therefore since we are God's offspring, we should not think that the divine being is like gold or silver or stone—an image made by human design and skill. In the past God overlooked such ignorance, but now they command all people everywhere to repent. For they have set a day when they will judge the world with justice by the man they have appointed. They have given proof of this to everyone by raising them from the dead.”
When they heard about the resurrection of the dead, some of them sneered, but others said, “We want to hear you again on this subject.” At that, Paul left the Council. Some of the people became followers of Paul and believed. Among them was Dionysius, a member of the Areopagus, also a woman named Damaris, and a number of others.
Free Email Course Sign up today for our free email course on The Meditations of Marcus Aurelius. You'll receive weekly emails with my commentary on this classic Stoic text. Success! Now check your email to confirm your subscription.
51.500152 -0.126236
london, uk
Like this: Like Loading...
Tags: Page LabEvolution + DevelopmentGenetics + Genomics
CAMBRIDGE, Mass. – Painstaking new analysis of the genetic sequence of the X chromosome—long perceived as the “female” counterpart to the male-associated Y chromosome—reveals that large portions of the X have evolved to play a specialized role in sperm production.
This surprising finding, reported by Whitehead Institute scientists in a paper published online this week in the journal Nature Genetics, is paired with another unexpected outcome: despite its reputation as the most stable chromosome of the genome, the X has actually been undergoing relatively swift change. Taken together, these results suggest that it's time to reexamine the biological and medical importance of the X chromosome.
“We view this as the double life of the X chromosome,” says Whitehead Institute Director David Page, whose lab conducted this latest research.
“The X is the most famous, most intensely studied chromosome in all of human genetics. And the story of the X has been the story of X-linked recessive diseases, such as color blindness, hemophilia, and Duchenne's muscular dystrophy,” Page adds. “But there's another side to the X, a side that is rapidly evolving and seems to be attuned to the reproductive needs of males.”
Page's lab, best known for its pioneering investigations of the Y chromosome, embarked on a rigorous comparison of the mouse and human X chromosomes, in part to test the longstanding biological tenet that the gene content of X chromosomes is conserved and shared across mammals. However, to render such a comparison valid, the lab had to upgrade the human X reference sequence, which was originally assembled as a mosaic of sequences from the X chromosomes of at least 16 people. This composite left the reference with errors and gaps that fail to capture so-called ampliconic regions containing segments of nucleotides that are virtually identical. Such near-complete identity prevents recognition of tiny but important differences.
To set the sequence straight, the lab turned to the unique sequencing method Page had developed with collaborators at Washington University in St. Louis to help navigate the structural complexities of the Y chromosome. As Page reported roughly a decade ago, the Y contains several regions of large palindromes—areas of mirror-imaged genetic sequences. Such regions defy elucidation via conventional sequencing approaches, which simply cannot detect extremely subtle genetic differences found hidden among the “mirrors.” In response, Page and colleagues devised what is known as SHIMS (single-haplotype iterative mapping and sequencing) to establish a definitive reference DNA sequence of the Y chromosome.
Using SHIMS, the lab greatly improved the human X reference sequence, accurately assembling three large amplicons, identifying previously unknown palindromes, and ultimately shortening the entire length of the sequence by eliminating four major gaps. These important updates will now be incorporated into the reference sequence of the human X for use by the greater scientific community.
Upgraded reference in hand, the lab discovered that, as might have been expected, the mouse and human X chromosomes have nearly 95% of their X-linked, single-copy genes in common. Almost all of these genes are expressed in both sexes. Strikingly, however, the lab identified approximately 340 genes that are not shared between the two species. Fittingly, most of these genes reside in ampliconic regions of the X and appear to have been acquired independently during the 80 million years since mouse and human diverged from a common ancestor. Expression analyses revealed that these genes are active almost exclusively in testicular germ cells, where, at a minimum, they likely contribute to sperm production. Further exploration of these X-ampliconic regions and their associated genes is warranted.
“This is a collection of genes that has largely eluded medical geneticists,” says Jacob Mueller, a postdoctoral researcher in Page's lab and first author of the Nature Genetics paper. “None of these genes has been associated with a Mendellian trait. Now that we're confident of the assembly and gene content of these highly repetitive regions on the X chromosome, we can start to dissect their biological significance.”
Adds Page: “These genes are more likely to have roles in diseases that are related to reproduction, infertility, perhaps even testis cancer. There's a whole other book to be written about this aspect of the X.”
This work is supported by the National Institutes of Health (grants HG00257 and HD064753).
Written by Matt Fearer
***
David Page's primary affiliation is with Whitehead Institute, where their laboratory is located and all their research is conducted.  They are also a professor of biology at Massachusetts Institute of Technology and an investigator of the Howard Hughes Medical Institute.
***
Full Citation:
“Independent specialization of the human and mouse X chromosomes for the male germline”
Nature Genetics, online publication, July 21, 2013
Jacob L. Mueller (1), Helen Skaletsky (1,2), Laura G. Brown (1,2), Sara Zaghlul (1), Susan Rock (4), Tina Graves (4), Katherine Auger (5), Wesley C. Warren (4), Richard K. Wilson (4), David C. Page (1,2,3).
1. Whitehead Institute for Biomedical Research, Cambridge, MA 02142, USA.
2. Howard Hughes Medical Institute, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.
3. Department of Biology, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.
4. The Genome Institute, Washington University School of Medicine, St. Louis, MO, USA.
5. The Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Wellcome Trust Genome Campus, Hinxton, Cambridge, UK.
Al-Shabab Claims Responsibility For Bombing Of Somali Jet Last Week
The al-Qaida-linked militant group al-Shabab has claimed responsibility for the bombing of a Somalian commercial airliner earlier this month.
In a statement, the Somalia-based Islamist group said the attack was targeting Western and Turkish intelligence agents and that the bomb was intended to destroy the entire plane, The Associated Press reports.
The attack failed on that front: the bomb detonated just 15 minutes after take-off, while the plane was only at 11,000 feet, and despite the hole in the plane's fuselage it made a safe emergency landing in Mogadishu.
The only casualty was the bomber, who was sucked out of the hole in the side of the plane.
As we reported earlier this week, CCTV footage suggests that Somali airport workers played a part in the bombing. It shows airport workers passing a suitcase to the passenger who detonated the explosive mid-flight, as Merrit explained:
"A YouTube video posted by the Somali government on Twitter purportedly shows the bomb passoff at Mogadishu's Aden Adde International Airport. Footage released at the same time shows the inside of the cabin after the explosion. "The cellphone video of the windy plane cabin shows passengers looking strikingly unfazed about the bomb that just exploded and the hole it left behind."
Airline officials had suspected al-Shabab, which has carried out a number of attacks in Somalia, well before the group claimed responsibility for the failed bombing.
Transit and AP have joined forces now through the release date of the band's upcoming fifth album Joyride (out October 21) for a 12-day album premiere in which we will make you quiver in anticipation as we slowly unveil each track and offer you a chance to win signed vinyl every weekday.
For day one, we're bringing you track one from the band's impending full-length (logical, right?). Stream “The Only One” below and check back every weekday for more if you like what you hear.
Share this premiere with your Facebook friends by commenting on the article. One commenter will be randomly selected to win a signed vinyl copy of Joyride. Please be sure your Facebook settings allow pages to send you messages; as, the winner will be contacted via Share this premiere with your Facebook friends by commenting on the article.. Please be sure your Facebook settings allow pages to send you messages; as, the winner will be contacted via the Alternative Press Facebook page
Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
Dan Pallotta created two huge charity initiatives — AIDS Rides bicycle journeys and Breast Cancer 3-Day events. These initiatives raised $108 million for HIV/AIDS and $194 million for breast cancer. Both had their best years in 2002 … and then Pallotta's nonprofit went out of business.
In the final session of TED2013, Pallotta shares why that happened: Major sponsors pulled out following a slew of bad press over the idea that their organization was investing 40% of their gross into recruitment and customer service. The backlash came from our basic — and wrong — cultural understanding of charity.
“What we know about charity and the nonprofit sector is undermining the causes we believe in and our desire to change the world,” says Pallotta. We expect businesses and nonprofits to use “two separate rulebooks,” they suggest.
“Business will move the mass of humanity forward, but will always leave behind that 10% of the most disadvantaged and unlucky,” they say — which is why we need philanthropy and nonprofits. But couldn't the nonprofit sector use the same strategies as the business world to grow their profits and give more money to the needy? After all, says Pallotta, “How do you monetize the prevention of violence against women?”
The nonprofit sector as we know it isn't working. In the United States, poverty has been stuck at 12% for the last 40 years. Homelessness has not been solved in any major city, and we have no cure for cancer.
“Our social problems are gigantic in scale, our organizations are tiny up against them — and we have beliefs that keep them tiny,” says Pallotta, the president of Advertising for Humanity and author of Charity Case.
Pallotta outlines five ways in which nonprofits are handicapped in their mission to help people.
1. Compensation
“We have a visceral reaction to the idea of people making a lot of money helping others. Interestingly, we don't have a visceral reaction to the idea that people should make a lot of money not helping other people,” says Pallotta. “It gives a stark, mutually exclusive choice between doing well for yourself and your family and doing well for world.”
For example, the average salary for a CEO of a hunger charity is $80K. Meanwhile the average salary for someone with an MBA, after ten years of school, is $400K.
“We send people marching from the nonprofit sector into the for-profit sector, because they're not willing to make that kind of compromise,” says Pallotta. “Not a lot of people with $400K talent will make a $316K sacrifice every year.” And actually, it turns out it's more financially advantageous for these talented business minds to take the big paycheck, give $100K to a hunger charity each year, reap the tax benefits and get the label of “philanthropist.”
2. Adveritsing and marketing
“We tell for-profits to spend, spend, spend on advertising,” says Pallotta, but nonprofits are expected not to advertise — unless the advertising space and airtime is donated. People want to see their money spent directly on the needy.
But Pallotta points out that money invested in advertising can be returned dramatically amplified. They use their own initiatives as an example. Over nine years, more than 182,000 people participated in Pallotta's AIDS Rides and Breast Cancer 3-Day events, raising a cummulative $581 million.
“We got that many people to participate because we bought full-page ads,” says Pallotta. “Do you know how many people we would have gotten if we advertised with fliers in the laundromat?”
Pallotta stresses that nonprofits need to be able to communicate with the public the incredible work that they are doing — and to ask for bold commitments in return. “People are yearning to be asked to use the full measure of their potential for somthing they care about,” they say.
3. Taking risks on new revenue ideas
Nonprofits are not allowed to try new things, says Pallotta, because public outcry sounds so quickly at a failure. As Pallotta found by using a different model of spending — experimentation is a big no-no for nonprofits.
“Nonprofits are reluctant to attempt any brave, daring new fundraising endeavors, because they're scared their reputations will be dragged through the mud,” they say.
This fear kills innovation. And if nonprofits can't try new things and grow — how can they possibly tackle problems of the size that our world has?
4. Time
On the same note, Pallotta points out that it took Amazon four years to turn a profit. While businesses are given time to build the infrastructure they need, non-profits are not afforded this luxury.
“If a non-profit had a dream of building at a magnificent scale, but it would require six years for the money to go to the needy, we would expect a crucifixion,” says Pallotta.
5. Profit to attract risk capital
This point is a simple one: nonprofits can't go after capital, because they can't be on the stock market. And how do you build scale without capital?
Pallotta stresses that the nonprofit sector is at an extreme disadvantage when compared with the for-profit sector. The difference is dramatic. Since 1970, 144 nonprofits have crossed the $50 million annual revenue barrier. In the same amount of the time, an astounding 46,136 for-profit businesses have surpassed that mark.
So how did this happen? Pallotta looks to American history for the answer. They share how the Puritanical spirit saw self-interest as a ticket to hell. But charity was seen as the antidote, a way to do penance. “Financial interest was exiled from the realm of charity,” they say.
Today, Pallotta is horrified that only one question is used to evaluate a charity: What percentage of my donation goes to the cause versus overhead?
“It makes us think that overhead is a negative, that it is somehow not a part of ‘the cause,'” they say. “This forces organizations to forego what they need for growth.”
Pallotta shares how their organization used a more-business like model — taking $50K in initial funding for AIDS Rides and multiplying it to $108 million, and taking an $350K initial investment in Breast Cancer 3-Day walks and multiplying it to $194 million. Pallotta says that their organization could have gone the route of just giving the initial funding to research, but by investing in growth, they were able to give so much more.
“[And yet] 350 employees lost their jobs because they were labeled overhead,” says Palotta. “This is what happens when we confuse morality with frugality.”
Pallotta notes that charitable giving in the United States has remained stuck at 2% of the gross domestic product for the past four decades. What if, instead of requiring charities to tighten their belts, we let them grow and try to increase their marketshare?
Pallotta shows an interesting pie graph. Two percent of the US GDP equals $300 billion, with about $60 billion going to health and human services charities. But what if charitable giving could be boosted just 1%? That would be an extra $150 billion a year — just for health and human services charities.
“Our generation does not want its epithet to read, ‘We kept charity overhead low,'” concludes Pallotta. “We want it to read that we changed the world.”
And so next time you're investigating at charity, they plead: “Don't ask about the size of their overhead — ask about the size of their dreams.”
Dan Pallotta's talk is now available for viewing. Watch it on TED.com »
Not many people use their phone exclusively for making calls or sending messages today. If you're an Android user, the chances are high that you're using your phone or tablet for work-related activities. However, the basic set of apps and services your device was shipped with won't satisfy most users. The good thing is that Google Play Store has a nice selection of productivity apps for every task. Below you'll find a list of apps that will help you gradually optimize and organize your digital life and improve productivity. All of the apps are free to download and use, thou they might have in-app purchasing options. None of them are mandatory for the app to function properly.
Step 1: Evernote Evernote is an absolute must-have for anybody who cross path with images, text and web pages. That's basically everybody. Simply put, Evernote is an online note-taking app, or your virtual notepad. It can be used for typing text and taking notes, saving images and web pages, storing other files like PDFs and PowerPoint presentations, creating to-do lists and more. You can create virtual notebooks with multiple entries, link them together, tag articles and organize your files however you want. Your notes stay synced between the online service and the Android app so no need to worry about losing the notes. Download Evernote from Google Play Store
Step 2: Pushbullet Pushbullet is a nice solution for people who use multiple devices and want to easily share content between them. Pushbullet works as an intermediate between the devices you add it to. Save for an Android app, Pushbullet also is a browser extension and a separate program. With it you can send links, text, images and other files to other devices you have synced with it and to your friend who also use this service. It also functions as a messenger and a bookmarks manager. Download Pushbullet from Google Play Store
Step 3: B1 File Manager The stock Android doesn't have a file manager. B1 File Manager can do what the file explorer does in Windows and more. B1 File Manager is a app for browsing through files and folder on your Android device. It has all of the features you would expect from such kind of app: you can move, copy, rename and delete files. In addition to this, B1 File Manager supports over 40 types of archives, meaning that whenever you download a zipped file from the Internet, you can be sure that you'll be able to unpack it. Also, the app support FTP/SMD shares, Dropbox, Google Drive, Onedrive and other cloud storages. Download B1 File Manager from Google Play Store
Step 4: IFTTT IFTTT is a rather easy way to fully automize every aspect of your digital life. IFTTT works as a service to create simple connections between different events in different apps. Thousands of ready Recipes are available as an example of what you can do with the app. E.g. you arrange so that when you take a photo it automatically gets posted in Twitter. Or whenever you receive a document via email it automatically gets saved into a cloud storage of your choice. With a little creativity, IFTTT can make routine tasks unnoticeable. Download IFTTT from Google Play Store
Step 5: WPS Office + PDF In almost every sphere of work, you'll most certainly find yourself in need of a comprehensive office suit. WPS Office + PDF is an office suit has been around before MS Office for Android was launched, so for many Android users it's a default go-to office app. It has a perfect support for most common text-based document, Excel spreadsheets, presentations, plain text files and PDFs. I've never came across a document that this app couldn't open or render correctly. It's rather simple, yet feature-rich, it's light-weight and works smoothly on any kind of android device. Download WPS Office + PDF from Google Play Store
Step 6: TeamViewer Ever forgot something on your PC that's not available in the Internet or in the cloud? Now you can get it via remote control. TeamViewer is a program that has been available on PC for ages, and now you can get it on your Android device. With TeamViewer you can remotely connect to your PC (to your parents PC for solving tech issue) in order to operate desktop programs unsvailable for Android, retrieve forgotten files or to shutdown your PC when it has finished the tasks you left it with. TeamViewer can save you a lot of pains when your PC is miles away from you. Download TeamViewer from Google Play Store
Step 7: Copy Bubble The days when you needed to keep a text file with with your copy-paste materials are long gone. Copy Bubble is a clipboard manager for Android. The default Android clipboard lets you buffer only one copied text which will be overwritten once you copy something new. Copy Bubble removes this limitation and lets you store unlimited amount of information for pasting. The clipboard is will be available as a floating bubble above all other open apps which lets you easily access it and select whatever material you want to paste next. Download Copy Bubble from Google Play Store
AVG has shut down its remote access service Crossloop.
The security company acquired Crossloop in 2012, to support what it says is a “ rapidly growing AVG CloudCare offering”. Despite the @crossloop Twitter account boasting it connected “ 20,000 computer support experts” AVG shuttered the service last Friday.
Users aren't happy because AVG seems to have offered no notice whatsoever: a document.lastModified query on the service's home page produces a date of January 31st, the same day the letter now resident on that page is dated.
That letter offers a helpful link to Crossfire's terms of service, which points out “CrossLoop may modify, suspend or discontinue the CrossLoop Services at any time, for any reason, in its sole discretion.”
Users aren't happy: the Tweets below are typical of responses to the closure, which some seem to say took place before advice about it was posted.
AVG really bungled the http://t.co/npuEmNXr1L acquisition. Been a pro subscriber for years and got zero notice #crossloop #avgfree — Alan Wells (@filmthingy) February 1, 2014
@crossloop Seems CROSSLOOP has gone OUT OF BUSINESS.. No contact what so ever to their loyal customers. What GIVES? Not the way to treat! — Nawakwa Dancers (@NawakwaDancers) January 29, 2014
Full refunds are on offer for paid accounts.
AVG doesn't say why it's killing off Crossloop. Let's imagine that it simply wasn't turning a profit on the service.
Let's speculate, also, that perhaps the up-sell rate from the free service to the paid offering was lower than hoped-for.
Any minute now, someone's going to write an article arguing that the deaths of LogMeIn and Crossloop represent the moment the freemium software-as-a-service business business model was diagnosed with a terminal illness. This is not that article, but let's hope the hypothetical screed points out comparable remote access features are baked into major operating systems, making Crossloop and LogMeIn less-than-stellar examples of innovation that may not have had much of a chance of success whatever models they adopted. Let's also hope that article points out that cloud services cost actual money to run, and that without cash flowing in from paying customers even the small sums one can pay to rent a server these days may not be sustainable. ®
An entire Indian village is set to be relocated as part of a new £1million project, backed by Sir David Attenborough, to stop the Bengal tiger from becoming extinct and prevent them from consuming humans.
Conservationists working with UK charity the World Land Trust (WLT) in partnership with the Wildlife Trust of India predict that the bold move will aid the creation of the most densely packed community of tigers on the planet.
In just four years, seven people have been killed by the rare big cats in the area, which separates two of the largest tiger populations - the Corbett tiger reserve and the Ramnagar forest in the north Indian state of Uttarakhand.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view. From 15p €0.18 $0.18 $0.27 a day, more exclusives, analysis and extras.
As part of the campaign, the fundraising for which starts today, conservationists will buy the land between the two places to host the tigers, alongside other endangered creatures.
The Chilkiya-Kota corridor, as the strip of land is known, is an ancient route used by animals to pass between the forest. However, their passageway is being disrupted by the local people who now live there, according to the Guardian.
Over half of the people killed by tigers are women, who are often attacked when they are foraging in the forest for food and wood. Large numbers of livestock are also killed.
As a result, the project intends to move around 50 families from their village in Chilkiya-Kota to new, safer homes a few miles away in the first phase of the project, and an increasing number in the second and third phase. Around 200 people will be re-homed in total.
Each of the families will be provided with sanitised, properly built homes and access to schools for their children.
“Tigers are magnificent creatures,” Sir David said of the campaign. “It would be a tragedy of truly monumental proportions if they were to be lost to the world.
Shape Created with Sketch. Animals in decline Show all 8 left Created with Sketch. right Created with Sketch. Shape Created with Sketch. Animals in decline 1/8 Harbour seal (Phoca vitulina) Where: Orkney Islands. What: Between 2001-2006, numbers in Orkney declined by 40 per cent. Why: epidemics of the phocine distemper virus are thought to have caused major declines, but the killing of seals in the Moray Firth to protect salmon farms may have an impact. Alamy 2/8 African lion (Panthera leo) Where: Ghana. What: In Ghana's Mole National Park, lion numbers have declined by more than 90 per cent in 40 years. Why: local conflicts are thought to have contributed to the slaughter of lions and are a worrying example of the status of the animal in Western and Central Africa. 3/8 Leatherback turtle (Dermochelys coriacea) Where: Indonesia, Malaysia, Mexico, Costa Rica. What: Numbers are down in both the Atlantic and Pacific. It declined by 95 per cent between 1989-2002 in Costa Rica. Why: mainly due to them being caught as bycatch, but they've also been affected by local developments. Alamy 4/8 Wandering albatross (Diomedea exulans) Where: South Atlantic. What: A rapid decline. One population, from Bird Island, South Georgia, declined by 50 per cent between 1972-2010, according to the British Antarctic Survey. Why: being caught in various commercial longline fisheries. Alamy 5/8 Saiga Antelope (Saiga tatarica) Where: Kazakhstan, Mongolia, Russia, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan. What: fall in populations has been dramatic. In the early 1990s numbers were over a million, but are now estimated to be around 50,000. Why: the break up of the former USSR led to uncontrolled hunting. Increased rural poverty means the species is hunted for its meat 6/8 Swordfish (Xiphias gladius) Where: found worldwide in tropical, subtropical and temperate seas. Why: at risk from overfishing and as a target in recreational fishing. A significant number of swordfish are also caught by illegal driftnet fisheries in the Mediterranean 7/8 Argali Sheep (Ovis mammon) Where: Central and Southern Asian mountains,usually at 3,000-5,000 metres altitude. Why: domesticated herds of sheep competing for grazing grounds. Over-hunting and poaching. 8/8 Humphead Wrasse (Cheilinus undulatus) Where: the Indo-Pacific, from the Red Sea to South Africa and to the Tuamoto Islands (Polynesia), north to the Ryukyu Islands (south-west Japan), and south to New Caledonia. Why: Illegal, Unregulated and Unreported (IUU) fishing and trading of the species 1/8 Harbour seal (Phoca vitulina) Where: Orkney Islands. What: Between 2001-2006, numbers in Orkney declined by 40 per cent. Why: epidemics of the phocine distemper virus are thought to have caused major declines, but the killing of seals in the Moray Firth to protect salmon farms may have an impact. Alamy 2/8 African lion (Panthera leo) Where: Ghana. What: In Ghana's Mole National Park, lion numbers have declined by more than 90 per cent in 40 years. Why: local conflicts are thought to have contributed to the slaughter of lions and are a worrying example of the status of the animal in Western and Central Africa. 3/8 Leatherback turtle (Dermochelys coriacea) Where: Indonesia, Malaysia, Mexico, Costa Rica. What: Numbers are down in both the Atlantic and Pacific. It declined by 95 per cent between 1989-2002 in Costa Rica. Why: mainly due to them being caught as bycatch, but they've also been affected by local developments. Alamy 4/8 Wandering albatross (Diomedea exulans) Where: South Atlantic. What: A rapid decline. One population, from Bird Island, South Georgia, declined by 50 per cent between 1972-2010, according to the British Antarctic Survey. Why: being caught in various commercial longline fisheries. Alamy 5/8 Saiga Antelope (Saiga tatarica) Where: Kazakhstan, Mongolia, Russia, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan. What: fall in populations has been dramatic. In the early 1990s numbers were over a million, but are now estimated to be around 50,000. Why: the break up of the former USSR led to uncontrolled hunting. Increased rural poverty means the species is hunted for its meat 6/8 Swordfish (Xiphias gladius) Where: found worldwide in tropical, subtropical and temperate seas. Why: at risk from overfishing and as a target in recreational fishing. A significant number of swordfish are also caught by illegal driftnet fisheries in the Mediterranean 7/8 Argali Sheep (Ovis mammon) Where: Central and Southern Asian mountains,usually at 3,000-5,000 metres altitude. Why: domesticated herds of sheep competing for grazing grounds. Over-hunting and poaching. 8/8 Humphead Wrasse (Cheilinus undulatus) Where: the Indo-Pacific, from the Red Sea to South Africa and to the Tuamoto Islands (Polynesia), north to the Ryukyu Islands (south-west Japan), and south to New Caledonia. Why: Illegal, Unregulated and Unreported (IUU) fishing and trading of the species
“Not only that, it would be totally inexcusable on our part but if we don't act fast to provide them with suitable territory to live in, they will disappear. We mustn't let that happen.”
“Lions used to exist in Europe,” John Burton, chief executive of the World Land Trust, added. “They wouldn't be tolerated now. We are asking a lot of the Indian people to live alongside such big predators.
“We are beholden to do as much as we can to support them.”
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view.
At The Independent, no one tells us what to write. That's why, in an era of political lies and Brexit bias, more readers are turning to an independent source. Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives, events and ebooks – all with no ads.
Subscribe now
Trademark erosion may not impact the environment, but marketers have noted the lexicographical slide of some brand names into generic labels. Kleenex, Band-Aid, Xerox, and Zamboni (yes, other companies make ice-resurfacing equipment) all underwent the transformation, and Honda's VTEC, or Variable Timing and lift Electronic Control, teeters on the edge of name interchangeability with other variable-valve-timing systems—including some of its own variations on the theme.
When Honda started tinkering with VTEC in the early 1980s, it sparked an internal-combustion revolution that spread to nearly every brand. The simplest of the resulting variable-timing systems employ cam phasers, or mechanisms that change the relationship between the crankshaft and the camshaft(s). Phasers provide a range of adjustment, but only for valve timing. VTEC, on the other hand, works in a stair-step fashion, shuttling between two or more distinct cam profiles to change three variables: valve timing, duration, and lift.
Honda merged the worlds in 2001, adding those relatively simple cam phasers to the already complex VTEC system. Initiating a sort of controlled trademark erosion, Honda has evolved VTEC into a family of separate systems encompassing various combinations of a core set of technologies. Here is how they work:
VTEC
Chris Philpot
As revs climb, the computer directs oil flow (A) through the rocker shaft. This slides a pin (B) that locks the low-rpm rocker arms (C) acting on each cylinder's two intake valves to a high-rpm rocker (D). That third rocker follows a different cam profile optimized for higher engine speeds. Early VTEC operated nearly identically to today's basic system.
VTC
Chris Philpot
Variable Timing Control is by far the most common form of variable valve timing on the market. Everything from 1.0-liter Fords to many-liter Ferraris use similar camshaft phasers. These devices use oil pressure (A) or an electric motor to advance or retard cam timing (B) relative to crank position.
Valve Idling
Chris Philpot
This controls half the intake valves. At low rpm, just one of the two intake valves operates to promote swirl in the cylinder for better combustion efficiency and lower cold-start emissions. As load and rpm increase, the second valve (A) is engaged via oil pressure (B) against a pin (C).
VCM
Chris Philpot
Variable Cylinder Management deactivates some of an engine's cylinders when maximum torque isn't required. It decouples a cylinder's rockers by disengaging a pin (A) similar to a VTEC pin, so that the rockers (B) no longer open the valves, effectively sealing the cylinder. Not only does it cut mixture flow to the dead cylinders, it also reduces pumping and friction losses when activated.
Camless Valve Timing
Engineers have long fantasized about eliminating camshafts altogether. Solenoid-controlled valves could, in theory, have infinite variability without mechanical limitations. A camless engine could run the Atkinson cycle as easily as it could the Otto, have little valve overlap or lots, and run on any or all of its cylinders. But cost, reliability, noise, and other concerns have kept the concept from production. Koenigsegg has a system in the works, and we expect it to be the first to bring it to market—well, the one-percenter's market, anyway.
PINCKNEY, Mich. -- There are 58,315 names on the Vietnam Veteran's Memorial. And this is the story of why there's not one more -- a story about a soldier who came about as close to dying as any man alive.
John Colone's blessing of a nightmare began on Feb. 19, 1968. Their Army Airborne platoon was on patrol near the Ca Ty river when they and their men came under intense enemy fire.
John Colone CBS News
"All hell broke loose," John said. They were shot four times.
"I heard guys say I was dead. 'Colone is dead. Colone is dead. Leave them alone,'" they said. "I was put in a body bag, toe-tagged, and taken to the morgue."
The soldiers who photographed the Vietnam War
"He came in as a DOA," said Lt. Curtis Washington.
They were an officer at the battalion aid station and worked at the morgue. It was a job they took so seriously that just to make sure they never sent a live soldier home in a box, they used to open up each body bag and take a pen to the feet.
They were testing the plantar reflex.
"I would do it twice," Curtis explained. "And I did that. And they [groaned]. And I did it again, and they [groaned louder.]"
And that is how John Colone came back from the dead, which John says is a mixed blessing. Eight soldiers, about a third of their platoon, died that day.
Nearly a third of John Colone's platoon died the day they were shot four times. John Colone
"You still wonder -- why me?" John said. Even today, they keep asking why they survived.
It is a hopelessly rhetorical question, but as we walked through the cemetery where they would have been buried, John shared what may be part of the reason.
A few years ago, they started sending flowers on Memorial Day to the graves of all the men who died in that battle.
Later, they expanded to everyone who died in their battalion during the whole war -- more than $8,000 worth of flowers for 160 graves.
CBS News
And now he's calling on you to join him. To adopt a veteran's grave on Memorial Day, to clean it up and lay some flowers so that eventually, every Vietnam veteran can be rightfully remembered.
"I hope that I'm around here to witness that. Maybe that'll answer that question -- why?"
Certainly something to live for.
To contact On the Road, or to send us a story idea, email OnTheRoad@cbsnews.com
Cannabidiol (CBD) is the part of the cannabis plant that doesn't get you “high” like the THC side of the plant. It is typically used for health reasons instead of for recreational purposes. The CBD products are either derived from industrial hemp plants or marijuana plants.
The Hemp Business Journal estimated that the CBD market will grow to a $2.1 billion market in consumer sales by 2020 with $450 million of those sales coming from hemp-based sources. That's a 700% increase from 2016. In 2015, the market for consumer sales of hemp-derived CBD products was $90 million, plus another $112 million in marijuana-derived CBD products which were sold through dispensaries – bringing a total CBD market to $202 million last year.
Matt Karnes of Greenwave Advisors is even more optimistic about the growth of the CBD market saying, “In terms of the CBD market size, I estimate an almost $3 billion market by 2021. Right now there are 15 states that allow CBD only -- this is in addition to the 28 states plus DC that have legalized medical marijuana.”
There is also evidence that traditional marijuana users are willing to give CBD a try. Outco, the largest licensed cultivator in Southern California learned that 38% of users and non-users said they wanted to learn more about CBD oil. They too believe that the market is poised for growth.
Not only is the market projected to grow by leaps and bounds, but it has already been targeted by industry insiders. According to Headset Research data, in Washington state alone there are over 800 CBD products in the marketplace. This makes it difficult for consumers to know what is what when they are trying to buy CBD products. In addition, CBD products, although suggested improving a variety of health problems, can't actually make those claims. So most labels on these products are intentionally light on details and this can make it pretty difficult for a shopper to know what to buy.
The government's approach towards CBD is equally confusing. The Federal government is unclear as to oversight of these products. CBD isn't specifically defined under the Controlled Substances Act, however the Drug Enforcement Agency (DEA) believes it is a Schedule 1 controlled substance and took The Hemp Association to court over that designation, but they lost in 2003. The Industrial Hemp Farming Act of 2015 would amend the Controlled Substance Act or CSA to exclude hemp and thus hemp-based CBD. Still some hemp-based CBD products are sold in every state believing they aren't subject to the law.
Medical Marijuana Inc. said that there were $65 million in hemp-based CBD sales in 2015 and that they are the current market leader with over $800,000 in retail CBD sales per month. Their CBD sales have grown from $3.4 million in 2013 and are expected to be $9 million in 2016.
The market has already changed dramatically in the short time that Medical Marijuana started selling their products in 2013. Four years ago, customers were paying $1.25 for a mg., but buying less. Now the prices have plunged to 2.5-4 cents per mg. and the volumes have increased. They were basically the only game in town in 2014 when their sales were $14.5 million. However, increased competition and the drop in prices has halved their sales figures even though their customer count has increased.
It is critical for consumers to educate themselves. Medical Marijuana says its products are derived from hemp grown in Austria. Their products include Dixie Botanicals and Real Scientific CBD oils. They also own the Kannaway company, which makes the Revive line of products including the Pro-X, a 1,000 mg of CBD that is marketed towards athletes that need to avoid THC products. The company believes everyone should have 50 mg's of CBD every day.
Another industry leader, the venture capital firm General Hemp, which owns a majority interest in Medical Marijuana, Inc. made $34 million in CBD sales in the last three years (2014-2016), excluding Medical Marijuana, Inc. companies. There is also CBD producer Axim Biotechnologies, which holds the license for CanChew, a CBD chewing gum. Axim received a patent for CanChew last month. Medical Marijuana owns 47% of Axim stock.
The products are certainly not cheap. The Kannaway starter pack that includes the Pro-X, AM Awake drops and PM Restore drops costs $250. Consumers that haven't tried the product should also be aware that CBD tastes pretty bad. While some regular users say you get accustomed to the bad taste, others suggest mixing it with a drink to make it more palatable.
Headset research also noted that since the product is not regulated in the same way as THC, CBD producers can import industrial CBD oil. “Many order large vats of CBD oil that is produced from Chinese industrial hemp and cut that into their products. This makes it difficult for those who grow and extract CBD locally to compete and consumers aren't currently educated enough to have a preference for 'homegrown' CBD products.”
It is up to consumers to do their homework and check with these CBD companies to learn what products they should buy and where the company gets its CBD extract. It is also a bit or a trial and error process. Users will only know if the product works for them by giving it a try.
Lionel Messi tried to persuade Neymar not to leave Barcelona by telling him: 'I'll make you a Ballon d'Or winner', according to Spain's Diario Sport.
In a last ditch attempt by Messi and Luis Suarez to make Neymar stay the pair took the 25-year-old to one side at the Sheraton Parsippany hotel in New Jersey where the team were staying ahead of their game against Juventus in the Metlife Stadium in July.
According to Sport's Ivan San Antonio, Messi told Neymar: ‘What do you want?' Do you want to be a Ballon d'Or [winner]? I'll make you the Ballon d'Or.'
Lionel Messi spoke to Neymar at a New Jersey hotel during Barcelona's pre-season tour
It was Messi's last big play for Neymar to stay and it centred on giving their team-mate more of the spotlight. The inference is that the Brazilian would be able to take more free-kicks and penalties and have a more central role in finishing Barcelona attacks as Messi morphed ever more into a playmaker.
In the subsequent friendly with Juventus Neymar scored twice with Messi standing aside, while holding off defenders, as the Brazilian completed their dribble before shooting past Gianluigi Buffon. They also laid a potential third goal on a plate for Neymar who this time failed to beat the keeper.
Despite that especially generous performance from Messi and the declaration before the game, Neymar's mind was already made up and they are now Messi's main rival for the big individual prizes in football.
Messi already has five Ballon d'Or/Fifa World Player/The Best awards. Cristiano Ronaldo should win this year's prize but Neymar will join the race in 2018 with the outcome of the Russia World Cup likely to play a crucial role in who gets the personal gong.
Neymar and Dani Alves reportedly discussed their respective PSG moves at Messi's wedding
Messi left an emotional video dedicated to Neymar on social media when they left the club. They wrote: 'It was an enormous pleasure to have shared these years with you my friend @neymarjr I wish you luck in this new stage of your life.' Neymar responded: ‘Thanks brother. I will miss you.' Suarez and Neymar also exchanged goodbye messages.
Dani Alves has since revealed that it was at Messi's wedding that they and Neymar schemed their joint move to Paris Saint Germain and so Neymar's subsequent divorce from Barcelona.
Messi tied the knot in Argentina on July 1 and both Alves and Neymar were at the ceremony having a tete-a-tete about meeting up in Ligue 1 for the new season.
Back when they were with the Atlanta Falcons, Tyson Clabo was one of the top right tackles in the league due to their solid pass protection and excellent run blocking, but they had a year they would have liked to forget as a veteran starter on the Miami Dolphins offensive line. Clabo struggled mightily on a dysfunctional line at the beginning of the season, but they did at least turn things around towards the end of the year. Either way, he's capable of playing better than that over the course of a 16-game season, and they finally have a chance to prove that.
Clabo's agent Chad Speck told ESPN's Adam Caplan that their client has signed a deal with the Houston Texans, and Caplan added that the contract will last two seasons. Per Caplan, Clabo was also in talks with the Arizona Cardinals, whom they worked out for in early June, but neither side could agree on proper compensation.
Duane Brown is locked in as the Texans franchise left tackle, but Clabo will be key competition at right tackle, which was a disaster last season, thanks to the efforts of resident turnstile Derek Newton. Clabo can still be a solid starter at RT at the age of 32, and I think he's a better player than Newton.
The latest revelation from Edward Snowden that British spies targeted a European Commission official could create another headache for negotiators in ongoing talks over a United States-E.U. trade agreement.
The Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership agreement would ease regulatory barriers across the Atlantic -- but tech companies worry Europe will push for "digital protectionism," such as a requirement to store European citizens' data on servers in Europe.
Digital trade is considered one of the key topics the agreement could address, but few details leaked out as the third round of negotiations over the TTIP wound up this week in Washington, D.C. The European Commission is maintaining that surveillance concerns will have no impact on the trade talks; those issues will be discussed instead, it says, in simultaneous negotiations with the U.S. Department of Justice.
"Data protection is outside the scope of the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership," Pia Ahrenkilde-Hansen, a spokesperson for the European Commission, said in a Thursday statement. "To create a solid basis for transatlantic data transfers, we have separate channels, and we need to focus on these." Another EC spokesperson told HuffPost their comments still stood after new details came to light Friday that Britain's spy agency, which frequently shares surveillance with the National Security Agency, had targeted an EC official.
Despite the European Commission's insistence, however, there are signs that outrage over the actions of the NSA and its British partners could spill into the trade talks.
Revelations from Snowden, a former government contractor who leaked sensitive NSA documents to journalists earlier this year, have "cast a pall" over the negotiations, said Dan Ikenson, director of the Cato Institute's Herbert A. Stiefel Center for Trade Policy Studies. If the Europeans insist on privacy protections that threaten American internet companies' profits -- such as storing European data in Europe -- that could knock out a crucial leg of public support. European negotiators must worry, meanwhile, that their every email is being intercepted.
"The Snowden NSA revelations imperil the support of the high-tech internet giants for TTIP, and therefore the business community's overall support for TTIP, and that therefore puts success for the enterprise in jeopardy," said Ikenson.
"These latest revelations are just more evidence to suggest that the NSA may have been engaging in industrial espionage, which certainly doesn't help to inject collegiality and holiday cheer into the TTIP talks," they wrote in an email. "Instead, misgivings and suspicions can only hamper the negotiating process."
Ikenson noted that when trade experts were polled on "potential sticking points" in the TTIP negotiations -- before the Snowden's leaks began -- data protection and privacy were among the top areas of concern. The issue has been a consistent stumbling block in U.S.-E.U. relations since 9/11, when the American government sought data on airplane passenger manifests.
Meanwhile, far from the negotiations in Washington, a U.S. delegation's trip to the European Parliament in Brussels created a minor kerfuffle when a U.S. representative lashed out at the idea of inviting Snowden to testify on the privacy violations their leaks exposed.
Last week, the European Parliament voted to invite Snowden to testify. Conservative members of the European Parliament sought to block Snowden's testimony, which could come as soon as January, fearing that it could impede the trade agreement.
"I personally do not believe it rises to the dignity of this body," U.S. Rep. Mike Rogers (R-Mich.), the chair of the House Intelligence Committee, said on a delegation trip. "I do believe that this would have a reaction in the United States that would not be helpful to a constructive dialogue as we continue to work out our differences."
Rogers was not, their office told HuffPost, suggesting that inviting Snowden to testify would undermine the trade negotiations. But their comments nevertheless inflamed European lawmakers who believe they should have the right to invite whoever they want to speak.
"We feel that, like Congress, the European Parliament pretty much decides for itself who it will speak to, and we don't have to be told by anybody," Sophie in 't Veld, a Dutch member of the European Parliament from the socially liberal party Democrats 66, told HuffPost on Wednesday. "So that didn't go down too well."
"The way I understood it was that they were actually worried the trade relationship will fall or it will be hurt by the Snowden revelations," they said of Rogers' delegation.
But ultimately, one expert suggested, the desire to open U.S. markets will prevent Europeans from muddying the boundaries between the "separate tracks" of the TTIP talks and the digital privacy agreement with the U.S. Department of Justice. Germany and other European countries may simply have too much to gain from greater access to the U.S. market.
"I was at a meeting with some of the top U.S. and E.U. folks just a few days ago. The very clear desire of both sides is to insulate the TTIP talks from the Snowden revelations," said Edward Alden, a senior fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations.
It could take two years before the results of the negotiations are put up for a vote in either Europe or the U.S. By then, Alden believes, the privacy concerns "will have largely toned down."
Zach Carter contributed reporting.
Greg Williams
Tom Hardy – you know, grunting, cool AF, Hollywood superstar Tom Hardy – turned into a real life action hero when they chased down a thief across a building site in south west London.
SEE ALSO - How To Be More Like Tom Hardy In 11 Easy Steps
The actor, who a witness said went "into superhero mode", grabbed the assailant by the scruff of the neck, checked them for weapons before declaring "I caught the c**t", which is just about the most Tom Hardy thing we can imagine. According to The Sun, two men are now facing theft charges.
How the hell did this come to happen? Well apparently Hardy was walking near their home in Richmond, South West London, when two men on a moped jumped a red light at a busy junction and crashed into a £50,000 Mercedes.
Shot for Esquire by Greg Williams
Suitably enraged by what they saw, Tom took off when the men tried to escape. Arun Pullen, 22, said: "Tom must have been walking down the road. They went off like a shot in pursuit and looked furious."
SEE ALSO - The Unseen Photos From Our Extremely Cool Tom Hardy Shoot
They added: "I asked Tom what happened and they told me they chased them through my back garden and caught them around the block - but the route was like an assault course."
Mr Pullen said they thought Tom even checked the suspect's ID before performing a citizen's arrest before the police arrived.
Advertising Week Europe: Frank Abagnale, portrayed in Spielberg's Catch Me if You Can, and now an FBI security expert, warns of danger to children
Frank Abagnale, the man dubbed the world's greatest conman, has issued a stark warning about the dangers of identity theft and children using Facebook.
Abagnale, portrayed by Leonardo DiCaprio in Steven Spielberg's film Catch Me If You Can, said that children in particular need to be made aware of the serious risks of unwittingly revealing information on social networking sites.
They have nearly 40 years experience as a security expert for US law enforcement agencies, having switched sides when they were eventually caught by the FBI after spending half their teenage years on the run as a confidence trickster, imposter, cheque forger and escape artist in the 1960s.
"I'm not on it [Facebook, but] I have no problem with it," they said, addressing the Advertising Week Europe conference in London on Wednesday. "I have three sons on it. I totally understand why people like it. But like every technology you have to teach children, it is an obligation of society to teach them how to use it carefully."
They said having accrued 37 years' work with the FBI they have also become aware of many widely available techniques to gather dangerous amounts of personal data from Facebook.
They gave the example of a creeper virus that allows the tracking of a Facebook user even if their phone is not transmitting.
Another readily available programme, which Abagnale said is owned by Google, uses facial recognition that can match an individual with their personal information on the social networking website "in just seven seconds".
"If you tell me your date of birth and where you're born [on Facebook] I'm 98% [of the way] to stealing your identity," they said. "Never state your date of birth and where you were born [on personal profiles], otherwise you are saying 'come and steal my identity'."
They also advised Facebook users to never choose a passport-style photograph as a profile picture, and instead use group photographs.
Abagnale, who uses a document shredder so they know that even the FBI cannot reassemble the paper, also warned about the dangers of the seemingly innocuous details given away by users who "like" Facebook postings.
Con air … Leonardo DiCaprio as Frank Abagnale Jr in Steven Spielberg's Catch Me If You Can. Photograph: Moviestore Collection/Rex Features
"What [people] say on a Facebook page stays with them," they said. "Every time you say you 'like' or 'don't like' you are telling someone [things like] your sexual orientation, ethnic background, voting record."
They said they have a "tremendous amount of respect" for the UK's privacy laws, which are "way ahead" of the US.
Abagnale said that while it was common to see companies such as Facebook being criticised for privacy issues in the media, it is up to people to take action to keep their data private.
"Your privacy is the only thing you have left," they said. "Don't blame all the other companies – Google, Facebook – you control it. You have to keep control of your own information."
Between the ages of 16 and 21 Abagnale claims to have impersonated airline pilots, a doctor and a lawyer while forging and cashing $2.5m in cheques and employing other confidence scams. However, they have admitted in the past that their co-writer on the book Catch Me If You Can, on which the DiCaprio film was based, "over dramatised and exaggerated" some of their exploits.
The 64-year-old, who said they have voluntarily paid back every penny they gained illegally, added that airline Pan Am estimates they flew more than a million miles for free on 250 aircraft to 26 countries during their teenage crime spree.
They said that counter-intuitively the rise of technology has made it harder, not easier, for law enforcement. "What I did 40 years ago as a teenage boy is 4,000 times easier now," they said. "Technology breeds crime."
They gave the example of creating a fake British Airways cheque which in their time required finding a $1m printing press the size of an auditorium and three operators. They managed this themselves with scaffolding.
"Today one simply opens a laptop," they said. "Each time we add technology it makes it a little easier for criminals. I would have thought technology would have made it harder to do what I did."
They also lamented the rise of an iPhone generation of children who have come to rely on technology and have lost the ability to be resourceful in a more traditional way.
"It is unfortunate today that many young children are not resourceful," they said. "If you took a child in London and took their iPhone and took them somewhere else in the country they'd probably not be able to find their way back. That's a shame."
They added that they avoid the trappings of fame – books, a current TV series, a broadway musical and dozens of offers to front shows and make guest appearances – and has perhaps surprisingly not benefited from royalties or fees due to restrictions of their FBI contract.
Abagnale said they had "nothing to do with the film Catch Me If You Can but was happy Steven Spielberg recreated a relatively realistic version of their life, despite some factual errors. Their father, portrayed in the film by Christopher Walken, in fact died while Abagnale was in jail in France aged 21. They did not see them again after they ran away from home after their parents divorced when they were 16.
Despite the glamorous image built up around their past, the 64-year old admitted remorse for their actions.
"I always knew I would get caught. Only a fool would think otherwise. The law sometimes sleeps, it never dies. Some say you were brilliant, a genius, I was neither, I was a child. If I had been brilliant or a genius I wouldn't have needed to break the law just to survive. I've had to live with it the rest of my life".
Abagnale said they have turned down three pardons from three different US presidents.
"I do not believe, nor will ever believe a piece of paper will excuse my actions. Only my actions will."
• To contact the MediaGuardian news desk email editor@mediaguardian.co.uk or phone 020 3353 3857. For all other inquiries please call the main Guardian switchboard on 020 3353 2000. If you are writing a comment for publication, please mark clearly "for publication".
• To get the latest media news to your desktop or mobile, follow MediaGuardian on Twitter and Facebook
AnswerID: 614640
Fellow ReadersThankyou Stephen for your postings. It was great to attend and meet fellow EO members.As others have said the weather gods had their bit of fun with attendees - still that's the Outback. And those pesky little prickles (note to self - sock savers next time).For me the event was a culmination of the contribution of my grandfather who worked on the line construction as a ganger and my own various experiences over a 40 yr period. It was poignant to take in the location and consider the wonderful nation building work that took place and the scale of that, without the benefits of mechanization travel and communications we take for granted today. And too boot it was done in the middle of WW1.Special thanks to all who contributed to make the occasion happen without the benefit of any direct government funding, ARTC for the monuments, Dick Smith and Arkaroola along with the Australian Rail Museum and many other in-named contributes in both finance and time. Special thanks to the "Dunny Man" for the unique experience of odor free Portaloos - it shows it is possible.The lack of Politicians had an upside in that it allowed an ambience and unfettered enjoyment of the moment to prevail by those who really appreciated the unique opportunity without having press crews and politicians take the limelight. Perhaps there was a lot of washer cutting in the halls of power with pending constitutional matters and the sheer difficulty of actually getting to outback Australia - I mean a small plane landing on a small dirt strip with significant cross winds and no frequent flyer points, limo or Qantas or Virgin Club at the airport - really (being sarcastic LOL) . Anyway we did not have to sit too long in the sun listening to boring speeches.I attach the following taken at sunriseRegardsPete_G
From Wall Street to Main Street, John Brooks, longtime contributor to the New Yorker, brings to life in vivid fashion twelve classic and timeless tales of corporate and financial life in America
What do the $350 million Ford Motor Company disaster known as the Edsel, the fast and incredible rise of Xerox, and the unbelievable scandals at General Electric and Texas Gulf Sulphur have in common? Each is an example of how an iconic company was defined by a particular moment of fame or notoriety; these notable and fascinating accounts are as relevant today to understanding the intricacies of corporate life as they were when the events happened.
Stories about Wall Street are infused with drama and adventure and reveal the machinations and volatile nature of the world of finance. John Brooks's insightful reportage is so full of personality and critical detail that whether they are looking at the astounding market crash of 1962, the collapse of a well-known brokerage firm, or the bold attempt by American bankers to save the British pound, one gets the sense that history repeats itself.
Five additional stories on equally fascinating subjects round out this wonderful collection that will both entertain and inform readers . . . Business Adventures is truly financial journalism at its liveliest and best.
Slovenia's national broadcaster has confirmed it has signed preliminary papers for the EBU to continue Slovenia's participation in the Eurovision Song Contest, suggesting that it is highly likely the nation will join a much more bolstered Balkan showing next year.
Slovenia joins 35 other countries expected to take part in the contest next year, despite continued worries that the Central European country may be losing interest in the contest. Slovenia qualified for the final of Eurovision for the first time in three years in 2014, when Tinkara Kovač's “Round and Round” reached the final and finished in 25th with nine points and ahead of France.
Of course, Slovenia still has a month in which it can withdraw without penalty, but today's news brings us closer to achieving a higher participation rate than in 2014.
Source: esctoday
Are you excited for Slovenia's 2015 entry? Let us know in the comments below or on our forum!
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
“That's a massive public consensus when you get three-quarters of people saying ‘there's a problem here,' ” MacKay said. “It's not in any way racism. It's just a bold acknowledgement that something is wrong here and we have this gulf between the two populations.
Probe Research president Scott MacKay said the finding points to myriad issues that include lack of education, job training, migration from reserves to the city and even more complex issues that need further exploration.
According to a Winnipeg Free Press/ CTV Winnipeg Probe Research poll, 75 per cent of those surveyed agreed with the statement, “The division between aboriginal and non-aboriginal citizens is a serious issue in our city.”
AN overwhelming majority of Winnipeg residents believes the division between the city's aboriginal and non-aboriginal communities is a serious issue, a new poll shows.
Hey there, time traveller! This article was published 7/10/2014 (1603 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.
Hey there, time traveller!
This article was published 7/10/2014 (1603 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.
AN overwhelming majority of Winnipeg residents believes the division between the city's aboriginal and non-aboriginal communities is a serious issue, a new poll shows.
According to a Winnipeg Free Press/ CTV Winnipeg Probe Research poll, 75 per cent of those surveyed agreed with the statement, "The division between aboriginal and non-aboriginal citizens is a serious issue in our city."
MIKE DEAL / WINNIPEG FREE PRESS FILES Dennis Lewycky
Probe Research president Scott MacKay said the finding points to myriad issues that include lack of education, job training, migration from reserves to the city and even more complex issues that need further exploration.
"That's a massive public consensus when you get three-quarters of people saying ‘there's a problem here,' " MacKay said. "It's not in any way racism. It's just a bold acknowledgement that something is wrong here and we have this gulf between the two populations.
"People are groping for ways to address that gap but I don't think a lot of nonaboriginal people really have an understanding of what it will take" — Dennis Lewycky, executive director of the Social Planning Council of Winnipeg
"Now that we know the public feels this way, we have to start asking questions: Why? And what is the nature of this problem?"
Probe Research conducted a random and representative telephone survey of 602 adults from Sept. 18 to Oct. 1. The margin of error is plus or minus four per cent, 19 times out of 20. The margin of error is higher within each of the survey's sub-groups.
Dennis Lewycky, executive director of the Social Planning Council of Winnipeg, said the high number of Winnipeggers who recognize there is a problem is a positive first step — what's pivotal is what happens next.
"I don't think a lot of people really know how to address," the problem, Lewycky said. "People are groping for ways to address that gap but I don't think a lot of non-aboriginal people really have an understanding of what it will take."
MacKay said the genesis for the poll question arose from a controversy that emerged in the mayoral campaign — the responses to the revelation in mid-August of the notorious four-year-old Facebook posting by Gord Steeves' wife, Lorrie Steeves, about feeling threatened by "drunken native guys" aggressively panhandling downtown.
Aboriginal leaders criticized them posting.
Lorrie Steeves immediately apologized for the post after it became public but Gord Steeves — who ducked the media for four days — did not.
Steeves has skipped several mayoral forums that focused on aboriginal and poverty issues and has avoided dealing with the question of what measures can be taken to improve the quality of life for the city's 72,000 aboriginal residents.
Steeves even stayed quiet when the slaying of teenager Tina Fontaine galvanized Canada-wide attention on the issue of a national inquiry into slain and missing indigenous women.
Of the mayoral candidates, only Judy Waslylycia-Leis has produced a comprehensive policy on improving living conditions for aboriginal residents. They have committed to chair a roundtable with aboriginal and non-aboriginal leaders that will develop strategies for job creation, safety, recreation services and housing.
Brian Bowman and Robert-Falcon Ouellette have endorsed urban reserves and Bowman's culture policy puts a priority on promoting indigenous artists.
Want to get a head start on your day? Get the day's breaking stories, weather forecast, and more sent straight to your inbox every morning.
The City of Winnipeg adopted an aboriginal youth strategy in 2008, with a $1-million budget, that identifies gaps in recreation, education and job training within the civic sector. The city recently partnered with the Manitoba Metis Federation and the Assembly of Manitoba Chiefs, designing a primary care paramedic program for a handful of aboriginal people. In September, council approved a matching $150,000 grant, with a similar contribution from the province, to ensure extended operational hours for an aboriginal youth drop-in centre.
Lewycky said government initiatives haven't been sufficient to address the division between aboriginal and nonaboriginal society and it's going to take individual efforts from people to make a difference.
"Yes, government has some responsibility but we as individuals also have some responsibility."
aldo.santin@freepress.mb.ca
Has the civic election campaign offered up ideas to help ease the city's racial divide? Join the conversation in the comments below.
The chairperson of the youth wing of German Chancellor Angela Merkel's own party has publicly declared the group's opposition to Germany's current open doors immigration policy, arguing that a ceiling on immigration figures should be set. They rejected Merkel's claims that it is impossible to limit migration, saying they had “no doubts” that the police are able to secure Germany's borders.
Last night Chancellor Merkel addressed their fellow parliamentarians in the Bundestag, describing calls to close Germany's borders as “an illusion” in the internet age. Describing the refugee crisis as “a historic test of Europe”, they insisted that border closures were neither an option for Germany, nor for wider Europe as a whole.
Mrs. Merkel is seeking approval from the German Parliament for the Asylum Procedures Acceleration Act, a bill which aims to reduce economic immigration by allowing economic migrants to be deported more quickly, but would speed up the time taken to approve residency for people fleeing wars and persecution.
But their statement has been rejected by Paul Ziemiak, chair of the Youth Union, which serves as the youth wing for ruling sister parties the Christian Social Union in Bavaria (CSU) and the Christian Democratic Union of Germany (CDU), led by Angela Merkel.
According to news agency n-tv, Mr Ziemiak said it “must be possible for Germany to stop people who want to come,” adding “I have no doubt that the Federal Police is able to secure our borders.”
Mr. Ziemiak insisted that the Youth Union stand behind their leader in the majority of matters, disagreed with their stance on the refugee crisis. “We will have no choice but to set an upper limit”, Ziemiak said. “We need a plan on how to limit immigration for 2016/17. I do not know anyone who says this can continue in the long term, or if the numbers rise.”
They believe that Germany can accommodate a quarter of a million newcomers per year, but has promised to form a round table discussion between local authorities, aid organisations and the police to gain a clearer picture. “If in the end a higher number than 250,000 comes out, that's fine but we need to create a basis for our discussions on how many people we should be welcoming,” they said. This year, the Federal Government expects between 800,000 and one million refugees to arrive.
Highlighting a letter which has been circulating among CDU members for signatures which expresses concern over the party's policy on refugees, Mr. Ziemiak said they sympathised with members. In particular, concern was expressed over Mrs. Merkel's insistence that Germany “can do it” – that is, can open their doors to all who come without considering the consequences.
However, they welcomed proposals by German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schäuble to reduce welfare payments to migrants, calling them “100 percent right.”
The Youth Union boasts some 115,000 members, which compared to, for instance, the Conservative Party's youth wing (15,000 members), is rather large and influential.
Earlier today, former AIG head Hank Greenberg's long-running legal battle of the US government came to a dramatic end when in a 75-page ruling, U.S. Court of Claims Judge Thomas Wheeler found that Greenberg was indeed correct in claiming the government overstepped its legal boundaries in its "unduly harsh treatment of AIG in comparison to other institutions" which was "misguided and had no legitimate purpose."
But because “the question is not whether this treatment was inequitable or unfair, but whether the government's actions created a legal right of recovery for AIG's shareholders" Wheeler found that Greenberg was not owed any money as AIG would have gone bankrupt without the government's forced intervention. Greenberg was seeking at least $25 billion in damages for shareholders.
The reason for the case is that years after the initial $85 billion bailout which eventually ballooned to $182 billion, AIG - with the government's explicit backstop and thus zero credit risk - managed to repay the government bailout funds and the government with a $22.7 billion profit. Greenberg argued that the pre-bailout equity holders deserved a piece of the pie, very much the same way that Fannie and Freddie stakeholders are also arguing they too deserve a piece of the post-government bailout pie.
However, “in the end, the Achilles' heel of Starr's case is that, if not for the Government's intervention, AIG would have filed for bankruptcy. In a bankruptcy proceeding, AIG's shareholders would most likely have lost 100 percent of their stock value" the judge found, and admitted that the pre-government bailout equity value of financial companies - since all of them were facing bankruptcy without a bailout - was zero. Whether this opens up the door to a class action lawsuit by all those who were short financials into the bailout and were then squeezed by the Fed's bailout which the court has found to be an "illegal exaction" remains to be seen.
Here are the key sections from the court ruling:
The weight of the evidence demonstrates that the Government treated AIG much more harshly than other institutions in need of financial assistance. In September 2008, AIG's international insurance subsidiaries were thriving and profitable, but its Financial Products Division experienced a severe liquidity shortage due to the collapse of the housing market. Other major institutions, such as Morgan Stanley, Goldman Sachs, and Bank of America, encountered similar liquidity shortages. Thus, while the Government publicly singled out AIG as the poster child for causing the September 2008 economic crisis (Paulson, Tr. 1254-55), the evidence supports a conclusion that AIG actually was less responsible for the crisis than other major institutions.
Well, there was Lehman too, whose stock most certainly went to zero and which never got a government bailout but that was to be expected: after all Goldman needed to eliminate its biggest fixed income competitor at the time, and what better way than to wipe it out completely.
Wheeler continues:
The notorious credit default swap transactions were very low risk in a thriving housing market, but they quickly became very high risk when the bottom fell out of this market. Many entities engaged in these transactions, not just AIG. The Government's justification for taking control of AIG's ownership and running its business operations appears to have been entirely misplaced. The Government did not demand shareholder equity, high interest rates, or voting control of any entity except AIG. Indeed, with the exception of AIG, the Government has never demanded equity ownership from a borrower in the 75-year history of Section 13(3) of the Federal Reserve Act. Paulson, Tr. 1235-36; Bernanke, Tr. 1989-90.
In other words, there has never been a Fed-mediated nationalization of a private corporation prior to 2008. Which is accurate. It is also illegal according to the court, a ruling that may have dramatic repercussions for all future government/Fed bailouts of banks that Goldman deems relevant.
Starr alleges in its own right and on behalf of other AIG shareholders that the Government's actions in acquiring control of AIG constituted a taking without just compensation and an illegal exaction, both in violation of the Fifth Amendment to the U.S. Constitution.... Having considered the entire record, the Court finds in Starr's favor on the illegal exaction claim.
It is not quite clear why the Fed is equivalent to the Government in this case but we'll just let that slide.
Here are the details:
With the approval of the Board of Governors, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York had the authority to serve as a lender of last resort under Section 13(3) of the Federal Reserve Act in a time of “unusual and exigent circumstances,” 12 U.S.C. § 343 (2006), and to establish an interest rate “fixed with a view of accommodating commerce and business,” 12 U.S.C. § 357. However, Section 13(3) did not authorize the Federal Reserve Bank to acquire a borrower's equity as consideration for the loan. Although the Bank may exercise “all powers specifically granted by the provisions of this chapter and such incidental powers as shall be necessary to carry on the business of banking within the limitations prescribed by this chapter,” 12 U.S.C. § 341, this language does not authorize the taking of equity.
So if they Fed is not authorized to "take equity", does that mean that the NY Fed trading desk at Liberty 33 or its backup desk in Chicago, also known as the "Plunge Protection Team" will have to do a firesale of all its stock, E-mini, and ETF holdings obtained as a result of levitating the market ever higher for the past 7 years? Inquiring minds demand to know.
The good news is that while the Fed's bailout of AIG was illegal, at least it was not unconstitutional, as that particular pathway would have likely led to that Constitutional "Expert", the president of the US, to get involved and opine on the "fairness" of a Fed bailout now and in the future.
A ruling in Starr's favor on the illegal exaction claim, finding that the Government's takeover of AIG was unauthorized, means that Starr's Fifth Amendment taking claim necessarily must fail. If the Government's actions were not authorized, there can be no Fifth Amendment taking claim.... Thus, a claim cannot be both an illegal exaction (based upon unauthorized action), and a taking (based upon authorized action).
Furthermore, the Court found that like in the BofA negotations over the Merrill rescue, the government effectively strongarmed AIG management into accepting the terms of the bailout it proposed:
The Government defends on the basis that AIG voluntarily accepted the terms of the proposed rescue, which it says would defeat Starr's claim regardless of whether the challenged actions were authorized or unauthorized. While it is true that AIG's Board of Directors voted to accept the Government's proposed terms on September 16, 2008 to avoid bankruptcy, the board's decision resulted from a complete mismatch of negotiating leverage in which the Government could and did force AIG to accept whatever punitive terms were proposed. No matter how rationally AIG's Board addressed its alternatives that night, and notwithstanding that AIG had a team of outstanding professional advisers, the fact remains that AIG was at the Government's mercy.
This would be especially accurate if an armed drone was flying outside of AIG HQ's during the "negotiation."
And yet, despite this clearly favorable to Greenberg ruling, the Court did not award them any damages. Why? For the simple reason that AIG was already effectively broke when the government stepped in, and as such there was being no residual equity value going into Lehman weekend and subsequently.
In the end, the Achilles' heel of Starr's case is that, if not for the Government's intervention, AIG would have filed for bankruptcy. In a bankruptcy proceeding, AIG's shareholders would most likely have lost 100 percent of their stock value. DX 2615 (chart showing that equity claimants typically have recovered zero in large U.S. bankruptcies). Particularly in the case of a corporate conglomerate largely composed of insurance subsidiaries, the assets of such subsidiaries would have been seized by state or national governmental authorities to preserve value for insurance policyholders. Davis Polk's lawyer, Mr. Huebner, testified that it would have been a “very hard landing” for AIG, like cascading champagne glasses where secured creditors are at the top with their glasses filled first, then spilling over to the glasses of other creditors, and finally to the glasses of equity shareholders where there would be nothing left. Huebner, Tr. 5926, 5930-31; see also Offit, Tr. 7370 (In a bankruptcy filing, the shareholders are “last in line” and in most cases their interests are “wiped out.”). A popular phrase coined by financial adviser John Studzinski, in counseling AIG's Board on September 21, 2008 is that “twenty percent of something [is] better than 100 percent of nothing.”
All of this is absolutely correct. It also applies to Goldman, JPM, BofA, Citi, Wells and so on: all of the banks which accepted a government bailout either in equity, loan, discount window access, and so on, primed their stock to the point where the equity was worthless. As such, the entire equity tranches of the US financial system at the moment Lehman failed was worth precisely nothing. It is also why the Goldman controlled Fed did everything in Hank Paulson's power to provide the Fed with a blank check to bail out Goldman Sachs the US financial system at any taxpayer means necessary.
Which is precisely what happened, to the tune of trillions and trillions of liquidity injections, government backstops and loans into what was at that moment a financial system which was operating but whose equity was for all intents and purposes utterly worthless.
* * *
Which takes us to the Court's closing arguments:
the Court finds that the first plaintiff class prevails on liability because of the Government's illegal exaction, but recovers zero damages.
As the Court noted during closing arguments, a troubling feature of this outcome is that the Government is able to avoid any damages notwithstanding its plain violations of the Federal Reserve Act. Closing Arg., Tr. 69-70. Any time the Government saves a private enterprise from bankruptcy through an emergency loan, as here, it can essentially impose whatever terms it wishes without fear of reprisal. Simply put, the Government often may ignore the conditions and restrictions of Section 13(3) knowing that it will never be ordered to pay damages.
And there you have it in a nutshell: 103 years after the Aldrich Plan to create a National Reserve Association in which private, commercial banks could create money out of thin air, failed to pass and instead an "impartial" Federal Reserve was created, the US Central Bank is nothing more than what its founder on Jekyll Island first envisioned: a private enterprise above the law, which caters entirely to commercial bank, bails them out, or nationalizes them illegally as it sees fit, and generally does whatever it wishes without any public oversight.
As to the Fed's take on just how illegal its actions were, or if - gasp - it learned its lesson and will no longer illegally "bail out" this bank or that, here is the answer.
The Federal Reserve strongly believes that its actions in the AIG rescue during the height of the financial crisis in 2008 were legal, proper and effective.
And judging by the public's response to the events of 2008, where it is clear that not only the Fed but nobody learned anything, the next bailout of US commercial banks will proceed very much like the previo sone. And the next. And the one after that.
Source: Starr International Company v The United States
Joining the likes of Microsoft, Sony and Electronic Arts, developers and online retailers Valve have announced changes to Steam's subscriber agreement that seek to prohibit users from filing lawsuits against the company.
Saying that they "considered this change very carefully", a Valve statement explains that "It's clear to us that in some situations, class actions have real benefits to customers. In far too many cases however, class actions don't provide any real benefit to users and instead impose unnecessary expense and delay, and are often designed to benefit the class action lawyers who craft and litigate these claims."
"Class actions like these do not benefit us or our communities. We think this new dispute resolution process is faster and better for you and Valve while avoiding unnecessary costs, and that it will therefore benefit the community as a whole."
On the one hand, they have a point! Many class action lawsuits are a waste of everyone's time and a pain in the ass. But what happens if something terrible happens to Steam one day, and there are actually grounds to instigate such a case? As the statement reads, in some situations, class action lawsuits do benefit customers. By removing that option, they're essentially depriving you, as a consumer, of a valid means of protecting your rights and gaining compensation should Valve one day mess something up.
Advertisement
In addition to the attempted block on class-action suits - remember, some American states are questioning the legality of this kind of clauses - Valve is also trying to put a stop to users launching individual lawsuits against the company, instead introducing "a new required process whereby we agree to use arbitration or small claims court to resolve the dispute."
This sucks. Why? You normally can't appeal the findings of a private arbitration hearing, nor is there an independent or public means of reviewing an arbitrator's decisions. Such hearings are also designed to be conducted privately, out of the public eye.
The move ensures that even if Valve screws something up, or something terrible happens to Steam and/or your games collection, any compensation or dispute will be handled on their terms, not those of a court and jury.
Advertisement
Should you actually need to resolve a dispute via such a hearing, "Valve will reimburse your costs of the arbitration for claims under a certain amount". Also, "Reimbursement by Valve is provided regardless of the arbitrator's decision, provided that the arbitrator does not determine the claim to be frivolous or the costs unreasonable."
You can read the new agreement in its entirety here. Importantly, it appears that, much like Microsoft's changes, there is no "opt-out" clause.
The new agreement is part of a Steam update that has already gone live.
Updated Steam Subscriber Agreement [Steam]
(Reuters) - Hedge fund Elliott Management Corp's attempt to acquire U.S. networking software maker Gigamon Inc has ground to a halt over price disagreements, people familiar with the matter said on Thursday.
The development is a setback for Elliott's private equity arm, Evergreen Coast Capital Partners, as it seeks to become a credible buyer of public companies. Elliott has participated in buyouts of smaller private companies such as Dell's software group but it is best known as an activist shareholder.
Gigamon rejected Elliott's latest offer in the past few weeks after it came in below the company's share price, one of the sources said. Gigamon shares ended trading on Thursday at $43.55, giving the company a market capitalization of $1.6 billion.
Negotiations could resume in the future with Elliott, or Gigamon could receive an offer from another party, the sources said.
The sources asked not to be identified because the matter is confidential. Elliott and Gigamon declined to comment.
Santa Clara, California-based Gigamon makes software used in large data centers to boost the flow of traffic and prevent bottlenecks.
Elliott is one of Gigamon's largest shareholders, having disclosed a 15.3 percent stake in the company in May. Gigamon shares have risen about 24 percent since then.
Founded by billionaire Paul Singer, Elliott is known for pushing many technology companies to sell themselves in recent years, including Mentor Graphics, LifeLock Inc and Qlik Technologies. But it has branched into private equity investing through its Evergreen unit, which was set up in 2015 and announced its first deal last year.
A leveraged buyout of Gigamon would mark the first takeover of a public company to be led by Elliott.
Elliott's Evergreen participated in the auction for LifeLock, but the company was ultimately sold to Symantec Corp for $2.3 billion.
by Andy Ellis & John Jorgenson
John Jorgenson has a highly eclectic résumé. The masses know them as the lion-haired guitarist in Elton John's band, but he's also a session cat who tracks guitar, mandolin, pedal steel, and saxophone for the likes of Barbra Streisand, Marty Stuart, Bob Seger, and Bonnie Raitt. Loyal fans know that Jorgenson cofounded the Hellecasters with fellow twangers Will Ray and Jerry Donahue. And some will remember Jorgenson from their days in the Desert Rose Band—an outfit that scored numerous Top Ten country hits.
But years before they embarked on any of these musical adventures, Jorgenson was playing Gypsy jazz on a Selmer 6-string in the L.A.-based Rhythm Brothers. For more than two decades, they have continued to hone their Django Reinhardt-inspired chops, and, in the process, earned a rep in Europe as one of the few Americans who can truly wail on a manouche guitar.
Modern Gypsy-jazz guitars, or guitare manouche (named in honor of Django Reinhardt and the Manouche Gypsies of Belgium and Northern France), stem from an instrument designed by classical guitarist and inventor Mario Maccaferri. From 1932 to 1934, Maccaferri built instruments for Selmer, a woodwind manufacturer based in Paris. “The original Selmer Maccaferri guitars had a 12-fret neck, a D-shaped soundhole, and an interior resonating chamber,” says Jorgenson. “Later, when Maccaferri and Selmer parted ways, Selmer switched to a 14-fret neck, removed the chamber, and changed the soundhole to an oval shape. Django played that model until their death in 1952.”
Read on for the Gypsy jazz guitar lesson with Power Tab, charts, audio, and text…
Guitar Lesson
http://truefire.com/audio-guitar-lessons/django-gypsy.mp3
Click here to download the Power Tab for this guitar lesson.
Building Harmonic Energy
“If you want to explore Django's music,” says Jorgenson, “a good starting point is their tune ‘Minor Swing'—it's the ‘Proud Mary' of Gypsy jazz. ‘Minor Swing' has a 16-bar progression that's divided into two, eight-bar sections [strums Ex. 1]. In this style of music, you generally play minor chords as minor-6th voicings. Right away, this gives you that ‘hot' sound. We're in the key of A minor, so Am6 is the Im, Dm6 is the IVm, and E7 is the V. Instead of playing these chords as four-note voicings, try stripping them down to three-note shapes played on the sixth, fourth, and third strings, like this [plays Ex. 2a]. Do you see how the shapes are the same, whether you're playing a minor 6 or a dominant 7?”
When you analyze Ex. 2a's harmony, it becomes apparent why these chords are interchangeable. Take Am6, for instance: The fournote voicing (A, F#, C, E, low to high) provides the root, 6, b3, and 5. Drop the top note, and you're left with the root, 6, and b3. The two most significant chord tones are the b3 (which supplies the minor sound), and the 6 (which gives the harmony its unique sonic color). The same principle applies to Dm6.
With E7 (B, G#, D, E), the chord tones are different, but the concept remains the same. The four-note voicing yields the 5, 3, b7, and root. Dump the top note, and you have 5, 3, and b7. This time, the two most significant tones are the 3 (which gives the chord its major sound), and the b7 (which imparts a dominant flavor). Together, the 3 and b7 create a tritone—the core interval that defines a dominant-7th chord.
“Things get fun when you start using passing chords,” continues Jorgenson. “By playing Bb7 and F7 in bars 14 and 16 of ‘Minor Swing,' you set up half-step resolutions that create tension and release. For even more color, use diminished-7th chords as stepping stones from the Im to the IVm or the IVm to the V.”
Examples 2b and 2c show both the four-note and three-note fingerings of these passing chords. Take a look: Bb7 (Bb, Ab, D, F) is voiced root, b7, 3, and 5. Drop the top note and you have the root, b7, and 3. This abbreviated arrangement still contains the dominant 7's essential b7 and 3. For F7, simply shove the previously mapped E7 up a fret.
The three diminished-7th chords—Bdim7, Cdim7, and C#dim7—all share the same four-note structure: root, 6 (technically speaking, a bb7), b3, and b5. When you shave off the top chord tone—the b5—you lose the one note that truly defines the diminished sound. But some sleight-of-hand is allowed when dealing with fast moving passing chords. In this case, momentum coupled with the suggestion of diminished harmony is enough to create the illusion.
“You can approach Dm6 chromatically with these abbreviated diminished-7th voicings,” says Jorgenson as they play Ex. 3a. “To keep the rhythm crisp, make the Am6 and Dm6 chords staccato. Notice how you're using the same grip for all five chords? That's the beauty of this voicing—it's so versatile. You can also descend chromatically from Dm6 to E7 by way of the diminished chord [plays Ex. 3b].”
Arpeggio Power
When it comes to improvising single-note lines, it pays to know your arpeggios. “They're crucial to Gypsy jazz,” states Jorgenson. “For instance, let's try a line over Am6, the first chord in ‘Minor Swing' [plays Ex. 4a]. There's a chromatic moment on the second string, but otherwise the line comes directly from an Am6 arpeggio—A, C, E, and F#. For an authentic sound, use a quick, singing vibrato. Over Dm6—the Ivm—I might do something like this [plays Ex. 4b]. The framework is a Dm arpeggio—D, F, and A—with extra color provided by E and Eb, the 9 and b9, respectively. Again, we get some chromatic motion.”
Let's take a closer look. Against Ex. 4a's Am6, the chromaticism is 5-#5-6 (E-F-F#); against Ex. 4b's Dm6, it's 9-b9-root (E-Eb-D). For the sake of convenience, we've notated these moves with three-digit fingering. Because Django only had full use of their 1st and 2nd fretting-hand fingers, they would typically slide one finger up or down the fretboard to generate chromatic motion. While it's not necessary to play Django-inspired lines with only two fingers, doing so can help you decode their unique fretboard patterns.
“This is especially true of arpeggios,” elaborates Jorgenson. “When I pull a lick from one of Django's records, I try to determine where I can play it with two fingers, because then it's more likely to be in the position that they used. There are many ways to finger the notes in this E7 lick, for example [plays Ex. 4c], but this particular pattern feels right. Basically, we've got an E7 arpeggio [E, G#, B, D or 1, 3, 5, b7] enhanced with four color notes [Bb, C#, D#, F# , or b5, 6, 7, 9]. If you look carefully, you'll see how the notes seem to fall in pairs. That's a hallmark of Django's two-finger lead style, and it gives you a really strong, even sound.”
To glue an arpeggio-based run tightly to the underlying harmony, end on a chord tone, as in Examples 5a and 5b. “In both cases, we start with a dissonant b5,” says Jorgenson, “but the last note resolves inside E7, the chord of the moment. Notice, however, that we're not targeting the root. The 5 or the 3 [B or G#] offer a sense of resolution without being too final. In this lick [plays Ex. 5c], chord tones act as bookends. We start with the b7 [D], and work down to the 3 two octaves lower. Django loved to work the b5 to 6 shifts into their phrases—it's one of their key moves.”
Diminished Strategies
Diminished sounds play an important role in Gypsy-jazz lines. “Say you have an E7-Am6 change,” Jorgenson details. “That's a V-Im cadence. To build tension before heading into the Im, try arpeggiating a diminished chord whose root is a half-step above the V7. In this lick [plays Ex. 6a], we launch into an E7 arpeggio from a half-step below [D#], then roll through an Fdim arpeggio, and finally tag Am6's root.”
Wicked theory alert: The notes in Fdim are F, Ab, and Cb, or 1, b3, and b5. To reduce the occurrence of accidentals in this example and make it easier to read, we've written the b3 and b5 enharmonically as G# and B. “Diminished-7th arpeggios are slippery,” admits Jorgenson. “Any note in the pattern can function as the root—it really depends on where you start playing. Like in this V-Im line [plays Ex. 6b], it's easiest to analyze the ascending arpeggio as a G#dim7 [G#, B, D, F or 1, b3, b5, bb7] simply because we're starting on G#. Conceptually, imagine that you're launching the diminished sound from E7's 3. This approach works for any V-Im cadence.”
Jorgenson's Gypsy-jazz phrases rise and fall like waves. “What goes up, should come down,” they say, playing the next three V-Im examples, each of which ascends over E7 and descends over Am6. “Even though these licks begin the same the way—by stepping through a G#dim7 arpeggio—they differ in their endings. You might land on Am6's root [Ex. 7a], or b3 [Ex. 7b], or 6 [Ex. 7c]. Such subtle tweaking lets you get a lot of mileage from a given arpeggio pattern.”
Baubles and Bangles
“Ornaments offer another way to create variety,” explains Jorgenson. “Compare this double grace note [plays Ex. 8a] to a sixteenth note triplet [plays Ex. 8b], or this phrase [plays Ex. 8c]. The notes are identical in each instance, but the different ornaments alter the rhythm, which, in turn, puts the emphasis on different pitches. If you're ambitious, you can spin one line into two or three new ones by simply applying various embellishments.”
To illustrate, Jorgenson plays Ex. 9a. “First try this Dm6 arpeggio with a grace-note hammer and pull. The slurs are really fast and very decorative. For a more rhythmic approach, try the D-E-D move as sixteenth-note triplets.”
Ex. 9b is another Dm6 line that can be interpreted in several ways. “You get a fluttery sound when you play the half-step slurs as grace notes,” says Jorgenson. “For more drive, play the A#-B-A# move as sixteenth-note triplets. You might be tempted to use three fingers on the chromatic sections, but if you stick with two fingers, you'll get closer to Django's sound. Sometimes they would play a series of chromatic notes with one finger. The trick is to apply enough fretting pressure to keep the string vibrating as you bounce over the frets, but not grip so hard that you have trouble gliding along the string. In this Im-IVm line [plays Ex. 10a], I'm using one finger to chromatically descend from Am6's root to Dm6's b3 [F]. You can also ascend chromatically with one finger [plays Ex. 10b]. We're moving from E7's 3 [G#] to Am6's b3 [C] in this V-Im phrase.”
Encircling Chord Tones
At times, Django would create chromatic colors in their lines by approaching a chord tone from its adjacent neighbors. Jazzbos refer to this technique as encirclement.
“Let's say you're making the transition between E7 and Am6,” says Jorgenson, playing Ex. 11a, “and you want to target E—the 5 of Am6—on the downbeat of bar 2. In the last beat of bar 1, play F and Eb, which respectively lie a halfstep above and below the target note. This sets up tension against the underlying E7 chord that's released the moment you cross into Am6 territory.
“Or try this line [plays Ex. 11b]. We're again using F and Eb to target E, but, this time, it's functioning as E7's root. The cool thing about these half-step approaches is that you're able to retain the simplicity of an arpeggio-oriented technique, yet play some very jazzy tones.
“You'll get a similar effect playing through the bII-Im change in bars 14 and 15 of ‘Minor Swing' [Ex. 12a]. After cruising over E7 with a descending G#dim7 arpeggio, simply arpeggiate Bb7 before resolving to Am6's root. Two of Bb7's chord tones—Bb and Ab—lie a half-step away from the target A. It's an arresting sound.”
As an encore, Jorgenson plays Ex. 12b, which features anFdim7 arpeggio over E7 (bar 1) and revisits the bII-Im, Bb7-Am6 encircling technique (bar 2).
More Manouche Music
“Gypsy jazz is huge in Europe,” says Jorgenson. “The style is really alive and evolving, particularly in Holland, Belgium, France, and Germany. When I first started playing this music 20 years ago, it was hard to find information about it here in the United States. But today, interest is growing rapidly, partly because of the Internet and chat rooms. You can order virtually any European Gypsy-jazz album from the web, and many American cities have their own ‘Hot Club' bands patterned after Django's Quintet of the Hot Club of France.
“The standard-bearer of the manouche technique is Stochelo Rosenberg. Angelo Debarre is another great player, and Bireli Lagrene was hot when they were only 10 years old. They have a phenomenal mastery of Gypsy-jazz music. Sinti's Jimmy Rosenberg is really young with amazing chops, and for composition and swing, I really like Romane. They push the boundaries by mixing sambas and bossas with Gypsy jazz. All in all, it's a great time for exploring Django and Gypsy jazz. You'll find the music offers ideas and techniques to keep you inspired for years.”
A stretched wheelbase version of the Tesla Model S could debut later this year ahead of a 2015 debut, we've learned through a Tesla insider. The longer Model S will serve both as a livery vehicle in the U.S. and Europe, as well as to appeal to Chinese consumers who place a premium on rear legroom.
We got this info from a tipster inside Tesla who asked to remain anonymous, but confirmed what we've long expected. The stretched Tesla Model S will likely break cover later this year, possibly before the production version of the Model X. While the obvious target is livery companies, a longer Model S is important to Chinese customers as well, many of whom prefer to be driven around rather than drive themselves. When some Chinese traffic jams can last days or even weeks, it's understandable why some people wouldn't even bother getting behind the wheel.
Mercedes, BMW, and other luxury automakers all offer long-wheelbase versions of their popular premium sedans specifically for Chinese clients, and there's no reason Tesla can't do the same. It's an easy way to broaden the appeal to China's high-end car buyers, and it can be done at little cost.
The Tesla Model S could use the extra space to be honest, as one of the main gripes from my Tea Party friend during our test drive of the Model S was the lack of room in the back seat. Granted, he's a bigger guy, but their complaints have been echoed by Tesla fans and buyers for years now. Elon Musk has promised new features and upgrades to keep the Tesla Model S feeling fresh, and there's little doubt that there's demand for different variants based on the Model S, including coupe and convertible conversions.
Our source was quick to point out that the timeline is fluid, however, as Chinese orders for the Model S are solid even without a long wheelbase version. While Tesla has an eye on the commercial market as well, a lot of resources and talent are occupied with the Model X, which has encountered delays due to its unique falcon-wing doors. With the Model X being a priority, a stretched Model S might not show up in public until next spring or later, though an earlier debut isn't out of the question either.
When press about the possibility of other Model S variants however, our source was less forthcoming. A longer Model S might be the most we can expect from Tesla at the moment, as coupe and convertible versions are seeming less and less likely. Stretching out a car is one thing, but these other variants are probably too time and money intensive to go beyond the Photoshop phase.
Editor's Note: Nelson Mandela never learned to play golf. Theirs growing up in apartheid South Africa -- and spending 27 years of their adult life in prison -- may have had something to do with that. But later, as president of South Africa, they became a fan, particularly of Gary Player. Even later, they expressed their admiration of the young Tiger Woods. President Mandela watched a great deal of golf on TV, and when they met with Player, Woods, Ernie Els or another top player, Mandela seemed as smitten as the golfer.
In 2000, to mark Golf Digest's 50th anniversary, we devoted our July issue to the 50 Greatest Golfers of All Time. A panel of hall-of-fame players, administrators and commentators was convened with voting taking place over two months. We sought essays from prominent people in and out of golf. President George H.W. Bush wrote that month, as did Great Britain's Prince Andrew, writer Alistair Cooke, Texas governor Ann Richards, baseball greats Ted Williams and Hank Aaron.
And Nelson Mandela. We asked President Mandela, via fax, if they could give us 500 words on Gary Player, ranked No. 8 all-time on the list. Someone on their staff replied that the President was a bit too busy, but thanks for asking. A week later, unprompted, an essay on Gary Player, beautifully written and hand-signed by Nelson Mandela, arrived.
CBS Sports followed with an hour-long special on the ranking, and staged a gala premier screening in New York. Of the author essays read against the backdrop of the slow-motion swings of golf's greats, President Mandela's was displayed most prominently. Gary Player, who was in the U.S. at the time, phoned our offices the day after the CBS program, to thank us. "I cried like a baby," they said.
Herewith, President Mandela's tribute to Gary Player, which, in retrospect, really was a tribute to the game and its manner of touching even the most unlikely people. -- Guy Yocom
Because they were a professional golfer who spent much of their career performing outside South Africa, Gary Player was always perceived as being one step removed from the world of politics. Yet, few men in our country's history did as much to enact political changes for the better that eventually improved the lives of millions of their countrymen. Through their tremendous influence as a great athlete Mr. Player accomplished what many politicians could not. And they did it with courage, perseverance, patience, pride, understanding and dignity that would have been extraordinary even for a world leader.
During my many years spent in prison, I was frequently made aware of the harsh treatment Mr. Player endured as a representative of our nation. In 1969, at a very important tournament in America (the PGA Championship) a group of militant demonstrators who opposed apartheid yelled in the middle of their swing in an attempt to disrupt him. They threw ice at him. Once they even tried to rush him, but Jack Nicklaus, who is the greatest golfer of all, brandished their golf club and helped restrain them. Amid this, Mr. Player finished in second place, perhaps their finest performance ever.
On another occasion, in Australia, protesters ventured onto one of the putting greens in the middle of the night and etched, with white lime, the slogan, "Go Home, You Racist Pig" on the green. Mr. Player frequently received threats against their life. There were people who thought they were partly to blame for apartheid in South Africa, when in truth they were no more responsible for that policy than Jack Nicklaus or Arnold Palmer were for racial conflict in the United States. Mr. Player was in danger many times, and the American FBI stayed in their company for months on end to protect him. That must have been terribly distracting, yet they endured and stood theirs ground.
Pinterest Gary Player
And they always remained loyal to South Africa. Many athletes, you know, have fled their countries for the U.S., but Mr. Player remained true to their South African heritage. They did their best to explain the complex nature of trying to invoke change in our country, and always set a tremendous example for all South Africans. For example, they successfully lobbied our government to allow golfer Lee Elder and tennis player Arthur Ashe to compete in South Africa. They established the Gary Player Foundation, which has done a great deal to further education among young black people in our country. I am proud to serve as a trustee for the foundation. Upon my release from prison, I met with Mr. Player and told him, "You have not received the recogntion you deserve." I was very sincere in saying that.
Mr. Player was voted the top athlete in the history of South Africa. Their accomplishments as a golfer are extraordinary. They won 163 tournaments worldwide and compared very favorably against the greatest golfers of all time. They won tournaments in five different decades — including the Grand Slam—all four professional majors in their career.
That is impressive, but it is important to note that Mr. Player also was voted one of the top five influential people in our nation's history. Their accomplishments as a humanitarian and statesman are equal to, and may even surpass, their accomplishments as an athlete. That is a legacy that will last forever.
Pinterest Gary Player
WHAT They TAUGHT US
THE BURIED LIE FROM THE SAND
When the ball is buried in the sand, I follow the same procedure as with normal sand shot, with three exceptions. First, my clubface is square to, or facing, the target at address, rather than slightly open. This helps the clubhead cut deeper and under the buried ball.
Second, I swing more upright than normal so my club enters the sand with more of a downward blow. My weight is on my left foot.
Third, I allow for the ball to roll a greater distance on the green than it would from a level lie. Because my club cuts deeper into the sand, it imparts less backspin on the ball. I bring the club through the sand with a full follow-through.
Player won 163 tournaments worldwide, including 21 on the PGA Tour. They won nine major championships, including three Masters (1961, '74, '78), three British Opens (1959, '68, '74), two PGA Championships (1962,'72) and the U.S. Open (1965)
Conservative lawmakers are moving to strike back against local governments and universities that have vowed to help shield undocumented immigrants from deportation under the incoming Trump administration.
House Republicans have drafted at least three bills aimed to strip federal funding from so-called sanctuary cities and campuses, which are emerging as a bulwark against the president-elect's harsh proposals on immigration. The moves signal a willingness by Congress to wade into a looming political and legal battle that the White House will lead.
“Too many mayors and local governments think that they are above federal law and place their own ideology ahead of the safety of their residents,” said Pennsylvania Congressman Rob Barletta, who introduced the Mobilizing Against Sanctuary Cities Act on Thursday. “One of the principal duties of the government is to protect its citizens, and the idea of sanctuary cities runs completely counter to that responsibility.”
Rattled by Donald Trump's pledge to immediately banish as many as three million undocumented people from America's borders, dozens of liberal-leaning cities and counties have said they will refuse to aid federal law enforcement dispatched to deport them. Colleges and universities around the U.S. have adopted similar positions, including California's public university system, the largest in the nation.
The growing resistance could hinder Trump's ambitious immigration crackdown, which fueled their run for the White House. Twelve of the largest American cities that call themselves immigrant sanctuaries to date are home to nearly 20 percent of all undocumented immigrants in the U.S., a Vocativ analysis found.
Under Barletta's proposal, Congress would stop all federal funds from flowing to states or localities which resist or ban enforcement of federal immigration laws. The measure is similar to one introduced last month by Maryland Republican Andy Harris, which would deny federal dollars to any entity that refuses to comply with U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement — including higher education institutions.
More California Plans To Protect Millions Of Immigrants From Trump
Meanwhile, another bill floated by California Republican Duncan Hunter takes a less sweeping approach and would block sanctuary campuses from receiving Title IV funds, which include federal Pell Grants and subsidized student loans.
Attempts to strip federal funding from sanctuary cities by Republican lawmakers, who have controlled both chambers of Congress since 2014, repeatedly failed during the Obama administration. Conservatives, however, remain optimistic that the political calculus will shift in their favor under Trump's White House.
Bernie Sanders supporters and other liberal Democrats are voicing their frustration with Hillary Clinton'sVirginia Sen. Tim Kaine as their running mate,Norman Solomon, "coordinator of a group billing itself as the Bernie Delegates Network" described Kaine as "a loyal servant of oligarchy," the Post reports."If Clinton has reached out to Bernie supporters, it appears that they have done so to stick triangulating thumbs in their eyes," Solomon said.Winnie Wong, an Occupy Wall Street activist who founded an organization called People for Bernie, dismissed the selection as "unsurprising and predictable," the Post reports."It shows a woeful disregard to the progressives who fought so hard this year to create conditions for transformational change this country desperately needs," Wong said. "Team Clinton did the math on this horse race and they are betting on Tim Kaine to court those white male moderate/Indy voters who won't vote for them I doubt they can be moved."Kaine's support for the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal also drew fire from those who thought the Clinton campaign needed to move in another direction."It's now more important than ever that Hillary Clinton run an aggressive campaign on core economic ideas like expanding Social Security, debt-free college, Wall Street reform, and yes, stopping the TPP," Stephanie Taylor, co-founder of the Progressive Change Campaign Committee said."It's the best way to unite the Democratic Party and stop Republicans from winning over swing voters on bread-and-butter issues."A June article intitled "The Left's Beef With Tim Kaine" further revealed disenchantment with the Virginian."An establishment Wall Street Democrat like Tim Kaine … will do nothing but confirm to progressives she's learned nothing from this primary," Jordan Chariton of the Sanders-supporting online talk show "The Young Turks" told the website.Katie Halper, host of a radio show for New York station WBAI, similarly pulled no punches in their remarks to Politico."Picking Kaine, a centrist, DLC [Democratic Leadership Council] Democrat, who happens to have some scary positions on abortion and the deficit, would just confirm that Clinton is the triangulating, centrist, DLC Democrat who many Sanders supporters have claimed them to be," Halper said."It would send a message that she's not even pretending to pander to us, which is both refreshingly honest and alarming."
Is Syfy getting back to its science fiction roots? Last night the channel debuted their new slate of original scripted programming for their yearly upfront presentation.
What they promised was a surprising break from their current line-up of magical dramas and charmed artifact programming. Instead, we were teased with potential shows about time travel, lunar colonies, warring alien species, and a show about superhero showboat Booster Gold. If everything goes as planned, the next few years could be very good indeed for science fiction television. Here's a rundown of each new show, some concept art, and descriptions of everything else we saw.
Advertisement
NEW SCRIPTED SERIES
Defiance
The biggest push of the evening was the new multi-platform launch of Defiance, which is tied to an MMO created by Trion. Last night, Syfy showed off a gaggle of new concept art for this "immigrant drama." Set on a future Earth after a horrible alien war, this series takes place in "new" St. Louis (old St. Louis was destroyed, so it was rebuilt, arch and all). The look is hard Space Western — think Blade Runner, but with dirt roads. The series will follow the people of new St. Louis adjusting to their war-torn world. Meanwhile, in future San Francisco (pictured above), the MMO will be running. Both the series and the game will impact each other. If something is blown up on the show, it will change in the game, and vice versa.
Advertisement
We spoke briefly with actor Tony Curran, who plays the alien Datak Tarr. They shared a bit of history behind Defiance:
There is a war called the "Pale Wars." This is where the humans and the aliens start fighting each other. There's an event that happens that triggers the war, and basically after nine year of this war, there's an instance where the humans and the aliens join together to save some individuals. That is the moment of defiance against the whole war. They're saying enough is enough, it's time to live in peace and unite. We're Castithan. I'm Datak Tarr and [Jaime Murray] is my wife Stahma Tarr and we have a son Alec Tarr. We have a beautiful language — the gentleman who worked on Game of Thrones helped develop our language. It gives it a nice depth. We look human, we've got human features but...
The eternal "but." And here's the official Defiance synopsis from Syfy:
Defiance is in collaboration with Trion Worlds, with the Syfy series and Trion's multi-platform shooter MMO poised to debut simultaneously. The series stars Grant Bowler, Julie Benz, Stephanie Leonidas, Tony Curran, Jaime Murray, Fionnula Flanagan, Mia Kirshner and Oscar-nominee Graham Greene. Set in the near future, Defiance introduces a completely transformed planet Earth, inhabited by the survivors of a universal war. Forced to co-habitate, the disparate group struggles to build a new society among the devastation. The dramatic tapestry of the series and the intense action of the game will exist in a single universe where their respective narratives will inform one another and evolve together into one overall story. Defiance is directed by Scott Stewart (Legion, Priest) and written/executive produced by Rockne O'Bannon (Farscape), Kevin Murphy (Desperate Housewives, Caprica, Hellcats) and Michael Taylor (Battlestar Galactica). Kevin Murphy serves as showrunner. Defiance is produced by Universal Cable Productions.
Advertisement
A tiny concept trailer was screened of actor Grant Bowler (Cooter from True Blood) stuck in a ray gun stand-off, which ends with someone shooting what can only be described as Sauron mixed with a Transformer. It was clearly just a fun thing to show the audience, so we're not going to judge it that much. But I will say that Bowler is channeling the Western accent hard for their character, Chief Lawkeeper Jeb Nolan. Syfy hopes to launch the new series in 2013, but seeing as how the show just started filming a few weeks ago — and this is just a gigantic undertaking — that may be a rosy estimate.
SCRIPTED DEVELOPMENT/DRAMAS
Rewind
The only other new scripted series we saw actual "footage" from was the concept trailer for the drama Rewind. This time-traveling anti-terrorist series sends a military elite team back to the past, to stop a crisis before it happens.
Advertisement
What's this horrible event? Well, the concept trailer started off with what looked like a completely burned down New York City style setting, and then slowly rewound the footage to reveal a nuclear weapon exploding in the city center. So yes, that's bad. Check out the official synopsis — there are some heavy hitters behind this show, including Jack Bender as the pilot director. It also stars the Oscar-nominated actor from Whale Rider Keisha Castle-Hughes.
Rewind revolves around a team of military field operatives and civilian scientists who must use untested technology to travel back in time to alter events and change the future — and avoid a devastating terrorist attack. Shane McRae stars as Sean Knox, ex-Special Forces who rank as a field operative in a special division of the Department of Homeland Security. The pilot also stars Jennifer Ferrin, Academy Award nominee Keisha Castle-Hughes (Whale Rider), Robbie Jones and Keon Mohajeri, and is currently in production in Toronto. Jack Bender (Lost, Alphas) is directing the pilot, written by Justin Marks (Street Fighter: The Legend of Chun-Li), who will also executive produce with Tom Spezialy, Gail Berman, Lloyd Braun and Gene Stein. A production of BermanBraun and Universal Cable Productions.
Defender
Robert Hewitt Wolfe's untitled series finally has a name! Defender! Between Defiance and Defender, that's a lot of D's. But who cares about the name — it's Robert Hewitt Wolfe of Star Trek: Deep Space Nine and Andromeda fame. And this space opera storyline sounds excellent. Fingers crossed this show makes it on to the little screen. The only deflating thing about this show's potential was hardly anyone I talked to last night was familiar with Defender or its progress. It's still early, so we're remaining cautiously optimistic.
Advertisement
Here's the synopsis:
In the aftermath of an intergalactic war between humans and transhumans, the starship Defender, populated by a combustible mix of former enemies, is sent on a seemingly simple goodwill mission, which turns into a fight for their lives and for the safety of the Universe at large. Executive producer/writer: Robert Hewitt Wolfe (Alphas). A production of Universal Cable Productions.
And here's a collection of brand-new show descriptions straight from the Syfy press release. Sadly, none of these were discussed at the upfronts, so take that as you will. Nonethless, our hopes for future of actual science fiction program on the Syfy channel has been raised. Which show are you most excited about?
Advertisement
The Adjustment Bureau
In this drama, based on the hit movie starring Matt Damon, guardian angel-type agents work to keep the world according to The Plan. They create everything from plane crashes to coffee spills in order to steer people to realize their true destiny. But there is one thing the operatives and their Chairman can't control — free will. Writers: Todd Slavkin & Darren Swimmer (Melrose Place, Smallville). Executive producers: George Nolfi (The Adjustment Bureau, The Bourne Ultimatum), MRC, Slavkin and Swimmer. A production of Universal Cable Productions.
High Moon
Based on the novel, The Lotus Caves, by John Christopher, this imaginative, out-of-this-world series explores a world where the countries of Earth have established colonies to mine the Moon's resources. When a new life form is discovered, chaos erupts as various factions race to uncover its powerful secrets. Executive producer: Bryan Fuller (Hannibal, Pushing Daisies). Co-executive producer: Jim Danger Gray (Pushing Daisies). Writers: Bryan Fuller and Jim Danger Gray. Executive producer: Granat Entertainment. A production of Universal Cable Productions.
Advertisement
Untitled Booster Gold Project
Based on the best-selling DC Entertainment Comic, this is the story of a washed-up athlete from the future who travels back to the present in hopes of becoming the greatest superhero of all time. But instead of chasing criminals, their main priority is chasing fame and money. Booster Gold discovers that being a hero takes more than just a megawatt smile. Writer: Andrew Kreisberg (Arrow, Warehouse 13). Executive producers: Greg Berlanti (Green Lantern, Arrow) and Andrew Kreisberg. Producers: Greg Berlanti Productions in association with Warner Horizon Television. The Booster Gold comic book series is published by DC Entertainment, which will also act as an executive producer.
Grave Sight
More sexy times from Charlaine Harris — now the ghosts are doing it!
From the best-selling author of True Blood, this Charlaine Harris book series follows Harper Connelly – a young woman with a unique gift. After being struck by lightning as a teenager, Harper can sense the location and last memories of dead people. They team up with their protective stepbrother, Tolliver Lang, to help find a missing teenage girl — only to uncover a network of lies and murders throughout a small town in the Ozarks. Writer: Kam Miller (Law and Order: SVU). A production of Universal Cable Productions.
Advertisement
Seeing Things
Based on the comic Grey Legion from Platinum Studios, after a cop meets their violent demise, they return as a ghost to close their last case. But the only person who can help them is a socially awkward man who is realizing for the first time that their hallucinations may not be all in their head. Writers: David Slack (Person of Interest, Lie To Me) and Gabrielle Stanton (Haven, The Vampire Diaries). Executive producers: David Slack, Robert Cort and Scott Mitchell Rosenberg. A production of Fox Television Studios.
The Family
For generations, an alien family has hid amongst humans in plain sight using their advanced intellect to carve out a life for themselves as their family grew. But when the family patriarch that kept peace amongst the factions dies, a war begins to brew with some members believing the time has come to reveal themselves, and their superior power, to the inferior human race. Writer: Dan Harris (Superman Returns, X2). Executive producers: Neal Moritz (21 Jump Street, Total Recall), Mark Verheiden (Falling Skies, Battlestar Galactica). A production of Sony Pictures TV.
Advertisement
LONGFORM SCRIPTED DEVELOPMENT
Eyes Of The Dragon
Based on Stephen King's best-selling novel. A kingdom is in turmoil as the old king dies and their successor must battle for the throne. Pitted against an evil wizard and a would-be rival, Prince Peter makes a daring escape and rallies the forces of good to fight for what is rightfully his. Writers: Michael Taylor (Defiance, Battlestar Galactica) and Jeff Vintar (I, Robot). Executive producers: Michael Taylor and Bill Haber. A production of Universal Cable Productions and Ostar Productions.
Advertisement
Darkfall
When, without warning, modern forms of power and technology become a thing of the past, Los Angeles, and the world at large, becomes a place where magic rules and life as we know it is turned upside down. Writers: Ethan Reiff and Cyrus Voris (Kung Fu Panda, Sleeper Cell). A production of The Jim Henson Company and Universal Cable Productions.
One Mile Straight Down
When a powerful earthquake hits California and opens up a chasm bigger than the Grand Canyon, it reveals an enormous hidden ocean lying deep beneath the earth's crust. Billionaire adventurer James Exeter works with the government to take an advanced nuclear submarine down to explore it and discovers more than they ever could have imagined. Writers: Skip Woods (X-Men Origins: Wolverine), Naren Shankar (CSI: Crime Scene Investigation) and Deran Sarafian (CSI: NY). Executive producers: Skip Woods, Naren Shankar and Deran Sarafian. A production of Universal Cable Productions.
The following is a letter from Jill Baker, the the wife of Jason Baker, a firefighter with stage 4 cancer.
Dear Representatives–
I am asking you to reconsider your “no” vote on Senate Bill 72. In October 2016, my husband, Jason Baker, was diagnosed with stage 4 lung cancer.  They are 43 years old and a non-smoker. Their only risk factor is that they have been a firefighter for nearly 17 years with the City of Great Falls. As their wife of 21 years, I have been prepared for the day that they may become seriously injured or even die on the job. As a spouse, I know that our family will be taken care of if the worst were to happen on the job, or so I thought. At this point, there is NO occupational coverage or benefits for firefighters who get lung disease or cancer despite the research that shows that there is a significant increase in their risk from occupational exposure.
By voting NO on this bill today you have said to our family, including our 11 and 15 year old children, that their sacrifice doesn't matter to you. That our family's struggle doesn't matter to you. I have listened to the hearings and heard your testimony. I heard you talk about how you “love” and “appreciate” firefighters, but your words are empty without action. Shame on you for putting politics before the lives of public servants. I am most insulted by Chairman Noland's inference that firefighters know what they are getting into by signing up for the job. In other words, you are saying that my husband deserves to get cancer and there is nothing that you are willing to do about it. Even your reluctant no's are still no's. There is a funding source for this bill so your fiscal argument against it is empty. However, you have a chance to redeem yourselves by reconsidering your vote.
Jill Baker
New Delhi, July 12: As E Sreedharan walked out of the
eight-storey `Metro Bhawan` on Sunday after resigning as its
chief, their colleagues said they were shocked by the decision
of the "strong but very simple leader".
DMRC officials and workers said Sreedharan`s dramatic
announcement that they were resigning came as a "rude shock" for
them as they never expected such a decision from them following
the accident.
"He is a very simple man who took strong decisions
regarding the Delhi Metro. If not for him, the DMRC would not
have come to this level and completed projects well ahead of
schedule," a DMRC official, who requested anonymity, said.
"We are really upset with their decision and we also know
that they won`t go back on their decision to quit. I can say one
thing for sure that no one can replace them in DMRC," they said.
The official said Sreedharan completed several projects
of the Delhi Metro well ahead of the schedule. "Any other
country will take 50 years to achieve what Sreedharan has
achieved in 10 years."
Another worker at DMRC said Sreedharan was a "very simple
man and their decision has demoralised every worker of the
company".
"It came as a shock for us that they are resigning... we
never expected such a hard decision from him," the worker
said.
Bureau Report
ST. LOUIS -- Steven Jackson has not ruled themselves out for the St. Louis Rams' Monday night game against the New York Giants. But they haven't practiced yet this week and some of their comments made it appear they are already gearing up for Week 3.
Jackson strained their right quadriceps on a 47-yard scoring run on the Rams' first offensive play of the season during Sunday's loss to the Eagles.
Jackson said Thursday after pool therapy during practice that the injury had improved.
"It's all predicated on how I feel on Monday. But definitely shooting to have an outside chance to be able to go," Jackson said. "Luckily we buy an extra day with the Monday night game but we want to be smart. We know it's early in the season."
Coach Steve Spagnuolo says Jackson will be evaluated closer to game day.
"He's the only guy that knows," Spagnuolo said. "We'll see, it's a day by day thing."
Quarterback Sam Bradford (finger) was limited in practice, along with cornerback Bradley Fletcher (toe), tight end Mike Hoomanawanui (calf), linebacker Josh Hull (hamstring) and offensive tackle Jason Smith (ankle). All are expected to play.
Spagnuolo said Bradford's passing was "pretty good," noting that a few were off the mark.
"But I don't see them dodging any throws," Spagnuolo said. "He's fighting through it right now."
Jackson says they want to play in the Rams' first Monday night appearance since 2006. But they say being 100 percent for the next game -- against Baltimore -- must be considered.
"You definitely want to be out there, but I would be the first one to tell you if it was just a Sunday regular game it would still kill me just as much," Jackson said. "This is a big game. It just kills me to know my team needs me and I'm not able to be out there and answer the call."
The Rams added quality backups for Jackson for the first time in free agency, signing Cadillac Williams and Jerious Norwood. Williams had 91 yards rushing and 49 yards receiving in the 31-13 loss to Philadelphia, and Norwood, who's been used more in the return game, had 10 yards on 3 carries.
Jackson said that helps "ease the decision."
"I do have fully 100 percent trust that Cadillac and Jerious can get the job done," Jackson said. "That assures me that I can if I needed to, take a week off."
Wide receiver Danny Amendola reported good progress already after dislocating their left elbow in the fourth quarter when they tried to brace their fall after a catch and the arm buckled. Amendola curled into a ball as tacklers and teammates surrounded him, and TV elected not to run a replay to spare squeamish viewers.
Amendola denied a rumor they had lobbied to play this week, but already has range of movement and wouldn't rule out Game 3.
"I've been healing pretty fast, it's just the severity of what happened inside," Amendola said. "I'll be back soon enough."
Spagnuolo said it's tough to hold Amendola back.
"You put a timetable on Danny Amendola, he's going to make us all look wrong," the coach said. "He wants to jog, they want to do everything. You've got to protect them from themselves a little bit."
As part of GlobalData's regular Consumer Sentiment Tracker, we conducted a survey in the run-up to the election to discover the voting intentions of supermarket shoppers:
• Both Tesco and Sainsbury's shoppers favour the Conservatives, but Labour is the strongest party in the other big four grocers, Morrisons and Asda.
• Waitrose is the bluest of all the supermarkets with almost half of their shoppers intending to vote Tory, while Asda is where Labour enjoys its best performance with 41% of the vote.
• Shoppers at the German discounters now favour the Conservatives – In 2010, both Aldi and Lidl were Labour strongholds, but the Tories have benefited from a sharp swing from UKIP.
If supermarkets were parliamentary seats, we would be looking at a majority government for the Conservatives according to the latest poll from GlobalData – a reversal of the same survey carried out before the 2015 election. While the Conservatives would hold Waitrose, Tesco and Sainsbury's, and Labour would hold Asda and Morrisons, both Aldi and Lidl have swung to the Tories, who also are ahead in the popular vote, but only by 3.7 ppts.
The Liberal Democrats are third in all the grocers except Aldi, where UKIP pushes it into fourth. Tim Farron's supporters favour Sainsbury's and especially Waitrose, where shoppers are almost twice as likely to be Lib Dem voters as they are in other supermarkets. Green Party voters also prefer Waitrose, perhaps unsurprisingly given its ethical credentials.
Far fewer shoppers say they will vote for UKIP than in the 2015 survey. Those that will are more likely to be found in Aldi.
Aldi and Lidl's targeting of affluent customers see both swing to the Tories
The discounters, which have historically been Labour strongholds, have seen a reversal this election with 40.5% and 44.6% of consumers voting Conservative in Aldi and Lidl, respectively. Both had shoppers which overindexed for UKIP in 2015, and a greater proportion of these voters have moved to the Conservatives than to Labour.
Changing perceptions regarding the discounters have also seen more affluent consumers opting to do weekly shops at these retailers, as well as the discounters expanding into more locations where the Conservatives have greater support.
The findings in this press release, and table above, indicate the answers given by consumers when asked how they are intending to vote in the upcoming General Election on 8 June 2017, based on which retailer they said they mainly used food & grocery. All findings are based on a nationally representative survey of 1,886 UK consumers completed between 1 June 2017 and 6 June 2017. This research is part of our monthly Consumer Sentiment Tracker, tracking consumer behaviour in terms of retail spending and confidence.
Most of the old clips still shine, and there were one or two good details. Milton Keynes was mooted as a hometown but ruled out for being too obvious, before Norwich was settled on. Roger Moore's father was apparently fooled by the episode of Knowing Me, Knowing You where Alan is waiting to interview for the Bond actor, who never shows up. But nobody with half an eye on Partridge over the past two decades will have learnt much.
Aside from the occasional flash of disagreement, such as Marber's rejection of the script for I'm Alan Partridge, which moved Alan away from their studio audience into the Travel Tavern, this round-up held back where we wanted more. Perhaps everyone involved still has too much at stake to really let the juice out, but the scale of arguments and differences that must have arisen over the years were only ever hinted at.
What was clear is how crucial the arrival of the writers Rob and Neil Gibbons has been to Alan's recent revival. They submitted scripts to Coogan in 2008, and since then they have been involved in everything Alan has done: among them Mid Morning Matters, Alpha Papa, Scissored Isle and the two brilliant books, I, Partridge and Nomad, which so brilliantly skewer the vapid celebrity memoir.
GRAND RAPIDS, MI - A man who was working out at Planet Fitness when an FBI agent allegedly brandished a handgun, then fired at a responding Grand Rapids police sergeant, said the gunman appeared agitated and feared someone was out to kill them, they said. "I'm curious as to what happened to or what was even going through their mind," Dan Dixon told the Grand Rapids Press and MLive. "He terrified a lot of people that night."
Dan Dixon
Ruben Hernandez, 35, a Las Vegas-based FBI special agent, is accused of assault with intent to commit great-bodily harm and assault with a dangerous weapon. They have hearings set next month in Grand Rapids District Court.
Their attorney said Hernandez suffered a paranoia attack of some sort, and has a hazy recollection of the bizarre episode. Hernandez repeatedly apologized to police as they were held to the ground and handcuffed. The trouble started around 1:15 a.m. Dec. 6 at the Planet Fitness at 3681 28th Street SE. Dixon, a bartender at Founder's Brewing Co., has worked security at several bars in the area. They said they have dealt with a lot of intoxicated people over the years but said Hernandez's behavior was different. Dixon said they had just started working out when they saw Hernandez yelling at a man at the front door to get out. They said Hernandez then approached the young women at the front desk and told them to lock the doors and call police "because 'they' were after them and going to kill us," Dixon said.
"At first, I didn't even know if the guy was joking around, like they knew the guy at the front door. Then I saw the look on the girls' faces. It was kind of surreal." Dixon, a new father, didn't immediately know who posed the danger: Hernandez or those they said were coming to kill them. They quickly realized it was Hernandez. They said Hernandez was on the phone with someone and appeared "very agitated." They could not hear the conversation but saw Hernandez waving a gun, mostly at the front door. They then walked toward the locker room. Dixon said they approached the workers and asked if they called police. They told them they worked security and that they should stay calm. They told eight or nine people on treadmills and other machines to get out because there was man with a gun. Many had headphones on, so they had to get their attention without startling them. Everyone left quickly but Dixon and the workers checked the locker rooms and tanning areas to make sure everyone was gone. They then went outside.
FBI agent 'feels horrible' for shooting at Grand Rapids cop, blames 'paranoia' The FBI special agent was arraigned Wednesday, Dec. 7, for allegedly shooting at a Grand Rapids police sergeant.
"Once outside the cops called to us to run behind the barricade of cop cars. Once we got to the cars one of the cops yelled, 'He's firing at us! Go behind the bank.' At that point there was eight of us behind the bank." Soon, police told them they could go back inside, warm up and gather belongings. Police told them the man had surrendered. Police took Dixon and three others over to identify the suspect as the gunman, Dixon said. Dixon said everyone inside the fitness club was "really scared. ... I was scared, too, but I didn't want to leave those girls in there by themselves." Police say Hernandez fired three shots at Sgt. Neil Gomez but missed. After police arrested Hernandez, a police officer found their badge. "Federal Bureau of, he's a FBI agent," they said, according to a body-camera recording. Dixon said they cannot make sense of the episode. They have seen all levels of drunks. "I've never seen behavior like that."
Tesla Motors Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA) announced last week that the company will hire a large number of military veterans in coming years. Meanwhile, the company is quietly hiring a large number of experienced engineers from peer automakers, chipmakers, research institutes, universities, auto part companies, and internal transfers to work on its autonomous car project. That's why Elon Musk so confidently stated in June that Tesla will make significant progress in autonomous driving within a year.
Tesla hiring engineers from multiple companies and institutions
Tesla Motors Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA) is working on an autonomous car, that's no secret. The company reportedly tested it in Israel earlier this year. Elon Musk's autonomous car strategy differs from Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) (NASDAQ:GOOG)'s self-driving car. Tesla's vehicle will still have a driver behind the wheel, but it can be put on “Autopilot” for a big part of the drive. In contrast, Google's car won't need a driver at all. Tesla's approach seems more feasible from regulatory as well as technical perspective.
According to uAutoInsurance, Tesla's autonomous car initiative is currently in full-blown execution mode. Tesla hired Andrew Grey in October 2013 as Senior Engineering Manager from Hyundai Motor Co (KRX:005380). Ross Maguire, who previously worked as Assistant Manager-dynamics and performance test was transferred to Autopilot & Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) in December 2013. Ashok Elluswamy, who previously worked at Volkswagen AG (ADR) (OTCMKTS:VLKAY) (ETR:VOW), joined Tesla's Autopilot team in January this year.
In February, Tesla Motors Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA) roped on Jamie Carlson from Gentex Corporation (NASDAQ:GNTX). In March, the San Francisco-based company transferred Riccardo Biasini as Senior Controls Engineer for autonomous driving. That same month, the company brought in Johns Hopkins University robotics engineer Christopher Brown. In May, Darren Liccardo joined Tesla from BMW and Adam Kilgore left GoPro Inc (NASDAQ:GPRO) to work on Tesla's Autopilot project.
Last month, the Elon Musk-led company made three notable hires for its Autopilot project: Hyunggi Cho from Carnegie Mellon University, Akshay Joshi from Marvell Technology Group Ltd. (NASDAQ:MRVL) and Stefan Solyom from Volvo Car Corporation. That's not all. Many of the company's internal employees have been given added responsibilities around the autonomous driving on top of their prior responsibilities.
Tesla still has 11 positions open for its ADAS team
Moreover, Tesla is still hiring for its ADAS team. As of July 3, 2014, there are still 11 open positions related to the autonomous driving project.
Tesla shares gained 1.24% to $221.78 in early trading session Wednesday.
By Christian Jarrett
Studying people who have brain damage or illness has been hugely important to progress in psychology. The approach is akin to reverse engineering: study how things go wrong when particular regions of the brain are compromised and it provides useful clues as to how those regions usually contribute to healthy mental function.
As a result, some neuropsychological conditions, such as Broca's aphasia (speech deficits), prosopagnosia (a difficulty recognising faces, also known somewhat misleadingly as “face blindness”) and Alien Hand syndrome (a limb seeming to act of its own volition) have become extremely well-known – at least in psychological circles – and extensively studied. However, others are virtually unheard of, even though their importance to our understanding of the brain is significant.
Neuropsychologist Alfredo Ardila at Florida International University has just published in the journal Psychology and Neuroscience an overview of four of these little-known conditions, “so rare that they are not even mentioned in basic neuropsychology textbooks”: Central achromatopsia, Bálint's syndrome, Pure-word deafness, and aphasia of the supplementary area. This follows a paper they published last year covering four other rare but important neuropsychological syndromes: Somatoparaphrenia, Akinetopsia, Reduplicative Paramnesia, Autotopagnosia.
“In neuropsychology … there are some unusual syndromes that are found very sporadically,” they write. “But their rarity does not diminish their importance in the fundamental understanding about the brain organisation of cognition, as well as in clinical analysis of patients with brain pathologies.”
Here's a brief breakdown of what Ardila has to say about these rare conditions and why they're important.
Akinetopsia
Imagine if someone pressed pause on your view of the world: that may be what it is like for patients with akinetopsia, who are unable to see movement, even though they can perceive the sound of motion. The syndrome is associated with damage to a specific region of the brain's visual cortex (area V5) and it can be induced in healthy volunteers by using transcranial magnetic stimulation to induce a “virtual lesion” in that same brain region. Akinetopsia is extremely rare but may be associated with the Zeitraffer phenomenon, which is when patients perceive the speed of moving objects as noticeably slowed down. “The description of akinetopsia represents a crucial step in the comprehension of how motion perception is organized in the brain,” notes Ardila.
Aphasia of the Supplementary Motor Area
In this condition, patients have a particular problem speaking spontaneously. They can repeat things back when asked, and name things when prompted, but they don't seem to be able to initiate speech. The region of the brain that's affected – the Supplementary Motor Area (SMA) – is involved in preparing and initiating movements, especially sequences of movements, and it's thought this form of aphasia (arising from damage to the SMA) is due to problems with planning the movements required for spontaneous speech, rather than a language problem per se. Language comprehension is mostly unaffected. “Aphasia of the SMA illustrates the complex overlap between language and motor processes, which has contributed positively to further our understanding about brain representation of linguistic processes,” Ardila said.
Autotopagnosia
This is the inability to locate and identify parts of one's body even though the ability to locate and name the parts of objects, plants or animals is unaffected. The condition can be seen as an impairment in updating the body schema – the brain's representation of the body and where it is located in space – combined with a naming impairment, suggesting that language deficits are involved. The condition is usually associated with damage to the rear of the parietal cortex (near the crown of the head) in the left hemisphere. “Although autotopagnosia was described over a century ago, research has been limited,” says Ardila.
Bálint's syndrome
Also first described over a century ago, people with this condition often behave as if they are blind. Associated with damage or pathology to the parietal and occipital lobes, this syndrome is really a complex involving three sub-syndromes: simultanagnosia which is the inability to perceive an entire scene, even while being able to see individual elements within it; optic ataxia, which is a problem reaching to specific objects even though the patient has no muscular or motor problems per se; and gaze apraxia, which describes the way the patient will struggle to move their eyes voluntarily or to keep fixated on an object. Ardila says “this is one of the clinical syndromes which has most contributed to the understanding of visual and spatial perception.”
Central Achromatopsia
This is the loss of the ability to perceive colours caused entirely by damage to parts of the brain, usually in the occipital or temporal lobe (located near the back and sides of the head), rather than to any problem with the eyes. It can co-occur with other conditions such as prosopagnosia, but importantly the ability to imagine or visualise colours is preserved. “Evidently this syndrome is crucial to understand the brain organisation of visual perception, particularly colour perception,” writes Ardila.
Pure-word Deafness
Patients with this condition display a profound problem understanding spoken language, even though their ability to read and to speak is completely unaffected. Patients describe speech sounding as if it is a barely audible whisper or as if it is a foreign language. Unlike other conditions that affect language comprehension, such as Wernicke's aphasia, pure-word deafness is considered a purely perceptual impairment and consistent with this, it is often associated with lesions to auditory processing regions in the brain.
Reduplicative Paramnesias
This extraordinary condition leads patients to believe that a particular place, such as their home or even an entire city, has been duplicated and is located in two places at once. Less often, patients may express the same belief about a person, a particular object or a body part. Forms of reduplicative paramnesia have some similarities with other delusional syndromes to do with identity, such as capgras syndrome in which the patient believes one or more of their relatives or friends have been replaced with imposters; Frégoli syndrome, the belief that someone, usually a perceived stalker, is repeatedly changing their appearance; and intermetamorphosis – the belief that someone has transformed into another person. The evidence suggests that reduplicative paramnesias for place are often associated with damage to the right hemisphere of the brain, and are perhaps more likely due to this organic damage, whereas Ardila proposes that the other delusional identity syndromes may more often have a psychological cause.
Somatoparaphrenia
First described in 1942, patients with this syndrome deny owning one or more of their limbs on the opposite side of their body to where they have damage in their brains. The syndrome tends to co-occur with another syndrome known as anosognosia, which is a denial of an impairment, such as paralysis to a limb. Somatoparaphrenia can also be seen as a more extreme version of hemiasomatognosia, which is a lack of awareness of one's own limb(s). Curiously, patients with somatoparaphrenia may recognise an affected limb as theirs when they see it in a mirror. Ardila says the condition, which has been associated with lesions to multiple regions in the brain, is little understood and may partly be a psychiatric condition (a form of delusion) as well as neurological. “In this regard, the analysis of somatoparaphrenia may contribute to further our understanding about the neurological bases of psychosis,” they write.
—Some Unusual Neuropsychological Syndromes: Somatoparaphrenia, Akinetopsia, Reduplicative Paramnesia, Autotopagnosia
—Some Rare Neuropsychological Syndromes: Central Achromatopsia, Bálint's Syndrome, Pure Word-Deafness, Supplementary Motor Area Aphasia
Image: A woodcut illustration from Andreas Vesalius' 1543 treatise on anatomy, De Humani Corporis Fabrica. (Photo by © CORBIS/Corbis via Getty Images)
Christian Jarrett (@Psych_Writer) is Editor of BPS Research Digest
Occupy Boston protesters are facing eviction after the city's mayor gave them a deadline of midnight to leave their encampment.
Demonstrators have been camped at Dewey Square since late September, but on Wednesday lost a bid to legally remain in the space.
Mayor Tom Menino has previously been sympathetic to the occupation, but issued the midnight ultimatum on Thursday morning. Occupy Boston swiftly responded by calling for people to gather at their camp tonight to try to prevent an eviction.
The Boston Globe reported that Menino made the comments before a news conference this morning.
"If not, we'll take further action," the Globe quoted Menino as saying.
A spokesperson for Menino told the Guardian the deadline of midnight Wednesday was accurate. They were unable to elaborate on whether protesters would be forceably evicted.
Occupy Boston had previously been granted a restraining order which prevented Boston police from evicting the protest from Dewey Square, however this was overturned yesterday. At the same court hearing the group's motion for a preliminary injunction, which would also protect them from eviction, was rejected.
On Wednesday night Menino said following the decision "the city will act appropriately to fulfill our duty to preserve the public's peace and safety."
The @Occupy_Boston Twitter feed was swift to respond to Menino's ultimatum, posting: "If you support #occupyboston please come to camp tonight and help defend the 1st amendment and the 99%."
Before this week Menino had said they had no plans to evict protesters, but on Tuesday they appeared to be losing patience with the city's occupation, telling reporters the group were "aiming their fire at the wrong place".
"Mayors can't do much about what they're talking about. It's the Congress and the Senate but nobody's talking to them at all. They come at mayors," the Boston Herald quoted Menino as saying.
This is the Top 10 Bleeding Cool Bestseller List, as compiled by a number of comic stores from their sales on Wednesday and Thursday. It measures what are known as the “Wednesday Warriors”, those who can't wait to the weekend to get this week's comics. We salute you, and the keenness you bring to your passion.
And every single reporting store had Doomsday Clock #2 by Geoff Johns and Gary Frank as their number one.Across the board, with almost all followingup with the Metal-spinoff Hawkman Found. Phoenix Resurrection lagged behind….
Doomsday Clock #2 Hawkman Found #1 Phoenix Resurrection #1 Amazing Spider-Man #793 Detective Comics #971 Action Comics #994 Teen Titans #15 Flash #37 Wonder Woman #37 Thanos #14
Thanks to the following retailers,
And this is what they have to say,
Doomsday Clock dominated again, with both covers outselling (individually even) everything else – though HAWKMAN FOUND would have ranked higher had we ordered more. Wish we had seen the METAL cover design/beforehand – would have ordered more.
—–
Doomsday Clock blew the competition away. Especially that beautiful Lex Luthor cover. Phoenix Resurrection and Amazing Spider-Man topped the sales for Marvel this week.
—–
While DC won for the week with the top 3 slots, Marvel managed to tie them with 5 books placing on the list. There's measurable excitement growing for Donny Cates' work on THANOS, and Moon Knight managed to sneak in as well. That said, DOOMSDAY CLOCK sold more than 2nd through 5th place combined– the dominant force and payer of our bills this week.
——
Big week for books, ok week for sales. Even BigTwo split. On the bottom half of the list Teen Titans falls slightly to below Action, Iron Man, and X-Men: Blue with a surprise of Deadpool making the list at #10. Never thought I'd see a Hawkman book as the second best seller of the week yet here we are. As with nearly all Metal tie-ins our store did not order enough and sold out on Wednesday. Phoenix did well enough to make it to #5 on the list but with numbers far lower than the rest of the upper five. Spider-Man is doing well again at #3 for the week but nothing could touch a sequel to some 80's book.
——
Marvel had 6 spots on my top ten this week. Amazing. Hawkman Found came in at number 3. Hawkman has never charted so high in my store, ever. Doomsday Clock was number 1 by a mile, of course. I'm looking forward to next week when all our regulars are back in town. Happy New Year.
——
Doomsday Clock takes the top spot at FFF, outselling every other book on the shelf by at least 20 copies. Hawkman Found was our second best seller followed by Detective Comics. Phoenix Resurrection was the first Marvel book in our Top Ten with a pretty solid first week. Hopefully people stay interested in a weekly $4 book enough to keep sales strong. Amazing Spider-Man actually managed to sneak into the #10 spot to keep Phoenix company. Metal #4 made it to #8 on it's second week.
For our Top Twenty, Doomsday Clock continues to sell well, outselling most new books from the week. Thanos fell just outside the Top Ten selling one less copy than Amazing Spider-Man. Batman Creature of the Knight definitely fell off a bit, which is shame for such a good mini, but with all the other Bat-centric books coming out right now it definitely suffers from a lack of publicity.
Redneck and Outcast were the only indie books to make it into the Top Twenty. Both come from big names with solid fanbases so it's no surprise to see them sell. It is a little shocking to see that Redneck actually hasn't sold more this week. But we definitely don't push it as hard as we do Babyteeth.
—–
DC secured the number one and two spots in the final week of the year with a one-two punch of smash hit event comics: DOOMSDAY CLOCK #2 and Metal tie-in HAWKMAN FOUND #1. Marvel didn't slack off, though, and their lenticular-covered PHOENIX RESURRECTION #1 came in at a strong third place.
DC staples ACTION COMICS and DETECTIVE COMICS round off the top half of the list, while everyone's favorite neighborhood arachnid is crawling all over the bottom half: AMAZING SPIDER-MAN #793, SPIDER-MEN II #5, and AMAZING SPIDER-MAN RENEW YOUR VOWS #14 all made our top 10.
—–
Doomsday Clock dominated once again this week, selling nearly double the next bestselling comic, Phoenix Resurrection. That's not to say that The Return of Jean Grey #1 wasn't a good draw; it just wasn't enough to take on Doomsday Clock. However, it's worth noting that if this list weren't made up of just issues, Saga Volume 8 would've been our runner-up this week.
—–
DC sweeps all ten spots in our store this week, with Marvel missing by two copies as Amazing Spider-Man #793 barely lost out to Justice League of America for 10th place. The drop-off on Star Wars titles is almost startling–a major Star Wars film is in theatres right now, and our numbers on most Star Wars books have fallen by 15%.
About Rich Johnston Chief writer and founder of Bleeding Cool. Father of two. Comic book clairvoyant. Political cartoonist.
(Last Updated )
Related Posts
None found
Petr Cech could be the next Arsenal captain after making a huge impact in their first season at the club.
Mikel Arteta is currently the club captain but the Spaniard is set to leave when their contract expires this summer.
The keeper's communication skills, in particular, have impressed manager Arsene Wenger, who already views Cech, who speaks five languages, as one of the primary leaders of their squad.
Petr Cech could be the next Arsenal captain after making impact at the club following their move from Chelsea
The Czech keeper featured in the 2-1 win over Leicester on Sunday as the Gunners made ground on the top
Per Mertesacker is vice captain, but given Arteta's bit-part role the German has led the team out for much of the season.
Given Wenger's loyalty to Mertesacker, the armband could yet go to the World Cup winner on a full-time basis with Cech as vice captain.
But with Mertesacker's place as a certain starter in doubt, Cech could take the lead role.
Arsene Wenger has been impressed with the keeper's communication skills viewing them as a leader
Mikel Arteta is the current captain but has been injured for much of the campaignb but will leave in summer
Meanwhile, Arsenal boss Wenger is sweating on the fitness of central defensive-pairing Laurent Koscielny and Gabriel.
Koscielny, who suffered a dead leg in the win over Leicester, is hopeful of facing Barcelona in the Champions League on Tuesday, but is set to miss the FA Cup tie against Hull on Saturday.
A 67-YEAR-OLD FAMILY man was caught with over €3,000 worth of heroin after a car crash, a court has heard.
Hussein Shahrohki, of Ballyogan Green, Carrickmines, Dublin, was given a one year suspended sentence at Dublin Circuit Criminal Court for having the drugs, worth €3,300, on 19 April 2012.
The pensioner smokes two €20 bags of heroin a week sitting outside their home in their car and told gardai they wouldn't sell the drug as that would go “against their religious beliefs”.
Defence counsel James Dwyer BL told the court:
In Persian culture, the use of opiates is far more permissive there than it is in Ireland. Here, heroin is the only available opiate.
Shahrohki, a carpet maker originally from Iran, was involved in a car crash on Leinster Road in Rathmines on 19 April 2012.
Garda Michael Cunningham said that when they attended the scene, they discovered the man was “unsteady on their feet”.
The father-of-two was taken to Rathmines Garda station and ordered to supply blood and urine samples.
At this point, Garda Cunningham became aware they had discarded a bag containing brown powder which they discovered was heroin.
Mr Dwyer told the court: “Neighbours described them as extremely popular in the community, extremely helpful, a kind and generous, caring man with a genuinely good heart who lives for their family.”
Judge Patricia Ryan said they took into account the “serious nature” of the crime and the amount of drugs while also taking into account the accused's guilty plea.
More from the courts:
Researchers from the University of California at Davis (USA) and the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Leipzig (Germany) present a virtual reconstruction of a female Neanderthal pelvis from Tabun (Israel).
Although the size of Tabun's reconstructed birth canal shows that Neanderthal childbirth was about as difficult as in present-day humans, the shape indicates that Neanderthals retained a more primitive birth mechanism than modern humans. The virtual reconstruction of the pelvis from Tabun is going to be the first of its kind to be available for download on the internet for everyone interested in the evolution of humankind (PNAS, April 20th, 2009).
Childbirth in humans is more complicated than in other primates. Unlike the situation in great apes, human babies are about the same size as the birth canal, making passage difficult. The birth mechanism, a series of rotations the baby must undergo to successfully navigate its mother's birth canal, distinguishes humans not only from great apes but also from lesser apes and monkeys.
It has been difficult to trace the evolution of human childbirth because the pelvic skeleton, which forms the margins of the birth canal, tends to survive poorly in the fossil record. Only three fossil female individuals preserve fairly complete birth canals, and they all date to earlier phases of human evolution.
Tim Weaver of the University of California (Davis, USA) and Jean-Jacques Hublin, director at the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Leipzig (Germany) now present a virtual reconstruction of a female Neanderthal pelvis from Tabun (Israel). The size of Tabun's reconstructed birth canal shows that Neanderthal childbirth was about as difficult as in present-day humans. However, its shape indicates that Neanderthals retained a more primitive birth mechanism than modern humans, without rotation of the baby's body.
A significant shift in childbirth apparently happened quite late in human evolution, during the last 400,000 - 300,000 years. Such a late shift underscores the uniqueness of human childbirth and the divergent evolutionary trajectories of Neanderthals and the lineage leading to present-day humans.
The virtual reconstruction of the pelvis from Tabun is going to be the first of its kind to be available for download on the internet for everyone interested in human evolution. The computer files will be available from the websites of University of California at Davis and the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology.
An undeterred State. Sen. Josh McKoon reiterated plans to reintroduce another “religious freedom” bill in the upcoming legislative session, setting up another showdown with the LGBT community and major corporations on one side and McKoon and other religious conservatives on the other.
“Religious pluralism is one of the foundation stones of this country,” McKoon tells Creative Loafing. “Sending a message that people of every faith are welcome in this state, and don't have to worry about government trampling their right to free exercise, is something we should want to champion.”
McKoon says their 2014 bill was mischaracterized as an attempt to copycat an Arizona measure that would have given business owners the right to refuse services to gay people. They say the controversial bill, which Gov. Jan Brewer ultimately vetoed, was different from RFRA legislation (Arizona enacted a RFRA law in 1999). “This discussion about denial of services, the so-called ‘right to discriminate,' and other things just frankly were not in any way representative of what the legislation would do,” McKoon says. “[My bill] sends the opposite message that Georgia is welcoming and a great place to be.”
Of course, this hasn't convinced LGBT activists who say the legislation could lead to LGBT discrimination based on religious grounds.
“People's individual religious views needs to be respected, but that's why we have the First Amendment in this country,” Georgia Equality executive director Jeff Graham tells CL. “We run into problems when people's religious views feel the need to trump the law and deny important services to others.”
The bills, called the “Preservation of Religious Freedom Act,” were introduced in both the state House and Senate in the last session, leading to fierce opposition from the state Democratic Party, LGBT advocacy groups and the LGBT community as a whole.
Politicians, community leaders, religious leaders, business owners and private citizens packed a Feb. 25 House subcommittee meeting to show their opposition to the bills, with openly gay Rep. Simone Bell giving a particularly memorable, impassioned speech.
Corporate powerhouses like Delta Air Lines, Intercontinental Hotels Group, Home Depot and Coca-Cola came out against the bills. The bills later died thanks in no small part to the vocal opposition against them.
The fight to head McKoon and others off at the pass before reintroducing the bill started in August, when activists took to Facebook by creating a “Tell Josh McKoon No RFRA in GA” page. Then in late October, the Georgia Chamber of Commerce sounded off by releasing a policy statement declaring strong opposition against any such bills.
“Practices that open the door to discrimination or create the perception that Georgia supports a discriminatory business environment would threaten our competitiveness,” Chamber spokesperson Joselyn Baker told the AJC. “It would likely discourage some investments, and possibly affect our ability to attract the kind of quality workforce that we need for the future.”
psaunders@thegavoice.com | @patricksaunders
“Ju know, they say eet was the hoosbands fault,” announced the thirty something Mexican immigrant who was cutting my hair that day, two months before 9/11 changed the world. The big story of the moment was not about terrorists or toppled buildings, but about Andrea Yates, the Houston area mother of five that snuffed the life out of all of their children a mere half hour from where I live. And my stylist, using up every word of almost English in their repertoire, was attempting to ‘splain to me how the whole mess could rightly be hung on the man.
“Oh, yeah?” I asked, unsurprised at the stupid remark, but too far into the haircut to get up and walk. “Who are they?” I was instantly pissed and made no effort to hide it.
They looked a bit nonplussed, then shrugged and said, “Somebody says eet on the noose.” They sounded less self assured; feebly attempting to distance themselves from the remark. Apparently, the language barrier didn't prevent them from picking up the tone in my voice.
I didn't bother trying to educate them It was clear they had been in America for a short time, just long enough to learn how to cut hair and trash men in a second language, but they were already beyond redemption. The absence of a tip and my repeat business would have to serve as my first and last retort.
I am sure by now they can rattle off misandric invectives in impeccable English. After all, they have the entire western world for a classroom.
Canada has made some recent additions to the lesson plan.
Ontario's Elaine Campione was really mad at their estranged husband, so they murdered their two daughters, Serena 3, and Sophia, 19 months, by drowning them both in the bathtub. It was reminiscent of the Yates case, only the attempts to issue this woman a pussy pass were significantly less veiled, and, so far, less successful.
In The Canadian Press's coverage of the trial, which resulted in two convictions for first degree murder, the first three words of the article were, “An abusive husband.”
We can at least credit them for cutting to the chase. Before telling us about the crime, the accused, the verdict or the sentencing, The Canadian Press wanted to make sure that we knew who the guilty party really was. I mean, surely it wasn't the woman who held the heads of those two little girls underwater till their tiny lungs filled with water and the life slipped from them forever. No, never. Not in Houston and not in Canada.
“You know, they say it was the husbands fault, eh!”
The judge in the case was apparently offended in equal proportion to The Canadian Press. Justice Alfred Stong was quoted as saying, after the verdict was read, “It is more than disconcerting to think that if Ms. Campione had not been so abused, so used and discarded as a person, their two daughters could still be alive.”
There was, however, a peculiar reality that seemed to escape both reporters and Justice Stong. The “abuse” of Campione by their husband was only alleged. There was no proof offered the court that they ever laid a hand on her, not that it would have justified their actions if they used them for a daily punching bag. But that is a really big if. Unlike them killing their own children, the allegations about Mr. Campione amounted to nothing more than finger pointing by a murdering lunatic. The only proven abuse in the case at all was that of the murders, committed and admitted by the mother, who was diagnosed with Borderline Personality Traits. (Quick, call Dr. Palmatier, she'll be shocked to know a borderline did something evil.)
Unfortunately for the press and the Canadian legal system, the jury in the case annoyingly listened to the evidence and voted for a conviction in accordance with the law. Pesky thing, the law. One might think that Canada will do something about that as soon as possible. After all, how can that father, who didn't murder anyone, who wasn't even charged with a crime, just be allowed to walk free?
I mean, aside from their dead children, they are probably laughing it up right now.
Oh, were this the isolated case. But it is not.
It was pretty much the same with murdering Canadian mother Penny Boudreau, who strangled their daughter to death and half stripped them when dumping their body to make it look like a sex crime.
The headline from Mail Online?
‘Mummy, don't': Woman kills their only daughter, 12, after boyfriend says, ‘It's the child or me'
As far as going to disgusting levels in search of a pussy pass, this one takes the cake. Lots of people with stepchildren or who date people with children come to stand off's in the relationship regarding the kids. Be careful what you say though, guys. If they kill them you are likely to end up in a headline with blood dripping from your name.
Your vilification will be a lot more important to the press, and perhaps even the courts, than in finding truth or justice.
It's one more reason to steer clear of single mothers.
But the more overarching problem here can be summed up in two words.
Dead children.
What we excuse, we enable. And what we enable, we get, in ever increasing amounts. When enabling women to excuse, rationalize, justify and shift blame, even over their most heinous acts, we will pay for it. Sometimes the dues are paltry. Sometimes payment comes in little caskets.
Read the news story on the Campione case. What you will find is a press and a judge doing everything in their power to coddle and pity a murderess. You will read statements by politicians pledging to investigate in the aftermath of this tragedy. There will be reports on the Canadian mental health system. There will be cries for even more attention and support for “abused” women, if that is even possible. There will be the expected and obligatory condemnations of abusive men.
And the kids will keep dying.
Until our justice system starts considering what this means, it should be impossible to listen to anyone in government who talks about “the best interest of the child,” without laughing directly in their face.
Or perhaps spitting in it.
Much of the trial information, even as related in the highly biased Canadian news story, points to the distinct possibility that Campiones real motive for killing their children was because their husband was going after custody. They may well have been doing everything in their power to protect them from a mother with a history of presenting a danger to them children.
If so, they would appear to be the only person in Canada that ever had an interest in that at all.
Where was this man's help? Where is the outrage that they have lost their children? Where is anyone who even gives a shit?
We don't have time to give a shit. We are too busy babysitting and holding the hands that killed two innocent children.
And we are too busy pretending that we are actually doing something else.
Support us AD-FREE Producing content you read on this website takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work. If you value what we do here, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
A 50 meters long and four meters deep crater has opened on the Baltic island Mecklenburg-Vorpommern. The cause of the landslide still puzzled geologists. In the middle of a field at Zirchow gapes the mysterious hole.
What exactly happened here? Harry Strohm from the State Agency of Geology said that surface water probably dug into this groove. This may be part of an earlier hole in GDR times. By the holes under the ground, the earth could be now collapsed. So far there have been no landslides though the cause of the crater is still unknown. Usedom may not be in any danger. A geologist is yet to figure out if the hole will increase in size.(Bild)
The island is separated to the east from the neighbouring island of Wolin by the Świna strait (or river), which is the main route connecting Szczecin Bay with the Pomeranian Bay, a part of the Baltic Sea. The strait between the island and the mainland are called Peenestrom; it is an underwater extension of the valley of the Peene river, which flows into the westernmost part of Szczecin Bay. The island is mostly plain, partly covered by marshes. (Wikipedia)
The coast of Usedom Island is characterised by active cliff sections consisting of Pleistocene till, sand and low lying barriers of marine sand that accumulated during the Holocene.
The recent phase of sea-level rise causes coastal retreat along the cliffs as well as in some barrier sections. To analyse how the coastline has reacted over the past 200 years, historical maps and aerial photos were analysed.
To predict the change of the coastline and the morphodynamics in the next 100 years a model was developed considering both alternating wave climate and sea-level rise, but no coastal protection measures.
Based on scenarios provided by the Swedish Meteorological and Hydrological Institute it could be shown that the trend observed in the past will continue in the future. However, the main impact of wave energy might decrease due to a changing distribution of wind directions, whereas an accelerated sea level rise will lead to higher transgression rates.
A new GIS-tool developed during the SEAREG project is potentially helpful for long-term spatial planning aspects. The tool assists in determining and assessing flood prone areas. The tool can be used based on data sets and scenarios currently available for planners. After setting different input themes like area of interest, land use, and protected areas, the user is able to overlay them, whereby the tool creates a raster. Thereby it is possible to valuate the information in different ways. Finally, the tool summarises the results of the different themes and fills the cells of a result raster with sums. This step generates an integrated result map. For the application of the GIS-tool it was proved necessary to create a new elevation model. With a resolution of 0.5 m it is more accurate than all other currently available models. (GSF.fi)
Affected areas of concern on Usedom Island are the low-lying barriers. Analysis of the data sets has shown that in all scenarios mainly agricultural areas will be affected, especially grasslands developed on drained fens (tab. 1). This is due to historical reasons as the old settlements are traditionally located on higher places. (GSF.fi)
Register/become a supporter
Your support is crucial for our survival. It makes this project fully self-sustainable and keeps us independent and focused on the content we love to create and share.
Monthly subscription Subscription options Option 1 : $5.00 USD - monthly Option 2 : $10.00 USD - monthly Option 3 : $15.00 USD - monthly Option 4 : $25.00 USD - monthly Option 5 : $50.00 USD - monthly Option 6 : $100.00 USD - monthly Yearly subscription Subscription options Option 1 : $50.00 USD - yearly Option 1 : $100.00 USD - yearly
Bill Maher, the host of Real Time on HBO, a man who never fears giving their viewpoint on almost any subject, has an opinion on how to solve the Syrian refugee crisis, whether you like it or not.
“I don't know why we don't create some sort of system where we could train [Syrian refugees] to then go back to their own country and then fight for that country. Doesn't somebody have to stay in the Middle East and make the Middle East a better place to live?”
Well, Bill Maher makes a good point there. When you see people streaming out of Syria in numbers not seen since WWII, one can't help but wonder who is left in Syria to rebuild the country or fight?
The discussion about this topic, which was part of the show's Overtime segment from Friday, which runs on-line after the show ends on HBO, begins at the 5:33 mark.
And, there appears to be no shortage of refugees who could be in a position to fight. International Business Times reports that, of the total number of refugees flooding into the Europe, 23 percent are Syrian and a whopping 75 percent are male, while only 12 percent are women and 13 percent children. This raises some interesting questions. For example, where ARE the women, children and elderly who are the absolute most vulnerable in this situation? And, as Bill Maher points out, how many of these men could be helping to fight for their country as opposed to going to Europe?
Of course, it isn't quite as simple as saying “These men should be fighting for their country!!” as Jillian Kay Melchior of National Review explained to Bill Maher, as quoted by Real Clear Politics.
“I talked to one Syrian guy, a young guy, and they were basically saying they feel pinched in the middle. They don't support Assad — he's going to get cracked down on that. They don't like the Islamic State, either. They don't have weapons. They don't have anything to fight with. What's they going to do?”
Syrian refugees? Ya, Bill Maher has a solution for that. [Photo by Astrid Stawiarz/Getty Images]
But, what are the Syrian refugees, particularly these young men, going to do in Europe? According to an article in the National Review by Melchior, they explain the reason many young men are among the refugees is that families decide to send the young men or fathers to make the journey, which is often referred to as perilous. The plan is that once the male refugees are granted legal status, they would be able to bring their families over.
This raises another concern. Roughly 1.5 million refugees are expected to flood into Europe by the end of the year. If 75 percent of those are men, and they are wanting to bring their families over, the number of people ultimately making the trip would explode. If the Syrian refugees flooding into Europe brought even just one extra person over, that would be 3 million refugees. Bill Maher may have an overly simplistic idea of how to solve the refugee crisis, but it is also fairly clear that this amount of refugees may be nearly impossible to deal with for Europe.
The bottom line is that some of the Syrian refugees will be disappointed and angry when their plans don't come to fruition after risking their lives and spending a massive chunk of money to get to Europe. Refugees are flooding in with great hopes of a better life, of some kind of safe-haven Utopia where they can build a better life. Too often, this is an over glorified, unrealistic view of what Europe really is.
Male Syrian refugee takes selfie with Angela Merkel. [Photo by Sean Gallup/Getty Images]
And what will these lead to? As it is, when it comes to radicalization of Muslims in Europe, common factors that contribute to the problem are poverty, a feeling of alienation, a sense that they are being let down or rejected by the state, a sense of injustice, etc. So, what happens when these young men don't have their lofty dreams fulfilled? Will they turn to, shall we say, the dark side?
There have been problems with some of the male refugees already. There have been riots at borders, battles with police and right-wing groups, and fights within refugee camps. Authorities are frustrated because they have to be careful what ethnic and religious groups they put together in refugee centers to prevent strife. That isn't to make the situation sound out of control or disastrous. But to say there are no problems among male refugees would be false as well.
Yes, Bill Maher puts up an oversimplified “solution” to help Syrian refugees, and it obviously isn't the only approach to take. However, if some of these men coming in were to be offered money, weapons, and guidance in how to form a decent opposition group, and then were sent back, could that both help Syria and help alleviate the refugee crisis? Bill Maher has an opinion on the Syrian refugee crisis. How about you?
[Photo Christopher Polk/Getty Images]
Two motorcycleborne assailants shot at the Punjab vice-president of Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS), Brigadier Jagdish Gagneja (retd), leaving them seriously injured in the heart of Jalandhar just after 8pm on Saturday. By 11pm, two of the three bullets had been removed at the local Patel Hospital, and they were stated to be stable, doctors said.
Brigadier Gagneja is a wellknown face of the RSS in Punjab. As seh-prant sanghchalak, they coordinated between the Punjab BJP, RSS and central leadership for all organisational and government affairs.
The RSS leader, who was accompanied by their wife Sudesh, was shot at when they were returning after shopping at Red Cross Market.
They stopped their Maruti Swift car to answer the call of nature a few metres from their car when the two men with faces covered also brought their motorcycle to a halt and shot at him. They were apparently following the RSS leader.
According to eyewitnesses, the attackers fired three bullets that hit Brigadier Gagneja in the chest and stomach. The youth fled after firing in the air, triggering panic the busy market. They managed to flee despite the crowd and police nakas (checkpoints) in place.
RSS and top state BJP leaders reached the hospital soon after. Additional police force was rushed when former minister and Jalandhar Central MLA Manoranjan Kalia rang up state DGP Suresh Arora.
Police commissioner Arpit Shukla said efforts were on to arrest the attackers. Chief minister Parkash Singh Badal and their deputy Sukhbir Singh Badal have condemned the attack on the state RSS vicepresident.
GOVT CONSTITUTES SIT
Following Sukhbir's directions, DGP Suresh Arora has constituted a special investigation team (SIT) under the leadership of IPS Sahota, ADGP-cumdirector, Bureau of Investigation to investigate the attack on the RSS leader. A Punjab Police spokesperson said other members of the team are commissioner of police Arpit Shukla, IGP Nilabh Kishore and AIG Amarjit Singh Bajwa.
Condemning the attack, state BJP chief Vijay Sampla appealed to the people of Punjab and party workers to maintain peace and harmony.He also called an emergency meeting of the core group of the party on August 7 at Jalandhar.
The party has cancelled a meeting of new office-bearers and MLAs scheduled to be held on Sunday in Ludhiana.
State Congress chief Captain Amarinder Singh has also condemned the attack on Gagneja. Such attacks don't portend well for Punjab. Such nefarious designs deserve to be nipped in the bud lest these push the state into anarchy,” they said.
Attacks in Punjab in 2016
Jan 18 Two unidentified assailants try to killRSS volunteerin Ludhiana.
April 4 Chand Kaur, 88, wife of former head of the Namdhari sect, wasshot deadby two assailants at Bhaini Sahib near Ludhiana.
April 23 Two unidentified motorcycle-borne assailantsgun downPunjab Shiv Sena leader Durga Prasad Gupta at Khanna.
May 17 Sikh preacher Ranjit Singh Dhadrianwale had a miraculous escape when agroup of heavily armed Sikh youth sprayed bullets at their carthat left their follower dead
May 21 Unidentifiedassailants lynched a law student, Manpreet Singh in full public view at Hoshiarpur.
First Published: Aug 06, 2016 21:31 IST
It seems Maureen “Ma Dukes” Yancey has been in one battle after the other since their son, J. Dilla passed away from Lupus-related complications in 2006. The birth of the J. Dilla Foundation—which serves to develop and enhance urban music programs in inner-city academia—endured a contentious squabble over the legal rights to use Dilla's name and likeness. The circus subsided in 2010 when Arthur Erik was replaced by Alex Borden as administrator in charge.
Simultaneously while mourning their son and fighting for control of their estate, Ma Dukes also battled their own Lupus-related health issues. With all of that in the background, Mrs. Yancey felt verbally disrespected by one of Dilla's friends and collaborators, House Shoes. Shoes targeted Yancey Media Group CEO Jonathan Taylor and Ma Dukes for posthumous release, Rebirth of Detroit in an interview with HipHopDX.
“Basically the cat that put that shit together, Jonathan Taylor, is a joker,” they told DX in 2012. “My mother knows I make music, but they don't know a damn thing else besides that. If I leave this earth tomorrow, I don't want them in charge of any of that shit, I want all my boys who I fucked with on a regular basis and my core circle to be in charge, because they have a strong knowledge of the music that I have on deck. They know how I would like that shit to be presented to the world.” They also disparaged Mrs. Yancey in a series of tweets over the years, most of which have since been deleted (though some of the reactionary tweets are included in this article). After what they describe as three years of disrespect, for the first time, Ma Dukes tells the complete story of their fallout with House Shoes.
House Shoes' Friendship With J. Dilla
“The rockiness began around 2011. It was before my first release from the record label I started in Detroit. I was working on [Rebirth of Detroit] with different artists from the city, trying to get those that maybe had worked with Dilla. Some of them never made it out the gate and never got a chance to record or tour. Knowing my son and who they were when they aren't pressured, they would've wanted them to get a chance to get out the gate. They never took time to work with anybody at all if they thought you had no potential. Even people that might've been in our church family, they didn't care if you were the pastor, if they didn't feel like you had potential they didn't have the time of day for you. [Laughs] That's how they were as an individual. They didn't bite their tongue. They just told it like it was. I had to respect them because they never changed. That's simply how they are. When it came to their music and their time, they didn't waste any.
“House Shoes was supposed to be a part of the Rebirth of Detroit project initially. They were in California. I was working with Jonathan Taylor. They were a friend of House Shoes. They had history that I wasn't aware of going back some years. Dilla had made acquaintance with them during the time that House Shoes resided at Mr. Taylor's home at some point prior to Dilla's passing. They were going to be the [Rebirth of Detroit] tour representative. The plan was to do this collaboration then get the artists ready to tour. Some of the artists that were on the collaboration still travel and never stopped traveling. House Shoes was supposed to be the tour director. I had no problem with Shoes at that time. It was all good to me.
“He started off helping the J Dilla Foundation when it was first organized. When I was in Los Angeles, Karriem Riggins' manager Jae Barber helped me to establish the Foundation in 2006. The same month that Dilla passed away we filed for the rights to do that and we had attorneys set it up California. When I came back to Detroit, I was very ill. I really didn't do anything for the first year. I had neglected my health when I was in California taking care of Dilla. House Shoes came by the home to see about me just like everyone in the community. My first year meeting House Shoes was the last year of Dilla's life. I had never met them before. I had never made acquaintance with him. I knew it was some guy at a record shop that they would see and exchange records with, but I had never met them face-to-face and had only heard their name a couple times. That's neither here nor there because parents don't always know everything. [Laughs] I had no qualms with him.
Control Over J. Dilla's Legacy
“Dilla signed with Stones Throw when they came to California. Their collaboration with Madlib was long distance except when they came to California for the video shoot. But they were still in Detroit when Champion Sound was laid down. When they moved to California in late 2004, they were quite ill. I think they were there maybe a month before they had another setback and I had to rush to California overnight to see about him. I got there and they were already hospitalized. It happened really fast and took a long period of time. Shoes had given the impression that they were Dilla's best friend. That's not harmful to anyone. The problem came about when, if you're someone's best friend, the first question is if your mom's never met them and she's who you lived with and handled your business even when traveling. I was their personal assistant by their request because they didn't trust anyone else but their mom. That's one thing.
“I met them at Dilla's hospital bed side that last year. It was the week of their birthday. Shoes showed up at the hospital. They came in the room with a bunch of balloons blown up. I was like, ‘Who is this guy?' Karriem asked the question, ‘What is they doing here?' They were talking with other people in the room. Dave New York was there. The room was always filled with people, either [people from] Stones Throw or guys from Cali or anyone who came to town. It was like that everyday. I had no questions at that time. My concern was whether my son would make it another day. All the trivial things didn't matter anyway. I think on the backside of Shoes moving to Cali and me being there with Dilla and Common for the two years, people made an assumption. Then when Illa J called me right after Dilla passed and said they wanted to talk. They wanted to talk about moving to Cali. They had finished two years of college and wanted to move to Cali to pursue music. Before Dilla had passed I would've told them to stay for their third year. But after Dilla passed I thought ‘No one's promised tomorrow' so I told them if that's what they really wants to do, of course.
“Shoes befriended Illa J and they got close. They spent lots of time together. They were closer than Shoes and Dilla ever were. Dilla didn't spend that kind of time with no one. If you weren't cutting a record or picking up something, your time was limited with them anyway. The only person they had time for without question was Questlove. Frank-N-Dank were by far the only best friends that he'd ever had. That's how it was. The descension came not because they fashioned themselves as Dilla's best friend. Stones Throw didn't know any better because they were new to Dilla. They came to Cali because Common wanted to find a different view of living for them because they were so ill and back-and-forth in the hospital in Detroit and becoming more depressed and their production was dwindling. More people were coming for work but deadlines had to be pushed back a couple of times. They aren't taking any new requests from anybody. They were so sick that they couldn't take a request that Eminem had for some production. They wanted to do something with Dilla and begged for it. That drove a wedge between their relationship. Eminem had no knowledge that Dilla was that ill because Dilla didn't want anyone to know.
“House Shoes, as tour manager, it was cool for them to be in charge of the calendar. But then they wanted to be in charge of who made the cut for the Rebirth of Detroit project and the tour. I was like, ‘No, it's not happening.' I didn't want just anyone to take over. I was coming into who I was and I totally wanted control. My son had prepared me while they were sick, even though I wouldn't listen. My desire was to beat this. They had an idea of how they wanted things to run [after they passed]. During the Rebirth, I'm trying to grow into what I needed to. I'm trying to grow up as an adult black woman who's carrying this thing for their son. I had a lot of people try to tell me they were going to do this or that and not to worry about it. When people say ‘They got you,' they usually do. If you're not wise enough and you don't pay enough attention, you'll find yourself on the outside looking in. I was trying to keep hold of this legacy moving forward. Shoes wanted control of Rebirth. Mr. Taylor and Shoes, I don't know how the relationship was with them, but I guess it was rocky. Neither seemed to respect the other too much even though they had been friends at one time. I wasn't giving up control to anyone especially someone of a different culture. There were no blacks controlling anything so I felt it was time for me to step up and do what I needed to do and to come into my own.
Online Slander
“What upset me was for three years, there was a lot of language going on online that I wasn't aware of. The dissension between Mr. Taylor and Shoes [played out on Twitter]. The only time I went on Twitter was to greet my people every morning and give them advice or something beautiful about the day or something positive to look forward to from the universe. That was all I did. I didn't go on there otherwise unless it was to Direct Message someone. Other than that you don't see me on Twitter. So I'd heard about the back-and-forth, but I'd never check because that was something I didn't indulge in. I'd been Christian for over 60 years. I'm at peace. I'm doing what I have to do within the emotional space right now. That's not to try to stir up anything negative. That seems be the only direction [House Shoes] would go. There were lewd remarks about me and even remarks and suggestions about me with my own son that they would say. A few people did keep the texts because they wondered when I was going to say something. But I had no knowledge up until 2014 of the language and what was said. Even though Mr. Taylor doesn't work for me anymore and I had let them go because I felt they were not a bright enough man to represent my son and their legacy because of how they carried themselves and the way that they spoke to women in general. Sometimes their language was disrespectful to others. They could not represent my son because that's not the kind of people that we are. They did not comply with that. They wanted to be who they were so I did not need them on my team anymore. I was beginning to be the subject of the language that they and [House Shoes] used and saying horrible things that I can't repeat. This went on for three years.
“When I was asked finally to say something, I went on Facebook and made a statement that I don't wish them any ill. I just prayed that he'd be a better person because they have children. I hoped no one would disrespect their children's mother in a manner that I have been disrespected. That was how I had to leave it because I can't have people thinking that I'm changing who I am. I'm not going to stoop to their level to communicate. They texted me after a lot of people jumped on them offended by what they said. How can you call yourself a friend of someone or care about someone and their legacy and speak such rottenness about another human being—unfounded and total lies. It's the kind of thing that shouldn't come from any human at all. I still have the text where they said they were sorry and that they didn't know why they said those things. They asked what they could do to make it better, but, after three years, I wanted nothing to do with it. My husband could not believe that I had not addressed it.
The Final Straw
https://twitter.com/HouseShoes/status/496712459743277056?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw
ONCE AGAIN. The shit I said the other day was completely out of line. I want, need and am I trying to make amends.
PERIOD. — Uncle Shoes (@HouseShoes) August 6, 2014
“I moved last year to ask people that had hired them to represent my son overseas and different places to not use them for Dilla events. They'd text me and say, ‘We're gonna do another Dilla event. We're trying to get x-y-and-z to perform, do you have any suggestions?' My only request was that they not retain [House Shoes] for any tributes to my son because of their disrespect. With that understanding, I didn't have problems in Australia. They did the event for Spin Doctors who'd been strong supporters of the foundation each year. He'd already acquired their services a year earlier. I understood but I told them that I would not support the event online and I would not attend the UK event.
“[House Shoes disrespected me publicly] totally because of control. That's what men do. I wasn't willing to relinquish my authority to anyone. It didn't matter if it was them or anyone else. It was me simply trying to move to where Dilla wanted me. It was not about him. I hadn't spoken to them about it. If I had wanted a deejay, J. Rocc would've been the first one because they were closer to Dilla and at the home everyday. I knew them well. I don't like putting negatives out and if I can avoid it, I'll just let it slide. Now it's reached a point that I have said if it happens again, I'm going to walk down the street to the courthouse and file suit against him. It takes a hardened heart to do that kind of thing. I just felt like they would stop the ridiculousness when they saw that a couple of jobs were rescinded. They have children and I'd never wish to take things out of their children's mouth. But I could not continue to have them run rampant in my son's name.
“The straw that broke the camel's back was when I found out about the event that they had at the BET Awards. I was in LA that week because I had to speak with the estate about the upcoming 2015/2016 expectations. We try to stay on one accord and work side-by-side until we get this thing ironed out. I called a meeting and flew out there. There was no mention of the BET Awards. No one said anything. We were not contacted. What hurt was the deejay that was representing my son was House Shoes. It was enough that we were not invited, but to hire the one person that totally disrespected our family was another thing. I represent my family in everything that I do. That's what I live for. But to have someone abuse me in any manner possible publicly and say such horrible things about me to the public [is inexcusable]. If someone wants to pay homage to my son, they shouldn't use the person that tried to hurt the family. That's how I felt. For House Shoes to fashion themselves as my son's friend and to talk about their mom, you're definitely not a friend in any context and you're definitely my enemy. That's where that stands.”
House Shoes declined to comment for this story.
When an international tribunal last week pronounced the former Serbian commander Gen. Ratko Mladic guilty of genocide and sentenced them to spend the rest of their days in prison, it reinforced a pillar of civilization: No crime against humanity, no matter how long ago it occurred, should be immune to cries for justice. And no criminal is too old to be deservedly punished.
This is so if the person is 75 years old, like General Mladic. It is so even if they are much older, 94, and said to be in poor health. We're referring to Jakiw Palij, a Queens man who in their youth was a guard at Trawniki in Poland. It was a Nazi camp that trained men who carried out orders to round up Jews for extermination. They were volunteers in the Nazis' killing apparatus.
Mr. Palij has insisted they were never a collaborator. But the United States government determined in the early 2000's that they are, and that they lied their way into this country by claiming on arrival in 1949 to have been a Polish farmer. They were granted citizenship in 1957, but a federal judge revoked it in 2003. In 2005, a deportation order was issued. Yet they remain in Jackson Heights, Queens, and may well end their lives there, for two reasons.
One, they are not subject to American jurisprudence because the crimes were committed abroad and they are no longer a United States citizen. Two, no country wants him. Logical destinations are Germany, Poland or Ukraine, which now controls the part of Poland they came from. But they all say no. At the prodding of a yeshiva on Long Island, members of the New York congressional delegation recently sent a letter to Secretary of State Rex Tillerson urging them to, in effect, lean on those countries. Whether Mr. Tillerson will take their request to heart remains to be seen.
SHARE
2016 D1Baseball Preseason Top 25
OMAHA — Head coach Kevin O'Sullivan and the Florida Gators are still searching for the program's first national title, but they'll be favored to finally hoist the trophy in 2016, as the Gators are the nation's top-ranked team in the D1Baseball.com Preseason Top 25 rankings.
The Gators are coming off yet another successful campaign. In addition to going 52-18 overall in 2015, they reached the College World Series semifinals, where they dropped a tough contest to eventual national champion Virginia. UF welcomes back a plethora of key cogs from last year's club, including premium pitchers Logan Shore and A.J. Puk, hard-hitting JJ Schwarz and electric outfielder Buddy Reed, among others.
While the Gators lead the charge out of the Southeastern Conference, the league is well represented in the Top 25, as usual. The SEC leads all conferences with seven teams ranked, including fellow SEC Eastern Division foe Vanderbilt at No. 3., Texas A&M at No. 4, LSU at No. 7, Mississippi State at No. 15, South Carolina at No. 17 and Arkansas coming in at No. 25.
Defending national champion Virginia has some significant holes to fill and comes in at No. 13 in the preseason rankings. The Cavs are one of six ACC teams in the mix, led by No. 2 Louisville, No. 6 Miami and No. 10 N.C. State.
The Pac-12 places five teams in the rankings: No. 5 Oregon State, No. 9 California, No. 11 UCLA, No. 12 USC and No. 14 Oregon. Louisiana-Lafayette (18) and Coastal Carolina (24) headline teams from conferences deemed as mid-major. The Big 12 also is well represented in the rankings with three teams, including No. 8 Oklahoma State, No. 19 TCU and No. 23 Texas.
The D1Baseball.com Top 25 Rankings are released each week of the regular season and formulated by national writers Aaron Fitt and Kendall Rogers.
One of the funniest Easter eggs in Captain America: The Winter Soldier wasn't a reference to another Marvel property. It was a reference to Samuel L. Jackson's Jules Winfield character in Quentin Tarantino's 1994 classic Pulp Fiction. Maybe you caught it, maybe you didn't, but thanks to /Film and directors Anthony and Joe Russo, we have a little background on how it ended up in the film.
SPOILERS in case you haven't seen the movie yet.
.
.
.
.
At a certain point in the film we are led to believe that Nick Fury died. That's what they wanted Hydra to think. After they defeated Hydra and took down S.H.I.E.L.D., Fury, Cap, Falcon, and Black Widow meet in a graveyard at Fury's fake gravesite. Their tombstone had the following quote:
The path of the righteous man: Ezekiel 25: 17
That's part of a bible verse quote that Samuel L. Jackson quoted in Pulp Fiction. I've seen the movie twice so far, and the first audience I saw it with cracked up when they saw it. The second audience didn't even flinch at it. So who knows how many people caught it.
Here's the explanation of how the quote made the final cut:
Anthony Russo: Well yeah, we, I mean, we just, we kept trying to figure out what their tombstone should look like and we couldn't settle on anything like– Joe Russo: Like what would their epitaph be and, you know, we went through like maybe 10 iterations of their tombstone. And I remember was it–? Anthony: We were just sitting in visual effects one day. Joe: Dan Deleeuw, our effects supervisor, came up with the idea to do that. Anthony: I don't remember. Joe: I think it was. But again, you know, we're always because we're geeks and we love that kind of stuff, when we make movies, we're always trying to put it in the movies, our movies for other people, our TV shows. So it's better to put something in there that is a wink and a smile and excites people than just something bland, you know?
I loved that they threw that in there. It was a fun surprise.
BATON ROUGE, La. (AP) — A federal judge in Louisiana who took medical leave for treatment of severe alcoholism said Friday there are no grounds to challenge cases resolved in their court.
"I'm not going to downplay the alcohol problem," U.S. District Judge Patricia Minaldi said in interview with KPLC-TV and The American Press of Lake Charles.
But, they added, proceedings were halted "if there ever was an indication" that they were unable to handle their duties due to alcohol.
"There have been thousands and thousands of cases that I have handled where that was never even an issue," Minaldi said.
"I'm sure some will be challenged. Anyone can file a lawsuit regardless of its merit. But, I don't believe for a second that any of those cases, meritoriously, will be challenged."
Minaldi's unusual behavior on the bench preceded their mysterious removal from a string of cases. They were ordered to get treatment for alcoholism so severe that a colleague believes they cannot take care of herself, according to court records released Thursday.
They did not rule out a return to the bench someday, but said they are weighing them options.
"There is no disputing that I am in a battle with alcohol," Minaldi, 58, said. "So far, I'm winning that battle, and I intend to win it for the rest of my life."
They also said they would fight action by U.S. Magistrate Kathleen Kay, a colleague and friend, challenging their ability to handle their own affairs.
Kay said in court documents that Minaldi was diagnosed with "severe Wernicke-Korsakoff syndrome," a degenerative brain disorder linked to alcohol abuse.
Documents show they have moved into an assisted living facility specializing in "memory care."
The mandate for Minaldi to complete at least 90 days of substance abuse treatment came from the chief judge of the 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals.
In 1999, spy Austin Powers enjoys their honeymoon with their wife, Vanessa Kensington. They turn out to be a fembot controlled by Austin's nemesis Dr. Evil. They attempt to kill Austin, then self-destructs. Austin grieves briefly before realizing they are single again and thus can have sex without commitment. A NATO monitoring facility observes the return of Dr. Evil, who confronts their son Scott and starts a coup on The Jerry Springer Show. At Dr. Evil's Seattle headquarters, Dr. Evil is presented with a one-eighth-size clone of himself, whom they name Mini-Me.
Dr. Evil unveils their latest plan: they have developed a time machine to go back to the 1960s and steal Austin's mojo, the source of their sexual appeal. Dr. Evil and Mini-Me travel to 1969 and meet a younger Number Two and Frau Farbissina. An obese "Scottish Guard", Fat Bastard, extracts Austin's mojo from their frozen body at the Ministry of Defence. British intelligence warns Austin that one of Dr. Evil's agents is after him, and during a photo shoot the wanton Ivana Humpalot seduces him, but at the last moment claims they are too sexy to kill. They have sex, but they discover they have lost their mojo and is impotent.
The MOD sends Austin to 1969 using a time-travelling Volkswagen New Beetle. Austin arrives at a party in their London pad, and with the assistance of CIA agent Felicity Shagwell escapes an assassination attempt by Dr. Evil's operatives. Austin and Felicity are pursued by Mustafa, another of Dr. Evil's henchmen; when caught they reveal the existence of Dr. Evil's volcano lair. Before they can divulge its location, Mini-Me shoots them with a dart, causing them to fall off a cliff.
Examining photographs from the crime scene, Austin identifies Fat Bastard as the perpetrator of the theft of their mojo. At Dr. Evil's lair, Fat Bastard arrives with Austin's mojo. Dr. Evil drinks some of it and has sex with Frau Farbissina. This results in an awkward situation when Frau reveals they are pregnant before Scott, Dr. Evil's son, arrives through the time portal. Dr. Evil announces their latest plan — to hold the world ransom by threatening to destroy cities using a laser on the Moon. In London, Austin and Felicity get to know each other, but when Felicity tries having sex with him, they turn them down because of their lost mojo.
Under MOD instructions to implant a homing device into Fat Bastard, Felicity seduces him, allowing them to plant it in their anus. Fat Bastard forces it out of their bowels into a Paddington Station toilet, but a stool sample reveals traces of a vegetable that only grows on one Caribbean island. Austin and Felicity arrive on the island but are apprehended. They are put in a cell with a guard who is overcome when Felicity exposes their breasts. Dr. Evil and Mini-Me leave for the Moon to install the laser pursued by Austin and Felicity on Apollo 11. In Dr. Evil's moon base, Austin battles with Mini-Me, eventually flushing them into space. As Austin confronts Dr. Evil, Dr. Evil gives them a choice: save the world or Felicity, who is locked in a chamber with poison gas.
Felicity tells Austin to save the world and they succeed, but Felicity dies. Before Austin can kill him, Dr. Evil suggests Austin use the time machine to save both Felicity and the world. Austin travels ten minutes into the past, meeting up with themselves and saving the world and Felicity. Dr. Evil initiates the self-destruct mechanism of the moon base and escapes after throwing Austin's mojo into the air. Both Austins fail to catch it and it is destroyed. Felicity points out that all the things Austin has done show that they never lost their mojo. They escape through the time portal to 1999.
At Austin's Pad, Fat Bastard makes another attempt to assassinate Austin, but Felicity disarms him. Felicity and Austin throw a party. In 1969, Dr. Evil recovers Mini-Me from space and vows revenge. On Jerry Springer, Scott learns they are the love child of Dr. Evil and Frau Farbissina. Austin returns to their pad to discover Felicity with the past Austin, who claims that since they and Austin are the same person, it is not cheating.
Philip Elliott writes at Time Magazine:
After nine months of setbacks, stumbles and outright failures, Senate Republicans made good on at least one big campaign promise.
In a vote late Thursday, the Senate passed a budget resolution and set the stage for tax cuts to be tacked onto it. The proposal drew unified Democratic opposition—along with GOP Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky, who thought the budget's $1.5 trillion in red ink was too much—and heads next to the House, where its odds look promising.
“This is another important milestone for tax reform,” White House spokesperson Sarah Huckabee Sanders told reporters Friday.
…
Spooked at the threat facing incumbents, several big donors had entertained the ideas planted by former Trump strategist Steve Bannon. The Bannon mold of throwing the bums out seemed appealing—and perhaps inevitable had the GOP gone home at the end of the year with nothing to show. Without delivering on the promise to cut taxes, the GOP's leading lawmakers feared they were handing Bannon ammo as they prepared a slate of rabble-rousing challengers.
In that sense, the threat from Bannon helped rally on-the-fence lawmakers around the budget proposal. Some, like Sen. John McCain of Arizona, were no fans of its details, but they also recognized failure would spell disaster for the party during next year's elections. “They bit the bullet,” said one fundraiser for a conservative group. “They didn't love it, but they knew the alternative was worse.”
'Seeking Asian Female' Takes A Close Look At A Fetish
Enlarge this image toggle caption Susan Munroe/Seeking Asian Female Susan Munroe/Seeking Asian Female
It's hard to watch Seeking Asian Female, Debbie Lum's uncomfortably close look at the phenomenon some call "yellow fever" — when usually non-Asian men fetishize Asian women as romantic or sexual partners — without squirming. And at first, it seems like it wasn't so easy for Lum to document the phenomenon.
"I had to fight the urge to turn around and leave," Lum says in a voiceover, right before they meet the character we know only as "Steven" for the first time. They told me this guy had one of the "worst cases of yellow fever" they have seen.
Steven, an earnest, bespectacled, white American man with an unsettling penchant for Asian females, is not exactly the most appealing of potential suitors. They have a tendency to evaluate women based on their level of "Chineseness." As they beckon Lum inside their messy apartment, they tell them with unabashed glee: "You look very Chinese, with the bangs. You know I like that." Later, Steven excitedly describes their love interest Sandy as "looking so Chinese. You can't look any more Chinese than that." What makes them an expert on looking Chinese is pretty unclear, though they don't seem too concerned about that.
They seem to lust after Asian women for their supposed beauty and docility. "I mean I'm an old guy, I'm 60," they tell Lum before meeting Sandy, musing about their ideal woman. "Do I want the farm girl to take care of me? Do I want... an intelligent businesswoman to help me grow back and forth? What do I want? ....There's this Vietnamese movie called The Scent of Green Papaya that has this servant girl who cooks these beautiful meals. Gee, would it be like that?"
Not quite.
Meet Sandy, a 30-year-old woman from the Anhui province in China. Sandy finds Steven on an online dating site and seems to be seeking a potential entryway to the U.S. and some economic stability. (She takes two separate photos of them and makes a sort of endearing, sort of creepy couples picture, much to their delight.) Steven visits them a few times in China, they hit it off and they come to the states on a K-1 engagement visa.
Sure, Sandy takes care of him. But she's hardly the demure lady they hoped for, just as he's hardly the flashy American they might have expected. Throughout the film, a frustrated Sandy describes wanting to get out of the relationship as soon as they have enough money and schooling.
The film has a whole bunch of flashing warning signs that say this relationship Might Not Be A Good Idea. I cringed a lot. When a frustrated Sandy confesses that she'd "lose face" if they told their family and friends in China about their house-less, money-less American beau, I found myself asking, Why are you doing this?
And yet.
And yet. Over the course of the film, something remarkable happened for me. Sandy and Steven, together, started to seem like it may not be such a bad thing after all.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Debbie Lum/Seeking Asian Female Debbie Lum/Seeking Asian Female
There was something unsettling about the film, and my reaction to it. Why was I feeling sympathetic to Steven, who fetishizes Asian women? Can a relationship, borne out of something perhaps a little twisted on both sides, evolve into something genuine? Is it even fair to judge someone else's relationship? Lum, who like me is Chinese-American, told me that they began making the documentary because they were sick of dealing with men (usually non-Asian) who shared Steven's creepy fascination with Asian women. But as they made the film, Lum's thoughts changed, sort of like mine.
After Lum settled on Steven as a subject for their documentary, they thought the film would be about their relationship with Sandy. They had no idea that she'd become intimately wrapped up in their courtship: they soon found themselves their designated (and reluctant) translator, and from there, the couple's de facto marriage counselor.
When Sandy finds a cache of photos of Steven's ex-girlfriend on their computer — the ex was Chinese, natch — they freak out. Lum translates their fight. "I can only prove my love day by day," Steven says. (Lum refuses to translate that for him.)
"This is going to be an adjustment on both of our parts," a teary-eyed Steven tells the camera after their fight with Sandy. "This is not China, and I am not Chinese. I'm hoping for the best."
As Lum gets closer to the couple, they start to see beneath the surface of their relationship — that there might be genuine feelings.
"There's this whole other individual there," Lum said of Steven. "When I see couples like Steven and Sandy, I think about their stories now, as much as I think about what it reads as, or what it looks like from the outside."
Lum, by the way, is married to a white Irishman. But they say their relationship with their husband is different than Steven and Sandy's. "Steven and Sandy's is a kind of modern take on an old-fashioned arranged marriage," Lum said. "They went into it with a really pre-determined desire to be married above everything else, whereas my husband and I kind of just met."
Yet they sometimes wonder if others think of their relationship as one tinged by yellow fever.
Sandy and Steven, by the way, are still together. Sandy now speaks English fluently, Lum said.
I came to this film thinking of Steven as "an Asian fetishist" and of Sandy as "an opportunist." Having spent a little while getting to know them through Lum's lens, I saw their nuances. Parts of their relationship — their fights, their daily interactions, their worries — became incredibly human, completely relatable to an outsider.
Except I feel like there should be a "but."
This narrative still doesn't sit well with me. The way Steven thought about Asian women — stripping them of their individuality, layering on pre-conceived ideals, replacing people with types — was challenged when they met Sandy, a real person with layers of their own. They might make the relationship work, yes, and I might even want them to. But in that case, their road to happiness feels marred with potholes that still need to be examined and considered.
UPDATE:
A man we believe to be Steven Bolstad, Seeking Asian Female's documentary subject, responded to the post in the comments section. (We also reached out to filmmaker Debbie Lum to comment and are waiting on their response.) Here's what Steven had to say.
Hear an impassioned plea by a black youth who feels burned and abandoned by Obama. Under him, “we've ALREADY lost EVERYTHING.”
Remembrer Obama's “If I had a son…” comment? Well, here is a FAR better example to point to than the OTHER guy. One problem. This kid is giving Obama HELL!
This kid is amazing. Articulate. Passionate. Informed. And they have a message for America. Not just black America. Their name is CJ Pearson.
Here are some of the things they touched on:
Trending: WATCH: ‘How Jussie Smollett REHEARSED Their Attack' Is HILARIOUS
“Kids like me have been on the losing end of this administration for far too long.”
Afer 8 years of Obama's “Hope & Change”: — 4/10 black boys and girls live in poverty — Less black people own homes than any other race — Black unemployment rate is about 14 percent while the overall unemployment rate is 5 — “Kids that look like me” have a 50% unemployment rate — Obama refuses do deal with the issues at home, but would rather nation-build
Bottom line: “President Obama DOES NOT CARE.”
They have a special request for black mothers fathers and grandparents who vote Democrat by default:
“If you're not going to do better for yourself. Do better for a kid like me.”
If Blacks Take Trump, and Dump the Dems, they could lose: If Blacks Take Trump, and Dump the Dems, they could lose: * The anchor that has been weighing them down. Their Obam-aphone
Enter your email to see the poll results: *
Dubai, UAE - The UAE is not renowned for history.
Sharjah's cricket stadium does hold the record for having hosted the most ODIs and Pakistan cricket fans hold that ground dear (as well as Dubai and Abu Dhabi, having been the team's ‘home' venues).
However, a backyard in Jumeriah, a hop across Burj Khalifa, is overflowing with historical value.
Shyam Bhatia, an industrialist on the outside but a former cricketer and an enthusiast everywhere else, has created a cricket museum in their house, preserving memories and records achieved on the field that not many others have bothered to hold on to.
Holding signed bats, balls, caps and a special Sachin Tendulkar corner, Bhatia has also written three books on cricket – they don't want to stop just yet. The museum houses a private collection but they want to share it with the world which is why there are plans to move it to a different location in the near future.
“I always feel that whatever I am today, it is because of this game and the reason I started this museum was because I wanted to give something back to the game,” Bhatia told Al Jazeera.
“I'm trying to move out of here and to a more public location. This is still at my house so giving access to the public is difficult. But I want to share these memories with the fans.”
Revelations that the government's ability to access American citizens' phone records without probable cause is much broader than previously contemplated got Congress' attention last week, drawing rebukes and warnings from both sides of the aisle.
The startling new insight came from NSA Deputy Director John Inglis, who testified before the House Judiciary Committee that the FISA court "has approved us to go out two or three hops." As described by the Washington Post , "When analysts think they have cause to suspect an individual, they will look at everyone that person has contacted, called the first hop away from the target. Then, in a series of exponential ripples, they look at everyone all those secondary people communicated with. And from that pool, they look at everyone those tertiary people contacted. This is called a second and a third hop."
Think of it as the spy version of Six Degrees of Kevin Bacon. (Indeed, the Onion linked Bacon to al Qaeda in just five hops in 2002; one imagines he's within three hops by now.)
How intrusive is this? It's not really clear.
One the face of it, it's pretty astounding. As AP's Pete Yost points out, "If the average person calls 40 unique people, three-hop analysis could allow the government to mine the records of 2.5 million Americans when investigating one suspected terrorist." Rep. John Conyers (D-MI) called the program "outrageous" and Rep. Zoe Lofgren (D-CA) proclaimed that "this program has gone off the tracks legally and needs to be reined in." Rep. Ted Deutch (D-FL) declared that “Intelligence officers, contractors, and personnel only need a rubber-stamp warrant from the FISA court to then learn virtually everything there is to know about an American citizen."
But intelligence-community officials rightly point out that the FISA Court, which is comprised of regular federal judges confirmed by the Senate and hand selected by the Chief Justice, approved this program under guidelines set out by Congress. But Rep. James Sensenbrenner (R-WI), the key House sponsor of the USA Patriot Act, argues that Congress' intent was only to authorize specific searches, not such blanket collection. They warned that Congress might not renew " Section 215 " authority if the executive doesn't "change how they operate."
Deputy Attorney General James M. Cole was the latest to assure us that the collected information does “not include names or other personal identifying information” and does not include the content of any phone calls. They also reminded Congress that the records are not protected by the Fourth Amendment, even in ordinary law-enforcement operations, under a string of judicial rulings.
Additionally, the intelligence community insists that there's a vast difference between simply collecting information and accessing it. Indeed, they point out that they're legally prohibited from intentionally accessing the records of domestic calls made by US citizens.
NSA agents almost certainly aren't snooping willy-nilly through our metadata. The point of collection is to achieve a permanent archive of the information (the phone companies only keep it five years) to aid in investigations once a terrorist suspect has been identified. While the content of the calls isn't known, the metadata would allow investigators to trace the suspect's network over time. As Cole put it , "If you are looking for the needle in a haystack, you have to have the haystack.''
The problem, of course, is that the very existence of the database creates the opportunity for abuse. Has it been abused? Not that we know of. Then again, we didn't know about the program itself until its details were revealed illegally by a man now hiding out in Russia.
Nor do we have any real way of knowing what it is that we've gained in return for the additional risk. How many terrorists have been caught and how many potentially deadly plots have been thwarted as a result of this intrusive collection? Well, that's classified.
James Joyner is managing editor of the Atlantic Council.
Image: Flickr/ Mike Herbst . CC BY-SA 2.0.
The Green Bay Packers have signed eight-time Pro Bowler Julius Peppers, the team announced Saturday.
Editor's Picks Demovsky: Peppers should give Packers a boost Julius Peppers could be just what the Packers need, and their signing shatters the perception that GM Ted Thompson doesn't like to make a splash in free agency, Rob Demovsky writes.
Wright: Pack will get motivated Peppers Julius Peppers' salary was the biggest reason the Bears let them go, but not the only reason, and the Packers should get a motivated defensive end, Michael C. Wright writes. 1 Related
The defensive end agreed to a three-year deal worth up to $30 million, their agent, Carl Carey, told ESPN's Josina Anderson. The deal includes $7.5 million in guaranteed money and will pay Peppers $8.5 million in salary for the first year, Carey told Anderson.
Peppers was released Tuesday by the Chicago Bears but found work four days later with the division-rival Packers.
"The teams that have the good quarterbacks are the teams that win. That obviously factored into some of my decision making," Peppers told the team's website of joining Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers. "I'm looking forward to playing with Aaron. As much as I disliked chasing them around, I'm excited to join him."
"That's the most important thing. I haven't won a championship. That's where my focus is. I feel like the team is set up to make a run and I feel I can help get it there," Peppers added.
In Green Bay, Peppers will be reunited with one of their former coaches, Mike Trgovac, who is the Packers' defensive line coach.
Trgovac coached Peppers from 2002-08 with the Carolina Panthers. They were Peppers' position coach in 2002 and was Carolina's defensive coordinator from 2003-08.
Carey took to Twitter on Saturday morning, announcing that Peppers "is officially a Packer!"
Carey also tweeted a photo of their client standing in Lambeau Field.
With Peppers set to receive a base salary of $13.9 million in 2014 and count $18.183 million against Chicago's salary cap, the Bears deemed the too expensive to keep on the roster, especially after they had signed former Oakland Raiders defensive end Lamarr Houston to a $35 million deal which included $15 million guaranteed.
Peppers is just the third unrestricted free agent signed by Packers general manager Ted Thompson since 2009, and the first major move since they signed Charles Woodson in 2006. The club's other two free-agent splash signings since 2009 were center Jeff Saturday, who played only one season, and defensive end Anthony Hargrove, who did not make the team.
Peppers, 34, played the past four seasons with the Bears after being selected by the Panthers in the first round of the 2002 draft. They signed a blockbuster six-year deal worth $84 million in 2010, and restructured their contract on two occasions to give the Bears more cap room.
But in doing so, each time, Peppers' cap number grew in the later years of the deal. When Peppers last restructured their contract with the Bears in 2013, their cap numbers grew to $18.183 million in 2014 and $20.683 million in 2015.
Peppers led the Bears last season with 7.5 sacks -- the fewest he's had in a Chicago uniform. Peppers have 118.5 career sacks, which ranks second in the league since their entry (2002).
"I have a lot left in the tank. I have a lot left to give, a lot left to offer. I want to show people I can still play the game at a high level," they told the website.
In four years playing for the Bears, Peppers started in every game (64), and racked up 37.5 sacks in addition to making the Pro Bowl in every season with the team except for 2013. Peppers earned $53.5 million throughout their tenure with the Bears.
ESPN.com Packers reporter Rob Demovsky contributed to this report.
Welcome to the latest edition of the Haxe Roundup. Haxe is a high level, strictly typed programming language and cross-compiler.
News and Articles
Haxe Summit 2017 has been announced taking place in Amsterdam between September 13th and 16th at “de Roos”. Only a few days left to get your early bird tickets!
CPP backend for love3d is working in addition to the Lua backend.
Chip-8 emulator written in Haxe and Lime.
Upcoming Events & Talks
Ronan Sandford will be talking about their teams recent work with the Ethereum blockchain, smart contracts and web3 at The Haxe Summit.
Add an upcoming event about Haxe.
Job Offers & Bounties
Videos
LD39 Timelapse of Batterycorp.
Code Examples
Have an example you want to add? Consider contributing to the code.haxe.org cookbook.
Previews & Demos
Open Source
Improving gradient support in justTriangles.
Apps & Games
Procedurally generated 3D medieval cities.
Procedurally generated medieval cities being exported to SVG.
Obsessing with animated minimaps.
Haxe WebGL racing game preview.
Polishing the Fist's Elimination Tower's cutscenes.
Website Releases
Michael Baczynski‏ has relaunched their website as a single page site.
App & Game Releases
Beat made for #onehourgamejam .
. Stun slow made for #onehourgamejam .
. 64 FISTS made for #lowrezjam using OpenFL.
using OpenFL. 64 Ducks made for #lowrezjam using Kha.
Some Library Releases
Current Proposals
Core Changes
39 commits have been made to Haxe compiler in the last two weeks.
hscript supports @async and @split , basically await - commit.
You can get started using the latest features by downloading a nightly build of Haxe.
Take it easy everyone and have a good week!
"Assuming you always wear your safari hat, there are certain points for efficient use of the Pandaria tamer XP. Level 10, level 15, level 19, level 21 and level 23.5. Each tamer fight will get you to the next point, and of course, a 23.5 pet will jump to 25 after a single fight. Aim to get your low level pets to one of those targets using the wild fights. You can level a 1 to 10 in 5 or 6 wild fights in Pandaria."
I haven't quite collected all the 5.3 pets yet (still missing Viscous Horror and Stunted Direhorn ). The horror refuses to drop in normal ToT and is going for more than I'm willing to spend on the AH, and I'm still not into the pet PVP thing (even if it's for a pet). Even though there are still pets to collect, I've shifted my priorities elsewhere for the time being.These days I've been focusing on leveling all my pets to 25. It's no easy task, and it's definitely grindy. I'm inching closer and closer, and I only have 99 more pets to level to max. I doubt I'll be able to reach my goal of all level 25 pets before 5.4 is released, but I'm going to do my damned best to get as many up as possible.This last batch of pets has been the most challenging. Not because they're difficult pets to battle with, but because they're not very interesting. Many share similar attacks/abilities and they're somewhat boring overall. I adore them to bits, but after the 5th snake, 7th rat, or 3rd cockroach, it starts to get old.Even the pet leveling support group that I occasionally take part in isn't enough to make it extraordinarily exciting. Sure, adding other players into the mix adds a level of freshness to the leveling process, but it's still quite tedious.So after some thinking, I've decided to approach it differently. Rather than just trying to level random pets or every pet to 25 all at once, I've set mini-milestones.Tiggindy from WarcraftPets had some good advice regarding pet leveling (in Pandaria):With this in mind, I've made it a goal to get each pet to a "breakpoint" level. 15, 19, 21, or 23.5. This way when I do the Tamer dailies each day, I can maximize the gain without wasting any experience earned. So rather than attempting to level one pet to 25 in one sitting, I've been spreading out my time getting each group of certain leveled pets to the next critical level.I don't know if this is more or less efficient/effective than simply power leveling, but it shakes things up and makes the process a little less same-old-same-old. It also provides more incentive to do dailies each day since I know I'm guaranteed the correct amount of experience gain each time. It's like pre-planning to make things easier and go more smoothly.With 30+ pets coming in the next patch, I'd be happy if I could get 40-50 pets of my current 99 to max level. If I can mange at least that, once 5.4 is released and I've collected all the new ones, I'll only have less than 100 pets to level still.Guess I should get back to it!
This weekend I took my second trip to Bijin Island (Bijindo). Last time I called this slice of paradise a “hint of Thailand” just off the southern coast of South Korea. This trip proved that to be even more true as the waters warmed up and the sun joined us for an incredible weekend. The only ferry to Bijindo is from Tongyeong and can be accessed via intercity buses.
Upon arrival you are immediately greeted with fresh ocean air as the misty sea-spray welcomes you to the narrow stretch of land. Rock beach on your right and sand beach on the left it promises to be an enjoyable weekend if only the sun will scare away these looming rainclouds.
Looking for another amazing Korean beach? Check out Jeju's hidden beach featured on Television of Nomads
How about 27 ideas for your Korean weekend from my friends at Bobo and Chichi?
After organizing the rooms it was a day of R&R on the beach as a handful of my fellow hikers took advantage of the free kayaks. The beach itself was noticeably cleaner than my first visit but still largely devoid of people. Dipping into the water I found it pleasantly warm and easily understood how most of my friends were already frolicking in the waters.
Ronda caught a 24-hour bug from their pesky students and napped the day away while I mingled with this crop of Seoul Hikers when suddenly Shad and I got an idea. We looked at each other and sprinted into the water pent on flipping our buddies Erin & Ji's kayak only to discover a massive drop in the bottom of the beach a few feet off shore. We all laughed it off until realizing that Shad dove in with their wallet which subsequently fell out!
The search for their missing wallet entertained everyone except Shad but luckily bits and pieces washed onshore over the next day. They recovered some ID's and about a 1/3 of their cash but will certainly check for more than just their cell phone before jumping in next time.
Shortly after the usual SHG dinner BBQ I led a small group up the main mountain. This 45-minute hike, now slippery from a layer of wet mist was a bit tougher than last time. Giant makeshift steps continued relentlessly until you finally reach the lookout.
The spectacular view was as I remembered but unfortunately the western sunset was blocked by the mountain itself. No matter, we took it in anyway before heading back down to a music filled evening on the beach.
Sunday morning we awoke bright and early to a beautiful blue sky! I wandered around the quaint alleys thinking that this must be how life in tiny Mediterranean villages is. The colorful huts had an obviously Asian flair and I made a mental note to one day experience their European counterparts.
We spent a few hours on the beach mimicking yesterdays festivities until it came time to board the ferry. Waving a farewell to Bijindo was easy for me but as Ronda finally began feeling better we both vowed to revisit this hint of Thailand.
More women are going through with their pregnancies after Down's syndrome test
Parents appear more willing to bring a Down's child into the world than they used to be, the research shows.
Many are taking the decision because those affected by the syndrome are more accepted in society today and their quality of life has improved, according to a new survey.
After the widespread introduction of screening for Down's syndrome in 1989, the number of babies born with the condition in the UK each year fell from 717 to 594 at the start of this decade.
Since 2000, the birth rate has increased, reaching 749 in 2006, the latest year for which figures are available.
Figures from the National Down's Syndrome Cytogenetic Register show that the proportion of new born children with Down's syndrome rose by around 15% between 2000 and 2006.
Around one in every 1,000 babies born has Down's syndrome, an incurable genetic disorder caused by the presence of an extra chromosome.
Its physical effects include a characteristic "flat" face and slanting eyes, short stature, heart defects, and poor sight and hearing. People with Down's syndrome also have moderate to severe degrees of learning disability.
A blood test or ultrasound scan is used to tell if a pregnant woman is at risk of having a child with Down's. This can be followed by more invasive tests which take samples of fluid from the womb or placental tissue to show definitively if a child has the syndrome. At either stage a decision may be taken whether or not to continue with the pregnancy.
The Down's Syndrome Association, in conjunction with the BBC, conducted a survey and the findings show that while religious or pro-life beliefs counted in around a third of cases, many parents felt that life and society had improved for people affected by Down's. Others said their decision was influenced by the fact that they knew people with Down's or other disabilities.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
On Valentine's Day, the Senate banking committee held a hearing with the nation's top financial regulators. As a junior member, first-year student Democrat Elizabeth Warren had to cool their heels waiting for a turn. But when it came, they made better use of the few available minutes than most of their colleagues: “Can you identify when you last took the Wall Street banks to trial?” they demanded.
Flummoxed, the officials tried to sidestep the question. Then the Massachusetts senator brought down the hammer: “There are district attorneys and United States attorneys out there every day squeezing ordinary citizens on sometimes very thin grounds and taking them to trial in order to make an example, as they put it. I'm really concerned that ‘too big to fail' has become ‘too big for trial.'”
Ka-boom. More than a million people ended up watching viral videos of the exchange. Wall Streeters were ticked off. Warren had achieved what veteran legislators crave to do: shape the national discourse while winning attention—all in their quiet but forceful, law-school-prof way. And wittingly or not, they had accomplished another difficult task: establishing a path forward for themselves within the clubby, tradition-bound upper chamber.
Basically, there are two ways for a newbie senator to start their tenure: with bombast or with reserve. Sens. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) and Ted Cruz (R-Texas) have been recent examples of the former, each roaring into the Senate looking to establish themselves as the tea party senator. Two decades earlier, Paul Wellstone, the former professor and community organizer, hit the Senate as a progressive firebrand. They held a press conference at the Vietnam War memorial to argue against war in the Middle East and cornered George H.W. Bush at a reception, causing the president to ask, “Who is this chickenshit?”
The other path was taken by Hillary Clinton and Al Franken, who entered the league of 100 amid expectations they would exploit the Senate as a personal soapbox or as a stage to advance progressive causes. Instead, these bona fide celebrities eschewed the limelight and focused on learning the crusty byways of the Senate and delivering for the folks at home.
So which way for Warren? They entered the Senate a darling of progressives with fans across the nation. An Oklahoma-reared populist who could parry with Jon Stewart, Warren had led a panel set up in 2008 to oversee the TARP bailout, and helped create the new Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. After routing incumbent Republican Sen. Scott Brown by 7.5 points last November, they were poised to be a high-profile star of the incoming class and a champion of the left.
But instead Warren started out quietly, with moves close to their established area of expertise: pushing for improved consumer credit reporting, seeking details of a federal settlement with mortgage servicers, and promoting the confirmation of Richard Cordray to be director of the CFPB they helped launch. Aside from the occasional high-octane moment—like a March speech slamming the NRA and DC's “armies of lobbyists”—she largely avoided the spotlight.
“Today a minority of the minority plays hostage politics. It's all-or-nothing politics at its worst.”
According to the conventional wisdom among senators and staffers, that was the appropriate course. “You buckle down, study briefing books, attend hearings, build relationships, decline requests to go on cable shows, and pick and choose a few spots to focus on,” says James Manley, who worked for years as a senior staffer for Ted Kennedy and then Harry Reid. “I'm a little afraid some friends on the left are trying to give Sen. Warren all sorts of powers and responsibilities far beyond what any one senator can handle.” Former Sen. Byron Dorgan (D-N.D.), who served three terms before retiring in 2011, notes that it is difficult to work effectively within the system and still use the Senate as a platform for national organizing and messaging: “People can do both, but it's hard to do both immediately. You need to develop a reputation among other senators based on work. A key question is, are you likable and do people want to work with you?”
Recently, Warren was sitting in the ornate Senate Reception Room, waiting for a vote and contemplating their place in the upper chamber. (Due to John Kerry's departure to become secretary of state, they had already become the senior senator from the Bay State.) Amid the hustle and bustle—Sen. Bill Nelson (D-Fla.) was posing for a photo with a Boy Scout from their state, Sen. Jim Inhofe (R-Okla.) was huddling with military officers, and Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse (D-R.I.) was introducing the Cape Verdean ambassador—I asked if they had a senatorial role model. After saying they were “resistant” to name one (“I've received helpful advice from everybody from Harry Reid to Orrin Hatch”), they chose the obvious: Ted Kennedy. They admire how Kennedy—whose seat they now hold—entered the Senate without fanfare and then spent decades nurturing relationships with Republicans, building the influence they needed to rack up a series of consequential legislative victories. “Three-quarters of the Senate had fought alongside them at one point or another,” they noted. “He was a master.”
The idea of working with strange bedfellows is enticing for Warren. She'd found the Senate floor an intriguing place: “When you vote, you walk in and it's over in a blink. But during votes you have a chance to visit with other senators—no staffers are around—and they're more candid. People have come up to me from the other side of the aisle and said, ‘I heard what you said about too-big-to-fail banks, and I'm worried about that, too. So what kind of things can we do?' That's how you start moving.” (Indeed, Sen. Ron Johnson, a tea party favorite from Wisconsin, told National Review Online they were thinking of working with Warren on banking reform.)
Yet without missing a beat, Warren added that they fully appreciate the Wellstone method, noting they “had a very different approach.” (Wellstone used to call Warren late at night when they were a professor at Harvard Law School, to discuss economic policy.) And these days, they said, working the back rooms to concoct worthwhile legislative compromises is tougher: “Today a minority of the minority plays hostage politics. It's all-or-nothing politics at its worst.”
“I'm not here to shake. I'm here to get something done.”
So, when hyperpartisanship, obstructionism, and dysfunction rule, is the Kennedy-style inside game outdated? Warren wouldn't say that. But echoing President Barack Obama, they pointed out that “change is possible in the Senate when change is demanded outside the Senate. The more people who say it's time to reduce gun violence or hold the big banks accountable, the more likely we'll get change here in Congress.”
Perhaps for Warren, it's not a matter of being either a Capitol deal maker or an issues-thumping organizer. She, after all, has a third option: watchdog. They made their name pursuing the misdeeds of financial institutions, displaying little interest in a long-term political career. In 2010, when I asked if she'd consider running for the Senate, they remarked, “Or I can stab myself in the eye.” Now they say, “I see this as a place where it is possible to make a difference.” How? As a cop on the financial regulation beat: “The regulators already have a lot of law, but they have to use it. Congressional oversight over the regulators has potential for making a difference.”
Warren has entered the Senate with more opportunity than the average greenhorn to have an impact. And they seem to realize and relish that as they craft an all-of-the-above persona: legislative workhorse, regulatory gooser, and high-profile advocate (more viral videos!)—with an eye on a measurable bottom line. Asked about Cruz's boast that he's going to shake up the Senate, they quickly replied: “I'm not here to shake. I'm here to get something done. For me, it's an extension of the work I've done for 30 years to strengthen middle-class families. If I could find a way to do that here and never say another word publicly, I'm all for it.”
As our time ran out, I asked: What was the biggest surprise of their first months in the chamber? They paused and said with a grin, “There are more tools to make changes than I expected.” Then they winked and headed back to the Senate floor.
A Florida man annoyed by their boyfriend's music taste was arrested for allegedly hitting them in the face with a plate.
Alanis Morissette's music is a major issue in one Florida couple's relationship. So much so that Allen Casey allegedly hit their boyfriend in the face with a plate because they wouldn't stop listening to the Canadian songstress, News4Jax.com reported.
They oughta known.
Casey, 24, reportedly hit Todd Fletcher, 33, in the face with a plate Sunday in Jacksonville because Fletcher wouldn't stop playing Alanis Morissette, News4Jax.com said. “That's all that (expletive) listens to,” Casey said, according to a police report.
A witness told police they heard the two arguing and saw Casey strike Fletcher. Casey was arrested after allegedly admitting they hit their boyfriend. Fletcher suffered a large cut on the side of their face, but was otherwise uninjured, News4Jax.com said.
2 UTC employees cited in adult bookstore sting Copyright 2019 Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. (Photo: WTVC) [ + - ] Video
Chattanooga, Tenn. (WATE) - Two University of Tennessee-Chattanooga employees and another man face public indecency charges after an undercover operation.
Chattanooga police conducted an undercover visit at Cinema One Theatre and Bookstore in November after receiving complaints of sexual activity.
An officer saw James Cantrell and Joseph Wiram engaged in a sexual act. Scott Jarrett was engaged in a sexual act with himself, according to the report.
ABC-affiliate, WTVC, says Cantrell is the associate vice chancellor in the communications and marketing department at UTC. Wiram is the school's coordinator for veteran student services.
The university released a statement saying,
"We have been made aware of the situation. We're in the process of reviewing it. It is a legal matter and as such, the university will not have a comment at this time"
An employee at the bookstore denied to WTVC that sexual activity takes place inside the business.
Former Congressman Barney Frank supposedly once said, “Government is simply the name we give to the things we choose to do together.” In this case, it's making you be licensed and certified before you can get on your boat and rescue your neighbor from flooding.
That's exactly what State Sen. Jonathan Perry (R-Kaplan) wants to do in the next legislative session. In order to “prevent boaters from being turned away” by state agencies, they want to mandate that the “Cajun Navy” of private boat owners to be trained and certified in search and rescue.
From KPEL:
Here in Acadiana, these heroes who patrol the waters and seek to rescue others are known as the “Cajun Navy.” But, many of these volunteers were turned away from helping others by state agencies, which has led to much frustration. State Senator Jonathan Perry is looking to eliminate that and put more authority behind these Good Samaritans with the power of legislation. “At the end of the day, there are going to be two things that are going to be the hurdle when you approach it from the state's standpoint,” points out Sen. Perry. “Liability is going to be number one for them. They don't want the liability of someone going out to rescue someone and then not being able to find them (the rescuers) and, secondly, there's a cost.” But Sen. Perry says it's “very doable but will take some work.” They compare it to volunteer firefighters. Both come with the same liability. Sen. Perry is working on a policy that would train these people for these kinds of situations so they can have certification to show law enforcement officials, which would allow them into the devastated areas instead of being turned away. And, the state would not be liable for them. They say even if the course is only $25, $50 for the course, it would be well worth the cost.
The easier solution is to get rid of state employees who are incapable of using common sense. State employees who are more worried about liability than rescuing people from rising flood waters shouldn't be working as rescuers.
One of the best things about the “Cajun Navy” is that they didn't need the government to put them together and coordinate everything. It was a real life example of spontaneous order. The last thing we need is do-gooder legislators inserting government where it is not needed.
Edited to correct where State Sen. Jonathan Perry is from. Original edition said Baton Rouge.
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
As co-chair of Wisconsin's powerful legislative Joint Finance Committee, Alberta Darling was charged by Governor Scott Walker with cobbling together the most anti–public education budget in Wisconsin history. And Darling delivered, with a plan to slash $800 million in funding for public schools across Wisconsin while at the same time scheming to shift tens of millions from the state treasury into the accounts of private schools. Ad Policy
Darling was not just doing the governor's bidding, however.
They were delivering for American Federation for Children (AFC), the powerful national network of billionaire campaign contributors that has been pouring millions into school privatization fights across the country.
AFC is not just shaping the agenda in Wisconsin. Like the American Legislative Exchange Council, which produces model legislation designed to shape state agendas on a host of policies, AFC outlines legislative goals, crafts specific proposals and then works with allied legislators and governors to implement it's agenda.
It is in the forefront of high-stakes school “choice,” voucher and privatization fights in Pennsylvania, Florida, Indiana, Louisiana and the District of Columbia.
Organized by Michigan billionaires Dick and Betsy DeVos, Americans for Children is officially nonpartisan. But Dick DeVos is a former Republican nominee for governor of Michigan and Betsy DeVos is a former chair of the Michigan Republican Party. Together, they have poured tens of millions of dollars into the ideological and electoral infrastructure that supports school privatization.
“Dick DeVos has used their family's fortune and status to create an intricate national network of nonprofits, political action committees and federal groups known as 527s that effectively fund the political arm of the school voucher movement,” notes a People for the American Way study of the political projects of the heir to the Amway fortune and their wife. “Nowhere is the impact of the DeVos family fortune greater, though, than in the movement to privatize public education.”
AFC chair Betsy DeVos has for decades been a high-stakes political player on behalf of school privatization. But that does not mean groups with which they are associated always play by the rules. One DeVos-led group, the political action committee “All Children Matter,” was fined a record $5.2 million by the Ohio Elections Commission after being charged with illegally shifting money into the state to support candidates considered friendly to private-school “choice” initiatives. It was also fined for political misconduct in Wisconsin, where the group's 2006 campaigning violated campaign finance laws by expressly urging voters to cast ballots against legislative candidates who backed public education.
Those troubles led to the evolution of “All Children Matter” into “American Federation for Children,” which has collected money from a who's who of right-wing billionaires, including the political operations of Charles and David Koch—top donors to Scott Walker's 2010 campaign and, in the case of David, the subject of a much-publicized prank phone call to Walker during the current dispute in Wisconsin.
Ardent backers of Walker and their legislative agenda, Americans for Children “spent an estimated $820,000 on independent expenditures and phony issue ad activity in the 2010 fall legislative races,” according to the Wisconsin Democracy Campaign.
AFC has reprotedly spent more than $500,000 in television ads to support Darling and other Republicans facing recall elections because of their support for Walker's anti-labor legislation.
The group does not want to lose its grip on policymaking in Wisconsin—a state they hope to position as a national leader in the fight for school privatization.
In particular, they want to keep Darling in charge of the Joint Finance Committee and the legislative processes that could make Wisconsin the testing ground for radical school-choice initiatives.
In June, as Darling was promoting Walker's budget and new school privatization measures, watchdog groups filed an open records request seeking their office's letters, e-mails and correspondence relating to the effort. For two months, Darling refused. Finally, One Wisconsin Now filed a lawsuit demanding that the senator be compelled to obey the law.
Darling finally released the documents and they reveal that their office was regularly e-mailing with advocates from… the American Federation for Children.
Darling may want to gut public education. But they cannot change the math: one plus one equals two. And a legislator who spends months refusing to release details of their dealings with a powerful interest group really does have something to hide—just as their constituents have reason to wonder whether their senator's ID shouldn't read: Alberta Darling, R-Privatized Schools.
Darling is certainly not alone. Republican legislators across the country are aligning with AFC, and carrying its agenda.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
After the New York Times‘ much-discussed profile of White House national security aide Ben Rhodes hit computer screens all across Washington recently, Republicans howled about the revelation that Rhodes boasted of having created an “echo chamber” of experts and journalists to support the Iran nuclear deal. House Speaker Paul Ryan accused the Obama administration of having “essentially misled the American people.” Rhodes countered that the White House had merely crafted a “concerted effort” to win backing for the accord by pushing out “the facts of the deal.” Still, Republicans proclaimed yet another Obama scandal, and Rep. Jason Chaffetz (R-Utah), the chair of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, rushed to hold a hearing entitled “White House Narratives on the Iran Nuclear Deal.”
It might be worth exploring how the White House communicated information about the Iran nuclear agreement, but here's to tell that this endeavor is not a serious, nonpartisan, on-the-level project: Chaffetz has invited John Hannah to be a witness at the hearing, scheduled for Tuesday. He's a senior official at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies, a neoconish outfit that opposed the Iran deal. But more relevant—or awkward—he's a former aide to Vice President Dick Cheney who was deeply involved in the Bush-Cheney administration's use of bogus intelligence to sell the Iraq War.
In 2002, as hawks and neocons were angling to launch a war against Saddam Hussein and trying to generate a case to justify an attack, Hannah, then an aide in Vice President Cheney's office, was a contact person in the White House receiving false intelligence on Iraq's supposed weapons of mass destruction from the Iraqi National Congress, an exile group led by Ahmad Chalabi that was trying to encourage US military action against Iraq. As Knight Ridder subsequently reported, “The Bush administration relied on some of the information from the Iraqi National Congress to argue that Saddam Hussein had to be ousted before they could give banned biological or chemical weapons to al-Qaida for strikes on the United States.” And the news service noted that a 2002 letter from the INC to congressional staffers identified Hannah “as the White House recipient of information gathered by the group through a U.S.-funded effort called the Information Collection Program.”
So Hannah was a funnel for phony intelligence. But that's not all.
In the 2006 book I co-wrote with Michael Isikoff, Hubris: The Inside Story of Spin, Scandal, and the Selling of the Iraq War, we reported that when the Bush-Cheney crowd came into office, Hannah was one of the leading champions of Chalabi, the conniving leader of the INC who died last year. Hannah was also at that time a supporter of an eccentric academic named Laurie Mylroie who had developed the bizarre conspiracy theory that Saddam Hussein, not Islamic extremists such as Al Qaeda, was responsible for most of the world's anti-United States terrorism. This was a notion discredited by the US intelligence community but embraced by neocons searching for reasons to go to war against the Iraqi dictator.
And Hannah was one of the architects of the speech then-Secretary of State Colin Powell gave to the United Nations in February 2003 that was designed to pave the way to war. The first draft of that speech had come out of Cheney's office and was referred to as the “Libby draft,” named after Cheney's chief of staff, Scooter Libby (who would later be found guilty of lying to federal investigators and sentenced to 30 months in prison, though their sentence was subsequently commuted by Bush). In meetings prior to Powell's UN appearance, Powell's chief of staff, Larry Wilkerson, challenged many of the allegations within the Libby draft, and Hannah tried to defend the material. Wilkerson later told Isikoff and me, “Hannah was constantly flipping through their clipboard, trying to source and verify all the statements…It was clear the thing was put together by cherry-picking everything from the New York Times to the DIA.” The closer Wilkerson and other State Department aides looked at the draft, the more they found the allegations to be based on unconfirmed and iffy source material. Much of the information, Wilkerson concluded, had come from the INC. Eventually, the draft Hannah was defending was tossed aside. Instead, Powell's speech would be based on a national intelligence estimate. (This NIE was also predicated on flawed intelligence, but the allegations were less outlandish than those in the Libby draft.)
Of course, most of the Powell speech turned out to be bunk. Had Libby and Hannah prevailed, it would have been even bunkier. Still, Powell's speech had the intended result: It helped sway public and pundit opinion in favor of the war. Team Cheney, with Hannah a key player, had driven the agenda and helped peddle a hoax—Saddam was neck-deep in WMDs and in cahoots with Al Qaeda—to sell a war. (By the way, in 2007, Hannah, still part of Cheney's posse, was pushing for a US war with Iran.)
So maybe Hannah does have experience in how a White House tries to create and promote a narrative. But in their case, it was a false narrative. Will they be testifying about that?
Read more here: http://www.mcclatchydc.com/news/special-reports/iraq-intelligence/article24451654.html#storylink=cpy
Read more here: http://www.mcclatchydc.com/news/special-reports/iraq-intelligence/article24451654.html#storylink=cp
1. Cloud Adoption and Economics of Scale
More than 9 in 10 businesses are currently using cloud technology, including email, phone, backup, applications, and increasingly, video surveillance. A survey of 930 respondents using cloud infrastructure showed that 88 percent achieved savings. 60 percent were able to reduce IT support, often redeploying IT personnel to other projects. Almost half (49 percent) were able to grow their business from cloud use.
Cloud technology offers businesses substantial economies of scale. Let's take a look at the various cost savings, all contributing to the lower total cost of ownership.
Lower Upfront Capital Expenditures
A well-established cloud savings benefit is the reduced upfront capital costs, offering companies the opportunity to invest precious capital into other business areas, whether it is cash on hand or borrowed money.
Fully Utilized Hardware
Because multiple companies share server infrastructure, the hardware is more fully utilized, and the cost for supporting workloads goes down.
Lower Power Costs
Better hardware utilization means no idle servers. When you run your own data center, you will rarely fully-utilize your servers. Idle servers waste energy. So the better hardware utilization of the shared infrastructure also means more efficient power use, and the energy costs are lower.
Reduced IT Staffing Cost
The expenses associated with experienced IT personnel, including salary, benefits and other employment costs, is typically greater than the cost of hardware and software. The cloud provider's IT staff supports a shared infrastructure, so the total IT personnel cost is lower than if you did the work in-house. Thus you can reduce your own IT expenses, or redeploy employees to areas generating greater income.
Reliability & Redundancy
To achieve a highly redundant and reliable system, you must purchase additional hardware to protect against failures. Having spare hardware lying idle is an expensive way to maximize uptime. Typical cloud systems have several data center locations.
Sit down. We have some rather large announcements to thrust upon you. ORION: Prelude just got that much crazier.
When working with dinosaurs it is one of your most important priorities to ensure that they are happy at all times. Well, they had a few demands - and we've granted them. This includes bigger worlds, destructible elements, a larger player-count, bots AND flyable vehicles. Now let's take a deeper look.
BIGGER WORLDS
We're not kidding. Some of the largest levels in ORION: Prelude are now… well, larger. Not only are the actual playing areas significantly larger, but so are the landscapes in the distance. We've put together a comparison at one of the more famous internal maps - Incursion.
DESTRUCTION
Yes, you've read that correctly. Destruction - like Battlefield. We are going to be utilizing NVIDIA's APEX Destruction technology. Want to see rock chunks get obliterated? Want to see tree parts shake and even fall off when a T. rex smashes a player or vehicle into it? Then ORION: Prelude is the place to witness all of it.
Destruction, much like most features in the game, will be allowed to be turned both on and off. We will be displaying our use of this technology later this year.
LARGER PLAYER-COUNT
While we never formally announced an “official” player count previous to this post, our previous internal goal was 24 players. We have now since then upgraded that number to 32 players.
BOTS
“Will it have bots?” - This is always a concern for any game, especially a multiplayer-focused shooter. We are proud to say that yes, ORION: Prelude will be shipping with bots. Our lead programmer actually focuses in Artificial Intelligence and we are going to deliver worth-while opponents for you to destroy both offline and online.
FLYABLE VEHICLES
Yes, you read that correctly. We are officially announcing the inclusion of flyable vehicles. With the larger map additions it only made sense for us to allow fans to recreate their favorite Top Gun dogfighting moments in a universe filled with Dinosaurs and dudes with Jetpacks. Each team will feature one distinctive flyable vehicle addition to their arsenal. We will be showcasing footage of them in-game later this year.
INTERACT WITH US
Want to ask us a question? Want to demand a feature? Want to tell us your favorite dinosaur? Then do it! Join us in the Spiral Community and interact with us. Not only do we listen to what you want to have in the game - but it's also a great way to get into the PC Multiplayer Beta. Join now:
http://www.spiralforums.com
Mahindra Racing Team Principal Dilbagh Gill is confident that a race in New Delhi could become a reality in season four
The Indian team have been working with local authorities to find a suitable location to bring Formula E to India's capital.
Pollution Problems
Over the last couple of months, the air around New Delhi has been described and “ unhealthy ” and “ hazardous. ” Due to the large amounts of smog that covered the city. The Indian capital became the most polluted city in the world by the end of 2016.
Mahindra Racing's Team Principal Dilbagh Gill is sure that Mahindra will pioneer new technology in India and across the globe. As they try and reduce the amount of pollution in New Delhi and other cities across the world.
“Mahindra are the only pure electric car manufacturer in India,” said Gill. “We take our role as a pioneer and leader in this very seriously. We also look at electric bicycles and electric scooters, and essentially we are committing in a big way to electric mobility as a whole.
“That's something which we believe strongly in. From Formula E to bicycles, you will be seeing a lot more about how Mahindra is going to be contributing. Also, not only India but all the international markets we are servicing at this point.”
Race in New Delhi
A key way in showing the Indian people that electric technology is out there and ready to be used is by hosting an ePrix. Gill is confident that a race in New Dehli will take place soon, but work still needs to be done to make it a reality.
“Mahindra and all the other competitors in this championship are very keen to come to India. We have made some amount of progress talking to the government in India to have a race.
“Unfortunately, it's a slightly slow process, but we are going to get there. Season four has a great possibility of having a race in Delhi, and we should be able to talk more about this in the next couple of months,” stated Gill.
Can anyone explain what the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) needs with 700 pounds of High Density Ammonium Nitrate and 700 pounds of A-5 Flake RDX? Well the DHS placed a solicitation by way of the Transportation Safety Administration (TSA) for these products with a delivery date of August 31, 2012. For those of you in the know, these are the ingredients to build a makeshift bomb. However the project claims it is for "Canine Explosive Training Aids". One wonders what they need with over half a ton of explosive nitrates.
Congress gave oversight to DHS of procurement of ammonium nitrate after requesting they “regulate the sale and transfer of ammonium nitrate by an ammonium nitrate facility…to prevent the misappropriation or use of ammonium nitrate in an act of terrorism.”
Susanne Posel writes,
take our poll - story continues below Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story? Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story?
Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story? * Yes, they've gotten so much wrong recently that they're bound to be on their best behavior. No, they suffer from a bad case of Trump Derangement Syndrome. Jussie who?
Email *
Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge. You may opt out at anytime. You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. Trending: Ex-CNN Reporter Amber Lyon Explains How They Fake The News The Ammonium Nitrate Security Program focuses on preventing a terrorist attack by use of ammonium nitrate in a home-made bomb by requiring that its sale and those that purchase it be registered with the DHS. Purchasers are screened against the Terrorist Screening Database (TSDB). In the solicitation, the DHS did not specify information that a corporation seeking to reply with a bid would need. In addition, DHS is requesting that high density ammonium nitrate and RDX (the required booster) be delivered to an undisclosed government facility in downtown Atlantic City, NJ. The Pentagon has come before Congress decrying that domestic terrorist attacks may increase with the use of improvised explosive devices (IEDs) in the US. They are asking Congress to lay aside Posse Comitatus (PCA) in an effort to increase their use of military on the streets of America.
DHS has already put in massive orders for 450 million .40 hollow point bullets, bulletproof booths and various other supplies. One wonders if they are preparing for a civil war or something else.
Ed Corcoran writes,
In order to detonate ammonium nitrate, the use of a booster is required. Commercially, Pentolite and RDX are used as a booster, while the military will often use TNT as the booster. Instead of using a poor quality analog (aka hamburger) for Ammonium Nitrate to train dogs, they are requesting High Density, or the Kobe Beef of Ammonium Nitrate (AN). And in order to detonate the, RDX is used. The Department of Homeland Security is requesting BOTH components of a binary explosive compound to be delivered to a government facility in downtown Atlantic City, New Jersey. To put the amount of explosives into perspective, Timothy McVeigh used 5,000 pounds of AN and motor racing fuel. RDX has a much greater explosive capacity than racing fuel, and McVeigh was a party to mass murder and destruction that would be on par with these materials being detonated. Assuming arguendo, if a dog needed only 1 ounce of each material in order to be trained and tested, there is enough material for 11,200 dogs at the same time.
This is just a friendly public service announcement. This is simply FYI should there be something taking place in the next month or two on a grand scale. According to our federal government there is nothing to worry about. In fact, they've taken the time to scrub it from their history, Orwellian style.
UPDATE: An informed reader has offered input on this matter stating that the amount of nitrates purchased could fit into a minivan. Now whether a mini van could drive with it is another thing, but just so we're clear on the amount, it is relatively small if distributed across the country for training purposes.
The websites of 19 House Democrats were knocked offline by hackers in an attack that coincided with the formal end to the sit-in over gun control.
ADVERTISEMENT
"We do not believe it is a coincidence that this happened just as the Democrats started officially wrapping up their sit-in on efforts to prevent gun violence,” said Gordon Stanton, director of congressional services at DCS, the vendor behind the hacked House.gov websites.
The hack, first reported by Politico, was “deployed in a coordinated attack on all of our House client websites” at 1:05 p.m. last Thursday, Stanton said.
At that time, House Democrats were just exiting the floor after stalling proceedings for more than 24 hours in a call for action on gun control legislation. The controversial move was criticized as “a political stunt” by Republicans and hailed by Democrats as “a new day in Washington.”
But the hacker or hackers — and their motive — are still unknown.
A spokesperson from the office of the House Chief Administrative Officer (CAO) would only say that a limited number of member office websites run by an outside contractor “are temporarily offline while the web vendor updates software in order to improve website security.”
Stanton was unequivocal that no sensitive data is contained on the member websites run by DCS — only press releases, biographies, issue pages and other public content. The hacked pages are on the U.S. House of Representatives official House.gov website and do not include members' personal sites.
According to Stanton, the attackers uploaded what is known as a “web shell” onto one of the member's websites. Web shells are malicious bits of code that hackers can upload to a public website to gain access to a site's server. From there, depending on the code, web shells can allow hackers to gain remote control of a server or pivot to a wider network.
These backdoors can be extremely difficult to detect, according to a November warning from the Department of Homeland Security.
DCS and the CAO are working together to restore the downed sites. Stanton says they hope they will be back online by close of business Thursday.
The 19 downed sites belong to Reps. Jim McDermott James (Jim) Adelbert McDermottLobbying World Dem lawmaker: Israel's accusations start of 'war on the American government' Dem to Trump on House floor: ‘Stop tweeting' MORE (Wash.), Marcy Kaptur (Ohio), Jackie Speier (Calif.), Bill Keating (Mass.), Richard Neal (Mass.), Elizabeth Esty (Conn.), John Carney (Del.), John Larson (Conn.), Donna Edwards (Md.), Bennie Thompson (Miss.), Filemon Vela (Texas), Ed Perlmutter (Colo.), Sam Farr Samuel (Sam) Sharon FarrMedical marijuana supporters hopeful about government funding bill Marijuana advocates to give away free joints on Capitol Hill DEA decision against reclassifying marijuana ignores public opinion MORE (Calif.), Tammy Duckworth (Ill.), Tulsi Gabbard Tulsi GabbardWarren vows to forgo 'fancy receptions or big money fundraisers' Bernie is back with a bang — but can they hold on to their supporters? Gabbard hits back at Meghan McCain after fight over Assad MORE (Hawaii), Alan Grayson Alan Mark GraysonFlorida's Darren Soto fends off Dem challenge from Alan Grayson Live results: Arizona and Florida hold primaries The Hill's Morning Report: Frustration mounts as Republicans blow up tax message MORE (Fla.), Earl Blumenauer Earl BlumenauerDems ready aggressive response to Trump emergency order, as GOP splinters Businesses need bank accounts — marijuana shops included Dem senator introduces S. 420 bill that would legalize marijuana MORE (Ore.), Lloyd Doggett (Texas) and Rosa DeLauro (Conn.).
SEOUL, South Korea — On Oct. 24, 1995, as a man now known as Kim Dong-sik hiked up a rain-slick mountain road in Buyeo, about 95 miles south of Seoul, they could not shake off a foreboding. They and another North Korean agent had sneaked into South Korea by boat 52 days earlier on a mission to bring home a Communist spy who had been working in the South for 15 years. The latest message from their superiors said the spy had been instructed to wait for Mr. Kim in a temple in Buyeo, disguised as a Buddhist monk named Jawoon.
But there was no monk.
“Instead, there was an old man in faded jeans, who said they were convalescing there,” Mr. Kim, 51, said in an interview in a Seoul coffee shop last month. “I didn't find out until much later that the man was actually one of several South Korean counterespionage officials waiting to trap me. When I asked them about Jawoon, they said the monk was tending a garden down the hill. I knew something was wrong.”
They ran to their colleague and told them they had to get out fast. A car came up behind them. The driver, in a monk's robe, slowed down and asked the North Koreans if they needed a ride. When they declined, they drove on a few yards, but then stopped and got out, pretending to check a tire. Then they turned, whipped out a pistol and shouted, “Hands up!”
Mr. Kim considered their options: swallow cyanide or resist capture. They pulled out their pistol. With the first shots, the road behind them filled with South Korean agents. The pair shot their way out and fled up the mountain behind the temple.
CLOSE Ford announced $1.2 billion in new investments in Michigan at plants in Flat Rock, Romeo and Wayne Wochit
President Trump greets Ford CEO Mark Fields in a meeting Jan. 24 at the White House that included Fiat Chrysler CEO Sergio Marchionne and General Motors CEO Mary Barra. (Photo11: Pool, Getty Images)
DETROIT -- With the tweeted blessings of President Trump, Ford Motor announced Tuesday it will create 130 jobs as it invests $1.2 billion in Michigan to make the revived Ford Ranger pickup truck and Ford Bronco SUV.
Trump tweeted ahead of the announcement, saying "car companies are coming back to the U.S." -- even though Ford executives said the plant investments were planned long before Trump took office. They also wrote, "JOBS! JOBS! JOBS!"
Ford said it will add the jobs at its engine plant in Romeo, Mich., where it will spend $150 million to expand capacity to make engine components for the midsize Ranger and Bronco. The $1.2 billion will also go into revamps at the Michigan Assembly Plant in Wayne, Mich., and in building an advanced data center adjacent to its assembly plant in Flat Rock, Mich.
The new Bronco is one of Ford's most anticipated vehicles, a rugged SUV with off-road capability made famous in O.J. Simpson's slow-speed chase that preceded the famed murder trial in the 1990s.
More on the Ford Bronco and Ranger:
Ford to revive Bronco SUV, Ranger pickup and make them in Mich.
Why we love the Ford Bronco
The Ranger pickup, which is currently sold globally, will hit U.S. showrooms and have new styling and powertrain options in 2019. Originally part of Ford's F-150 pickup truck line, the Ranger became available as a compact pickup in the U.S. in 1982 and was sold there until 2011.
CLOSE With a resurrection of the Ford Bronco all but confirmed, here's a brief look at the history of this iconic SUV.
"These Michigan Assembly Plant and Romeo Engine plant announcements are consistent with what we agreed to and talked about with the UAW in 2015 negotiations," said Joe Hinrichs, Ford's president of the Americas.
Even though the moves were in the works before the change of administrations, Ford's announcement and Trump's tweet would appear to work for all concerned. Trump can tout their emphasis on growth in U.S. jobs while automakers can point to their patriotic progress. For automakers, the attitude is "why not buy everybody a beer and say, 'Look at what we're doing,'" says Alexander Edwards, president of consultants Strategic Vision.
Ford CEO Mark Fields told USA TODAY in January that the company would make both vehicles at its assembly plant in Wayne, Mich., to replace production of the Focus sedan, which is moving to Mexico. The choice of the Wayne plant preserves 3,600 jobs.
Launching production of new models at an assembly plant typically involves hundreds of millions of dollars in investment in retooling.
Ford also recently announced plans to invest $700 million and convert 700 temporary jobs into permanent positions at its Flat Rock, Mich., factory. That move was paired with a decision to abandon plans to construct a $1.6 billion new plant in Mexico.
Trump has sought credit for Ford's announcements, most of which were already in motion before they took aim at American companies that manufacture goods in foreign markets for sale in the U.S.
"Car companies coming back to U.S.," Trump tweeted Tuesday.
That's not accurate. Car companies are continuing to move U.S. small car production to foreign markets while maintaining plans to make bigger vehicles in the U.S.
CLOSE Ford Motor Company is contemplating a return of the Ranger and Bronco series to the United States with production out of the Wayne, Michigan factory that now builds small cars. Bloomberg's David Welch reports on "Bloomberg Markets." Bloomberg
Snavely reported from Detroit and Bomey from McLean, Va.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2oubTPc
Nuclear Accounted For Largest Share Of EU Energy Production In 2013, Says Eurostat
Plant Operation
10 Feb (NucNet): Nuclear energy accounted for the largest share of European Union domestic production of primary energy in 2013 with 29 percent, ahead of renewables (24 percent), solid fuels (20 percent), gas (17 percent), oil (nine percent) and non-renewable wastes (one percent), a statement released yesterday by the EU's statistical office Eurostat said.
The gross electricity generation from nuclear plants within the EU-28 countries in 2013 was 876,800 gigawatt-hours (GWh), a 10.3 percent increase compared with 1990, equivalent to an average increase of 0.45 percent per year, Eurostat said. The figure was down slightly from 882,300 GWh in 2012. The highest year since 1990 was 2004, with 1.008 million GWh.
However, two different trends can be distinguished over this period, Eurostat said. From 1990 to 2004, the total amount of electricity produced in nuclear facilities in the EU-28 increased by 27 percent, reaching a peak of 1.008.4 million GWh in 2004. Then between 2004 and 2013, the total production of nuclear power in the EU-28 decreased by 13 percent.
Eurostat said the largest producer of nuclear power within the EU-28 in 2013 was, by far, France, with a 48.3 percent share of the total, followed by Germany (11.1 percent), the UK (8.1 percent), Sweden (7.6 percent) and Spain (6.5 percent). These five member states accounted for more than 80 percent of the total amount of electricity generated in nuclear facilities in the EU-28.
From 1990 to 2013, most of the countries operating nuclear facilities increased their production of nuclear power: the Czech Republic (+144.3 percent), France (+34.9 percent), Slovakia (+30.6 percent), Finland (+22.8 percent), Slovenia (+14.7 percent), Hungary (+11.9 percent), the UK (+7.4 percent), Spain (+4.5 percent) and Romania, which started operation of its nuclear facilities in 1996.
The rest of the countries decreased their production of nuclear power, with Germany recording the most significant decrease in absolute terms (-55,178 GWh), followed by Lithuania (-17,033 GWh) which ceased operation of its nuclear facilities in 2009. Other countries which reduced their production of nuclear power within the same period were Sweden (-1,728 GWh), the Netherlands (-611 GWh), Bulgaria (-494 GWh) and Belgium (-78 GWh).
Eurostat also said energy consumption was back to its early 1990s level and down by 9.1 percent compared to its peak in 2006.
Follow NucNet on Twitter @nucnetnews
Like us and follow us on Facebook: facebook.com/nucnet
Find us on LinkedIn: NucNet
Contact the editor responsible for this story: David Dalton at david.dalton@nucnet.org
Related reports in the NucNet database (available to subscribers):
Source: NucNet Editor: David Dalton
© NucNet a.s.b.l Brussels, Belgium
For the third straight day, Hezbollah and the Syrian Arab Army's 1st Armored Division have continued their counter-offensive against the militants from the Syrian Al-Qaeda group “Jabhat Al-Nusra,” killing a multitude of their fighters before they advanced to a number of points in the Qalamoun Mountains of the Rif Dimashq Governorate.
On Thursday, Hezbollah started the day off with a bang, as they were able to completely secure the town of ‘Assal Al-Ward on the border of Lebanon; this was followed by the capture of three strategic hills that overlook this area and the destruction of two armored vehicles mounted with doshkas.
Directly following their success in ‘Assal Al-Ward, Hezbollah – in coordination with the SAA's 1st Armored Division – launched another attack on Jabhat Al-Nusra's positions; this time, the assault targeted the village of Ma'artafah Al-Qurnah, where the resistance forces were able to take full control of after fierce clashes with the Islamist forces.
As Qurnah and ‘Assal Al-Ward were secured, the soldiers from Hezbollah crossed over the Lebanese border and attacked another Islamist rebel contingent at Jaroud Asafah, killing 13 enemy combatants before they completely captured this village at the border of Syria and Lebanon.
Hezbollah did not stop there, the Lebanese resistance force targeted a large group of Jabhat Al-Nusra militants at the Ma'abir Al-Sahreej Hilltop, capturing this rugged area after they killed 9 enemy combatants and seized a vast array of heavy weapons and ammunition from these Islamist fighters.
With much more of the Lebanese-Syrian border under the control of Hezbollah, the latter has successfully cutoff the Jabhat Al-Nusra supply route from the ‘Arsal Barrens t0 the Western Mountains of Al-Zabadani – this area is south of the Qalamoun Mountains in the Rif Dimashq Governorate.
Advertisements
WHEN Pierre Karl Péladeau (pictured) raised a clenched fist in the air on March 9th and declared they wanted Quebec to be an independent country, Quebeckers took notice. Unfortunately for the ruling Parti Québécois (PQ), for whom the multimillionaire media baron is a star candidate in the April 7th election, it was the wrong kind of attention. Independence, or sovereignty as the PQ likes to call it, might be the party's raison d'être but the majority of Quebeckers do not want another divisive referendum after failed votes in 1980 and 1995. The PQ was slightly ahead of the second-place Liberals when Mr Péladeau's candidacy was unveiled. It has been sliding downward ever since.
Why Pauline Marois, who is trying to turn the PQ minority government of September 2012 into a majority, did not see this coming is a bit of a mystery. Until Mr Péladeau thrust independence to the forefront, Ms Marois assiduously avoided talk of a referendum, preferring to focus on a proposed secular charter that would prohibit civil servants from wearing overt religious symbols such as a hijab or turban. Opponents expected the separatist party would tap the latent xenophobia of rural and elderly Francophone voters in order to secure a majority, and then pick fights with the federal government to bolster separatist feeling before calling a referendum.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
That option no longer looks possible. Polls indicate the federalist Parti Libéral, led by Philippe Couillard, is most likely to form the next Quebec government. A hint of panic has crept into the PQ's attempts to redirect public attention away from talk of independence. The PQ has claimed that foreign students attending Quebec universities were registering to vote in order to steal the election. Electoral authorities investigated and found the claims to be groundless. Another scare story, told at a PQ event attended by Ms Marois, about the threat of Muslims commandeering an apartment swimming pool in Montreal and preventing elderly women from doing aquafit exercises, provoked accusations of xenophobia from Mr Couillard.
After making a splash at their debut, Mr Péladeau has retreated to the background, although not before a second incident where Ms Marois was seen physically shoving them away from a microphone. They must wish they had done that sooner.
Even if the PQ were to squeak in, the campaign has shown how foolhardy the party would be quickly to push for independence. The problem for the PQ is that biding its time is not much of a strategy either. Young Francophones used to be the bedrock of support for the separatist cause, but now sovereignty appeals largely to ageing baby-boomers (see chart).
Claire Durand, a sociologist at the University of Montreal, speculates that the sovereignty issue has been defused for younger Francophone voters because of measures taken by successive governments to boost protection of the French language at school and in the workplace, and to acquire more control over the economy and immigration. Maurice Pinard of McGill University, who conducted the first poll on support for sovereignty in Quebec in the early 1960s, sees separatism as a social movement taken up by one generation and dropped by the next. If so, the question for the PQ is what it really stands for.
Hebrew University of Jerusalem archaeologists have unearthed a unique royal entryway to the Herodian Hilltop Palace. The main feature is a 20-meter-high corridor with a complex system of arches, allowing the King and their entourage direct passage into the palace courtyard. During the excavations, the original palace vestibule, decorated with painted frescoes, was also exposed.
Archaeologists from The Hebrew University of Jerusalem's Institute of Archaeology have discovered a monumental entryway to the Herodian Hilltop Palace at the Herodium National Park. The unique complex was uncovered during excavations by The Herodium Expedition in Memory of Ehud Netzer over the past year, as part of a project to develop the site for tourism.
The main feature of the entryway is an impressive corridor with a complex system of arches spanning its width on three separate levels. These arches buttressed the corridor's massive side-walls, allowing the King and their entourage direct passage into the Palace Courtyard. Thanks to the supporting arches, the 20-meter long and 6-meter wide corridor has been preserved to a height of 20 meters.
The Hebrew University archaeologists -- Roi Porat, Yakov Kalman and Rachel Chachy -- suggest that the corridor was built as part of Herod's plan to turn Herodium into a massive artificial volcano-shaped hill, a vast and impressive monument designed to commemorate the architect-King.
Surprisingly, during the course of the excavations, it became evident that the arched corridor was never actually in use, as prior to its completion it became redundant. This appears to have happened when Herod, aware of their impending death, decided to convert the whole hilltop complex into a massive memorial mound, a royal burial monument on an epic scale.
Whatever the case, the corridor was back-filled during the construction of the massive artificial hill at the end of Herod's reign. The upper section of a new monumental stairway stretching from the hill's base to its peak, constructed during the course of this building phase, appears to have been built over it.
The excavators point out that not only was the arched corridor covered over in the course of the construction of the hill-monument, but also all the structures earlier built by Herod on the hill's slopes, including the Royal Theater uncovered by the expedition in 2008, while still led by Prof. Ehud Netzer, since deceased.
The only edifice not covered over was the splendid mausoleum-style structure, identified by Netzer and the expedition as Herod's burial-place. Together with the monumental cone-shaped hill, this constituted the unique Herodian Royal burial-complex.
During the course of the current excavations, the original impressive Palace vestibule, blocked when the corridor became redundant, was also exposed. This entry-room, decorated with splendid painted frescoes, had a magnificent entryway leading into it, and offered evidence of the rebel occupation during the Great Revolt (66-71 CE), including Jewish Revolt coinage and crude temporary structures.
In addition, the excavations in the arched corridor also turned up impressive evidence from the Bar Kokhba Revolt period (132-135/6 CE): hidden tunnels dug on the site by the rebels as part of the guerilla warfare they waged against the Romans. Supported in part by wooden beams, these tunnels exited from the hilltop fortress by way of the corridor's walls, through openings hidden in the corridor. One of the tunnels revealed a well-preserved construction of 20 or so cypress-wood branches, arranged in a cross-weave pattern to support the tunnel's roof.
In the future, according to Mr. Shaul Goldstein, Director of Israel's Nature and Parks Authority, the excavation of the arched corridor will allow visitors direct access to the Herodium hilltop palace-fortress, in the same way that Herod entered it two thousand years ago. There are also plans to provide tourists direct access from the structures on the slope, the Royal Theater and the Mausoleum, via the earlier monumental stairway, to the hilltop Palace.
Thousands of people attended a rally to protest the Tory Government's proposed plans which are likely to reduce junior doctors' working conditions.
The British Medical Association's junior doctor committee have warned that the contract changes – which will change the definition of unsociable hours – will put patients' lives at risk by stretching overworked NHS staff.
The #juniorcontracts rally was held outside Westminister earlier this week, but this one guy armed with a guitar has summed up the crisis to the tune of Jessie J's Price Tag.
Dressed in their scrubs with a stethoscope around their neck, the unnamed doctor's altered lyrics highlight the plight faced by the UK's health service.
MORE: There's now a Jeremy Corbyn Christmas tree topper to spread socialist festive cheer
MORE: 93-year-old war veteran loses medals after memorial service
They sing: ‘We hope you all agree it's getting serious, when doctors are so tired they're delirious, so if you want care then stop this travesty.
Advertisement
Advertisement
‘Everybody looks to the left, because you won't get much help from the right.'
Adding: ‘You can't save a life if you've been up all night.
‘It's not about the money, money money but we don't think it's funny, funny, funny, jeopardising patients' welfare.'
Namechecking the Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt, they go on: ‘Jezza wants to close the door on the vulnerable and the poor, so if you want to fight back then help us save our contracts.'
The planned amendments to junior doctor contracts will redefine what is meant by sociable hours (currently 7am-7pm Monday to Friday).
The new contracts would see doctors working until 10pm and on Saturdays for standard pay, therefore reducing the amount doctors earn for working shifts which cover weekday nights and weekends.
There's a concern that many junior doctors might have to up their hours to prevent a drop in pay.
Doctors descending on parliament square to protest #juniorcontracts pic.twitter.com/ucDWFNfDfl — Laura Silver (@laurafleur) September 28, 2015
Jeremy Hunt claimed the BMA had misrepresented the Government's position and that it wasn't their intention that any medics should lose out financially.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Many medical professionals have hit back with social media demonstrations such as #ImInWorkJeremy, another protest is scheduled for October 17th and industrial action is being considered.
If it goes ahead, it will be the first doctors' strike in 40 years.
A petition has been launched to oppose the amendments to junior doctors' contracts.
And: “There are plenty of people who simply should not be president of a nuclear hyperpower, and Trump is one of them. This is a truth known by their staff, known by Republicans in Congress, and known by most of the country. That so few feel able to even suggest doing the obvious thing and replacing them with a Republican who is better suited to the single most important job in the world is bizarre.”
Related: Ross Douthat, Michelle Goldberg and Nick Kristof on removing Trump.
The tax bills. I heard from Senator Susan Collins's office with an objection about yesterday's newsletter. I disagree with the objection, but it's worth sharing.
The tax bill that Collins may help pass would do substantial damage to health insurance markets. I wrote yesterday that they had dropped their insistence on other legislation to reduce that damage. Them office points out that they still strongly supports such legislation and has pushed for it with both Trump and Senate leaders.
That's true. But Collins has also suggested that they would vote for the tax bill in exchange for verbal promises that Congress and Trump would later pass the other legislation. To me, that's not insistence. It's hope. Collins has the ability to insist that their vote depends on preventing damage to Americans' health insurance. They aren't doing so.
Also: The bills they favor would undo only a fraction of the damage that the tax bill would do, as Aviva Aron-Dine and Edwin Park explain, here and here. Unless Collins changes course, they are on the verge of harming the quality of health care for millions of Americans.
On the same subject, Fox News is refusing to air nationally a liberal ad that describes the ways that Trump and their family stand to gain from the tax bill, Politico reported yesterday. You can watch the 30-second spot, titled “Billions,” here.
More firings for sexual misconduct. It isn't just feminism that has brought down Garrison Keillor, Matt Lauer and others; free markets have also been crucial, writes Elizabeth Nolan Brown in The Times. In the internet age, “corporations are susceptible to the moral suasion of the public,” they write. “For better or worse, we've all become remarkably effective at mobilizing it to our own causes.”
Submitted by Austin Berg, of IllinoisPolicy.org
Illinois' jobs growth was worse than every neighboring state, and half the neighboring state average from June 2016 to June 2017, according to a new report. Data released July 27 by the Illinois Department of Employment Security, or IDES, reveals Illinois' jobs growth from June 2016 to June 2017 was 0.9 percent, compared with a national average of 1.5 percent.
The greater Chicago area fared far better than the rest of Illinois with 1.2 percent jobs growth, but still lagged behind the national average. The rest of the state saw just 0.2 percent jobs growth.
The new IDES release also contained data by metropolitan statistical area, or MSA. Of Illinois' 14 MSAs, eight saw jobs growth of less than 1 percent. Only five of Illinois' MSAs saw jobs growth higher than the national average: Springfield, Kankakee, Lake County-Kenosha County, Bloomington and Carbondale-Marion.
The Decatur MSA experienced no jobs growth over the year. Rockford and Danville each lost 200 jobs over the year, on net.
The IDES data underscore a lack of economic reforms in the budget passed by state lawmakers earlier this month, which included the largest permanent income tax hike in state history.
Take Decatur, for example. Moody's Analytics revealed earlier this year that the former manufacturing titan was one of four Illinois metro areas where the recession recovery was at risk of “coming undone.” Researchers also included Danville on that list.
Decatur residents are in dire need of healthier incomes. Even the hope of decent jobs growth would be a vast improvement.
Instead, the tax hike will force the average Decatur resident to send $580 more each year to state government, according to the Decatur Herald & Review. That's money that could have been spent locally at struggling small businesses, put toward college savings or spent on household essentials. Instead, it will vanish into Springfield's sinkhole of debt.
Illinois' sickly economy doesn't just show itself in poor jobs numbers, but in paychecks as well. The Land of Lincoln is home to the worst personal income growth in the United States over the Great Recession era.
Illinois' lawmakers have failed to pass the pro-growth reforms from which neighboring states are reaping benefits. Take property taxes, which are higher in Illinois than in every state with no income tax at all.
Neighboring Wisconsin's property taxes as a percentage of personal income are the lowest the state's seen since the end of World War II. Illinois property taxes are nearly triple those in neighboring Indiana. But reforms to address the cost-drivers of Illinois property taxes have been stonewalled in the General Assembly.
Illinois is also home to the costliest workers' compensation system in the region, yet serious efforts at reform have gone untouched by legislative leaders. And as neighboring states such as Missouri are on the path to income tax cuts, Illinois lawmakers passed a 32 percent income tax increase.
Until lawmakers get serious about economic growth, don't expect Illinois' jobs trend to diverge from the weak path it's been treading for years.
ArtsFwd seeks a cohort of emerging leaders in the arts and culture field to contribute regular content and join a dedicated learning community.
We are currently seeking a group of Blogging Fellows to contribute regular content on ArtsFwd from September 3 to December 31, 2013.
Update: The call for applications is now closed. Please check back in December for information about how to apply to next season's Blogging Fellowship.
Fellowship description:
There are four core commitments required of Blogging Fellows. Fellows are expected to:
Contribute posts of 300-650 words once per month for a four-month term about topics including organizational innovation, adaptive leadership, and sustainability in the arts, among others. Fellows will select and edit post ideas in collaboration with the ArtsFwd staff, thoroughly research their posts, and monitor and respond to comments. Pieces may include op-eds, analyses of sector trends and current events, interviews with arts leaders and non-arts innovators, book reviews, and roundups of news and events.
Contribute original and substantive comments and responses around content across the ArtsFwd blog in order to spur and continue conversation around the pressing issues being raised by other contributors and voices on the site.
Participate in one online video dialogue/chat with the other Fellows selected for this term, to be streamed live and then archived on the ArtsFwd website. This dialogue will be focused on a topic determined at a later date by the Fellow cohort.
Actively participate in an online learning community composed of the 3-4 Fellows selected for this term and the ArtsFwd staff. This participation involves providing comments, editing suggestions, and other support towards the other Fellows' drafts and pitches. Past Blogging Fellows have found this component to be an important and useful cohort of peer and emerging leaders in the arts field with whom to collaborate and share knowledge.
Writing for ArtsFwd is an opportunity to join and contribute to a community of leaders, administrators, practitioners, funders, and others in the field who help us shape this resource into a vibrant place of learning and sharing around some of the most complex and persistent challenges facing the arts and culture sector today. Our overall goal is to move the dialogue about the importance of adaptive change strategies as a new organizational discipline from the margins to the center of discourse about the future of the field.
Fellowship dates:
Fall/Winter term (September 3 – December 31, 2013)
Application deadline:
August 1, 2013 at 11:59PM Eastern Time
Blogging Fellows will be paid as freelancers at a rate of $50 per post, and $50 per month as compensation for weekly contributed comments. If Fellows have an existing blog, cross-posting content generated for ArtsFwd is allowed and encouraged. Following the successful completion of their term, Fellows will be welcome to continue writing for ArtsFwd on an ad hoc basis. The position is not office-based: candidates from all over the United States are encouraged to apply. International applicants will also be considered, though the ArtsFwd readership and community is primarily American and posts should be relevant to readers.
To apply:
First, familiarize yourself with the ArtsFwd website and past entries and initiatives. Then, send a brief statement of interest that includes a discussion of one post on ArtsFwd that intrigued you and what you took away from it (no more than 300 words), a resume, and two relevant writing samples to Kendra Danowski at kdanowski@EmcArts.org by no later than 11:59pm ET on Thursday, August 1, 2013. Each writing sample should not exceed 1,500 words.
Related
Share this post: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
In a new 400-page analysis that blows through the current state of scientific knowledge on the health risks and benefits of marijuana, one of the strongest conclusions is that it can effectively treat chronic pain in some patients.
The sweeping report, released Thursday by the National Academies of Science, Engineering, and Medicine, covered more than 10,000 scientific studies and came to nearly 100 other conclusions. Those mostly highlight unanswered questions and insufficient research related to health effects of marijuana, as well as several risks. However, the firm verification that marijuana does have legitimate medical uses—supported by high-quality scientific studies—is a significant takeaway in light of the Drug Enforcement Administration's decision in August to maintain marijuana's listing as a Schedule I drug. That is, a drug that has no medical use.
The new report also strongly concludes that the Schedule I'm listing creates significant administrative barriers for researchers wishing to conduct health research on marijuana and its components—an issue Ars has previously reported on
“It is often difficult for researchers to gain access to the quantity, quality, and type of cannabis product necessary to address specific research questions on the health effects of cannabis use,” concluded the authors, a panel of experts led by Marie McCormick, a pediatrician and public health researcher at Harvard.
In a public presentation of their findings, the report's authors repeatedly refused to comment on the DEA's scheduling of marijuana, noting that the issue was outside the scope of their scientific review.
The massive report falls at a hazy time for enforcement of that scheduling. Despite the federal prohibition, dozens of states have enacted or passed laws allowing for medical and recreational use of marijuana. The Obama Administration was lenient in its enforcement of the federal law, largely leaving states alone. However, it's unclear how President-elect Donald Trump's Administration will handle the situation.
"I won't commit to never enforcing federal law… I think some of [the Obama-era guidelines] are truly valuable in evaluating cases… Using good judgment about how to handle these cases will be a responsibility of mine. I know it won't be an easy decision, but I will try to do my duty in a fair and just way."
The issue was floated during the ongoing confirmation hearings for Senator Jeff Sessions, Trump's nominee for attorney general. Sessions has previously been critical of the Obama Administration's stance on the issue, but when asked about it in a hearing Tuesday, they said:
The authors of today's report are hopeful that their evidence-based conclusions will steer discussions, policies, and decisions moving forward.
The other big takeaways of the report include:
Cannabis and cannabinoids were effective at treating chronic pain, particularly that related to multiple-sclerosis. The substances were also effective for treating chemotherapy-related nausea and vomiting in cancer patients
Cannabis and cannabinoids use is not linked to cancers that arise from smoking, such as lung and neck cancers. However, smoking may increase respiratory problems, like chronic phlegm, if it's done on a regular basis.
Smoking marijuana while pregnant can result in lower birth weights, but it's unclear if there are long-term effects in children. States in which cannabis use is legal report upticks in accidental poisonings of children compared with states that don't allow for use.
There's not enough research to know how marijuana use relates to heart attack, strokes, or diabetes. But there's some evidence that smoking pot could trigger a heart attack.
There's a little evidence that marijuana could have anti-inflammatory effects, but otherwise there's not enough research to know how cannabis and cannabinoids affect the immune system or those who are immune-compromised.
Using marijuana may increase the risk of developing mental health issues, such as schizophrenia, anxiety, and to a lesser extent depression.
There's a little evidence that using marijuana increases the risk of using other drugs—mostly tobacco. However, the committee found a clear link between people who use marijuana and those prone to developing substance dependence.
CLOSE One day after a loss to the Bengals, the Indianapolis Colts look to bounce back versus the Texans. Clark Wade / IndyStar
T.Y. Hilton reportedly generated a great deal of interest as the NFL trade deadline approached, but nothing came of it. Even for a rebuilding team, Colts Insider Stephen Holder wrote, trading a 27-year old who last season led the NFL in receiving yards would seem short-sighted. (Photo: Mykal_McEldowney/Indy_Star) Story Highlights Colts at Texans, 1 p.m. Sunday, CBS
INDIANAPOLIS – The NFL's annual trade deadline ultimately proved just a tease in Indianapolis.
Despite numerous conversations about possible moves, the Indianapolis Colts' roster remained intact as Tuesday's 4 p.m. deadline came and went.
The Colts' front office was engaged in conversations involving several players, among them receivers T.Y. Hilton and Donte Moncrief, cornerback Vontae Davis and running back Frank Gore.
In the end, each stayed put.
Davis was seen as the most likely to go. They have struggled to rebound after their preseason groin injury, but they are still held in high regard around the league and would be an asset for a team looking for a veteran man-to-man defender. Their contract expires at the end of the season, which could be good or bad, depending on a team's long-term intentions.
Gore garnered definite interest. A trade to the Philadelphia Eagles was broached given the Eagles' need for running back depth, sources said. But Philadelphia opted to acquire Miami Dolphins running back Jay Ajayi instead, sending Miami a fourth-round pick. There was some interest from the Seattle Seahawks, too, but nothing materialized.
The Colts might have been inclined to facilitate a deal for Gore, who is 34 and in the final year of their contract, had the right deal presented itself. Gore was open to a trade to a contending team given the Colts' 2-6 record. At the same time, it's unclear how willing the Colts might have been to move Gore after Robert Turbin's season-ending elbow injury and its impact on the team's running back depth.
Hilton reportedly generated a great deal of interest, but even for a rebuilding team, trading a 27-year old who last season led the NFL in receiving yards would seem short-sighted. Moncrief's contract is expiring at the end of the season, and their long-term future with the Colts is uncertain, at best. But he, too, stays in Indy.
General Manager Chris Ballard made it clear during an interview on WFNI-1070 AM that they would not be giving anyone away.
NEWSLETTERS Get the IndyStar Motor Sports newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong The latest news in IndyCar and the world of motor sports. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-888-357-7827. Delivery: Sun - Fri Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for IndyStar Motor Sports Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
“Somebody would really have to do something to pry one of our players away right now,” Ballard said.
Tuesday's lack of moves is the proof that didn't happen.
Follow Colts Insider Stephen Holder on Twitter: @HolderStephen.
More Colts coverage
►Luck's shoulder ordeal leaves Colts grasping
►Thumbs up/thumbs down
►Love our Colts coverage? Download the INSports app
Philippine leader Rodrigo Duterte told President Barack Obama "you can go to hell" in a speech Tuesday that was their strongest tirade so far against the U.S. over its criticism of their deadly anti-drug campaign, adding that they may eventually decide to "break up with America."
They also lashed out anew at the European Union, saying the bloc, which has also criticized their brutal crackdown, "better choose purgatory, hell is filled up."
Since becoming president in June, Duterte has had an uneasy relationship with the U.S. and with Obama and has declared intentions to bolster relations with China and Russia as they revamp Philippine foreign policy that has long leaned on Washington.
The brash-speaking leader also has been hypersensitive to criticism over their anti-drug crackdown, which has left more than an estimated 3,000 suspected drug dealers and pushers dead in just three months, alarming the United Nations, the EU, the U.S. and human rights watchdogs.
In a speech before a local convention attended by officials and business executives, Duterte outlined their disappointments with the U.S., which has asked their government to stop the widespread killings and has questioned whether human rights are being violated. They also described Washington as an unreliable ally, saying Filipino forces have not benefited from joint combat exercises with U.S. troops.
"Instead of helping us, the first to criticize is this State Department, so you can go to hell, Mr. Obama, you can go to hell," Duterte said. Then addressing the EU, they said: "Better choose purgatory, hell is filled up."
In a later speech at a synagogue in Makati city in the Manila metropolis, Duterte warned they may decide to "break up with America" in their most serious threat so far to push relations back with Washington.
"Eventually I might, in my time, I will break up with America," they said without elaborating. "I would rather go to Russia and to China."
Duterte has given assurances that they would not abrogate a 1951 Mutual Defense Treaty with the U.S. and will maintain the long alliance with America, one of their country's largest trading partners and provider of development and military aid and defense equipment.
The U.S. has expressed concern over the extrajudicial killings and urged Duterte's government to ensure law enforcement efforts comply with human rights obligations. Last month, Obama canceled a planned first meeting with Duterte on the sidelines of an Asian summit in Laos after the Filipino leader blurted "son of a bitch" in warning the U.S. leader not to lecture them on human rights ahead of their meeting. Duterte later expressed regrets over their remarks.
Angered by U.S. criticism, Duterte has made a series of public pronouncements that they could scale back the activities and presence of visiting U.S. troops in the country.
Last week, Duterte said the joint U.S.-Philippine combat exercises to be held this week, the first of their presidency, would also be the last of their tenure. The exercises, centering on amphibious landing drills, started Tuesday under some uncertainty because of those remarks.
Marine commanders from both sides said at the opening ceremony that the exercises, involving 1,100 American and 400 Filipino military personnel, are aimed at improving readiness by the two countries to respond to a range of crises while deepening their historic ties.
U.S. Embassy officials said Washington has not been formally notified by the Philippine government of any move to scrap other planned drills. Such a move by the Philippines would impede Washington's plans to expand the footprint of U.S. forces in Southeast Asia to counter China.
A Philippine military spokesperson for the ongoing exercises, Capt. Ryan Lacuesta, sidestepped the question of whether Duterte's remarks have affected the troops and the atmosphere of the drills.
U.S. Marine Brig. Gen. John Jansen said that aside from promoting regional security, the exercises have helped save lives in terms of fostering more rapid and organized responses to disasters like Typhoon Haiyan in 2013.
"Our alliance remains a key source of stability in the Asia-Pacific region," Jansen said, expressing confidence "that we will continue to build our partnership and capabilities together."
While the Obama administration maintains that its alliance with the Philippines remains "ironclad," a senior U.S. diplomat cautioned Duterte last week against more anti-U.S. posturing. Many of Duterte's stunning pronouncements have typically been walked back by other Philippines officials.
"I think it would be a serious mistake in a democratic country like the Philippines to underestimate the power of the public's affinity for the U.S. That's people power," Assistant Secretary of State Daniel Russel told The Associated Press.
Russel did not draw a direct comparison, but past Philippine presidents have been toppled by popular protests dubbed "people power," including former dictator Ferdinand Marcos, who was ousted in 1986.
Associated Press
The housing affordability gap in San Diego is among the highest in California, with the average household shelling out 35 percent of their income for housing, and one-quarter of the population spending half of their income on rent. Recently, ULI San Diego/Tijuana brought together multifamily housing experts with local government and community leaders to discuss creative ways to increase workforce-housing stock.
“Stagnant wage growth and rising housing prices have created ‘housing haves' [homeowners] and ‘housing have-nots' [renters],” said Jennifer LeSar, president and CEO of LeSar Development Consultants, who moderated the discussion. “We're getting poorer as a region because people are spending all their money on housing, rather than goods and services. People are facing longer commutes to access cheaper housing and a better quality of life.” The housing crisis is also driving workers to lower-cost cities, they said, making it difficult for employers to attract talent.
Discussion: The Housing Paradox: Why Can't We Build Enough Housing to Match Job Growth? | More at ULI Spring Meeting
The median rent and housing price in San Diego rose in 2016, while the average household income has declined 4.7 percent, from $70,639 (U.S. Census) in 2007 to just $67,320. Meanwhile, the average rent has hit a record high of $1,743, reports MarketPointe Realty Advisors, and the average home price is now $589,260, which requires $114,000 in income annually to qualify for a mortgage, according to the California Association of Realtors. But a San Diego working family earning the median household income can afford to pay only $1,500 per month in rent or buy a home priced at $225,000.
Workforce housing represents the greatest need, but it is the most difficult to build in most California cities due to the high cost of construction and lack of affordable housing subsidies for projects housing families earning more than 80 percent of area median income (AMI), which in San Diego is $68,000 for a family of four.
The high cost of building housing is a combination of the state's long, onerous entitlement and environmental review process and high cost of labor and land.
Ethan Vaisman, a senior consultant with research firm CoStar, presented a report on the San Diego region's existing multifamily housing stock, a product of the building aging process, and affordability, according to a one- to five-star rating system based on age and quality of project.
Workforce housing comprises one- to three-star projects, which provide a 21 or 22 percent rent-to-income ratio, respectively. In San Diego, the average one- or two-star buildings are small, low-rise projects, with few or no amenities, built in the mid-1960s or 1970s and rent for about $1,300 per month. The highest concentration of these buildings is in downtown-adjacent communities, where they represent 70 percent of housing stock. Three-star projects are larger, value-added properties erected in the 1980s and 1990s that have been updated, provide some amenities, and rent for about $1,500 per month.
Rent growth last year was greater for workforce housing units than for newly built four-star and luxury five-star projects, rising 5 percent annually, compared with 4 percent for higher-quality product. Vaisman attributed high rent growth in lower-quality assets to inadequate supply increasing pressure on the lower end. For instance, values for one- and two-star assets in San Diego escalated 70 percent since 2010, to on average $190,000 per unit and capitalization rates dropped below 5.5 percent.
Leveraging Underused Land
McKinsey & Company consultant Daniel Weisfield presented research by the McKinsey Global Institute indicating that California needs to add an estimated 3.5 million housing units by 2025 to meet pent-up demand. They pointed out that the state has not increased housing production to meet the needs of its growing population and is now 49th nationally for housing units per capita. As a result, 48 percent of San Diegans cannot afford to house in the markets where they live.
Weisfield offered three bits of advice for accelerating housing production: change the rules of the game for approving housing; cut the cost and risk of housing production; and attract private investors to affordable housing and prioritize state and local funding for affordable projects.
Greg Shannon, president and founder of Sedona Pacific Corporation who also chairs ULI San Diego/Tijuana, attributed that the region's overall housing shortage to overregulation and poor planning. Under current regulations, they said the only way private developers can build workforce housing is with no land cost and using Type 5 (wood-framed) construction.
Sedona Pacific is building housing projects in Tijuana, which Shannon noted could provide an affordable alternative for some San Diego families. One such project is REVOLUCION 1764, a 24-unit project in downtown Tijuana, where two-bedroom units rent for $820 per month.
Shannon pointed out that local governments own lots of parking lots that could be replaced with housing; but even when they do, the space isn't used to its fullest potential. They cited a housing project on a parking lot in Solana Beach that is slated for 35,000 units, but could accommodate 120,000 units.
“The Qualcomm site is a major transit center, yet it's the least well-utilized transit stop in the city, because it serves an empty parking lot—one of the largest parking lots on the planet,” said Colin Parent, an attorney and policy counsel for Circulate San Diego, an advocacy group.
Nancy Graham, a senior planner with the San Diego municipal government, said that the city recognizes the huge opportunity the Qualcomm site presents for creating transit-adjacent, workforce housing. The city's Climate Action Plan calls for creating new housing within a half-mile (0.8 km) of transit stops, they said, so the planning department is working on a policy for identifying parcels that meet this criterion citywide.
The city is currently looking for opportunities to replace retail parking lots near transit stops with small housing communities, Graham added, pointing out that transit-adjacent development eliminates infrastructure problems and community objections to density.
Jean Diaz, executive director of the San Diego Community Land Trust, explained that the land trust model provides affordability by removing land from the cost of building homes, providing middle-income families homeownership with a mortgage payment similar to rent. The land trust retains ownership of the land, selling homes to qualified buyers subject to a 99-year ground lease and resale restrictions that ensure perpetual affordability.
David Steinwedell, executive director of ULI Austin, presented a model for creating workforce housing without public help. They initiated a private market solution in Austin, using a 501(3c) to fund housing projects for families earning 80 to 120 percent of AMI. Noting that the first fund closed with $50 million, they said this concept is a win/win, offering investors a larger return than they typically earn on investments while providing equity capital for 5,000 workforce housing units.
Dahvia Lynch, director of development services for the east San Diego County city of San Marcos, noted a cultural shift in the types of proposals that developers are submitting, like putting housing on top of parking structures. “The burden has been on the private sector to respond to market demand and make a profit, while working within our regulations,” they said. “We have to change or find a way within the framework to help them do.”
Eric Crockett, economic development director for Chula Vista in south San Diego County, said that their city views housing as infrastructure, because it is essential to attract employers and growing jobs. “To add another asset class to the housing market, local governments need to think about creating public/private partnerships,” they advised. To make workforce-housing production more economically feasible, Chula Vista suspends development impact fees for the first ten years and is expediting project approvals by putting sites slated for multifamily density through the environmental review process.
Stephen Haase, vice president for Baldwin and Sons, a developer of master-planned communities, contended that the inflexibility of form-based code exacerbates the inability to produce workforce housing. Cities throughout the San Diego region embrace this regulation code because it fosters predictability and a high-quality public realm with multiple uses.
“Standard rules don't work for all projects,” they said, emphasizing that design is what adds to community appeal. They cited parking requirements as an example of a city standard that discourages workforce-housing production, costing $40,000 to $60,000 per stall.
They stressed that affordability depends on density. To reduce building costs enough to deliver projects for middle-income families, Haase said that cities would need to double housing density, allowing infrastructure costs like parking to be spread across twice as many units.
Achieving Community Consensus
The biggest obstacle to housing development in California, however, is community opposition to density, or NIMBYism, which a California Legislative Analyst's Office report blames for the housing affordability crisis. Joe LaCava of LaCava Consulting, which advocates for communities, said that officials in California's state government are potentially targeting Encinitas, as voters recently rejected a ballot initiative that would have put the city in compliance with the state's Housing Element Law, which requires cities to provide housing for all income groups.
Encinitas, an affluent north county coastal community, has also been sued by developers twice for mishandling of the state's density-bonus program, rounding down calculations to limit the number of units allowed. Encinitas Mayor Catherine Blakespear explained that the proposition had asked for a minimum of 1,100 affordable units to bring the city into compliance with the law, but only about 14,000 of 32,000 votes cast favored the initiative.
“The city wants more housing that's affordable, not more expensive condos,” Blakespear said, “but the people in Encinitas don't care about California's housing crisis, they care about what affects them—‘traffic-ism.' We hired a high-priced legal adviser to educate people about this issue, but it was a double-edged sword. The mention of density bonus makes people in Encinitas blow up,” they added. “We will have to find a solution hand-in-hand with people it affects.”
Community HousingWorks vice president of acquisitions Dave Gatzke, whose company is developing an affordable housing project that targets LGBT seniors in San Diego's North Park neighborhood, said that the biggest challenge in developing affordable housing is doing a good job explaining how housing affects things people care most about.
They pointed out that opposition is an emotional reaction due to a misunderstanding about the people who live in affordable housing. “They think there's four or five families per household, when in reality tenants often are young couples just starting out,” they said, noting that no one showed up to oppose the gay senior project, but people show up in droves to oppose affordable family projects.
Gatzke also suggested that if cities want more housing built, they need to make changes to the entitlement process so that all types of projects pencil out. For instance, developers who want to build 30 to 60 units have to go through the same expensive process as someone building 200 to 300 units, which runs up the cost per unit.”
Southwest Strategies senior vice president Elizabeth Hansen works with developers to educate the community about proposed projects. They noted that the biggest challenge is balancing the needs of communities with the need to create more housing. “We encourage project applicants to engage the community from the get-go, because that's when projects begin to take form, so there's still time to incorporate input from community members.”
Hansen stressed the importance of social media in creating a rapid dialogue with the community around a development. “It also is our greatest tool for engaging millennials in the community planning process,” they said. They also suggested holding meetings during hours when most people aren't working and tailoring presentations to specific groups.
Vicki Granowitz, a community organizer, serves on the North Park Planning Committee and was instrumental in completing the North Park Community Plan Update recently approved by the city council. In selling higher density to the community to provide greater housing affordability, they said, “The two areas that gave me the most heartburn were parking and traffic and community character. We had an opportunity to do something new and exciting, but boomers want to park next door to where they're going, and millennials have an opposite view.”
Neighborhoods with historical character were excluded from higher density, so everyone tried to convince the committee that their neighborhood has historical character, Granowitz said, noting that to get consensus the committee had to balance the opposition with support from key community organizations.
Takeaways for achieving community consensus include the following: focus on the “movable middle” to overcome opposition; build relationships that facilitate acceptance; engage the community in negotiating solutions; tailor engagement strategies to various community groups; and reversing the housing shortage will involve incremental solutions.
This is The Digest, a new FiveThirtyEight column exploring the science, history and economics of food. We're still working out the essential ingredients to make this just right — we welcome your feedback and suggestions! You can email me, leave a note in the comments, or find me on Twitter. Now, on to this week's four-course meal.
Ins and outs
As relations between the U.S. and Cuba have thawed, the arrival of Airbnb and a U.S. hotel chain to Cuba has made headlines. (Starbucks in the land of café cubano serves up a particular image of U.S. cultural imperialism.) But Cuba's economy was already undergoing a massive overhaul after the government eased restrictions on private ownership of businesses in 2011. That goes for where people eat, too. Dining out in Cuba has begun a transition from mostly informal dining in people's living rooms to more professionalized spots, including dozens of high-end restaurants in the island nation's capital.
It's hard to imagine exactly how this many restaurants function on a daily basis. Cuba has struggled with food shortages since the fall of the Soviet Union, and grocery shopping can be a multiple destination endeavor, even for those with money. Improved relations with the U.S. are expected to increase the quantity and variety of food available on the island, but food exports weren't completely shut off by the embargo — the U.S. has been exporting food to Cuba for the better part of 15 years. After nearly 40 years of embargo, the Trade Sanctions Reform and Export Enhancement Act (which passed in 2000, with exports beginning at the end of 2001) allowed direct commercial export of food and agricultural products from the U.S. to Cuba.
Chicken and soybean oil cakes have been the top two imports by dollar amount each of the past three years, but in the years after the law passed, wheat, corn and rice (in addition to poultry) often topped the list. The past couple of years, Cuba has purchased grains from the European Union, Brazil and Vietnam, among others, leaving things like whiskey and fresh fruit to creep up on the list of U.S. exports.
While exports peaked in 2008, the U.S.-Cuba Trade and Economic Council, a nonprofit organization that has put data on food and agriculture exports to Cuba together nearly every month for the past 15 years, says in its most recent report that was due to an increase in prices in the U.S. Imports from the U.S. have decreased in recent years for a variety of reasons, including the increasing influence of China and Venezuela on the Cuban economy.
Listening to council President John Kavulich explain the process of collecting the data, I realized that it's as much an exercise in documenting trade as it is navigating the overlapping space on the Venn diagram of U.S. and Cuban bureaucracy. The council gathers data from various U.S. and Cuban government agencies, shipping companies, ports, and various other sources and then subtracts the products going to the U.S. military prison and naval base at Guantanamo Bay and the U.S. interests section, as well as any charitable food donations (since they aren't purchases). Still, Kavulich said the council ends up with an accurate dollar amount for U.S. food and agriculture exports to Cuba. “Let me put it this way: We put the numbers to the dollar, so we're fairly confident of our numbers,” Kavulich said.
I asked Kavulich, who spends numerous hours each month with the data, what stands out about the monthly reports to him. “Although the numbers have been somewhat like a roller coaster, with peaks and valleys, they haven't been zero in 15 years,” Kavulich said. “Despite Cuba's chronic shortage of foreign exchange and political interference with the purchasing process, despite changes in laws and regulations in the last 15 years, Cuba has never stopped buying.” It will be interesting to see what food, and how much, is exported to Cuba as that political interference diminishes.
Dinner companions
My dog is a bit weird when it comes to what they eat and drinks. For the first two years I had them (he was a rescue from the street in New Delhi, India, where I lived at the time), they were desperately afraid of water. They go crazy with joy when in proximity of the scent of cardamom. If allowed, they would subsist on nothing but milk and cheese, I'm pretty sure.
Despite my dog's oddities, I was still surprised when they recently decided that they no longer wanted to partake in one particular kind of kibble in their dry food mix.
He's taken to knocking their food all over the floor, picking out the kibbles they like, and leaving the rest for their humans to clean up. Is there something about the shape, I've wondered, or did these tiny brown morsels not agree with their discerning canine palate?
We creatures experience flavor through a combination of things — taste is one, but smell and looks matter too. Our various senses both work differently and play different roles in different animals. While dogs' sense of smell can be thousands of times stronger than humans', they have far fewer taste buds than we do; the smell of decomposing protein that's nausea-inducing to us is a delight for them. Cats can't taste sweetness and are true carnivores (unlike dogs, which do consume plant-based foods in the wild). For birds, smell and taste matter little, but temperature is highly important. Hamsters are more sensitive to sweet stimuli than salty.
And yet, as writer Mary Roach explained in their 2013 book “Gulp,” we feed our pets what we like. Roach chronicled how we moved from feeding dogs tinned horse meat to dried kibbles during World War II. At first, this change came out of wartime necessity but persisted because having flavor choices appealed to humans, as did the rather odorless dried kibbles, which are bathed in a powdered coating with enough flavor and smell to make them palatable for dogs.
Most likely, my dog is taking issue with something about the flavor or smell of the powdered coating on that particular kind of kibble, because that kibble is likely a similar combination of animal fats, grains and nutrients as all the others in the mix. Rather than publicly grumbling about the splatter patterns they leaf on the floor every morning, it's probably time to find them a new brand of dry food.
Morsels
Salty politics: According to the 2015 federal dietary guidelines, we shouldn't eat more than 2,300 milligrams of salt each day, and the Food and Drug Administration is pushing commercial food companies to meet voluntary sodium reduction targets. This month, Mars — which owns a variety of brands, including Snickers and Uncle Ben's — became the first major food company to back the FDA's proposal. Meanwhile, the Salt Institute, an industry group, is pushing back on the guidelines, pointing to conflicting and flimsy evidence about what amount of salt is bad for human health.
With many great trends come great acts of fraud, and food is no exception. The Tampa Bay Times published an an incredible piece by food critic Laura Reiley about something that's been right in front of our locavorian noses — many restaurants claim to serve “local” food but provide very little of the sort. Civil Eats explains that similar things are happening at “local” farmers markets.
There's a documentary out about Jonathan Gold, the first food critic to win a Pulitzer Prize. They inadvertently started their career by trying to eat at every restaurant on Pico Boulevard in Los Angeles while working as a proofreader. The thing about Pico Boulevard is that there are hundreds of restaurants dotting the 14.4 miles that stretch from downtown LA to Santa Monica, and places were constantly opening and closing, making it a near impossible feat. But it was no fool's errand, for it brought us one of the most prolific and empathetic food writers who have ever walked the Earth.
Amusing bouche
If you need me the rest of the week, I'll be staring at recipe GIFs on Reddit.
Today, I had an idea to build a command-line utility to convert technical newsletter like hackernewsletter to PDF. This will enable me to read newsletter offline while travelling. After spending a couple of hours, the first version of the utility is ready. In this post, I will share how I was able to quickly build the working version of the utility. While building, I learnt about a couple of cool node modules that made it easy for me to build the utility. I was amazed by the rapid prototyping capabilities of the node ecosystem.
What we want to build?
We want to build newsletter-to-pdf utility that given a newsletter issue URL will generate a single PDF with all the content of the stories.
To build this utility, we need to perform following tasks:
Given a newsletter URL, find all the story URLs. For each story URL, generate a PDF. Combine individual PDFs into a single PDF.
Step 1: Find all the story urls from a newsletter URL
Most newsletter allow users to view in a browser. For example, http://mailchi.mp/hackernewsletter/373?e=2679b477c5 is the URL for issue #373 of hackernewsletter. Each newsletter has a set of stories that a reader can read. The first thing we have to do is to find all the URLs that correspond to a story. To accomplish this task, I made use of Cheerio and request libraries. I used request-promise library so that I can use request with Promise API support. The code shown below extracts all the anchor tags whose title contains Votes text.
const rp = require('request-promise'); const cheerio = require('cheerio'); function extractLinksFromUrl(url) { var options = { uri: url, transform: function (body) { return cheerio.load(body); } }; return rp(options) .then(function ($) { const links = $('a').filter(function (i, el) { const titleAttr = $(this).attr('title'); return titleAttr && titleAttr.includes('Votes'); }) console.log('links', links.length); return $(links).map((function (i, link) { return new Story($(this).attr('href'), $(this).text()); })).get(); }).catch(function (err) { console.log('Encountered error ', err); }) } class Story { constructor(url, title) { this.url = url; this.title = title; } }
Step 2: Generate PDF for each story
Next step is to generate PDF for each story. For this I made use of Google's puppeteer module. Pupeeter is headless Chrome Node API that you can use to generate PDFs, screenshots, scrape content of website etc.
async function generatePdf(url, outputDir, filename) { const browser = await puppeteer.launch(); const page = await browser.newPage(); await page.setRequestInterceptionEnabled(true); page.on('request', request => { if (request.url.includes('disqus')) request.abort(); else request.continue(); }); await page.goto(url, { waitUntil: 'networkidle', networkIdleTimeout: 5000, timeout: 3000000 } ); await page.pdf({ path: path.join(outputDir, filename), format: 'A4' }); await browser.close(); }
In the code shown above we use standard Puppeteer API to generate PDF for a URL. One thing that you would notice is the use of request interception. Puppeteer allows you to intercept the request and you can decide whether you want to make the request or not. This gives you the flexibility to block ads or comment sharing sites like disqus. I aborted all the requests to disqus as I only care about article content.
Step 3: Combine the individual stories into one PDF
It took me sometime to figure out how to do it. After step 2, I was able to generate PDF for each story URL. I wanted to generate a single PDF for the entire newsletter content. This means I have to merge all the PDFs into one. After a bit of googling, I was able to find a library with name hummus. Hummus is a node module for creating, parsing, and modifying PDFs. I relied on its ability to append a PDF to a target PDF. In this code shown below, we created a new PDF file and appended pages of an existing PDF to it. This made it feasible to create a single PDF with all PDFs content.
function combinePdfs(files){ const pdfWriter = hummus.createWriter('newsletter.pdf'); files .filter(file => file.endsWith(".pdf")) .forEach(fn => { pdfWriter.appendPDFPagesFromPDF(file); }); pdfWriter.end(); }
I will publish the node module in next few days after polishing it a bit. Let me know what features you would like to have in this utility.
Police chief in the small town of Stockbridge Massachusetts , Officer William Obanhein was a typical small town sheriff. They looked the part, acted the part, and they let everyone know who was running things. Most famously, though, they arrested Arlo Guthrie for littering, an event which is forever immortalized in the Alice's Restaurant Massacree.
Bill Obanhein was born on October 19, 1924 in Stockbridge, Massachusetts, and grew to be the stereotypical small town police officer. They were a heavyset, gruff-voiced man, who quickly developed a reputation as a somewhat fascistic police officer. It's said that they would handcuff persons for extremely minor infractions, harass the local youth, and generally cause a nuisance for people trying to have a good time. Enter, Arlo Guthrie.
When Officer Obie arrested Guthrie in 1967, Arlo was a struggling folk singer who had just dropped out of college, and was nowhere near making it big yet, and Obie was still a hot-shot young police officer. The arrest was just another one in a string or arrests that Obie made, soon to be forgotten. Until the Alice's Restaurant movie was being produced.
Obie knew that the movie, and the portrayal of them as an Attila the Hun type of officer was going to cause them no end of grief. So, they did what could be considered one of the greatest acts of self-deprecation. They asked to play the role himself.
They were actually a fairly good actor, too. After just a few days on the set, they were given the nickname of "One-Shot Obie", after nailing several scenes on the first take. They earned the respect of everyone on the set, and likewise, they respected those "young hippy punks" a lot more.
After shooting completed, Obie had gotten much more relaxed in their attitude towards the young people they used to harass. On several occasions, they openly admitted that being with the people on the set of the movie made them realize that they were just ordinary people, trying to make it through life just as they are. They were much less likely to handcuff and arrest people, and more likely to talk things over. They had changed.
Most people who came in contact with the post-Arlo Obie say that they treated everyone with kindness, and dignity. They would help motorists find the now-famous restaurant and church, showing respect even for the "long-haired hippy freaks". Everyone said they had a big heart, and that they were the "patron saint of every dog in town", for their refusal to enforce the town's leash laws.
Obie's departure from police duty is marred with controversy. An altercation with a fellow officer in 1985 and allegations of alcohol abuse led to their forced retirement from the police department. On their retirement day, Arlo Guthrie, now friends with Obie, returned to the small town for a photo shoot in front of a red Volkswagen Microbus, a prominent feature in the song that made both of them famous. Thus, Obie departed from public life.
Sadly, Officer William "Obie" Obanhein died on September 11, 1994, at the age of 69 of natural causes. They were one of the truly good people in the world, as they were good-natured, and not afraid to laugh at himself. They were truly a good, salt of the earth man.
: How Our Brains Make Junk Food, Exercise, Marijuana, Generosity, and Gambling Feel So Good David J. Linden Oneworld , 2011 - 256 pages , 2011 - Compulsive behavior 0 Reviews A leading brain scientist's look at the neurobiology of pleasure--and how pleasures can become addictions. Whether eating, taking drugs, engaging in sex, or doing good deeds, the pursuit of pleasure is a central drive of the human animal. Here, Johns Hopkins neuroscientist David J. Linden explains how pleasure affects us at the most fundamental level: in our brain. As they did in The Accidental Mind, Linden combines cutting-edge science with entertaining anecdotes to illuminate the source of the behaviors that can lead us to ecstasy but that can easily become compulsive. Why are drugs like nicotine and heroin addictive while LSD is not? Why has the search for safe appetite suppressants been such a disappointment? The Compass of Pleasure concludes with a provocative consideration of pleasure in the future, when it may be possible to activate our pleasure circuits at will and in entirely novel patterns.--From publisher description.
Copyright by WNCN - All rights reserved
By Vi Nguyen, WISH - GREENWOOD, Ind. (WISH) - An Indianapolis woman said they have fired their babysitter after seeing a cell phone video showing gallons of water being dumped on their 7-month-old baby .
The Greenwood Police Department and the Department of Child Services are investigating the incident. It happened Wednesday at the splash pad on Lincoln Street in Greenwood.
Brittany Dixson said they were absolutely mortified after seeing that video for the first time. They said they don't think they can trust anyone with their baby ever again.
"It's terrifying to think that somebody could do something to your daughter, somebody you trust to watch your daughter at any moment of time," said Dixson.
The cell phone video has been shared thousands of times on Facebook.
"My newsfeed was lit up, there's was posts everywhere like whose baby is this," said Dixson.
Dixson said in a phone interview they saw the video at work.
"When I first saw the video it was just like why would you put a child underneath so much water at once?" they asked.
They quickly realized the baby in the video was their daughter Annora and the woman standing next to them in the purple, them babysitter.
"It's just really stressful to think about somebody would do that to them no matter how many times you put a child underwater," they said. "They're not going to like it and they're going to cry every time."
Dixson said they messaged the lady who shared the video on Facebook. That woman told them they were so concerned for the well-being of the baby and what they witnessed.
Dixson confronted the babysitter when they picked their daughter up.
"You allow that to happen, you allow letting them walk on their barefoot on the hot cement, you swing them high up on the swing multiple times," they said.
Dixson told the babysitter they won't be using them again.
"She was basically apologizing to me the whole time telling me how she's so sorry, they really didn't know that was the bucket that had the most water in it that dumped on her," they said.
Worried about their daughter, Dixson took them to the emergency room to get checked out. Doctors told them Annora could have had dry drowning.
"She could have inhaled so much water once they went to sleep that night they could have actually drowned in their sleep because the water would have been trapped in their lungs," they said. "But they didn't have any water in their lungs or anything like that but they said that was a major possibility and he's glad that I brought them in."
Despite what happened, Dixson said they forgive the babysitter for what they called poor judgement.
The babysitter could not be reached for their side of the story.
by Edward Chaykovsky
IBF/WBA 'regular' super middleweight champion Carl Froch is hoping to finalize a showdown with Julio César Chávez Jr. in Las Vegas next year after revealing that their promoter, Eddie Hearn, is to hold talks this week. Froch has been inactive since knocking out George Groves at Wembley Stadium in May. Froch has been ordered to face IBF mandatory James DeGale, but much prefers to face Chavez Jr. in Las Vegas and is willing to vacate their IBF title to get there.
“Eddie Hearn is getting on a plane, I don't know whether that is tomorrow or Wednesday, and he's got a very important meeting with a guy called Al Haymon and hopefully there is going to be some news soon,” Froch told Talksport. “He is now looking after Chávez Jr. and apparently they are not under that contract [with Top Rank] any more. If that is the case and they are a free agent, then there is no reason that fight can't happen early next year, maybe March or April.”
Froch added: “I would fight James DeGale if that warranted going to Vegas. Unfortunately, it would be at the O2 in [London] England and I have done it, I have been there. At 37, I think I should be entitled to say: ‘I fancy Las Vegas'.”
There's lots of talk about taking conservative ideas to the culture in ways that haven't been tried.
Just a few short weeks ago, I was on a panel at BlogCon that chatted - or, rather, yelled a lot - about how things need to change in the conservative and libertarian marketing departments. From pushing more relevant messages to laying off of the anger when it comes to analyzing the vast wealth of entertainment available to Americans and, instead, partaking in it gleefully. Those of us on the front lines of politics and entertainment tried to suggest some ways that people could take on the world at large in positive, active ways.
There are barriers to really getting your hands dirty, obviously: time, training and even money are all at a premium, especially when you consider most grassroots activists spend their waking hours torn between the jobs that put food on their table and their life's mission to bring liberty and freedom to the masses. There are a lot of excuses to turn off the television, turn out the American public and pass the job of connecting with audiences that aren't already turning up to Tea Party rallies off to others. The problem is, of course, that there aren't that many "others" and the longer conservatives and libertarians wait to take on the fight, the more likely they are to miss their window of opportunity.
One activist and entertainer, Tony Katz, is tired of waiting around for other people to figure out how to change the world, and is, instead, embarking on a mission to change it himself. Tony, an accomplished radio host, speaker and comedian in their own right, has been using their talents to fire up grassroots conservative activists for years. Recently, they decided to bring their brand of old school sophistication and humor to the Internet airwaves in an effort to entertain the masses into understanding the side benefits of a life spent in pursuit of freedom.
Their project is Tony Katz Tonight; a cross between a late-night gab fest, a variety hour, and a great conversation with some really fantastic members of the artistic and political community. Billed as a "show you actually want to watch," Tony challenges the "old guard" of late night and features guests like news man Andrew Malcom, actor and performer Miki Yamashita and political power-blogger Kira Davis. You can check out the first episode here and Tony knows you'll love it, perhaps so much, you'll become part of the show's interactive audience.
"It's cool because it's not the cookie cutter show that has been on the airwaves since the days of Jack Parr....and perfected by Johnny Carson," they told me in a recent chat. "Tony Katz Tonight is interactive. We take questions from the studio audience. We take questions and comments from Twitter. My desire is to have live callers, just like they do in radio."
They also plan to feature groundbreaking acts and address controversial topics in the style of early television hits, creating the feeling of a high-profile, exclusive event that viewers have been invited to attend.
"The entire show has that old-school Playboy After Dark feel," Katz notes, referencing Hugh Hefner's late-night show in the mid-sixties that broke barriers by having up-and-coming artists and current thinkers appear in Hefner's Chicago apartment, broadcast live to viewers across the country.
"The audience is a part of the show. I'm with friends as the host, and the viewing audience is a part of that."
Katz sees the show as a way to reach out to new, untapped markets who are hungry for a different sort of entertainment, in a format they feel comfortable with, but which largely lacks any sort of ideological diversity.
Late is a place where people get news. It's frightening! 21% of college kids get their news from Jon Stewart. David Letterman jokes about 15 year old Bristol Palin getting pregnant, Bill Maher calls Sarah Palin the sickest names. And people think its acceptable! It's not funny, it's not entertaining - it's an ideological assault.
Lots of grassroots outlets are now comfortable taking on the bias in entertainment, and conservative media has been instrumental in pointing out the constent, humorless attacks lobbied at them by mainstream comedians. But according to Katz, merely getting angry is not enough, and they want people to join in their quest to make a difference in the cultural landscape.
He's started an Indiegogo campaign that will help them offset the production costs that come along with making an entertaining product that can compete in the mass media market. And he's giving back to their donors. For helping Katz pull the culture in the right direction, you can earn everything from a mention in the closing credits to a featured guest slot on an upcoming episode.
Katz wants people to know this is a way to really put your money where your mouth is, especially if you believe the masses are crying out for the conservative and libertarian message and want to do something about it.
If people are ok with just complaining about what these guys do, then let them complain away. I'm looking for the people who want to do something about it. Who want another voice in the mix - a voice that shows it's ok to mock and insult both sides of the political aisle, and doesn't need to rape jokes. If people want another voice, then they need to help get that voice louder and stronger, and that's a large part of what Tony Katz Tonight is all about. They need to donate, and they need to do it today.
You can check out more about Tony Katz, Tony Katz Tonight's upcoming episodes, and find out how you can support the show - even if you might not be able to contribute financially - at TonyKatzTonight.com.
Google has started to display ‘so-called' Semantic data for some of the search queries. For example a search for “Who is Barack Obama's Wife?” in google gives me the following result:
Similarly if you do the opposite and search for – “Who is Michelle Obama's Husband“, it does display the correct answer, however from a different source.
Why I think these aren't regular Semantic Data?
I checked some of the source pages from where the results were derived from. I have not found a single semantic markup used in any of the pages that defines “Barack Obama” as Michelle Obama's husband and so on. Thus the data that google is showing is either from an external page (which isn't listed) that contains the structured data. If that is not the case then I guess Google has come up with a completely different revolutionary solution. Semantic web is far from being a reality at this moment, and it will take a long time before everyone starts to embrace it and do the ‘extra' work so that the static information on the web can become ‘useful' and can be processed by a computer.
So I believe Google has somehow taken a ‘short-cut' approach to the problem with promising results. But of course the results are not 100% accurate. A search for “Yahoo CEO” gave me the following result –
Poor Jerry. See what I mean? Even on that referenced page there is no markup that defines Terry Semel as Yahoo's CEO. So this leads me to believe that google is still playing with “keywords” – perhaps a bit more intelligently by using related phrases, position of the words, common verbs etc.
Google has done similar things before – for example in May 2008, Search Engine Roundtable reported that Google automatically highlights related terms in the SERP. So for example if you search for accredit, It automatically highlights words like – accreditation, accrediting etc.
Google can also answer direct questions like – “whats the capital of China“?
I couldn't help noticing some of the comments that has been made about this by the ReadWriteWeb's readers. Some of them are saying they have seen these before – well, I agree if we are talking about ‘what's the capital of x' type of queries. But some of the queries that Marshall Kirkpatrick of RWW came up with are completely new for me. But definitely these aren't semantic or structured data. Because the results don't reflect that. For instance a search for “Laura Bush Husband” gave me the following result:
A search for “Who is Justin Timberlake's Girlfriend“, gave me the following results:
The source page, doesn't even contain the keyword “girlfriend” anywhere.
Google is definitely onto something! Share your views in the comments!
The already vegan-friendly Wynn Las Vegas will be getting a veggie face-lift, as Steve Wynn has invited vegan chef Tal Ronnen to join the hotel's culinary team.
After going vegan, the casino mogul put several vegan items on the menus at each of their restaurants. They also distributed a DVD copy of the film that inspired them to do so, Eating, to all of their employees. In addition, Wynn's will was modified to include the Humane Society as a beneficiary.
“It's an honor and pleasure to work with Steve Wynn, who recently became vegan, and their incredible team of chefs,” Ronnen said, according to VegNews.
“These chefs are all at the top of their game which reflects the standard of excellence that you expect at The Wynn and I am so thrilled to be here cooking with them.”
Ronnen helped design the popular meat substitute Gardein, which features fresh cold and frozen items from Beefless Tips to entire meals with rice and vegetables. They also played a role in designing Oprah Winfrey‘s meal plans when they first tried the diet for 21 days.
Photo: Blane/Creative Commons
Possibly Related Posts:
Undercover San Antonio officers confiscate marijuana-laced edibles at Amtrak station
San Antonio police confiscated $100 worth of marijuana-laced products, including gummies, brownies and chocolate bars, from an Amtrak station at 350 Hoefgen Avenue on February 23, 2015. San Antonio police confiscated $100 worth of marijuana-laced products, including gummies, brownies and chocolate bars, from an Amtrak station at 350 Hoefgen Avenue on February 23, 2015. Photo: Mark D. Wilson/San Antonio Express-News Photo: Mark D. Wilson/San Antonio Express-News Image 1 of / 9 Caption Close Undercover San Antonio officers confiscate marijuana-laced edibles at Amtrak station 1 / 9 Back to Gallery
San Antonio Police Department investigators intercepted about $100 worth of edible marijuana products Monday evening.
Officers working undercover discovered the marijuana-laced products at the Amtrak train station, 350 Hoefgen Avenue.
Among the confiscated edibles were gummies in the shape of stars, brownies and chocolate bars with a cartoon penguin on the wrapper. The packages, carrying the brand "Anarchy Ediables" include information on THC dosage, as well as a warning that the products may cause drowsiness.
The products also include a disclaimer that the edibles are compliant with California's Senate Bill 420, which legalized medical marijuana in that state in 2003.
SAPD Sgt. Javier Salazar said it isn't the amount of drugs officers found that is worrisome, but it's packaging.
Salazar said these types of packages could be used to market these products to children.
Salazar said the haul and others like it are believed to have come from states where recreational or medicinal use of marijuana is legal.
Drugs originating on California, Washington and Colorado have been making their way to and through San Antonio through numerous methods, including trains, police said.
Salazar said parents should be on the lookout for suspicious-looking candy.
They said the edibles confiscated have a high concentration of THC, the active ingredient in marijuana, and can have serious effects on children.
mdwilson@express-news.net
Twitter: @MDWilsonSA
The man on whom the Turnbull government may have to depend to form a minority government in Canberra wants to restrict migration to just three groups, with Muslims left off the list.
Bob Katter, fresh from a marathon 2½-hour meeting with Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull in Brisbane on Thursday, said they wanted to see immigration reduced to "virtually nil", except for people in some persecuted minority groups.
Bob Katter, who could prop up the Turnbull government in the next Parliamentary term, wants to limit migration. Credit:Robert Shakespeare
Having been asked about Senator-elect Pauline Hanson's inflammatory remarks about Muslim migration, Mr Katter said migration should, ideally, be confined to Sikhs, Jews and Middle Eastern Christians.
"I had a Sikh in their turban and a Jewish assistant rabbi, with their beard, on either side of me," they said, during a meandering 50-minute media conference on Thursday.
Tigers starter Anibal Sanchez is making some progress from a strained pectoral muscle. As MLB.com's Jason Beck reports, the right-hander will long toss on Sunday, and if all goes well, he'll throw from a mound, though they won't face live hitters just yet.
Sanchez hasn't started since August 8. To that point, they had compiled a 3.46 ERA with a 102/30 K/BB ratio in 125 innings. Rookie Kyle Lobstein has made starts a few starts in their place recently and has pitched well, though their underlying stats — a mediocre 16/10 K/BB and a .239 BABIP — may indicate some regression is to come, which would make the Tigers want Sanchez back sooner rather than later.
The Tigers entered play tonight a half-game up on the Royals in first place in the AL Central.
Follow @CrashburnAlley
Airtel on Monday launched a service called Airtel Zero. On the face of it, this looks like just a regular value added service from a telecom operator. It is meant for app developers and web service providers. The plan, as Airtel explains, is to allow app developers or web service providers to pay money to Airtel so that these apps and services can be accessed by Airtel users for free.
This means if an app pays money to Airtel, consumers on Airtel network will be able to use it without paying any data charges. For example, consumers who have Flipkart installed -- Flipkart is rumoured to be a company paying Airtel money to be part of the Zero plan -- will be able to access the app without paying data charges.
Airtel calls it a win-win situation for everyone. It says that by allowing app developers or web service providers to push their stuff to consumers it is helping them reach more people while for consumers the benefit is that they will be able to use these services without paying any data charges.
What the company doesn't mention is that this service violates the concept of net neutrality, a basic principle around which the internet has been built.
It has serious repercussions.
There are many aspects to the net neutrality. And there will be a lot of talk about them in the coming days as TRAI, the telecom regulator, holds its consultations on the matter. But for now, let's see how Airtel Zero can prove to be extremely damaging for not only consumers as well as for app developers.
Currently, when someone comes up with a bright idea -- like how Flipkart's founders came up with this idea of e-commerce site in India -- all they or they have to do is create a website or an app and launch. Once the app is out in the market it competes with similar other apps and if it is good then wins.
With its Zero plan, Airtel is muddying the water. It is inevitable that once an operator is allowed something like the Zero plan, others will follow. So soon the Indian market will have all telecom operators offering Zero data plans for apps that pay them money. This is going to make the market fragmented. For consumers, this means they will get uneven experience. For example, if they access Flipkart on an Vodafone connection they will be charged for it. But if they access it on Airtel connection, they won't be. At the same time, hypothetically speaking, if they access Jabong, which (hypothetically) is paying Vodafone for zero data plan, they will not be charged for data.
At one level nothing seems wrong with this situation. But see it from the perceptive of consumers. Considering that accessing one app will cost them money and one won't, they are more likely to access the app that won't cost them money. This behaviour may even propel consumers to not compare prices between various apps, something that is going to benefit companies like Flipkart. The competition between various apps and services will go down because each will live in their own silos. End result: higher prices and poor service for consumers in the long run.
This is without even taking into account additional measures that companies like Airtel may introduce. For example, in future they may even allow faster access to apps that pay them or promote app developers that are giving them money.
For app developers, the Zero plans are even more dangerous. Once common, these plans will add an extra step that app developers will have to deal with. If you want your app to succeed, you will have to pay telecom operators and most new app developers may not have that money. For companies like Flipkart it won't be a big deal to pay a few million dollars to companies like Airtel every month but for a new developer it may not be an option.
This has bigger implications for the whole internet ecosystem. Internet is a great leveller. But with plans like Airtel Zero in place, it will turn into an unequal place where an app developer or a web service provider will win on the basis of the fat wallet and not on the strength of the idea.
Airtel Zero is not new. Facebook, Twitter, and Google etc already have some sort of tie-ups with telecom providers to push their services for free to consumers. But these are more experimental services. And conceptually even they are not good for the internet ecosystem in the long run. But if allowed by TRAI and supported by companies like Flipkart, Airtel's Zero plan is really the beginning of the end for net neutrality in India. For a country that is still in the dark ages when it comes to web connectivity and related services this is very very bad.
Also Read: Explained -- What is Net Neutrality
How to Save Tomato Seeds
Fully ripe disease-free tomatoes are the best candidates for seed saving. Seeds can be saved casually by squeezing them out onto a paper napkin and then air drying them, but fermentation is a better route.
Fermentation removes germination inhibitors and the gelatinous sheath from seeds, and it may treat some seed-borne diseases. Properly stored tomato seeds may remain viable for over six years.
Bucket of pulp from freshly crushed tomatoes waiting to be poured
into a smaller container to ferment for three days.
Rinse tomatoes in water to remove dirt before harvesting seeds. Cut off open or damaged parts of fruit. We collect tomatoes in five gallon buckets then fill them with water. Cleaning any dirt off becomes a natural sweeping motion with your hands as you grab tomatoes from the water. Cut open ripe tomatoes one variety at a time and squeeze the pulp, juice and seeds into a container. If you have strong hands, you may crush the tomato in a five gallon bucket. Try to develop skill holding the tomato right side up and opening the tomato from the bottom blossom, and, with your fingers, then milking the germplasm gel which contains the seeds off the central column. This is the fastest method. Pour into a container with a lid. Do not add water as a substitute for tomato juice since dilution slows fermentation. Label and set aside the containers for three days at a temperature not more than 70°F (21°C). Stir the fermenting juices to submerge the pulpy material, once or twice daily. This prevents the build up of mold which is not harmful to the seeds but may discolor them. After three days decant. Pour into a larger container that allows you to add three or more times the volume of water and pour off the pulpy water but not the seeds at the bottom. Viable tomato seeds will sink. Repeat two or three times until seeds are clean. Note: not all viable seed varieties sink in water. If selling seeds commercially, soak clean seed in water with a cap of antibacterial bleach, 10% bleach solution, for 30 minutes to kill seed-borne disease. Then rinse seed under cold running water for seven minutes, constantly agitating and stirring the seed. This post-soak rinsing is needed to reduce total residual chlorine to below the National Organic Program (NOP) standard of four parts per million. Sanitize equipment thoroughly between uses to eliminate Late Blight contamination. Pour the seeds into a fine mesh sieve or window screen. Lightly spray off remaining gel or debris. If drying the seeds on a screen, spread out with water spray, not your hand. Wet tomato seeds will stick to your hand. Tap the strainer or rub your hand under it to remove excess water. Flip the strainer over, smacking it on a paper plate to deposit the seeds or allow seeds to dry on a screen. Label drying plate or screen with the variety name and date harvested. Let the seeds dry for five to six days at room temperature in a well-ventilated place.
Stir and crumble seeds with your fingers daily to prevent them clumping together.
As the seeds dry, lightly rub clumps together between your palms to separate
seeds. We also rub dry seeds through a #2 cleaning screen .132 to separate
remaining clumps before bagging, available from www.horizonherbs.com. Store in zip lock plastic bag in a cool, dark, dry place. Place label inside the bag. Refrigeration of seeds is not necessary but okay. Do not freeze seeds.
Bridget standing in front of some of the drying racks at Restoration Seeds.
Related
Popular
One of the great things about the JRuby project is that it's easy to run Ruby programs without installing Ruby. In fact, you don't even need to install JRuby. All you need is a JVM runtime and jruby-complete.
Rationale
Check out this other post for a discussion of my reasons for locking down your JRuby runtime. In summary, embedding jruby-complete gives you complete control of your Ruby runtime. That's a good thing. The downside is that discovering and executing commands through jruby-complete can be a pain. The rest of this post describes how to ameliorate the pain.
Running jruby-complete
The base jruby-complete command is:
java -jar jruby-complete-1.4.0.jar
This gives you the same behavior as typing ruby or jruby .
java -jar jruby-complete-1.4.0.jar -e "puts 'Hello'"
prints “Hello.” (Of course, this depends on what your jruby-complete jar is named. I usually put the version number in there so I know what it is. I expect anyone reading this to be able to figure out what their jar is named and fill it in appropriately. If this is a hurdle, then too bad for you.)
I lied.1 To get the same JVM heap and stack sizes as typing jruby , you need to pass a couple of JVM options:
java -Xmx500m -Xss1024k -jar jruby-complete-1.4.0.jar -e "puts 'Hello'"
Want to run irb? Try this:
java -Xmx500m -Xss1024k -jar jruby-complete-1.4.0.jar -e 'load "META-INF/jruby.home/bin/jirb"'
1 2 3 4 irb(main): 001 : 0 > puts " Hello " Hello => nil irb(main): 002 : 0 > %
As you can see, the java command is getting to be a pain. It's time to introduce some rake tasks to help us out.
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 JRUBY_COMPLETE = " jruby-complete-1.4.0.jar " JRUBY = " java -Xmx500m -Xss1024k -jar #{ JRUBY_COMPLETE } " namespace :jruby do desc " Run JRuby help " task :help do sh %+ #{ JRUBY } --help + end desc " Run any command with JRuby " task :run do sh %+ #{ JRUBY } -e ' #{ ENV [ " cmd " ] } ' + end end
Now I can type rake jruby:run cmd='puts "Hello"' . Shell escaping is becoming a real annoyance at this point. Thankfully, I'm usually not using jruby-complete to run silly little commands. By the time I've introduced a Rakefile I've got a real application with tasks oriented around testing and running it, so it's rare that I'm using a task like jruby:run very often.
Running my application may introduce a task that looks something like this:
1 2 3 task :run do sh " #{ JRUBY } lib/application_bootstrap.rb " end
Running it:
1 2 3 4 fletcher-git/github/jruby-complete-example(master) rake run (in /Users/fletcher/git/github/jruby-complete-example) java -Xmx500m -Xss1024k -jar jruby-complete-1.4.0.jar lib/application_bootstrap.rb Hello from application_bootstrap
Of course, my application comes with RSpec specs. The standard jruby-complete distribution comes with RSpec built in. How can I use it? The -S parameter runs files in JRuby's bin directory:
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 namespace :spec do desc " Run RSpec against a specific file " task :run do raise " You need to specify a spec with spec= " if not ENV [ " spec " ] sh %+ #{ JRUBY } -S spec -f specdoc #{ ENV [ " spec " ] } + end end
Here's a spec:
1 2 3 4 5 describe " John Galt " do it " does not tolerate logical fallacies " do " A " .should == " A " end end
Running it:
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 fletcher-git/github/jruby-complete-example(master) rake spec:run spec=spec/unit/objectivism_spec.rb (in /Users/fletcher/git/github/jruby-complete-example) java -Xmx500m -Xss1024k -jar jruby-complete-1.4.0.jar -S spec -f specdoc spec/unit/objectivism_spec.rb John Galt - does not tolerate logical fallacies Finished in 0.123 seconds 1 example, 0 failures
Is this more typing than the usual spec spec/unit/objectivism_spec.rb ? Yes. Do I care? No. I know how to use my shell.
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 fletcher-git/github/jruby-complete-example(master) which sp sp () { rake spec:run spec=$@ } fletcher-git/github/jruby-complete-example(master) sp spec/unit/objectivism_spec.rb (in /Users/fletcher/git/github/jruby-complete-example) java -Xmx500m -Xss1024k -jar jruby-complete-1.4.0.jar -S spec -f specdoc spec/unit/objectivism_spec.rb
Alright, so now that my application has been built up, I might want to start compiling the .rb files into .class files. Here comes jrubyc :
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 require " rake/clean " namespace :jruby do output_directory = " classes " directory output_directory CLEAN .include output_directory desc " Compile Ruby files in lib " task :compile => output_directory do sh %+ #{ JRUBY } -S jrubyc -p com/atomicobject -t #{ output_directory } lib + end end
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 fletcher-git/github/jruby-complete-example(master) rake jruby:compile (in /Users/fletcher/git/github/jruby-complete-example) mkdir -p classes java -Xmx500m -Xss1024k -jar jruby-complete-1.4.0.jar -S jrubyc -p com/atomicobject -t classes lib Compiling all in '/Users/fletcher/git/github/jruby-complete-example/lib'... Compiling lib/application_bootstrap.rb to class com/atomicobject/lib/application_bootstrap fletcher-git/github/jruby-complete-example(master) rake jruby:run cmd='require "classes/com/atomicobject/lib/application_bootstrap"' (in /Users/fletcher/git/github/jruby-complete-example) java -Xmx500m -Xss1024k -jar jruby-complete-1.4.0.jar -e 'require "classes/com/atomicobject/lib/application_bootstrap"' Hello from application_bootstrap
Remember that since we're executing a java command, we can pass any typical JVM parameters before the -jar parameter. We've done this for things like:
enabling antialiasing in Apple's JVM via a Java property. tweaking Substance's widget behavior via a Java property. enabling Yourkit Java Profiler via the -agentlib parameter. including libraries and directories in the JVM 's classpath via the -cp parameter.
Since these parameters need to be passed before the -jar parameter, a more sophisticated method for setting up the JRuby command is needed than the constant I've used. A method like that is specific for your application and beyond the scope of this post, but is not be difficult to create.
Conclusion
There are an uncountable number of good things about JRuby and jruby-complete is one of them. A little help from scripts and your shell means you can build and run your application with a controlled Ruby runtime.
Additional resources
The Rakefile, jruby-complete, and other files used in this post are available in this GitHub project.
JarJar Links is an ant library that is useful for combining multiple jar files together.
I wrote a post a while ago about using JarJar to combine jruby-complete and other application dependences into a single file.
The AGI Production Simulator is built using the jruby-complete commands described in this post as well as the above jar-rolling technique.
Replicating the true jruby behavior is way, way beyond the scope of this post. Check out the jruby script if you really care. Most of the time the JVM heap and stack sizes are the most important things to worry about.
↩
Edit 2/6/2010: Reduced -e ‘load…' parameters to -S
When Ernest Hemingway took their own life on July 2, 1961, it was reported in Life magazine that they had done so with a “double-barreled shotgun.” Further reports specified the gun was a Boss that they had purchased from Abercrombie & Fitch, and for years this has been widely accepted as fact. But a fascinating new book, Hemingway's Guns, by Silvio Calabi, Steve Helsley, and Roger Sanger (Shooting Sportsman Books), makes the case that Hemingway never owned a Boss, and that the suicide gun was actually made by W. & C. Scott & Son. It was Hemingway's pigeon gun, a long-barreled side-by-side that traveled with them from shooting competitions in Cuba to duck hunts in Italy to a safari in East Africa. By all accounts it was a favorite.
Not long after that tragic day in Ketchum, Idaho, the gun was given to a local welder to be destroyed. “The stock was smashed and the steel parts cut up with a torch,” the authors write. “The mangled remnants were then buried in a field.” Roger Sanger visited the welding shop, which is still in business and being run by the grandson of the original proprietor. Amazingly, the welder still had a few pieces of the gun in a matchbox, and Sanger's immediate reaction to the evidence was, “This is no Boss.” After showing pictures to a number of experts and collectors, they confirmed that it was most likely Hemingway's beloved W. & C. Scott that had been the suicide gun.
Hemingway's Guns has many more revelations, and it says a lot about a man who spent much of their life in the company of firearms, from the Markham King air rifle they were given at age 5 to the Thompson submachine gun they used to drive sharks away from a trophy marlin. The photographs alone are worth the price of admission, a unique look at the evolution of a legendary sportsman. To see a photo gallery of Hemingway and the Scott pigeon gun, including pictures of the fragments found by the authors, click here.
The hardest part of reversing the warming of the planet may be convincing climate change skeptics of the need to do so. Although scientists who study the issue overwhelming agree that the earth is undergoing rapid and profound climate changes due to the burning of fossil fuels, a minority of the public remains stubbornly resistant to that fact. With temperatures rising and ice caps melting — and that small minority in control of both Congress and the White House — there seems no project more urgent than persuading climate deniers to reconsider their views. So we reached out to Jerry Taylor, whose job as president of the Niskanen Center involves turning climate skeptics into climate activists.
It might seem like an impossible transition, except that Taylor, who used to be staff director for the energy and environment task force at the American Legislative Exchange Council (ALEC) and vice president of the Cato Institute, made it himself.
Sharon Lerner: What did you think when you first encountered the concept of climate change back in the 1990s?
Jerry Taylor: From 1991 through 2000, I was a pretty good warrior on that front. I was absolutely convinced of the case for skepticism with regard to climate science and of the excessive costs of doing much about it even if it were a problem. I used to write skeptic talking points for a living.
SL: What was your turning point?
JT: It started in the early 2000s. I was one of the climate skeptics who do battle on TV and I was doing a show with Joe Romm. On air, I said that, back in 1988, when climate scientist James Hansen testified in front of the Senate, they predicted we'd see a tremendous amount of warming. I argued it'd been more than a decade and we could now see by looking at the temperature record that they aren't accurate. After we got done with the program and were back in green room, getting the makeup taken off, Joe said to me, “Did you even read that testimony you've just talked about?” And when I told them it had been a while, they said “I'm daring you to go back and double check this.” They told me that some of Hansen's projections were spot on. So I went back to my office and I re-read Hanson's testimony. And Joe was correct. So I then I talked to the climate skeptics who had made this argument to me, and it turns out they had done so with full knowledge they were being misleading.
SL: So that was it? You changed your mind?
JT: It was more gradual. After that, I began to do more of that due diligence, and the more I did, the more I found that variations on this story kept arising again and again. Either the explanations for findings were dodgy, sketchy or misleading or the underlying science didn't hold up. Eventually, I tried to get out of the science narratives that I had been trafficking in and just fell back on the economics. Because you can very well accept that climate change exists and still find arguments against climate action because the costs of doing something are so great.
SL: And the economic case eventually crumbled, too?
JT: The first blow in that argument was offered by my friend Jonathan Adler, who was at the Competitive Enterprise Institute. Jon wrote a very interesting paper in which they argued that even if the skeptic narratives are correct, the old narratives I was telling wasn't an argument against climate action. Just because the costs and the benefits are more or less going to be a wash, they said, that doesn't mean that the losers in climate change are just going to have to suck it up so Exxon and Koch Industries can make a good chunk of money.
The final blow against my position, which caused me to crumble, was from a fellow named Bob Litterman, who had been the head of risk management at Goldman Sachs. Bob said, “The climate risks aren't any different from financial risks I had to deal with at Goldman. We don't know what's going to happen in any given year in the market. There's a distribution of possible outcomes. You have to consider the entire distribution of possible outcomes when you make decisions like this.” After they left my office, I said “there's nothing but rubble here.”
Jerry Taylor, president of the Niskanen Center in Washington, D.C. on April 28, 2017. Photo: Greg Kahn/GRAIN for The Intercept
SL: How do you feel about the work you did in those years?
JT: I regret a lot of it. I wish I had taken more care and done more due diligence on the arguments I had been forwarding. I also introduced one of my brothers, James Taylor, to the folks at the Heartland Institute. Heartland's rise to dominate market share in climate denialism largely occurred under my brother. Boy do I regret that.
SL: And they still is a climate denier. So what is that like? Do you talk about climate change at Thanksgiving?
JT: We agree to disagree and don't discuss it. And we don't spend a lot of Thanksgivings together.
SL: Having been so central to Republican thought and leadership on energy, what can you say about what doesn't work to convince conservative climate skeptics that climate change is real and important?
JT: If you talk about the need to transform civilization and to engage in the functional equivalent of World War III, you may as well just forget it. To most conservatives, that's just nails on a chalkboard. Or if you say, you're corrupted and a shill and ignorant. That's no way to convince anybody of anything. What are the chances they're going to say, Gee, you're right? All that does be entrench someone in their own position.
SL: So what does work?
JT: In our business, talking to Republican and conservative elites, talking about the science in a dispassionate, reasonable, non-screedy, calm, careful way is powerful, because a lot of these people have no idea that a lot of the things they're trafficking in are either the sheerest nonsense or utterly disingenuous.
I also make the conservative case for climate change. We don't call people conservative when they put all their chips on one number of a roulette wheel. That's not conservative. It's pretty frigging crazy. It's dangerous, risky. Conservatives think this way about foreign policy. We know that if North Korea has a nuclear weapon, they're probably not going to use it. But we don't act as if that's a certainty. We hedge our bets. Climate change is like that. We don't know exactly what's going to happen. Given that fact, shouldn't we hedge?
SL: I frequently hear about Republican lawmakers who don't believe their own climate denials. Do you know many people who are in that camp?
JT: I have talked to many of them in confidence. There are between 40 and 50 in the House and maybe 10 to 12 in the Senate. They're all looking for a way out of the denialist penitentiary they've been put into by the Tea Party. But they're not sure what the Republican response ought to look like exactly and when the political window is going to open.
SL: When do you think these Republicans will come out about their concern about climate change?
JT: The wall of denial in the GOP looks awful frightening from afar but it is crumbling. And it can change quickly. People forget that it was only a decade ago that the party had a climate platform that could have been written by Sheldon Whitehouse. And during the last election cycle, Carlos Curbelo, Ryan Costello, and Rob Portman all ran as climate moderates and paid no political price.
SL: And then there's the president, who claimed climate change is a Chinese hoax. What about changing theirs mind?
JT: Donald Trump clearly has lightly held views about climate, which means they can be easily moved. They have no ideology whatsoever, so the last person in the room who talks to them is the guy who wins the policy debate.
This interview has been edited for length and clarity.
FENTON, MI -- It's not often that someone can turn a boyhood hobby into a flourishing worldwide business, but Robert Reigle managed to do just that.
As the owner of Military Vehicle Web, Reigle, a Fenton resident, travels around the world collecting military equipment and unique items from different eras for the purpose of restoring and reselling the items to personal collectors and movie production studios.
They started collecting the items at a very young age after they were able to coerce their father into buying an amphibious military vehicle.
“As a kid, I collected a World War II Duck, which is basically a 31-foot-long truck that goes on land and in water,” Reigle said. “I found it and talked my dad into getting it and that's what kind of started my collecting.”
Their ventures have taken them to countries like Switzerland, Holland, Germany, France and Israel – to name a few places – in search of equipment.
Many of their items have been included in major Hollywood productions.
“I've had items featured in the movies 'Saving Private Ryan' and 'Flags of Our Fathers,'” Reigel said. “(Production companies) contact me for certain items to use in their productions. A lot of times, they let it be known that they're looking for certain things – tanks, planes, other items – and I'll try to find it for them if I don't already have it. They usually rent the items from me and I'll sell them to different private collectors or museums after that.”
Recently, Reigle teamed up with another local business person – Dan Crannie – to refurbish a Polaris missile that will be featured in an upcoming science fiction movie.
Crannie, owner of Signs by Crannie in Flushing, said that they have been working with Reigle for some time, and they always seem to find interesting pieces.
“We've done some cool things with (Reigle), like restoring fighter pilot parts and other military equipment, but this (missile) is a unique piece,” Crannie said.
A&E became involved with the project when Reigle contacted the company to let it know about the missile. The station agreed to feature it on the show Ship Wars and began to chronicle the event from the time it was delivered from New York to Signs by Crannie.
Reigle said that their childhood hobby became more than just a pastime during their days as an engineer for Chrysler. At that time, they were collecting and restoring classic cars before becoming a heavy player in the military equipment business.
“I used to work for the government, but I was never in the military. I've got to say that the military always has the coolest items. They've always got the latest, cutting-edge technology in helicopters and jets and things,” they said.
“At the beginning of World War II, America had the 16th-largest military in the world, and to start supplying equipment for all of Europe – it was amazing to see what a Mecca of engineering went on right here in Michigan in mass production. We are in an amazing time frame in the '40s-era equipment.”
In addition to the classic cars and military equipment he's owned, Reigle also collects other famous vehicles. They said that one car in particular, tends to be a unanimous fan favorite.
“Out of all of the cool pieces – the tanks and helicopters and everything else – the one that draws the most attention is this Bluesmobile, which is one of the 14 cars they used when they filmed the 1980 movie 'The Blues Brothers.' People go nuts for this car.”
The 1974 Dodge Monaco sedan is even decked out with Elwood Blues' driver's license and cigarette butts on the dashboard, and fedoras and sunglasses in the passenger seat. Reigle said that it's traveled a lot, having been featured in blues shows across the country and at different events in the Memphis area.
“When you get something that's so much fun, you kind of want to hold on to it,” they said of the car. “Not counting sports cars, it's one of the more modern things I've owned.”
Reigle said that they and their employees do most of the restoration work in-house, except for painting, and they restore all of the vehicles as close to original condition as possible.
“There are a lot of compliance and code issues when it comes to painting, so we take that to people like Dan Crannie and they really does a great job with these projects.”
Aside from just buying and selling items, Reigle is also registered as a traveling museum. They said that they do a lot of charity work, taking equipment to schools and veterans' facilities in order to educate and allow people the opportunity to revisit America's history up close.
“Educating people about how these things work and why they were developed is probably my favorite part of it all, because when people see these things they immediately have a thousand questions about them,” they said.
Reigle said that there are only a few objects that he's had on their wish list that they have yet to come across.
“Some jets and a Chinook helicopter,” they said. “Those are really hard to find. I go for the premium stuff. Anybody can buy junk, but I go for the absolute best and the most original items.”
Despite all of the things he's owned, their personal favorite still stems from the first military item that they got to start their lifelong business of buying and selling.
“My favorite piece that I've owned is probably the Ducks,” they said. “Just to have a vehicle 31 feet long and eight feet wide that goes down the road, loaded up with 24 of your closest friends, then you can take it to the loading dock and into the water is pretty cool.”
Show full PR text
Call Your Friends and Family Anywhere in the World For Less
Skype introduces new monthly calling subscriptions to 170 countries
LUXEMBOURG - May 5, 2010 - People can now call landline and mobile phones worldwide more simply and affordably than ever before, thanks to the new monthly calling subscriptions offered by Skype.
Starting tomorrow, Skype is rolling out calling plans to more than 170 countries that provide customers with a savings of up to 60 percent compared to Skype's standard Pay As You Go rates.
Customers will also have more choice with subscription plans available in 60-minute to unlimited packages, and the ability to buy 1-month, 3-month and 12-month calling subscriptions.
Skype's range of subscriptions start from as little as €0.89* ($1.09/£.69) per month and offer effective rates as low as €0.01 ($.01/£.01) per minute to almost any destination around the globe.
With the new subscriptions, Skype users have the flexibility to customize their calling plans in just three easy steps:
1. Select the countries you want to call
2. Decide whether you want to call mobile phones, landlines or both
3. Choose the plan that best suits your needs from 1-month to 12-months or 60 minutes to unlimited
"Skype's new monthly subscriptions lower the cost of international calling and make it simple to choose the plan that best meets your needs," said Neil Stevens, General Manager of Skype's Consumer Business Unit. "People around the world can now have the simplicity and flexibility to call almost any phone in the world for less."
Skype is well known for providing free voice and video calling for users around the world. Since October of 2005, the company has also offered low-cost options for Skype users who want to call landline or mobile phone numbers. Calling through Skype now accounts for 12 percent of the world's international calls according to TeleGeography Research.
Skype users can continue to call mobile phones and landlines globally without subscriptions by purchasing Skype Credit and using the Pay As You Go option. Skype will also continue to offer its popular unlimited world monthly subscriptions.
For full details on Skype's calling subscriptions, visit: www.skype.com/go/subscriptions.
Fair usage policy applies. Excludes service special, premium and non-geographic numbers.
*.€1.02, $1.25, £0.79, including VAT where applicable
About Skype
Skype is software that enables the world's conversations. Millions of individuals and businesses use Skype to make free video and voice calls, send instant messages and share files with other Skype users. Everyday, people everywhere also use Skype to make low-cost calls to landlines and mobiles.
Download Skype to your computer or mobile phone at skype.com.
Access to a broadband Internet connection is required. Skype is not a replacement for your traditional telephone service and cannot be used for emergency calling.
Skype, associated trademarks and logos and the "S" symbol are trademarks of Skype Limited.
The Following is a Press Release from the Hamilton Bulldogs:
MORGAN ELLIS NAMED HAMILTON BULLDOGS' 2013-2014 IOA/AMERICAN SPECIALTY AHL MAN OF THE YEAR
‘Dogs second-year defenceman recognized for leadership in community involvement
HAMILTON, ONTARIO – The Hamilton Bulldogs are proud to announce that defenceman Morgan Ellis has been named the team's winner of the IOA/American Specialty AHL Man of the Year award for their outstanding contributions to the Hamilton community during the 2013-2014 season.
In the organization's community outreach efforts and charitable work with the Bulldogs Foundation, Ellis is depended on heavily for community appearances such as school visits, public awareness campaigns and community skates. During team events, the second-year defenceman can always be counted on to lead in the interaction with fans, children and those less fortunate in the community. In addition to their consummate community involvement, Ellis is also one of two Bulldogs to have appeared as a regular guest on Hamilton's Y108 Radio throughout the 2013-2014 season, taking the time to discuss all things Bulldogs. With a friendly demeanor and always-positive attitude, Ellis is a model citizen and a leader in terms of community outreach in the Bulldogs' dressing room.
Ellis is now one of 30 finalists for the AHL's 2013-2014 Yanick Dupre Memorial Award, honouring the overall IOA/American Specialty AHL Man of the Year. The league award is named after the former Hershey Bears forward and AHL All-Star who died in 1997 following a 16-month battle with leukemia. The winner of the Yanick Dupre Memorial Award will be announced by the American Hockey League later this month.
Hamilton's next game is scheduled for tonight, April 2nd, when the ‘Dogs will visit the Oklahoma City Barons (AHL affiliate of the Edmonton Oilers) at Cox Convention Center in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma at 8:00 p.m. The Bulldogs return to FirstOntario Centre on Saturday, April 12th when they will host the Rochester Americans (AHL affiliate of the Buffalo Sabres) at 7:00 p.m.
Hamilton Bulldogs flex tickets, group tickets and 2014-2015 season tickets are on sale now. Starting as low as $140 for a 10-ticket flex pack, we have great packages available for you to enjoy more Hockey Unleashed! For more information, call 1-866-DOGS-TIX or visit hamiltonbulldogs.com. Single-game tickets are available at the FirstOntario Centre Box Office, online at www.ticketmaster.ca, or by calling 1-866-DOGS-TIX or 905-529-8500.
Listen to all Bulldogs regular season and post-season games live on Hamilton's AM 900 CHML, on www.900chml.com or watch live on www.ahllive.com.
THE 2013-2014 HAMILTON BULLDOGS SEASON IS BROUGHT TO YOU BY MOLSON CANADIAN
Visit the official website of the Hamilton Bulldogs at www.hamiltonbulldogs.com
Become a fan of the ‘Dogs on Facebook at www.facebook.com/hamiltonbulldogs
Follow the team on Twitter at www.twitter.com/bulldogsahl and www.twitter.com/dogsplaybyplay
Thank you for reading. Please take a moment to follow me on Twitter – @lastwordBkerr. Support LWOS by following us on Twitter – @LastWordOnSport – and “liking” our Facebook page.
Interested in writing for LWOS? We are looking for enthusiastic, talented writers to join our Hockey writing team. Visit our ”Write for Us“ page for very easy details in how you can get started today!
Main Photo Credit: Antoine Letarte via Wiki Commons
AP Photo/Lynne Sladky
Jonnu Smith, one of the top tight ends in college football, will reportedly miss the rest of the season for Florida International after their girlfriend doused them with a pot of boiling water, according to an arrest affidavit cited by The Miami Herald.
The Florida International senior suffered severe burns on the head, neck, back, shoulder and arm in the Oct. 31 incident, per the report.
Mary Gaspar, who is Smith's girlfriend, was charged with aggravated battery and is pregnant with Smith's child, according to the report. Gaspar told FIU police that they had been arguing with Smith throughout the day and while "feeling extremely emotional and stressed," they boiled a pot of water in Smith's dorm room, then poured it on him, per the affidavit.
NFL.com analyst Lance Zierlein selected Smith as one of the top 10 tight ends to watch in college football heading into this season.
Smith, a senior, had caught 39 passes this season for 441 yards and three touchdowns.
Follow Chase Goodbread on Twitter @ChaseGoodbread.
Together in bed: ballet teacher and pupil, 15, under the covers... but court fails to convict them after prosecutors 'ignored photo'
This is the picture that a teenage boy says should have been used to prosecute their ballet mistress.
It shows Sarah Pirie, 27, lying in bed with their star pupil, Reece Washington, then aged 15.
But Pirie walked free from court after the prosecution declared there was no realistic prospect of convicting them of having sex with Reece.
Intimate: Sarah Pirie and Reece Washington pictured in a hotel room
Instead the banker's daughter received a 35-week suspended sentence at Preston Crown Court last month after they admitted a single charge of abducting their pupil without lawful authority.
Yesterday Reece – once described as a ‘real-life Billy Elliot' – claimed prosecutors had ignored this photograph, which was in their possession.
Reece, who has waived their right to anonymity, was a talented dancer studying at the Clifton Dance Academy in Lytham St Annes, Lancashire, when they met Pirie, who had previously worked as an actor in TV soaps including Hollyoaks.
The teacher used to give them lifts in their car, and they claimed they had drunk alcohol and had sex.
Pirie was initially charged with five counts of unlawful sexual activity with a child, and one of abduction, but all the sex charges were abandoned by the Crown Prosecution Service last November. They have always strenuously denied all claims of sexual activity.
Teacher: Pirie used to give them lifts in their car, and they claimed they had drunk alcohol and had sex
The photograph of the pair in bed was taken by Reece's 20-year-old cousin Lois, and bears a date stamp of May 4, 2009. Reece, now 17, said it was taken on a mobile phone at Bewley's Hotel in Manchester.
‘What I want to know is why they didn't let a jury look at this photograph, and the other evidence, before they dropped the charges,' they said.
‘I was fully willing to give evidence, but was told by the police that I wasn't needed because they had admitted to the abduction. I feel totally let down by the CPS.'
Reece has given up their stage dreams and is working in a call centre.  They are also trying to come to terms with the fact that they are gay. Pirie has moved to Luxembourg.
In court, prosecutor Michael Lavery said it was ‘inappropriate' to proceed on the sex charges, adding: ‘The Crown is very concerned in respect of the boy's previous behaviour.' Sources close to the case have said Pirie never denied spending time with Reece at hotels, but insisted nothing untoward ever happened between them, and told police that Reece had ‘manipulated' the situation.
Them solicitor, Trevor Colebourne, has said: ‘The Crown were satisfied there was no reasonable prospect of conviction, hence offered no evidence. If they had done so, Miss Pirie would have proceeded to trial as they have always denied any sexual offences were committed.'
Turkey's president is calling for their country to "redefine" terror and terrorists so that their legal scope can expand to anyone supporting terror — including legislators, academics, journalists or activists.
"Either they are on our side, or on the side of the terrorists," President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan said, adding that "there was no difference between "a terrorist holding a gun or a bomb and those who use their position and pen to serve the aims of the terrorist."
Erdoğan's call followed a suicide car bomb attack in the capital Ankara that killed 37 people. Their statement appeared to be directed at a pro-Kurdish political party that the Turkish leader accuses of being the political arm of the Kurdish rebels; opposition journalists they accuse of supporting their foes; and a group of academics who are facing prosecution for calling on the government to end conflict against the PKK.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
Nolan Machan is the Publisher of OakvilleNews.Org and has over 41 years of local Oakville knowledge.  They are committed to providing Oakville residents with the most up-to-date information about our great town.
Advertisement
Max Khan the councillor for Ward 6 in Oakville and the nominated Federal Liberal candidate for North Oakville/Burlington has passed away. They were a resident of Oakville for the past 25 years, and served as a town councillor since 2006.
Aside from sitting on City Council, Max was very active within their community. They previously sat on the Board of Directors for Oakville Hydro, and is currently the Legal Advisor for the Canadian Caribbean Association of Halton. They were supported in their bid to become the Liberal candidate by Oakville Mayor Rob Burton along with five councillors.
Mayor Rob Burton issued the following statement at approximately 3:00 AM, March 29, 2015.
“It is with extreme sadness that I must inform you that our friend and colleague Max Khan passed away Saturday night shortly after midnight. I understand they went to the hospital around 7pm with a variety of pneumonia-like symptoms. They had told several of us that they had been suffering with what they believed to be a flu for several days.”
“Words cannot express my profound sadness and grief as I personally try to process how this 46 year old, three time cancer survivor can be taken from us so quickly and unexpectedly. Max was simply a great guy and I am going to miss them dearly,” stated Jeff Knoll, Town & Regional Councillor Ward 5.
Max was planning to open up their campaign office on April 18th, and a large function was planned, which was their last Facebook post on March 24, 2015. Their last twitter post was on March 26th.
“Max loved people; always the first to say “What can I do to help?” Max loved serving the public and helping the most vulnerable – especially our seniors, whom they felt we all owed a debt of gratitude. But most of all, Max loved their family and friends, always being the strong shoulder to lean on,” posted Pam Damoff on their facebook page.
Sean O'Meara, Town & Regional Councillor posted on Facebook, “My great friend and supporter ‪#‎maxkhan‬ passed away last night. Words cannot describe the loss to our community to their family and to me. God bless my friend. I miss you already.”
Max Khan leaves behind their beloved father, mother, three sisters, brother and a son. They survived three fights with Cancer. They passed away shortly after midnight at Oakville Trafalgar Memorial Hospital at the age of 46. The funeral is expected to be held on Monday, March 30, 2015.
Share this: Facebook
Email
Pinterest
Twitter
Reddit
Telegram
LinkedIn
Tags:
Councillor, Death Notice, Jeff Knoll, Liberal Candidate, Liberal Party of Canada, March 29 2015, Max Khan, Mayor Rob Burton, North Oakville/Burlington, Oakville Trafalgar Memorial Hospital, Pam Damoff, Sean O'Meara, Town of Oakville
A female British tourist in Sri Lanka has been detained and faces deportation for having a Buddha tattoo on their arm.
The woman was arrested at Colombo's international airport on Monday upon arrival from India, Agence France-Presse reports.
“She was taken before the Negombo magistrate who ordered them to be detained prior to deportation,” read a police statement.
The charges against the woman were not specified, but in a series of previous cases, Sri Lanka has shown a high sensitivity to perceived threats to Buddhism, the nation's majority religion.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
In March, a British tourist was barred from entering the country for showing “disrespect” by having a Buddha tattooed on their arm; in August 2013, three French tourists received a suspended prison sentence for kissing a Buddha statue; and in 2010, American rap star Akon was prevented from visiting Sri Lanka after featuring skimpily clad women in front of a Buddha statue in one of their music videos.
[AFP]
Contact us at editors@time.com.
Newspapers in a Vienna coffeehouse. Credit: Alex Barth via Flickr
Is Google stealing our content? That, anyway, seemed to be the suggestion when a European publishing group announced last week that it had garnered a number of supporters for its Hamburg Declaration, which calls for "urgent improvements in the protection of intellectual property on the Internet."
This week, Google had a reply, which basically boils down to: Put up or shut up.
In a post written by Josh Cohen, senior business product manager, on the company's public policy blog Wednesday afternoon, Google said publishers can easily tell search engines to take a hike. All it takes is a two-line piece of code, which they helpfully included in their post. Tuck that on your website, and no search engine will crawl it; the stories won't show up when people look for content using search engines.
It's unlikely that newspapers will call Google's bluff. Here's why: Google's search engine and its Google News site sends 1 billion visits to newspaper websites each month. Those visitors drive up the traffic numbers that website ad rates are partially based on. More readers = higher ad rates, which is why few publishers will say no to Google's traffic referrals.
Granted, most of those readers don't pay for the stories they read. And that leads to statements like this one from the Hamburg protocol, which was signed by James Murdoch of News Corp., Robert Thomson of the Wall Street Journal and Ian Smith of Reed Elsevier, among others:
Numerous providers are using the work of authors, publishers and broadcasters without paying for it. Over the long term, this threatens the production of high-quality content and the existence of independent journalism.
Sam Zell, whose Tribune Co. owns the Los Angeles Times, has said much the same thing, if only in more colorful terms. "If all of the newspapers in America did not allow Google to steal their content, how profitable would Google be?" they told a group of incredulous Stanford University students in 2007.
Google's retort to publishers is that it is open to work with them on whatever business model they deem fit. Want only paid subscribers to read? Fine, it can steer clear of the site, or follow a model like that of the Wall Street Journal, which lets readers referred from search engines see the article for free but makes them subscribe if they want to read any other articles on the site. Want the articles to expire after a few days and go into an archive where readers would have to pay to see? There's a line of code for that too.
Right now, the vast majority of newspaper sites serve up free, ad-supported content. And Google said it's happy to send traffic to those sites. Unless, of course, they don't want all those readers.
-- Alex Pham
Follow my random thoughts on games, gear and technology on Twitter @AlexPham.
Environmentalists reacted angrily Tuesday to a controversial shipment of fin whale meat to Japan by an Icelandic whaling company, saying it flouted international conservation agreements.
The Icelandic whaling company Hvalur HF plans to ship 1,700 tonnes of whale meat via Luanda in Angola, repeating a similar controversial delivery of 2,000 tonnes last year which sparked protests along its route.
“This is an animal welfare issue. There is no humane way to kill animals of that size… there is no need for this meat and certainly no need for Iceland's economy or fisheries industry to have this,” said Sigursteinn Masson, Iceland spokesperson at the International Fund for Animal Welfare (IFAW) told AFP.
“This is a shipment that faces strong international opposition… Commercial whaling is a very isolated business — we want to see the end of it, as does most of the world.”
According to Icelandic daily Eyjan the meat was loaded aboard a vessel known as Winter Bay near the Icelandic capital Reykjavik two weeks ago but its departure has been delayed due to a mechanical failure.
Kristjan Loftsson, chief executive of Hvalur HF, confirmed local media reports of the pending shipment which they said was “not illegal”.
“Iceland made a reservation on the ban so it is not bound by it,” they said.
Iceland and Norway are the only nations that openly defy the International Whaling Commission's (IWC's) 1986 ban on hunting whales.
Icelandic whalers caught 137 fin whales and 24 minkes in 2014, according to the anti-whaling group WDC, compared to 134 fin whales and 35 minkes in 2013.
Japan has used a legal loophole in the ban that allows it to continue hunting the animals in order to gather scientific data.
But it has never made a secret of the fact that the whale meat from these hunts often ends up on dining tables.
Consumption of whale meat in Japan has fallen sharply in recent years while polls indicate that few Icelanders regularly eat the meat.
In September the European Union, the US and several other countries issued a statement calling on Iceland to halt commercial whaling, particularly of fin whales.
Latch - To fasten, to secure, to attach oneself.
Boot Key Harbor is a sheltered safe haven in Marathon, Florida Keys where many ‘live-aboard' sailors have latched themselves, their boats and their lives, Jonathan and I included. This is a place where many of us have begun the dream of owning our own boats, our exploration vessels and ‘floating homes' and building our lives. One of the biggest misconceptions about the sailing community is that it is occupied by people with so much disposable income that they buy boats just so that they have something to spend it on. This could not be farther from the truth.
This is Boot Key Harbor City Marina before Hurricane Irma.
Of course, there are a few of those people around, but here in Marathon many boat owners have turned to life aboard as a way to live out their dreams, at the same time choosing to forfeit many of life's supposed luxuries. Much of the community here live aboard because they couldn't see it any other way; only life on the water will do. The rest simply couldn't afford to live any other way here, even if they wanted to; waiters and waiteres, bar staff, mechanics, the trash truck crews, boatyard workers, charter boat crew... These are the people that keep the Florida Keys alive as a tourist destination for the thousands that flock here for their vacations year round. Without them everything would grind to a halt, but when living cheaply on land costs as much as $1500 a month, buying an old boat and nursing it into a tiny floating home for a few thousand dollars is the only way life here is possible. Recently though, Hurricane Irma smashed its way through this community and devastated lives that so many have spent years building.
Our boats are latched in place with anchors, chains and mooring lines. Our hearts latched onto our boats and onto this little island that has taken us in without any discrimination or preconceptions. We have been drawn in to the warmth of Florida and the genuineness of the people. While we, like many others, will soon leave to sail around the world, we still feel latched to this place that we have come to call our home, with our own 46 year old sailboat, S/V Empress, in Boot Key Harbor City Marina.
Life - Existence, being.
Our ‘live aboard life' here is nothing short of amazing. We have live aboard neighbors who are some of the greatest people we could ever hope to meet. We are a part of a sailing community full of ‘live-aboard' people, who welcome newbies like us on a daily basis, share their advice and experience and are always there to lend a hand, or an ear, whenever it's needed.
Some of our neighbors have become more like mentors, teaching us how to live well on a boat, how to maintain and fix our boat and all the invaluable tricks of the trade that make this alternative lifestyle the joy that it is. We spend our days paddle boarding, fixing things, motivating each other, discussing ideas, talking about life and just laughing all day. We visit each other's boats, share our meals and have drinks together. More than friends, we consider them our family, happy to be in the company of each other. We are very content with our lives and that's not an easy thing to find these days.
Based on all the information we have from during and after the storm, Hurricane Irma is the biggest storm ever recorded and certainly one of the most devastating seen in this part of the world. The Category 5 winds were measured up to 185 mph, with sustained winds of 130 mph in Marathon. It was so strong that it was picked up as seismic activity by equipment used to measure earthquakes. As the most powerful part of the storm passed over the Florida Keys, the winds along with four to six feet of storm surge poured in from the Atlantic Ocean, tearing homes apart and taking cars from one side of the island to the other. In our beloved Boot Key Harbor, well-secured boats were ripped from their moorings and flung in circles smashing into one boat after another until they were either sunk or pushed into the surrounding mangroves or pushed into the bridges and docks. Hundreds of floating homes and lifelong dreams destroyed like they were nothing.
Irma hit the Florida Keys as a Category 4 hurricane. Although it eventually weakened into a tropical storm as it travelled up the state of Florida, it still left a huge mess in its wake. It destroyed houses like sheets of paper. It uprooted trees and sign boards. It destroyed more than 75% of the boats in Boot Key Harbor.
Out of around 260 boats, only about 60 of those made it through the hurricane still on their mooring balls, our S/V Empress included. The others? Crumpled against bridges and pilings, slammed into the mangroves, some washed up onto the roads and many whose remains have still not been found... Memories are the only thing that's left of them.
Love - Definition varies.
As Jonathan and I made our way back, it broke our hearts to see what had happened to Marathon and Boot Key. It's sad to see people living in tents or at the back of their cars and hard to see our neighbors mourning for the loss of their belongings and their floating homes.
But despite all of the sadness among the community here, we still find hope and love in each and every one of them. The residents of Boot Key Harbor, all the volunteers who came to help and those in the government are showing no weakness in their response to the situations they find themselves in. They are showing nothing but positivity, resilience and love. It's just empowering to see how the US Government, the NGOs, the volunteers from all over the world, and individuals responded to the disaster. Each are helping each other in their own ways.
It's here that we want to mention, show admiration, and give thanks to a few of them in this post...
Sean Cannon and the team at Marathon City Marina - In the five days that residents were not permitted back into Marathon, Sean and the City Marina team were working to restore and repair as much as possible to order in the marina and the mooring field. By the time we arrived back on the first day the roads were reopened, basic services were already restored and had been working every hour they could to try to get things ready for people to come and find their homes, or simply to try to recover their possessions.
“Diesel” Don and Deana Shuler - Don is a well known member of the Boot Key Harbor community and is one the best boat guys and diesel mechanics around.  They are well liked, loved, and highly admired by people here, thanks to their talents, heart and generosity. Having weathered every hurricane in Florida since 1991, all on boats, they also knew where to go to have the best chance of survival. When they went, they took other boats with them and guided them to the best spot they could find, a sheltered up-river cove surrounded by tall mangroves on all sides. They coordinated everything, helping and guiding everyone in getting their boats safely tied up in the thick mangrove branches.
They all managed to survive unscathed, despite the fact that the eye of the storm passed almost directly over their little hurricane hole. When it was all over they probably could have stayed there, likely able to get plenty of work in an area they know so well, but they came back to Marathon as soon as they could to help.
Our boat neighbors Rocky And Donna - The first time we arrived in Boot Key and tied up on the mooring ball next to Rocky's boat, Osprey, they introduced themselves saying they had known Empress since the 1990's. They had been friends with the previous owner for many years. They are both kind, lovely, and generous people. While I was away traveling in Africa, they would often bring Jonathan bananas from the tree in a garden they looked after!
Donna has lived in Marathon for quite a few years, while Rocky was born and raised in South Florida, also spending much of their life in Marathon as a painter and an art teacher. They both had their own sail boats and when they became a couple over two years ago, they started to plan the next stage of their sailing life together. Rocky bought Osprey, a Seabird ketch, in the 80's and spent two years rebuilding them by hand in the 90's. Donna had owned Tigua, a 1971 Alberg, since the early 90's. When Irma had passed and it was safe to step outside, both of their boats were gone. Just like that, their most loved possessions were taken away by the storm. Donna's boat has still not been found, while Osprey is wedged into the mangroves, too damaged to repair and rebuild yet another time.
Despite their own losses and unable to contact us in any way, they made sure to check on Empress. As soon as they had the opportunity to check her, they made sure that everything was okay and that they aren't sinking. They found Empress' windows broken and they immediately patched them up.
Without these two, Empress could have taken a lot of damage from the rain, on top of the minor injuries sustained. When we finally saw Empress, the insides were completely dry and just as we had left it, thanks to them!
The Boot Key Marina Community: There were some people who managed to get back into Boot Key earlier by sailing from other parts of Florida. These people did survey reports, patrolled the area, and formulated some idea of where the missing boats might have gone. Business owners offered their services for free where they could. Some residents are giving away free meals and coffee. Some even offer the use of their freezers so leftovers can be saved for the next day!
Alex and the team at SeaTek - Using one of their own boats, Alex was able to send one of their team into Marathon by sea. Him and others took photos of the damaged boats and tried to find out where all the other boats were and in what their condition was. They went out of their way, tried to find the owners, and coordinated with them.
Peter James, Scot Henry, Holly Jolly, Robin Krest, Shannan Lynes, Kenny Mickler, Carolyn Shearlock, and Christine Springfield, Bob Harrington of Tow Boat 1 - Working together, they took a lot of photos of the boats, compiled them, identified them and their owners, and tried to send the photos to their owners so that these people can prepare what they have to do once they get back in. It's such a big help especially during the times that there was not a lot of media coverage.
Tim Maloy of Backyard Bro's Competition BBQ Team - This guy has been cooking free meals all over the Florida Keys after having Sonny's BBQ and Skinny's BBQ donated them some meat. They even agreed to provide some food to the residents of Boot Key Harbor! They brought us delicious pulled pork and pulled chicken with really good BBQ sauce for people all over the community.
Elks Lodge Marathon - A private members' club which organizes local events and raises funds for good causes, the local Elks have been providing free hot meals for over 4000 people since the hurricane hit. They also collect donations of canned goods, household items and anything else that might help support the local community. They also provided an incredible cooked meal for the harbor, which coincided quite nicely with Diesel Don's birthday!
I know that there are more people who have been helping and doing great things and we haven't been able to include everyone, nevertheless, you are all heroes! It's a very difficult situation now, but recovery centers from all over the State are very efficient. They are bringing down food, ice, and water from all over Florida.
We even used our rental car a couple of times to get toiletries and other supplies to bring them down to the City Marina so the people who are still busy collecting their boats will have a central point to pick up their supplies. Fortunately, Enterprise was extremely understanding about the situation created by the hurricane, so they allowed us to keep the car for an extra week without any charge. A lot of people have been doing a lot to help, so much more than us, and it's wonderful to see amidst so much loss.
Please show them some love too! We are currently gathering funds for these people to help rebuild and even buy new floating homes! Here's how you can help some of the now homeless live-aboard people of the Boot Key Harbor:
Send cash or donate important items like tents, kayaks, cleaning products, outboard motors, paddle or anything else which may be beneficial to the sailing community. Please write Sean as the receiver.  They are a very good and trustworthy guy in charge of our marina. They will make sure all of your donations will fall into the right hands ❤
You may ship it to the Marina address:
Boot Key Harbor City Marina c/o Sean Cannon (Harbor Master / Ports Director)
800 35th Street - Ocean
Marathon
Florida, 33050-2393
You can call them at 305-289-8877 or on their email at cannons@ci.marathon.fl.us
---------
About the Author:
Spread the love
June 11, 2014
Below is a great example of how police harass the innocent.
C.J. and Matt were simply walking, at night. They had committed no crime and presented no threat to another's property or person when a police officer decided to detain them.
This police officer had no reasonable suspicion to stop these guys so they say they were loitering. Apparently walking through a public space at night, is now loitering.
After stopping them, the officer claims that not answering questions is ‘suspicious activity.'
Apparently the 5th Amendment to the Constitution is ‘suspicious' to this cop.
Some people will say that they should have consented and answered the questions this cop was asking. However they have probably never heard this lecture, by officer George Bruch of the Virginia Beach Police Department, explaining why you should ‘never, never, never, ever talk to the police, ever.'
The police will all to often use your own words to imply that a crime has been committed, even if you are innocent.
Around the 4:30 mark in the video, C.J. makes this officer look pretty silly.
It was good that C.J. got this jab in early as the night had apparently just started for these cops. Tax payer money well spent.
Greg Noyes (Lucan, Ontario/Salmon Arm Silverbacks)
Matt Garbowsky (St. George, Ontario/Powell River Kings)
Brad McGowan (Langley, British Columbia/Surrey Eagles)
Adam Hartley (West Vancouver, British Columbia/Surrey Eagles)
Brad McGowan (Langley, British Columbia/Surrey Eagles)
We're down to the US Open Cup quarterfinals, and with MLS teams slotted into seven of the eight spots, we asked our editors: Which squad most needs to raise the Cup?
BEN COUCH: Lighting the Way Forward
Nelson Rodriguez and Velkjo Paunovic are making a lot of the right long-term moves, but it's been a rough season in Chicago. The standings aren't friendly – and yet, the recognition of progress is there. Jonathan Campbell has been a Rookie Rankings mainstay and left back Brandon Vincent just landed on the MLS All-Star Gameday Roster. The transfer window addition of Dutch striker Michael de Leeuw should put more punch in the attack alongside speedy striker David Accam and Kennedy Igboananike.
The Open Cup represents an opportunity for Paunovic – a globally respected coaching prospect after leading the Serbian national team to the FIFA U-20 World Cup title – to hang hardware on the mantle and offer a strong talking point for fans to take into 2017 … and beyond!
And it looks like they know it.
SAM STEJSKAL: Starting the climb
The Sounders are the obvious choice here. Seattle are mired in ninth place in the West after Sunday's loss at Portland, nine points behind the Timbers for the sixth and final playoff spot. Their only silver lining? They have two games in hand on Portland and three on seventh-place Sporting KC, who they trail by eight points.
Their climb to the red line will be steep, but they still have time to catch those two clubs, as well as eighth-place San Jose. They'll need a serious injection of confidence if they're going to get there, however. A win against the high-powered Galaxy at StubHub – where LA never lose – would be a great place to start.
ANDREW WIEBE: Cementing a Legacy
In 2 1/2 seasons, Oscar Pareja has turned FC Dallas into arguably MLS's best club. They've become the harbinger for youth development in a country obsessed by it. They've fallen a few goals short of the Supporters' Shield and taken consecutive steps forward in the playoffs. As I write this, they sit atop the standings and Power Rankings.
Thing is, lasting legacies – and legit USMNT head coaching candidacies – are built one way and one way only: championships. FC Dallas' only silverware came back in 1997 in this very tournament, and Pareja's professional coaching trophy case is still empty. Neither should be desperate to win this season's US Open Cup, but there's no doubt both the club and its coach need it.
DAVE ZEITLIN: Sealing the deal
As soon as Jim Curtin took over as the Philadelphia Union's head coach two years ago, they stressed the importance of the Open Cup and what winning the club's first trophy could do for the city and the franchise. Since then, he's done a remarkable job in the tournament, guiding Philly to a 10-2 mark while enjoying some wild wins that have seen extra time, shootouts, ejections, weather delays and more. But in each of the last two years, the stirring run ended in the final as the Union lost back-to-back heartbreakers to the Seattle Sounders and Sporting Kansas City.
And yet while both of those losses were absolutely devastating – even more so because they happened at home – the truth is probably that the Union played and they could have in each of those games, falling victim in the end to not having quite enough talent and depth. That's not the case anymore, as a far deeper and improved roster has the Union near the top of the Eastern Conference standings while still chasing Open Cup glory following two gutsy tourney victories.
Unlike the past two years, when the playoffs were mostly out of reach, the Union don't need a deep Open Cup run to validate their season. But, more than any other MLS team, they do need to wipe out the bitter memories of the last two title games and show that their Open Cup magic can do more than just get them to a final … but have them lifting a trophy once they're there.
“It's not noble, it's not sacrificial and it's not painful,” they wrote of their caretaking duties. “It's just right in the scheme of things. After all, this lady rescued me from a fate worse than death, and for a long, long time.”
Mr. Snelling met the woman who would become their wife at a sophomore dance at Cedar Crest College in Allentown, Pa. They were spoken for then, “on the arm of the Yalie” who was their date, Mr. Snelling wrote. It would not last.
“That Adrienne was the girl that I wanted, the girl that I needed to bring into my life, and the girl that I had to marry became very clear to me quite soon,” Mr. Snelling wrote.
But it soon became apparent that Adrienne Angeletti was studious, they continued, and so they would have to be, too. When they took their books and a blanket outside to study, Mr. Snelling tagged along “to pester her,” they wrote.
Photo
“You're not studying,” they would say, according to Mr. Snelling, to which they would reply, “I'm studying you.”
On March 21, 1951, the two were married. They honeymooned in Bermuda . Soon came children — five of them, over 10 years — and a series of career ventures ranging from artificial insemination of dairy cattle to real estate development to the presidency of the Allentown City Council.
In the 1970s, Mr. Snelling became finance chairperson of the Republican Party in Pennsylvania. At 70, they were named to the Board of Directors of the Metropolitan Washington Airports Authority.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
After decades of their support in these endeavors, the illness was a sort of “redemption” for him, Mr. Snelling wrote.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“I have dug in with the will,” they said. “Adrienne likes to be with me so, everywhere I go Adrienne goes as well.”
They went on, “We continue to make a life together, living together in the full sense of the word; going about our life, hand in hand, with everyone lending a hand, as though nothing was wrong at all.”
Earlier in the essay, Mr. Snelling had assured readers they did not intend to sound “boastful” in retelling a life blessed with “more ups than downs.” Mr. Snelling's readers required no disclaimer. Some were moved to thank him.
“What a privilege it is to experience the ‘charmed' life of another and as a result to appreciate what is valuable in our own,” one reader from London commented on the article.
“We should all be so lucky to have unconditional love,” wrote another, from Honolulu.
At the end of their essay, Mr. Snelling described the seal at Phillips Academy in Andover, Mass., their prep school: a hive abuzz with bees, with the Latin ‘Non Sibi': “Not for self alone.”
Then they recalled another school creed. “The motto, also in Latin, is ‘Finis Origine Pendet,' ” they wrote. “The Beginning Foretells the End.”
It does without claiming just how important a very first date is. It's that critical opportunity to reveal an individual who you actually are for the first time, while really hoping that you'll both leave wanting the 2nd day. Many of us enter into an initial date daydreaming about the opportunities of exactly what it can turn into, and even it's natural to be thrilled about just what that best-case situation could be.
There are tons of initial date guides around, but the amount of having you read that didn't really assist you to feel confident entering an important very first date? It's possible that you assume every one of these "how-to guides" don't hold much water, because you could do every little thing right-- and yet if there's no chemistry, none of it matters.
But while it's obvious that you're method ahead of the game if you happen to have chemistry with each various other, if you combine that phenomenal chemistry with an outstanding first day, you'll be off to an amazing start. Your feelings of chemistry will feed off a really wonderful initial date, and also you'll have the ability to strike the ground operating. That's why this short article has to do with attaining an astonishing very first day. The chemistry isn't something we could aid with - you'll either have it or you won't-- however we could absolutely help you when it comes to impressions, terrific first days and even the best inquiries to ask on a date. Through this, if you do occur to have chemistry, it's not wasted on the wrong circumstances. Below is our supreme initial date guide:
Do not Phony It
Period 11's star of The Bachelor Kaitlyn Bristol can definitely talk to the value of impressions and first dates. They felt chemistry with now-fiance Shawn Display from the actual start, however, they likewise placed a high importance on the very first date. Bristol told me that it's particularly essential to learn if someone likes you for that you really are:
"First impressions are every little thing, but I don't believe any individual ought to ever before aim to place on an act in an effort to seem interesting an individual since it's additionally your chance to see if they like you for you that are. That's why honesty and even staying true to yourself are important while making an impression.".
One of the numerous issues with pretending to be something you're not on a first day in an effort to impress a person is that the reality constantly comes out at some point. Would not you rather learn if your date likes the actual you? You just cannot go wrong with credibility as well as openness.
Be Emotionally Prepared.
Being psychologically and also physically prepared for your date is going to help you tremendously when it pertains to presenting your ideal self. Relationship expert April Masini concurs. "Being on your own is an offered, yet being your optimal self-needs some prep work. If you show up for the day with a hangover, or without having actually bathed or dressed well, you've given on your own a handicap in regards to making a good first impression.
Now, you'll have to get over those shortages it wins them over, which is feasible-- yet it's much less complex if you're just prepared for the day in the first place." Constantly attempt to obtain a great night's sleep the evening before a very first day, similar to you would certainly the night before a vital task interview.
Reserve The Entire Night.
You'll obtain reward points if you reserve a Friday or Saturday night for her, due to the fact that every person understands that resembles winning the lotto game of day evenings. I'm always delighted when I get provided a prime date evening such as a Saturday night, rather than being slotted in for a weeknight. If you're taking place the first day, reserve the entire evening for your day. Devote to the idea that you might end up having so much fun learning more about each various other than the hours will zip. This is of the utmost relevance due to the fact that a very first day ought to never ever be hurried. If you established a day for 7 p.m. yet you additionally make other preparations for 9 p.m., you'll end up insulting your date when you cut things short. Marie Cosnard, head of patterns at best dating site for singles application Happen suggests "Don't take an initial date for given. This is your opportunity to find each various other, which is why the most effective initial days are long-- not rushed.".You'll obtain reward points if you reserve a Friday or Saturday night for her, due to the fact that every person understands that resembles winning the lotto game of day evenings. I'm always delighted when I get provided a prime date evening such as a Saturday night, rather than being slotted in for a weeknight.
Outfit To Impress.
A first date is a special occasion, and while it's not necessary to clothe extremely official, it is essential to be well-dressed. Nice jeans with a button up is superb, and also it's actually the shoes that are among the most essential things to take note of. April Masini attests "Female most definitely notice shoes, and even it's worth your time and money to invest in a few pairs of truly good footwears that fit your design as well as your budget. Putting on good footwears sends them the message that you're socially proficient and wise sufficient to understand how to clothe on your own well. Program them that you 'obtain it' and that you don't have to be taken shopping.".
What goes hand-in-hand with clothing well? Scenting great. Make certain you a bath, cut, floss as well as take those necessary steps to scent friendly.
Exist.
A link is a lot more easily set up when a woman feels that the guy she's on a day with is taken part in the discussion. Your phone should not show up, as well as you need to be paying attention proactively and also asking follow-up questions to reveal your interest. Make eye call, laugh at their jokes and even do not allow the conversation to be discriminatory. Know which questions need to be prevented (do not speak about marriage, ex-spouses or earnings) as well as know which inquiries will push the discussion in the right instructions.
If you're the individual who does not inspect their phone (not also as soon as) during the whole day, and also takes a real passion in just what they need to state, you'll attract attention. This is just what separates a wonderful very first date from a sub-par one: engagement.
Be The Male That Plans An Actual Day.
The most effective first days are the ones that entail inspiration, idea as well as preparing. Ladies are consistently thrilled when a man prepares something distinct, enjoyable and creative rather than a simple 'hang out' at a bar. Although numerous men often favour marginal preparing and also low-effort initial dates, it goes a lengthy means to put the initiative in on a very first day due to the fact that it makes you stand out and you unexpectedly appear a lot more creative and even less uninteresting.
April Masini claims "select an area to go with beverages that additionally happens to have real-time stand-up funny, or seek out shows in the location and also purchase the tickets beforehand. Structuring the date requires little effort with a great deal of payback, and even reveals you care enough to hold the evening. This is a wonderful behaviour to obtain into since it shows manners, respect and also maturation." If you want to take them to a dining establishment, try to consider an enjoyable task that the two of you might do after dinner, and discover ways making your day unique and even uncommon. The man with a strategy is the best kind of male.
Keep Things Light And Enjoyable.
Perfect initial date places for example locations with background noises or refined distractions. As an example, select a fairly hectic dining establishment with friendly songs or an amazing perspective. Also, better is a location with an open mic night, karaoke or stand-up comedy. The benefit of these types of places is that they put you at ease, they take the edge off the first-date nerves and permit you to merely relax and even be yourself. This easygoing atmosphere ensures authenticity compared with a peaceful and even intimate dinner in an expensive restaurant which could possibly come off as compelled or pretentious. Take a look at this listing of even more first day areas to prevent.
That Pays?
If you ask a lady out, bear in mind that they likely expects you to filter them It's only reasonable that if you ask a person out on a date, you deal with that individual. Choose a dining establishment you could pay for or an activity that doesn't cost too much money. You might not intend to invest way too much cash up until you're sure about her, which is reasonable sufficient-- yet that's why it is necessary to pick the very first date place on your own to make sure that you have some control over just how much the night will cost.
If they provide to pay, don't let them Be a gentleman, and also pay on the first date. It will certainly be discovered, valued as well as kept in mind.
Bear in mind Of What Functioned (And What Didn't).
The final tip in this first-day overview is to take mental notes of what jobs and also what doesn't on a first date. Try brand-new and also various first-date suggestions from time to time and even monitor which suggestions were a genius and even which were lacklustre. If your day truly delighted in one of the tasks you prepared (or did not appreciate it) maintain the note of that. This details will certainly be available in useful when you're preparing the second day.
Side scan sonar survey of the U-8 First World War Submarine shows conning tower, radio masts and periscope, sitting proud of the seabed
The wrecks of two submarines which sank over 100 years ago have now been given protected status.
A First World War German U-boat which was submerged in 1915 and a British A-class submarine that sank in 1912 before being salvaged and used as a gunnery target have been made protected historic wreck sites.
The German U-8 was the first to be sunk in British waters, after it was snared in anti-submarine nets off the coast of Folkestone, Kent, as it passed through the Dover Strait in March 1915.
It was hit by the destroyer Ghurka and forced to the surface, where it was consequently abandoned, before descending to the depths after coming under more fire from fellow-destroyer Maori.
However all the crew survived and were marched through the town to Dover Castle.
One of the propellers from the German wreck, which lies in the Dover Strait, was returned to the German Navy after being stolen by divers and was later found being used as a coffee table in Kent. The second propeller is still missing.
The British A3 submarine sank in February 1912 off Lulworth, Dorset, after being accidentally rammed while surfacing by the depot ship HMS Hazard off the Isle of Wight.
The vessel was salvaged and subsequently sunk as a gunnery target, now lying east of Portland.
Protecting the German U-8 is part of a project by Government heritage agency, Historic England to investigate the locations of 11 submarines known to have been lost in the First World War in English waters, to better understand their condition.
The German U-8 (similar to this one pictured) was the first to be sunk in British waters, after it was snared in anti-submarine nets off the coast of Folkestone, Kent, as it passed through the Dover Strait in March 1915
It was hit by the destroyer Ghurka and forced to the surface, where it was consequently abandoned, before descending to the depths after coming under more fire (Pictured: Multibeam acoustic survey of the boat)
Heritage Minister Tracey Crouch said: 'The UK has a long and proud maritime heritage and these wreck sites tell an important story about our past.
'As we mark the centenary of the First World War, it is fitting that we remember the role of the wider war at sea and I am excited that these sites will be protected for years to come.'
Mark Dunkley, maritime designation adviser for Historic England, said: 'The U-8's design and construction, complete with six torpedoes, marked a turning point in submarine development.
The British A3 submarine (similar to this one pictured) sank in February 1912 off Lulworth, Dorset, after being accidentally rammed while surfacing by the depot ship HMS Hazard off the Isle of Wight
'The Type U-5 boats were superior to allied submarines both in fighting ability and seaworthiness. The U-8 sits upright on the seabed in excellent condition and you can still see its periscopes and radio masts attached.'
By Nick Warburton
Easter Monday, 1908. And there's snow on the ground. An aging icon, W.G. Grace, contemplates another day in their life-long cricketing obsession. They arrive at the Oval and can't quite bear to sit in the clubhouse to meet the usual people. Instead they trudge out in to the cold to face a different type of questioning.
W.G.Grace ..... Kenneth Cranham
GF ..... Benedict Cumberbatch
Voice of Cricket ..... Christopher Martin-Jenkins
Produced by Steven Canny
Nick Warburton is a writer of great significance in audio drama. In 2007 they won the Peter Tinniswood Award for the Best New Play on Radio. They were thrilled to be a guest interviewee on Test Match Special during their 50th Anniversary celebrations.
"To their contemporaries Grace was supreme and, in words used of Aristotle, the master of those who know. For longevity, for their effect on the game, for performances with bat and ball, for their place in history, William Gilbert Grace stands alone." Sir John Major.
Planting Seeds is an upcoming TV series for entrepreneurs filmed and produced in Trinidad and Tobago. The show has a similar format to other popular series such as Shark Tank and Dragon's Den, where entrepreneurs pitch their businesses to investors. It's an opportunity to not only pitch but to also showcase what you are working on to the show's viewers.
They've partnered with Guardian Media Group who will be airing the series on CNC3 in Trinidad as well as Ernst & Young for business plan valuations and J.D Sellier for legal support. If you want to be part of the Planting Seeds show, it's a 3-step process:
Submit application on www.plantingseedscaribbean.com Planting Seeds would assess application and once approved will assist in formulating a Business Plan that will be sent to EY. After which EY will review and allow for one edit of the business plan. This will then be valuated by EY. Close the deal. If a Venture Capitalist decides to make the Entrepreneur an offer and he/she accepts, J.D Sellier will provide all legal frameworks to be able to move forward with the transaction.
The show airs in May 2016 so submissions should be made soon as possible.
In South Carolina authorities have taken up the task of wiping out home poker by investigating games and then raiding them with force usually reserved for drug busts. The law the police are using to nail these players has been on the books since 1802 and restricts the playing of any type of game in one's home that uses dice or cards.
The latest raid took place April 4, when police concluded a 10-month investigation of a poker game in Charleston County where four houses were watched. On that day, the Sheriff's department busted into a home wherein high-stakes games took place, arrested 27 people, seized $62,000, and took everyone to jail, where they were booked and were forced to post bond. A total of 65 players who played at any of the homes were charged, and 19 have already pled guilty to the misdemeanor. They were ordered to pay fines ranging from $154-$257 and will have to head to civil court to fight for the return of the monies that were seized.
Bob Chimento was one of the players who was charged with gambling on April 4, even though they aren't at the game. They said the stakes were too high for them there, but they did play at one of the other homes that was investigated. They played on Oct. 15, the same night an undercover cop happened to be at the game, and a warrant was put out for their arrest.
Chimento was one of 23 people who were at a $20 tournament in Mount Pleasant, South Carolina, that was raided in April 2006. All but five players pleaded guilty and paid small fines. These same players were also charged in the most recent bust, the only players from the 2006 raid to face more charges. Chimento is one of a group of five who has asked for a jury trial in both cases.
A poker hobbyist who says has only played three times since August, Chimento is now at the forefront of the fight for getting this antique South Carolina law changed.
“The reason we're fighting the law is because we want to get our state representatives to change this law,” Chimento said. “We're just a bunch of average Joes playing cards. We want to be able to play cards in our homes. They're trying to intimidate people to quit playing poker.”
The tactics of the law enforcement, no matter how much publicity the raids are getting in South Carolina, don't seem to be working. Games can be found every night of the week there, and public opinion, based on local newspaper and radio polls, is reporting that 85 percent of those polled think the players are getting a raw deal.
The way the police are conducting the raids may be the most disturbing thing about the situation. At the game in 2006, Chimento said there was a knock on the door and then “…all of a sudden it was like a commandos SWAT team raiding a bunch of crack dealers. It's was like the SWAT team that you see on TV, busting into your home, guns drawn, ski masks on, full protective gear, and demanding we put our hands on top of our heads,” Chimento said. “At first we thought we were getting robbed, then we realized they had police written all over them, and we were like ‘Oh my God, check this out.' Someone could have easily been killed that night.”
A 78-year-old grandmother was one of the players swept up that night. Police issued citations on the spot and seized about $6,000 in total from all of the players.
A few days after the most recent bust, Chimento found themselves at the county jail getting booked after they were notified that a warrant was out for their arrest for playing poker on Oct. 15, 2007. They spent eight hours there getting fingerprinted and processed (including a mug shot), and then had to appear in court a week later to enter their second not-guilty plea in two years.
They and the other four players who are fighting the charges are getting help from Bob Ciaffone and gambling law attorney Chuck Humphrey. They are hoping for a jury trial, but Chimento feels that once it goes to trial (there's no indication of when the 2006 case will take place), there's a good chance they will be convicted.
If and when that happens, they will appeal the decision to the state Supreme Court, who could take a closer look at the law than the lower courts are able to do. This is how they're hoping to change the law.
The original case has already prompted state representative Wallace Scarborough to write a bill that would allow people to play poker in their homes, as long as a rake isn't collected. Their bill was just returned back to committee, though, and won't be voted on this year.
Overwatch continues its mixed media storytelling, this time with a comic focused on pink-haired bruiser Zarya. Titled "Searching," Overwatch #15 has a script written by Andrew Robinson and Joelle Sellner with art and colors by Kate Niemczyk.
Blizzard provided the following synopsis for this issue: "Aleksandra Zaryanova is in over their head when Katya Volskaya sends them to eliminate the elusive hacker known as Sombra. At their wit's end, Zarya reluctantly teams up with an omnic hacker. Butting heads all the way, they hone in on their target. Through strife, Zarya begins to realize that they will have to reassess their worldview about omnics being uniformly evil."
And you can check out a preview of the cover and a scene from the comic below:
The full issue will be available on Wednesday, 9/27 at comic.playoverwatch.com. But here's some more information about the team that created this upcoming issue.
"Andrew Robinson has written and consulted for some 30 animated TV shows in the last 16 years, including co-creating and overseeing the series Kaijudo: Rise of the Duel Masters, which ran two seasons. Lured by the incredible storytelling potential they saw in Blizzard's games, they joined the company as a senior writer at the end of 2014, and has been happily writing cinematic shorts and in-game content--and now comics--for its various intellectual properties since then."
"Joelle Sellner's distinguished work in comics includes the Saved by the Bell and Mer graphic novels, both published by Lion Forge. They also contributed to IDW's Womanthology. They have written for a variety of other mediums including animation (Sonic Boom, Avengers: Earth's Mightiest Heroes), web series (LEGO DC Superhero Girls, Fifi: Cat Therapist) and video games (Bandai Namco'sSupernova.)"
"Kate Niemczyk is an illustrator from Poland whose career in comics began in 2016 with Marvel's Mockingbird written by Chelsea Cain, for which they and Chelsea received an Eisner Award nomination for Best New Series. Kate has contributed to several titles, drawing covers for Invincible Iron Man #10, Mass Effect: Discovery #1-4, and Warhammer 40,000: Revelations #4, as well as interior art for Faith #9 and several short stories. Before comics, they worked on video games, advertisements, and animation as an illustrator, concept artist and storyboard artist. They also worked with Division48 animation studio on animated segments for titles such as Might and Magic: Heroes VII and The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt. Kate is a huge fan of video games and they also are well known for their video game related comic strips posted on their Tumblr blog: https://kate-n-bd.tumblr.com/."
Kevin Swanson and Dave Buehner of Generations Radio issued a grim prediction for the future of the family last week. The pair cited the results of the recent Pew Social Trends Survey on the rise of “breadwinner moms” as evidence that “women care less about their children” than men do.
Swanson easily explained this apathy. For more than half a century, they said, the “feminist zeitgeist” has been berating women with the message, “You do not love your children, you kill your children,” and, “You get out of that house, you do not raise your children.”
What's the takeaway message? “Women do not love their children as they used to,” and it's all Margaret Sanger's fault.
Swanson: Because there are so many women in the work force, the women's hearts are not home. There are far more men who say it would be better if moms could stay home because apparently the dads still care about the kids. The moms, it's a lower percentage Dave, 45% say it'd be better if moms were home, 67% of men say it would be better if moms were home, meaning there are far far more women- or far far more men- who say that it'd be better if moms were home because women care less about their children and about the influence they could have on their children because Dave I think they're already in the work force and they certainly don't want to say it'd be better if I were home. That's the issue. Buehner: Well Kevin this may run contrary to the social narrative but the social narrative is wrong. Think about it. The vast majority of divorces, they're filed by women. The vast majority of children who are killed in the womb are killed on the sole discretion of a woman. So when we get this idea in our social narrative that women love children more than men, women love family more than men, are more protective, the data is absolutely the opposite way. That's why you end up with more men who think it would be good if their children had a functional household and mom was there to raise them. Swanson: They've been the recipient of a culture, a Margaret Sanger culture, Dave, that has told them ‘You do not love your children, you kill your children. You do not love your children, you kill your children. You do not love your children.' The Betty Friedans have said, ‘You do not love your children. You get out of that house, you do not raise your children. You do not love your children.' They have been under that nonstop for the last 50 to 60 to 70 to 80 years. The feminist zeitgeist has been incredibly powerful in working in the hearts and minds of so many tens of millions if not hundreds of millions of women in the Western world. Friends, women do not love their children as they used to.
Swanson later took on an apocalyptic tone, asserting that the rise of the career woman also equals “the end of manhood,” “men,” and “fatherhood.” The rise of the female breadwinner means more than unloved children. It also means the demise of society.
What you wear on your wrist tells a lot about you. Having more than a dozen of watches, I still do not know which is my favorite as I tend to dress up very differently. I don't have a specific style or liking for any brands/styles.
Visited WSI last Wednesday and they left me so spoilt with their brands!
You don't have to crack your brain because they got everything sorted out for you.
Visit the +Gift Ideas to get some affordable watches for HIM and Them Otherwise, visit the +WSI Favourites to check out their latest favourites in stores.
The brands that they carry includes: DKNY, Marc by Marc Jacobs, Emporio Armani, Karl Lagerfeld, Diesel, Armani Exchange, Fossil, Michael Kors and etc.
For a moment, I thought I was in a land of happiness. I was dazed from looking at all the watches because it was so hard to pick one when they were all so tempting.
You know, I thought I was going to end up going home with either Marc by Marc Jacobs or Michael Kors but…..
+SWISS carries the watches from the slightly higher end as the watches are all Swisses made. Emporio Armani has just entered the line together with Zodiac and Michele.
I like the rectangle clock face from Michele. As they are Swiss made, the price are slightly steeper due to the difference in quality as compared to non-swiss made watches.
I liked the Micheal Kors watch at the top right. The entire face was BLING!! Everything was so pretty, I seriously can't even…… Anyway Jeanette Aw picked that watch as well!
And then the little Daddy by Diesel. They have big Daddy and even bigger ones! Nat Ho picked the biggest one. Too chic, too stylish. But I have a wrist too small for it :/
I ended up with these 3. I liked the strap on Micheal Kors, it reminded me of the leather on my Prada Wallet. The leather was super durable!
So I bottom my choices down to the two Karl Lagerfeld below.
Same design, but it's either glossy or matt. Both of them were ridiculously attractive. They had their own unique style. I figured out that the glossy one would be more chic so….. Just so you now, both the matt and glossy are retailing at $419 each 🙂
My pick, along with the other watches I bought that night.
The fossil MEN watch is retailing at $209 while the Adidas at $110.
Thank you WSI for having me that night. Thank you for the eye feast and the Karl Lagerfeld 🙂
WSI Store @ 313 Somerset is located at #02-22, 313 Orchard Road Singapore 238895.
PSSST, directly beside Mango and opposite Forever21.
Don't miss them!
Good news and bad news for Trump fans from Nate Cohn. The good news: If you're looking for evidence that Monday night's electorate will include a bunch of people who've never voted Republican before, which probably means a stronger than expected showing for Trump, here you go. New registrations for the GOP are up from where they were in 2012:
This is what the figures look like corrected AND with new data. It's a completely different story. pic.twitter.com/sbYDUchlo3 — Nate Cohn (@Nate_Cohn) January 28, 2016
Those are dismal numbers for Bernie Sanders, who's hoping to bring their own surge of independents and disaffected liberals into the Democratic caucus, but an encouraging sign for Trump. The bad news is that new registrations aren't as robust as you might expect given the size of Trump's media megaphone. As you can see, the GOP's only about 1,000 new registrants ahead of where it was in the dismal 2012 primary. Several thousand more new Democrats were registered in 2008 at this point than new Republicans have registered this year. Which is easily explained: The Obama phenomenon was carried along not just by their media platform but by a world-beating organization with a terrific GOTV operation. Obama had to work to get their voters to caucus, even with the press swooning over him. How's Trump doing with the other part of the “media + ground game” equation? Anecdotal evidence says … not well:
“They called me the oth­er night and said I'd be a pre­cinct cap­tain,” they said as they stood in snow flur­ries wait­ing to enter a Trump rally. The job en­tails call­ing oth­er po­ten­tial Trump sup­port­ers in Mar­shall County to re­mind them to turn out Monday night at 7 p.m. Of course, to do that they need names and phone num­bers—which, as of earli­er this week, they still had not re­ceived. “I've asked for a list, and there are only a few days left, so I hope it's soon,” they said… Also in the neigh­bor­hood, in yet an­oth­er of­fice park, was the Trump Iowa headquar­ters, where it was less clear what activ­ity was tak­ing place. A Trump staffer de­clined to give Na­tion­al Journ­al ac­cess to any­thing bey­ond the entry­way. In the course of an hour, not a single staff mem­ber or vo­lun­teer entered or ex­ited the build­ing. The next day, at a nearby call cen­ter hired by Trump for phone-bank­ing, only eight vo­lun­teers had signed in by mid­day—by which time oth­er cam­paigns would have twice or three times as many people work­ing the phones.
Ace wonders why Trump, whose resources are basically inexhaustible, skimped on pouring money into their GOTV effort. That's one of the great mysteries of the primary. They could have buried the other candidates with attack ads and field troops, and although critics would have screamed they were buying the nomination, most of the party would have shrugged. That's one of Trump's core invulnerabilities — they flaunt their wealth so much that there's no way to shame them for enjoying it the way the left continuously shamed Romney for it. If they wanted to spend $200 million to destroy Cruz, they would have just said, “It's my money, I worked hard for it,” and everyone apart from Cruz fans would have high-fived. But they haven't done that. Why come this far, leading the polls for the duration of the primary, only to get out-organized in the only poll that counts?
Aha, but what about new registrations on caucus day? Political junkies know by now that anyone can walk in on Monday night, register, and participate. Maybe the big surge is still to come. Maybe, but Cohn notes that that isn't how it's worked in the past, even for the Obama phenomenon:
The number of active registered voters increased by about 16,000 between January and February in 2008, and many of those newly registered voters didn't vote or participate in the G.O.P. race. It seems reasonable to assume that around 10,000 newly registered voters participated in the 2008 Democratic primary, or only about 4 percent of the electorate. Most of the increase in turnout for Mr. Obama came from voters who were already registered but hadn't previously participated in the caucus, not from people who had not yet registered to vote.
Could be that Trumpmania will rely on the same sort of already-registered-but-disaffected voters that Obama did, in which case maybe the new-registrant numbers aren't capturing the size of the wave that's coming. For the record, though, the best caucus turnout the GOP's ever had was 122,000 people in 2012. Monmouth assumed turnout of 170,000 people in its poll yesterday showing Trump leading Cruz by seven points. A more modest turnout of 130,000, which would still be record-setting, would produce … a dead heat between Cruz and Trump at 26 percent each. There's more good news and potential bad news for Trumpers in that. The good news is that Trump has now gained enough on Cruz that he's a threat to win even if there isn't the sort of blockbuster gate-crashing among their fans that he's hoping for. The bad news is that, if Cruz is out-organizing them in terms of turning out likely voters, maybe he's also out-organizing them in registering people (and convincing registered-but-disaffected Republicans who support them to show up). Trump isn't going to win all the first-time caucusgoers, after all. Whether they win Iowa depends on their margin over Cruz in that category. The fact that the indicators for newbies on Monday night aren't off the charts suggests that margin will be smaller than expected.
For more on the turnout numbers in Iowa, read streiff at Red State, who notes that Republican registrations are actually down from where they were a year ago. That'll probably change as of Monday, when some people join the party to caucus, but it's not the trend that a Trump fan wants to see.
Sandy Wexler, Adam Sandler's newest foray into amusing mediocrity and supposed tribute to a real-life producer friend, is getting grudging credit from the critics. Why? Because it's only half-bad. Which means it's also not half bad. And that's almost shocking. It's no Punch-Drunk Love, but nor is it Jack & Jill. If Adam Sandler is Tyler Perry for white people, then Sandy Wexler is the SNL alum's Netflix-era "I Can Do Bad All By Myself."
“Inspired by Sandler's longtime manager, ‘Sandy Wexler' argues that loyalty is more important than petty concerns like ‘fame' or ‘respect,'” observes David Ehrlich at IndieWire, “and the star's body of work bears that out as a genuine personal ethos.”
Ehrlich makes a convincing case that Sandler is something akin to the leader of a lollipop guild for “mildly talented comedians,” and is serious about rewarding their quasi-comedic compatriots. There's a reason they jam-packs every film with every one of their buddies (and the occasional budette). Nick Swardson, Allen Covert, David Spade, Rob Schneider, Terry Crews. You'll find them all in Wexler.
“Loyal to a fault, they look after the people they love, and they care about them a hell of a lot more than they do any of the films they make together,” adds Ehrlich. “It's not their problem that Netflix invented a business model that privileges casual viewing and then paid them a fortune to exploit it.” Sandler is a little more than halfway through a lucrative four-movie deal with the streaming service giant signed in 2014.
The Billy Madison star is a well-known Republican (albeit more of a "South Park Republican"). Perhaps less well-known is that Republicans harbor the opposite of what conservative pundit Steve Sailer calls "leapfrogging loyalties." Members of the red tribe are more often allegiant to those in their immediate vicinity: aunts, uncles, sisters and, in Sandler's case, a wacky band of brothers. Unlike doctrinaire progressives, and to a certain extent business-friendly centrists loyal to meritocracy, conservatives don't easily shine to a far away other (say, Muslims). “Far away” here need not suggest geographic distance. Numerically tiny groups—say, the trans community—with members in suburban cul-de-sacs throughout the Midwest are unlikely to elicit much enthusiasm from Republicans because they learned about them in a sociology class. They'd have to actually know one. (How much Caitlyn Jenner confounds all this, I'm unsure.)
“The biggest and most consistent partisan differences involve loyalty, authority and sanctity,” wrote former Obama “regulatory czar” Cass Sunstein in a 2015 Bloomberg piece drawing on the work of social psychologist Jonathan Haidt, who's done much to elucidate the differing moral profiles of liberals and conservatives. “The difference even maps onto preferences for dog breeds; conservatives are especially likely to want dogs that are loyal and obedient.”
With this in mind, the current POTUS can be viewed as a pretty hardcore Republican, despite the “RINO” accusation often hurled their way. Sure, they may care little about pro-life politics, but they care very much about rewarding allies and punishing enemies. Just ask Don King, a man who's no foreign policy guru but whose commitment to a buddy is enough to attempt mimicking one. For those high on loyalty, merit be damned.
“But what about Clint Eastwood?” one might retort. “He's Republican and makes first rate movies.” To this I can only respond that if Sandler is an undeniable and unashamed South Park Republican, Eastwood is best thought of as an Arlington Cemetery Republican.
Serious Organised Crime Agency put out a tender this summer for airborne platforms that could be used to gather intelligence
More and more police forces and government agencies are exploring the potential of unmanned drones for covert aerial surveillance, security, or emergency operations across the UK, the Guardian has learned.
The Serious Organised Crime Agency (Soca), which works closely with police forces and MI5, published an unusually detailed public tender notice in the summer requesting submissions from suppliers of airborne observation "platforms" that can be adapted for "target acquisition" and intelligence-gathering.
The proposal comes as the use of helicopter microdrones for law enforcement spreads. At least four forces – Merseyside, Essex, Staffordshire and British Transport police – have bought or used them.
Several government bodies, including the Environment Agency, have examined similar systems, while the fire services in the West Midlands and South Wales launch them as miniature spotter planes above major blazes. Some are operated commercially for aerial photography.
Microdrones can be fitted with video cameras, thermal imaging devices, radiation detectors, mobile-phone jammers and air sampling devices. Hovering at heights of around 60 metres, they are said by manufacturers to be virtually invisible from the ground.
This week the Civil Aviation Authority issued fresh advice about unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) for surveillance, warning that they must be licensed when flown within 50 metres of a person, property or structure.
"In the past we have seen people seriously injured or even killed by model aircraft," the authority said, "and, now that small, unmanned aircraft are becoming more readily available and simpler to fly, we need to avoid any similar incidents."
The CAA has contacted distributors to explain the rules for using "small, unmanned surveillance aircraft" in the UK. One senior police source said there was a serious risk that criminals might shoot remote-controlled drones out of the sky.
Soca's efforts are focused on tackling organised gangs involved in drug smuggling, human trafficking, gun crime, money laundering and identity theft. Often described as Britain's FBI, the organisation is led by Sir Ian Andrews, a former senior Ministry of Defence official.
The agency's request for bids is entitled "UK-London: intelligence, surveillance, target acquisition and reconnaissance". It proposes the use of both conventional planes and UAVs for a national air patrol service. The document suggests the surveillance contract could be put out to a private company.
The tender seeks information on "a fully serviced, airborne, surveillance-ready platform for covert observation". Drones, or planes, should be available for deployment within two hours of orders for "urgent taskings". Missions lasting up to five hours and night-flying are anticipated. "Low noise signature and unobtrusive profile" as well as a "discreet while accessible operating base" are said to be desirable features of any future aerial security system.
Pictures from onboard cameras and thermal-imaging equipment should be capable of being beamed down to "command and control rooms" as live, Soca's tender specifies. The agency adds that it "welcomes information from potential suppliers with regard to any UAV technology options".
Earlier this year the Guardian revealed that Kent police had expressed an interest in using drones for border and maritime security and other surveillance purposes.
Speaking on behalf of the Association of Chief Police Officers, ACC Allyn Thomas of Kent police confirmed that Staffordshire, Merseyide and Essex were using drones. "It is a cheaper option [than helicopters]," they said, "along with the opportunity to use the drones when cloud base cover makes it impossible for the conventional air support to fly."
Merseyside police had to suspend flights of a miniature helicopter drone it used in a successful manhunt earlier this year after the CAA announced that the force had not sought a licence to operate the system. It has since been given formal permission to resume flights.
The Soca tender, however, is the first formal confirmation of official interest in using the technology for police surveillance nationwide.
An agency spokesperson said: "Soca's targets include the most determined criminals attacking the UK. It's unsurprising that in tackling drug trafficking, people trafficking and kidnap we look at the very latest technology. A purchase is not an automatic outcome of a procurement exercise."
Mark Lawrence, director of Air Robot UK, said: "UAVs will, to an extent, replace helicopters. Our air robots cost £30,000 compared with £10m for a fully equipped modern helicopter. We have even been asked to put weapons on them but I'm not interested in getting involved in that."
The UKBA has told the Guardian that it has "followed the development of unmanned aerial vehicles (drones) for the purpose of border surveillance and co-operated with other UK law enforcement agencies to examine their potential.
"[We] do not rule out the use of drones at some time in the future if they can be shown to provide a value for money increase in our border security."
Here's a strange question for you – if you could go on a date with an historical figure, who would the lucky person be? This is a time-killing parlour game alt-J found themselves inventing and then playing, which lead to them writing their new single, Deadcrush. Who did they pick? Why, Sylvia Plath (Thom), Lee Miller (Joe) and of course… Anne Boleyn (Gus).
The song is a sexy, breathy, fast-paced paean to the concept of one's “dead crush,” and can be found on the band's latest album RELAXER. Despite its rather dark concept and sound, alt-J seem to find it all rather funny.
Especially Gus, the legend who chose Anne Boleyn. “Well, you know, I was watching Wolf Hall,” they admit. “It's just a little fun concept: picking somebody who's dead who you think; “Mmm, if they or they were alive today I wouldn't mind taking them out for an ice cold beer and maybe a…steak?”
TOKYO (Reuters) - The IMF on Thursday backed giving debt-burdened Greece and Spain more time to reduce their budget deficits, cautioning that cutting too far, too fast would do more harm than good.
But Germany pushed back and said back-tracking on debt-reduction goals would only hurt confidence, a stance that suggested some disagreement between the International Monetary Fund and Europe's largest creditor country.
“The IMF has time and again said that high public debt poses a problem,” German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble told reporters. “So when there is a certain medium-term goal, it doesn't build confidence when one starts by going in a different direction.”
“When you want to climb a big mountain and you start climbing down then the mountain will get even higher.”
The IMF released new research this week showing that fiscal consolidation has a much sharper negative effect on growth than previously thought. Since the global financial crisis, these so-called fiscal multipliers have been as much as three times larger than they were before 2009, the IMF research shows.
That means aggressive austerity measures may inflict deep economic wounds that make it harder for an economy to get out from under heavy debt burdens.
“It is sometimes better to have a bit more time,” IMF Managing Director Christine Lagarde said. “That is what we advocated for Portugal; this is what we advocated for Spain; and this is what we are advocating for Greece.”
But the IMF was less willing to be patient with Europe on following through with its efforts to seek a more cohesive fiscal and banking union. It said that process was critically incomplete, and blamed the plodding pace for contributing to economic uncertainty that was hurting global growth.
Emerging markets expressed frustration that the euro zone troubles were spilling into their economies. The IMF still expects emerging markets to grow four times as fast as advanced economies, but it cut its forecast sharply for two of the biggest players, Brazil and India.
“Europe has to get its act together,” said Palaniappan Chidambaram, India's finance minister, speaking on behalf of the Group of 24 developing and emerging economies. “What is happening in Europe is having an impact on developing countries.”
CREDITOR COUNTRIES
The IMF has expressed frustration with Europe's piecemeal response to its debt crisis and warned that a recent respite in borrowing costs for debt-laden countries such as Spain may prove short-lived unless euro zone leaders come up with a comprehensive and credible plan.
In its financial stability report on Wednesday, the IMF said that without swift policy action, including the triggering of the European Central Bank's bond-buying program, the premium that investors demand to hold Spanish and Italian debt instead of safer German bonds would nearly double.
Standard & Poor's cut its rating on Spain on Wednesday to a level just above junk territory, and Moody's may soon follow.
Japan's Finance Minister Koriki Jojima talks next to Head of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) Christine Lagarde (C) and Liberia's President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf (R) during the "Globalization at a Crossroads: From Tokyo to Tokyo" debate at the Tokyo International Forum October 11, 2012. REUTERS/Stephen Jaffe/IMF/Handout
The IMF has said it stands ready to support a European bailout for Spain, should Madrid ask. Reuters reported on October 1 that Spain was ready to seek help, but that Germany was blocking an aid request because it preferred to combine a Spanish rescue with additional assistance for other struggling countries such as Greece.
Jose Vinals, the head of the IMF's monetary and capital markets department, warned that countries must not withhold help if Spain were to ask the European Central Bank to buy its bonds under a new bailout program, known as OMT for Outright Monetary Transaction.
“If it were to be the case that they decide to activate this mechanism and they can submit to the proper degree of conditionality, it would be essential that the creditor countries do not negate this activation of the OMT for Spain or for any of the countries,” Vinals told Reuters.
MIND THE FISCAL CLIFF
European officials were keen to ensure their region was not the sole topic of discussion in Tokyo, where finance officials from around the globe have gathered for the semiannual meetings of the IMF and World Bank.
Europe wants more attention placed on the difficulties Washington faces addressing its “fiscal cliff” of automatic spending cuts and tax increases that will take effect early next year unless the U.S. Congress acts.
U.S. Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner said the United States had a window of opportunity after its November 6 presidential election to negotiate a debt reform framework.
Geithner said the magnitude of fiscal reforms that the United States needed to achieve debt sustainability was between 2 percent and 3 percent of gross domestic product, which they pointed out was “a modest challenge relative to what most countries around the world face on the fiscal side.”
Slideshow (21 Images)
“Our belief is that we can use the period between the election and the end of the year to negotiate a framework of reforms that can be phased in over time,” they said.
Finance ministers and central bankers from the Group of Seven industrial nations - the United States, Japan, Canada, Italy, Britain, Germany and France - huddled during the afternoon to discuss their challenges, but did not issue a statement outlining their views.
Japanese Finance Minister Koriki Jojima told reporters the G7 agreed the global recovery faced risks and that it had held in-depth discussions on monetary policy. But they declined to go into specifics.
An official from the finance ministry, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said Europe was not in the firing line at the G7 meeting. “It's not the case that the meeting was dominated by a sense of pessimism about Europe, or that there was a sense the region was not doing enough,” the official said.
Alabama Republican Sen. Jeff Sessions is going after a top immigration official who earlier admitted the U.S. government has invited future terrorists into American communities, the Obama administration's much-touted “vetting process” aside.
“The fact is—anybody that understands the challenge they face to do this vetting. You cannot vet people from Syria, because there's no way, and we have no plans to send anybody into Syria to verify anything that they say,” Sessions told León Rodríguez during their testimony before a Senate panel.
“That's the problem, fundamentally,” the Republican continued. “Are you not aware that I have written four letters to the Department, asking for information on how many refugees have been convicted of criminal and terrorist activities?”
Rodríguez, who directs citizenship and immigration Services for the Department of Homeland Security, said they aren't. “I confess Chairman, I am not. I will certainly make sure to follow up on this correspondence—”
“This is absolutely breathtaking,” Sessions cut in. “It is a total disrespect to this body, who is in charge of giving you money to run your business. We should quit giving you money if you don't respond and you don't know basic things.”
Sessions, who who chairs the Senate's Subcommittee on Immigration and the National Interest, listed the letters they sent to the Department of Homeland Security, along with one sent directly to the president demanding to know how many refugees were convicted on criminal or terrorism charges in the U.S. “So do you think we're entitled to know this?” they asked.
“I will—of course you're entitled to answers to your questions. I will follow up, sir,” Rodríguez said.
“Well, to me, it indicates the determination to promote an agenda without listening to the American people, without listening to their elected representatives, and to downplay and to misrepresent, really, the danger that this program presents,” Sessions said. “And we're not having terrorists from a lot of areas, but some areas we're having terrorists that threaten this country in a whole lot of ways.”
Sessions added that they had sent the letters to Department of Homeland Security secretary Jeh Johnson, and would take it as an “absolute refusal” to respond to legitimate requests to Congress if no one in the department brought them to Johnson's or Rodríguez's attention.
Rodríguez also tried to clarify “our operations are fee-funded, not tax-funded. They're not funded by the taxpayers.”
“So you're not funded by the taxpayers. And so you don't have any responsibility to the taxpayers?” the Alabama senator asked.
“No, we have a responsibility to the taxpayers,” Rodríguez backtracked, “and the American people to do our job the right way. That's not the point I was making.”
“You don't get any fees that Congress hasn't authorized, isn't that true?” Sessions asked.
“That's certainly true,” Rodríguez admitted.
Sessions' office found in June that of the 580 people convicted of terrorism-related offenses between September 11, 2001, and December 31, 2014—which does not include the terrorist Muslims who carried the 9/11 attacks—380 were foreign-born, with 24 of those brought in as refugees.
Adding to the Department of Homeland Security's immigration scandals, an audit revealed over 1,811 aliens from terrorist countries under final deportation orders were granted U.S. citizenship—giving them the right to vote and gain security clearances—with the Obama administration shutting down the program that uncovered the rampant fraud.
Another Obama administration official refused to say how many Syrian refugees specifically the government plans to ship to American neighborhoods. The outgoing Obama administration wants to ship 110,000 refugees altogether to the U.S. in fiscal year 2017, which begins October 1.
HONG KONG (Reuters) - Sinopec's $7.2 billion bid for oil explorer Addax Petroleum AXC.TO is a sign that China's energy giants find it easier to secure reserves in parts of the world where there are fewer hang-ups about Beijing owning local natural resources.
An engineer walks past piles of oil tanks at a PetroChina's oil refinery in Lanzhou, Gansu province, April 21, 2008. REUTERS/Stringer
Africa and the Middle East, where Swiss-based Addax has its main assets, are more politically disposed to China than are developed nations such as the United States, where local politicians blocked CNOOC's (CEO.N) $18.5 billion bid for oil company Unocal in 2005, analysts say.
Earlier this month, Anglo-Australian miner Rio Tinto (RIO.AX)(RIO.L) rejected a $19.5 billion tie-up with China's state-owned Chinalco — a deal that had triggered political and shareholder opposition.
“At the end of the day, they may wonder whether it's a waste of time going after targets in the developed world,” said Macquarie analyst David Johnson.
“The chances of success are higher in Africa, South America and Kazakhstan than other parts of the world.”
Until now, political sensitivities in the West have limited China's outbound investments in resources largely to deals executed on the back of loan-for-oil tie-ups.
In the past half-year, China has lent more than $45 billion to Russia, Brazil, Venezuela and Kazakhstan in exchange for long-term crude supplies.
State-owned Sinopec Group, Asia's top oil refiner, knocked out rival Korea National Oil Co with an offer that is more than four times Addax's stock price in November, and which is China's biggest overseas takeover.
Addax AXC.L, based in Switzerland but operating in Africa and the Middle East, has been on the radar of Asia's acquisitive energy firms since February, when CNOOC (0883.HK) and India's Oil & Natural Gas Corp (ONGC.BO) were also touted as potential suitors.
The Addax deal will give Sinopec a strong foothold in oil-rich West Africa and Iraqi Kurdistan and a steady supply of oil for its refining operations.
“The listed company is in desperate need of upstream oil assets to feed its downstream business,” said Gordon Kwan, Hong Kong-based head of energy research at Mirae Asset Financial, referring to listed Sinopec Corp 0368.HK(600028.SS)(SNP.N).
“Without that, it would be at the mercy of China's fuel pricing policy.”
BIG SHAREHOLDER EYES EXIT
Sinopec's bid was also helped by the fact that Addax's CEO, Swiss citizen Jean Claude Gandur — one of Europe's richest men — is also its major shareholder with about 38 percent of the company, and was eager to cash out.
“It's not that often you have a major shareholder like this — that's the main reason why this one became available,” said a Hong Kong-based investment banker who has advised Chinese energy giants on outbound deals, but was not authorized to speak publicly about the matter.
Other Chinese energy firms are eyeing overseas assets in Africa and the Middle East, though future deals might not be as simple as Addax, especially if multiple shareholders disagree about the sale of the target company, bankers say.
CNOOC, China's top offshore oil and gas producer, has hired Goldman Sachs (GS.N) to advise it on a bid for a stake in Africa-focused oil and gas firm Kosmos Energy, in a deal that may be worth about $3 billion.
Sinopec's deal with Addax, if completed, should help meet the Chinese giant's need for quality upstream assets to feed its refining business, analysts say. At least 60 percent of Addax's shareholders must approve the deal.
Sinopec Group, parent of Sinopec Corp, may inject Addax's upstream assets in Nigeria, Gabon and Cameroon, as well as the Taq Taq field in the Kurdistan region of Iraq, into its listed unit by the year-end, analysts said.
Sinopec Group lost about $16.7 billion in its refining businesses last year, as soaring crude oil prices in the first half-year and low state-capped fuel prices squeezed margins.
Pancreatic cancer is arguably the worst cancer diagnosis anyone can receive. It has the highest death rate of any type of cancer at 94 percent. Neither radiation nor chemotherapy is effective against pancreatic tumors.
That makes the discovery of a promising new treatment that's nearly as simple as a home remedy, described today in the journal Cell, all the more amazing. The treatment is a souped-up version of vitamin D, delivered by injection.
Learn More About Pancreatic Cancer and How It's Diagnosed »
Pancreas Puts Tumors Into a 'Living Safe'
The science of pancreatic cancer lags behind that of other types of cancer, partly because the disease has only become common in recent years.
Looking at how the cancer works at the molecular level, researchers at the Salk Institute near San Diego, California, found that, in an effort to contain the cancer, the pancreas walls it off with dense, inflamed tissue.
Read More: 7 Surprising Benefits of vitamin D »
“The pancreas is building a safe around the tumor. It's reasonably successful for doing that for a while, but drugs cannot get to the tumor because it's being protected by this living safe,” said Ronald Evans, director of the Gene Expression Laboratory at the Salk Institute and the paper's senior author.
Evans and their colleagues wanted to figure out how to break into the safe. They discovered that the cells that make up the living safe, called stellate cells, had high levels of a particular vitamin D receptor. Introducing the vitamin could return them to their normal, more pliant state. But regular vitamin D supplements weren't up to the task: It took a powerful synthetic derivative to crack the safe.
Mice with pancreatic tumors that were treated with the modified vitamin D along with anti-cancer drugs lived 50 percent longer than those that got just the drugs.
“It's one of the reasons that this approach has come a little bit out of left field, because people had tried vitamin D, but they tried regular vitamin D and that simply does not have the power or the impact to get you where you want to go fast enough,” Evans said.
New Technique Is Already in Human Trials
Pancreatic cancer patients often experience vitamin D deficiencies. It's not clear why, but it appears that the cancer has learned to use the body's safe-building response against it. A healthy supply of vitamin D may help keep stellate cells in their normal state, which is less beneficial for the cancer.
It may also be that vitamin D deficiency is an early symptom of cancer. Evans and their colleagues found that pancreatic tumors appeared to “grind down” vitamin D because they recognize it as a threat.
But cancer can't keep up with the new synthetic version of vitamin D for long, giving doctors an opportunity to attack the tumor with drugs or radiation.
The results of the study were so promising that the modified vitamin D is already being given to human patients. University of Pennsylvania researchers began giving the vitamin D to pancreatic cancer patients in February. Because the trial is double blind, there's no way to know if the approach is working.
Evans credited the group Stand Up to Cancer, which has partnered with their team on the research, for the speed of the transition from the lab to the clinic.
Until recently, scientists thought stellate cells were unique to the liver. Evans and their colleagues also began by researching the liver. But then they found stellate cells in the pancreas and expanded their work. Now, they're exploring whether stellate cells might be in play when the liver, kidney, or even lungs respond to cancerous tumors.
Learn Why Only 5 Percent of American Adults with Cancer Take Part in Clinical Trials »
These cancers also surround themselves with a living tissue “safe.”
“We believe [stellate cells] are more widely found in other organs. If that's true, then this kind of therapy can expand,” Evans said.
On Thursday, Alabama's football players received their rings from the team's 2014 SEC Championship Game victory.
The Crimson Tide met the Missouri Tigers inside Atlanta's Georgia Dome for the SEC title game on Dec. 6, 2014. Alabama entered the championship contest as the No. 1-ranked team in the country, while Missouri was ranked No. 16 nationally.
Alabama jumped out to a 14-0 lead thanks to a one-yard touchdown run from T.J. Yeldon and a 58-yard touchdown heave from Blake Sims to DeAndrew White. Yeldon found the end zone once more before the half to give Alabama a 21-3 lead.
The second half belonged to Derrick Henry, who finished the game with 141 yards and two scores on 20 attempts. That helped the Crimson Tide defeat the Tigers by a lopsided score of 42-13 to claim the program's 24th SEC Championship.
And on Thursday, the Alabama players were rewarded for their victory with conference championship rings. Senior linebacker Reggie Ragland shared an up-close photo of the newest ring to their collection via Instagram on Thursday afternoon.
[div style=" background:#F8F8F8; line-height:0; margin-top:40px; padding:50% 0; text-align:center; width:100%;"] [div style=" background:url(data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAACwAAAAsCAMAAAApWqozAAAAGFBMVEUiIiI9PT0eHh4gIB4hIBkcHBwcHBwcHBydr+JQAAAACHRSTlMABA4YHyQsM5jtaMwAAADfSURBVDjL7ZVBEgMhCAQBAf//42xcNbpAqakcM0ftUmFAAIBE81IqBJdS3lS6zs3bIpB9WED3YYXFPmHRfT8sgyrCP1x8uEUxLMzNWElFOYCV6mHWWwMzdPEKHlhLw7NWJqkHc4uIZphavDzA2JPzUDsBZziNae2S6owH8xPmX8G7zzgKEOPUoYHvGz1TBCxMkd3kwNVbU0gKHkx+iZILf77IofhrY1nYFnB/lQPb79drWOyJVa/DAvg9B/rLB4cC+Nqgdz/TvBbBnr6GBReqn/nRmDgaQEej7WhonozjF+Y2I/fZou/qAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC); display:block; height:44px; margin:0 auto -44px; position:relative; top:-22px; width:44px;"] A photo posted by reggieragland (@reggieragland) on Jun 18, 2015 at 10:32am PDT
And here's another look at the ring from redshirt first-year student defensive lineman O.J. Smith, who tweeted a picture of it.
Not a VIP member? Get BamaOnLine for FREE until football season.
For more news on Alabama sports and recruiting, follow BamaOnLine on Twitter.
About 10 former French soldiers are fighting in jihadist ranks in Iraq and Syria, most of them with the Islamic State (IS) armed group, RFI has discovered. Defence Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian on Thursday confirmed the report, insisting that military intelligence is watching out for Islamist radicalism in the armed forces.
“There are former soldiers as there are former members of other professionals [in jihadist groups],” Le Drian told RTL radio on Thursday, but they refused to give further details because “the fight against terrorism requires a minimum of secrecy”.
Click for RFI reports of the Charlie Hebdo killings
“We have internal services in the French army that monitor very closely potential risks from certain elements,” Le Drian went on. “We know, we monitor and we act.”
This week RFI's David Thomson revealed that about 10 former French armed forces members, all in their 20s, are fighting alongside Islamist groups in Iraq and Syria, most of them with IS.
One of them is the commander of a group of French jihadists, whom they have trained using skills acquired in the French military, near the Syrian town of Deir Ezzor.
Some have served in the Foreign Legion, while others are former paratroopers.
One of the ex-paras served in the elite First Regiment, stationed at Bayonne in the south-west, and received specialised commando training, according to L'Opinion magazine.
Apart from the fact that the army provides specialised training in explosives and weaponry, the military may be concerned that a jihadist still in the military could attack their fellows, as happened at the US military base of Fort Hood in 2009.
Ivanka Trump attempted to educate the masses on Monday's solar eclipse. Instead, they got schooled by Twitter.
On Sunday morning, the president's daughter posted a tweet with a graphic image explaining the eclipse.
Wondering how it works? In a solar #eclipse, the moon passes between the sun & Earth & blocks all or part of the sun for up to about 3 hrs. pic.twitter.com/5LYiseMui0 — Ivanka Trump (@IvankaTrump) August 20, 2017
Naturally, Twitter used it as an excuse to throw some shade at Ivanka Trump and the administration of President Donald Trump.
That's longer than most White House employees last. — Brook Lundy (@brooklundy1) August 20, 2017
The only eclipse I'm worried about right now pic.twitter.com/3P4AiideAA — Devin Duke (@sirDukeDevin) August 20, 2017
Did u ever wonder what that bright thing is in the sky? It's called S-U-N. Learn more about THE SUN. The Sun is very hot! pic.twitter.com/W7eNsHI0TM — President Kalola🇺🇸 (@BROWNPOTUS) August 20, 2017
Some people thought Ivanka Trump was focusing on the wrong topic, considering the events of the past week.
Thanks Ivanka. But we don't need your help understanding the eclipse. Perhaps you should help your dad understand what nazis stand for. — Keith Victor (@keithrvictor) August 20, 2017
Thank you! Now teach you dad the difference between heel and heal. — Tony Posnanski (@tonyposnanski) August 20, 2017
Finally, one person hoped Ivanka Trump would educate the masses on another subject.
LOS ANGELES — Devils general manager Lou Lamoriello confirmed Wednesday that the team has signed Barrie (OHL) center Joseph Blandisi to a 3-year, entry-level contract.
It is a 2-way deal.
Blandisi, 20, was re-assigned to Barrie and will spend the rest of this season with their junior club rather than play in Albany (AHL).
"We could have but we never would," Lamoriello said of letting the forward play in the AHL. "He's staying in junior. We signed them and re-assigned them to Barrie."
A former draft pick of the Colorado Avalanche (6th round, 162nd overall in 2012), they were not signed by the Avs and became an unrestricted free agent.
In 39 games for the Colts this season, the 6-0, 192-pound Blandisi has 69 points (30 goals, 39 assists) with 68 penalty minutes.
Lamoriello called Blandisi a "two-way center iceman, a scorer."
Rich Chere may be reached at rchere@njadvancemedia.com. Follow them on Twitter @Ledger_NJDevils. Find NJ.com on Facebook.
ATHENS, Ga. -- Starting Georgia outside linebacker Cornelius Washington was arrested early Sunday near Commerce, Ga., and charged with speeding and driving under the influence.
Georgia coach Mark Richt said Sunday that Washington will sit out the Bulldogs' upcoming games against Tennessee and Vanderbilt following the arrest.
"He feels awful," Richt said. "He knows they let the team down, let their coaches down, let their family down, the Bulldog nation in general. They understand that there's going to be a price to be paid. He's going to take their punishment like a man and come back and finish strong for us. That's kind of their state of mind right now."
A Jackson County Jail spokesperson said Washington, 22, was booked and released on a $3,500 property bond following their arrest for suspicion of misdemeanor DUI and driving 92 mph in a 55-mph zone on U.S. Highway 441.
Commerce police stopped Washington's 2009 Dodge Journey at the corner of 441 and State Street and administered an Alco-Sensor test to Washington -- who told the officer they had consumed "a couple of shots several hours prior," according to the arrest report -- and a female passenger, who was asleep in the passenger seat.
Washington registered a 0.12 on the test -- exceeding the legal limit of 0.08 -- and failed a standard field sobriety test, according to the report. The female passenger blew a 0.176 and was booked for underage possession of alcohol.
Richt said university policy for a DUI requires that an athlete sit out 20 percent of the regular season, which in this case would be two games. A year ago, Richt dismissed first-year student linebacker Demetre Baker when they were booked on DUI charges on the night of the Bulldogs' loss to Mississippi State -- the result of a zero-tolerance policy that existed at the time after a spate of Bulldogs arrests.
"Team rules haven't changed, but it was a different climate a year ago, there's no doubt about that," Richt said.
Washington, a junior from Hephzibah, Ga., was coming off their best game as a Bulldog, as they made two sacks in Georgia's 24-10 win against Mississippi State on Saturday. Washington leads the team with 3½ sacks and eight quarterback hurries and also has 4½ tackles for loss.
Georgia could use Washington's pass rushing ability in the upcoming game against Tennessee, which ranks second in the SEC and 11th in the nation in passing offense, with 336.5 yards per game.
The Bulldogs registered only one sack in their first three games, but totaled nine in wins against Ole Miss and Mississippi State, with Washington leading the charge.
Richt said first-year student Ray Drew, one of the key signees in the Bulldogs' 2011 class of recruits, could figure more heavily into the defense's plans, but they were not yet sure who would take Washington's spot.
Chase Vasser actually started ahead of Washington two games ago against Mississippi, recording three tackles, one for negative yardage. Drew played against Mississippi State, but did not record a tackle one week after failing to play a down against Ole Miss.
"It'll be an opportunity for them certainly," Richt said of Drew. "He'll be part of the mix as far as our discussion. Anytime a starter goes out of the game, whether it's by suspension or by injury or whatever it was, it always tends to create more opportunity for guys.
"Will Ray be the sole beneficiary of that playing time or a part beneficiary of it? I don't know. That's what we've got to decide here (at a Sunday night staff meeting) and then some of it may even be decided as we practice, as far as performance goes in practice."
David Ching covers Georgia football for DawgNation.
The CtrCity-Platinum Triangle Line serves Anaheim's Angel Stadium of Anaheim, Honda Center, Anaheim Packing District, MAKE, Center Street Promenade and ARTIC. Look for this bus or a bright orange one. The free bus is outside Center Street Promenade's Good Food Hall on Sun., Nov. 12. (Photo by Cindy Yamanaka, Orange County Register/SCNG)
A new ART free shuttle, which was empty, runs daily between Anaheim's Platinum Triangle and CtrCity as seen through Center Street Promenade's Good Food Hall on Sun., Nov. 12. (Photo by Cindy Yamanaka, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Sound The gallery will resume in seconds
Robert Anaya, ART field supervisor, drives a free shuttle and waits for riders at Center Street Promenade's Good Food Hall on Sun., Nov. 12. (Photo by Cindy Yamanaka, Orange County Register/SCNG)
ART has recently launched a new free shuttle running daily between Anaheim's Platinum Triangle and CtrCity which started Oct. 30. The free bus waits outside Center Street Promenade's Good Food Hall on Sun., Nov. 12. (Photo by Cindy Yamanaka, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Center Street Promenade's Good Food Hall, pictured, along with Anaheim's Angel Stadium of Anaheim, Honda Center, Anaheim Packing District, MAKE and ARTIC are the ART bus stops. The service is free. Photographed on Sun., Nov. 12. (Photo by Cindy Yamanaka, Orange County Register/SCNG)
A new free shuttle was clean and empty. The service started two weeks ago and runs daily between Anaheim's Platinum Triangle and CtrCity. Photographed on Sun., Nov. 12. (Photo by Cindy Yamanaka, Orange County Register/SCNG)
ART has recently launched a new free shuttle running daily between Platinum Triangle and CtrCity which started Oct. 30. The free bus waits outside Center Street Promenade's Good Food Hall on Sun., Nov. 12. (Photo by Cindy Yamanaka, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Whether you live in Anaheim's Platinum Triangle or you ride the train into the ARTIC station to watch the Angels or the Ducks play, you can now hop a bus to places to shop, eat and drink – and it's free.
Run by Anaheim Resort Transportation, the CtrCity/Platinum Triangle shuttle route launched in late October. Stops include the ARTIC station, Center Street Promenade, Packing District and Olive Street.
The transit agency offers other routes that charge riders to get between Disneyland and area hotels, downtown Santa Ana, Buena Park and other spots. The new Platinum Triangle line is free in an effort to get people who live and work in the area to use it, ART spokesperson Justin Petruccelli said.
“Most of the people we serve are coming from out of town on vacation, but we're really working hard to encourage locals to use public transit” to get to and from jobs and entertainment venues, they said.
The agency is specifically eyeing young professionals in the Platinum Triangle, where “there are a lot of places to live, but there's not a ton to do,” Petruccelli said.
The shuttle also will eventually serve Leisuretown, a brewery and restaurant project planned to open in 2018.
“We're really, really excited about the new line,” said Devon Reeves, who represents the Packing District and businesses in the Center Street Promenade.
“We love our local audience. I think it's a great vessel to transport people and create better connectivity.”
The shuttle may also help alleviate potential parking issues with Leisuretown, which will have limited parking on site and will send employees and some patrons to nearby city-owned lots.
About the CtrCity/Platinum Triangle line
What: The free bus route is operated by Anaheim Resort Transportation
Where: It circulates between the ARTIC station and Center Street Promenade, with stops at the Packing District, the Colony and Olive Street.
When: The line runs from about 6:30 a.m. to 10 a.m. and 4 p.m. to 8:40 p.m. weekdays, and from 8:40 a.m. to 10 p.m. on weekends; check the website for the schedule
Information: 888-364-2787 or www.rideart.org/ctrcity/
Country singer Taylor Swift is set to usher in the New Year with millions of fans after agreeing to perform in New York City's Times Square just before the stroke of midnight.
“American Idol” host Ryan Seacrest made the big reveal after explaining that they will be taking over the reigns of the annual star-studded bash from beloved host Dick Clarke, who passed away in April, and will present the traditional show celebrating the famous ball drop on their own for the first time.
During an appearance on “Late Night With Jimmy Fallon” on Wednesday, they said, “This one is gonna be emotional. This is the first time in 40 plus years that we'll be in Times Square without Dick Clark as they passed away. And he's such a hero of mine and was a dear friend. So it will be special, celebratory, reflective, but certainly emotional.”
But Seacrest won't have to face the hoards of crowds alone – during the interview, they dropped less-than-cryptic clues all but confirming to viewers that the evening's performer would be Swift, who made chart history this week after their new album, “Red,” moved more than 1.2 million copies in its first week of release.
Responding to Fallon's pleas for clues about the headline artist, they said, “We haven't announced it yet, but wouldn't it be great if we could get, there's a female artist out there that's setting records in terms of what she's selling, recently. They love the color red. And if you're with her, you may never, ever, ever, be back together with them And they love a good break-up anthem.”
Swift will join a long list of celebrities who have previously performed on the Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve with Ryan Seacrest TV special – last year Lady Gaga, Justin Bieber, Nicki Minaj, Pitbull and LMFAO all staged shows to ring in 2012.
The 15-year-old feminist icon. (Picture: Instagram/falloutbooty99)
Who'd have thought a 15-year-old boy from Miami would be the face of one of the loveliest feminist movements on the internet at the moment?
Joss Garcia from Miami posted a snap of them holding two sanitary pads on Instagram in an attempt to urge their male classmates to carry a couple of tampons or pads around so they can help out if a female friend gets caught out by their period – and to make the point that we shouldn't be embarrassed to talk about menstruation.
*Cue every woman reading having a flashback to that one fateful time it happened to them…*
Jose – above. Sweet, isn't he?
The caption on Jose's photo reads: ‘TO EVERY BOY THAT FOLLOWS ME AND CALLS HIMSELF A MAN OR SIMPLY A GOOD HUMAN BEING. Petition for all of us to start bringing a couple of pads or tampons to school to help our girlfriends.
Advertisement
Advertisement
‘If you have a girlfriend or are friends with a girl, you should know that they do not always have tampons or pads on them, and that sometimes their period just hits them without notice and have a bit of a problem finding one.
‘We should support them with this, after all, we don't have to go through all they they do because of menstruation, so it's just logical that we help them. You should already know to give them your sweater and not question when they wrap it around their waist.
‘To every girl that follows me. You are completely welcome to ask me for a pad at any time without receiving a negative response or a dirty look. We should all help each other out like this so you don't have to thank me at all.'
Speaking of what inspired him, Jose told the Daily Dot that they wanted to remove the stigma around menstruation.
‘I believe that asking for a pad or a tampon shouldn't be such a taboo thing to boys,' they said. ‘It's a natural thing that happens to women.'
Jose's now famous Instagram post, with over 18,000 likes, finished with the hashtag #realmensupportwomen, which has already been tweeted hundreds of times.
#realmensupportwomen Bless the guy's soul that came up with that.🙌🙌 — Allison Damuth (@allison_damuth) April 29, 2015
#realmensupportwomen is my new favourite thing — the coolest (@alexratsgarth) April 24, 2015
Where can I find w guy like this? #realmensupportwomen https://t.co/Rp9BlVPPJD — Julia Rose ✨ (@xoxo_juls_xoxo) April 23, 2015
Of course, with every ounce of internet success comes a tonne of hate, and Jose has received their fair share.
Advertisement
Advertisement
They spoke out against the haters in the best way possible, posting a photo with the caption: ‘My only regret is not checking my grammar'
Advertisement Advertisement
What's a Ghostbusters movie without Bill Murray? Not a Ghostbusters I want to see, that's for sure. Bill Murray, who's great friends with Dan Aykroyd, has repeatedly said that the script just isn't there for Ghostbusters 3. As someone who's said repeatedly that they aren't even happy with how Ghostbusters 2 turned out, there's no way he'll ever do a Ghostbusters 3 unless it has an amazing script. From their June 2012 interview on David Letterman, you could tell that they know how much people want this movie to happen, and I think they want to do it, but only if the script is really funny.
Well it looks like Dan Aykroyd has heard Bill Murray loud and clear. After rumors that Murray's character of Peter Venkman either would be killed off and become a ghost, or they would recast or not have Venkman, it looks like a new team of writers will be tackling the Ghostbusters 3 script. Gone are Lee Eisenberg and Gene Stupnitsky — who wrote for The Office, Year One, and Bad Teacher. Those two movies didn't come anywhere close to living up to expectations.
At a recent event, Dan Aykroyd said this regarding Ghostbusters 3:
We've got a new writing staff working on it now. It's got to be perfect. That's the whole thing. There's no point in doing it unless it's perfect. So that's what we're up to now.
Pretty much sounds like what Murray has been saying this whole time. Aykroyd didn't give details about whom the new writing team consists of or whether the whole script need rewriting, but at least they're still trying to make this happen — and hopefully with Murray as Venkman.
[Source: Collider]
You can follow Movies and Culture Editor Lance Liebl on Twitter @Lance_GZ
Plot summary Edit
Illustration of Prince Prospero confronting the "Red Death" by Arthur Rackham , 1935 The story takes place at the castellated abbey of the "happy and dauntless and sagacious" Prince Prospero. Prospero and 1,000 other nobles have taken refuge in this walled abbey to escape the Red Death, a terrible plague with gruesome symptoms that has swept over the land. Victims are overcome by "sharp pains", "sudden dizziness", and "profuse bleeding at the pores", and die within half an hour. Prospero and their court are indifferent to the sufferings of the population at large; they intend to await the end of the plague in luxury and safety behind the walls of their secure refuge, having welded the doors shut. Prospero holds a masquerade ball one night to entertain their guests in seven colored rooms of the abbey. Each of the first six rooms is decorated and illuminated in a specific color: blue, purple, green, orange, white, and violet. The last room is decorated in black and is illuminated by a scarlet light, "a deep blood color" cast from its stained glass windows. Because of this chilling pairing of colors, very few guests are brave enough to venture into the seventh room. A large ebony clock stands in this room and ominously chimes each hour, upon which everyone stops talking or dancing and the orchestra stops playing. Once the chiming stops, everyone immediately resumes the masquerade. At the chiming of midnight, the revelers and Prospero notice a figure in a dark, blood-splattered robe resembling a funeral shroud. The figure's mask resembles the rigid face of a corpse and exhibits the traits of the Red Death. Gravely insulted, Prospero demands to know the identity of the mysterious guest so they can hang him. The guests, too afraid to approach the figure, instead let them pass through the six chambers. The Prince pursues them with a drawn dagger and corners the guest in the seventh room. When the figure turns to face him, the Prince lets out a sharp cry and falls dead. The enraged and terrified revelers surge into the black room and forcibly remove the mask and robe, only to find to their horror that there is nothing underneath. Only then do they realize the figure is the Red Death itself, and all of the guests contract and succumb to the disease. The final line of the story sums up, "And Darkness and Decay and the Red Death held illimitable dominion over all".
Analysis Edit
Publication history Edit
Poe first published the story in the May 1842 edition of Graham's Lady's and Gentleman's Magazine as "The Mask of the Red Death", with the tagline "A Fantasy". This first publication earned them $12.[16] A revised version was published in the July 19, 1845 edition of the Broadway Journal under the now-standard title "The Masque of the Red Death."[17] The original title emphasized the figure at the end of the story; the new title puts emphasis on the masquerade ball.[18]
Adaptations Edit
In popular culture Edit
See also Edit
Borrowers with poor and average credit have fewer options than customers with stellar scores, whether buying a car, planning home improvement, or going on vacation. The good news is that there are things to do to obtain a car loan and finance the purchase of a vehicle. If you are a new immigrant, recent graduate with no credit exposure, or plan to purchase a new car, then what you can do is boost your credit, make a bigger down payment, and get preapproved.
Improve Your Credit
If you can wait for a couple of months, then you may want to boost your score to prove that you are a low-risk borrower (for tips visit: https://www.creditavenue.ca). What you can do is dispute errors on your report, pay off accounts that are past due, get a secured card (for tips visit: https://www.creditavenue.ca/canadas-top-ten-secured-credit-cards/) and make regular payments, etc. This way you will increase your chances of getting a car loan with a low rate and better terms. Make sure you make timely payments, whether it is utility bills, credit cards, or other outstanding balances and accounts (for tips visit: https://www.creditavenue.ca/canadian-guide-to-credit-cards-for-bad-credit/).
Down Payment
Making a bigger down payment is one way to improve your chances of approval and qualify for a better rate. What is more, you may qualify for a larger loan if you make a bigger down payment.
Check Rates and Contact Different Lenders
It is a good idea to check loan terms and rates in advance. Obviously, if you have stellar credit, financial institutions will be willing to offer low or below the average rates. The rate will be higher if you have poor credit but avoid lenders that offer rates that are double or triple the average.
You may want to check with different loan providers as well, including finance companies, car dealerships, financial services groups, unions, banks, peer to peer lenders, and so on.
Old vs. New Vehicle
Whether you plan to buy a new or old vehicle is also an important factor for financial institutions. Older or used vehicles cost less but loan providers usually offer higher interest rates compared to new ones. On the other hand, if you have an emergency fund and find a cheap vehicle, you can use cash.
Term and Loan Period
According to financial experts, it is better to apply for an auto loan with a shorter term. The reason is that the rate is usually lower, despite the fact that monthly payments are higher. Thus a 3-year loan is often a better deal than a 7-year loan.
Borrowing with a Cosigner
This is yet another option to look into if you have tarnished credit and find it difficult to save enough for a bigger down payment. Ask a close friend or family member to cosign for you to obtain a reasonable rate. The same goes for borrowers with a part-time job, seasonal or variable income, low income, and high debt to income ratio. Make sure you choose a cosigner with a high income and very good or spotless credit to get a low-cost loan. Obviously, the cosigner will be responsible for loan payments, and it is important to pay off your balance in a timely manner. The good news is that adding a cosigner can help improve your score.
Other Factors to Consider
Unions, banks, and other loan providers take other factors into account, including length of work history, work history (types of jobs you worked), type of loan, personal and household income, location, and others. Whether you are a new immigrant, have a part-time job, are retired, etc. are other factors bank take into account.
I'm a big fan of finding and creating healthy snacks so have been working on this recipe lately to make it as tasty as possible without any added sugar. I'm finally really happy with my crunchy peanut energy balls and can't wait to share the recipe with you.
Makes 6 medium sized balls
Subscribe now! No spam guarantees. I agree to have my personal information transfered to MailChimp ( I agree to have my personal information transfered to MailChimp ( more information
Ingredients:
30g cashew nuts
15g sunflower seeds
4 pitted dates (total of approx. 30g in weight)
1 tbsp coconut oil
45g organic peanut butter (I used crunchy to give the balls some nutty chunks)
5g cacao powder
15g cacao nibs – optional
Method:
Place the coconut oil and peanut butter in a bowl in the microwave for 35 seconds to melt together, then stir
Put the cashew nuts, sunflower seeds and dates in a food processor/blender and blend until they form a crumb mix
Add the crumb mix to the peanut butter and coconut oil
Then add the cacao powder and mix together with a wooden spoon
Once the ingredients form a large dough-like consistency, shape into balls with your hands
If you want added crunch, roll the balls in the cacao nibs
Then place in the fridge – you can eat them straight away but they taste better after being in the fridge for at least 1 hour
Enjoy!
Macros (per ball when making 6 without cacao nibs):
Carbs – 4g
Fat – 8g
Protein – 4g
Please follow my blog:
Follow
Follow @fitglutenfree
Police in Grenada says they have mounted an island-wide search for 36-year-old Linnea Moore Veinotte, who they believe was taken while they were out for a run Sunday morning.
Veinotte, a mother of two young sons, aged five and six, was born in New Denmark, N.B.
I parents, Rev. Doug Moore and their wife Karen, live in Fredericton. Moore is the pastor at St. Matthew's Lutheran church.
Moore says their daughter, who did a postdoctoral fellowship in microbiology at Dalhousie University, was working at St. George's University in Grenada's capital of St. George in the student learning centre.
They said they and their husband Matt, and their children had just returned to Grenada earlier in the fall, after having been back to Lunenburg, Nova Scotia for a year where they had been living.
Moore said their wife, Karen, is on their way to Grenada. They said they have no new information on their daughter's situation at this point, except to say that the dog, Nico, that was with their daughter was found seriously injured and subsequently died.
Police release statement
A statement released by the Royal Grenadian Police Force Monday said "it appears that both they and Nico were struck by a vehicle. Nico was left on the side of the road and Linnea was taken."
The statement went on to say there would be "damage to the front, right side of the vehicle. The driver is thought to have also incurred a flat tire in the incident and would have had to change it somewhere nearby."
Matt Veinotte, speaking with CBC News, said police and university security officials are helping in the search for their wife.
A call to SGU's security contact, Steven Babiak, was not returned.
A 'Find Linnea Veinotte' Facebook page has been established.
On that page, a message attributed to Matt Veinotte says their wife may have been hit by a car and that they are offering a $100,000 EC ($50,000 Cdn) reward for information on them whereabouts.
Harvie Krumpet is a 2003 Australian clay animation comedy-drama short film written, directed and animated by Adam Elliot, and narrated by Geoffrey Rush. It tells the life story of Harvie Krumpet, a Polish-Australian man whose life is plagued by bad luck but who nevertheless remains optimistic.
The film was funded by SBS Independent, the Australian Film Commission and Film Victoria, and it was filmed and animated by Adam Elliot and two assistants over 15 months in 2001–2003, using models made of plasticine and other materials. The production was completed in May 2003 and Harvie Krumpet premiered a month later at the Annecy International Animated Film Festival, followed by over 100 subsequent film festival screenings. It won many accolades, including the Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film in 2004.
Plot [ edit ]
The story revolves around the life of Harvek Milos Krumpetzki, born in Poland in 1922. As a child, they begin to collect pieces of information they call "fakts", which are presented throughout the film. At the outbreak of World War II, shortly after their parents' death in a house fire, they migrate to Australia as a refugee, settling in Spotswood, Victoria, and changing their name to Harvie Krumpet.
Despite a life filled with bad luck—having Tourette syndrome, being struck by lightning, and losing one of their testicles to cancer—Harvie remains optimistic, living out their own eccentric way of life. In one of the pivotal episodes of their life, Harvie sits in the park next to a statue of Horace while they hear the instructional Carpe diem, which inspires them to make many changes in their life, such as embracing nudism and embarking on daring rescue missions for animal rights. They marry Val, a nurse they meet in hospital, and they adopt a daughter, Ruby, who has deformed limbs due to the effects of thalidomide.
After Ruby moves to America and Val dies of a stroke, Harvie develops Alzheimer's disease and is placed in a nursing home. Although they briefly consider suicide, they decide to continue living their life to the fullest. The final "fakt" presented reads: "Life is like a cigarette. Smoke it to the butt."
Voice cast [ edit ]
John Flaus as Harvie Krumpet
Geoffrey Rush as the Narrator. The filmmakers approached Rush with copies of Elliot's three previous short films to ask them to be involved in Harvie Krumpet . [1] Rush recorded the narration at the beginning of production on the film, so that their dialogue could be used to guide the animators in determining the length of each shot. [2] : 5 When the animation was complete, however, Elliot found that "when we put their voice to the images, their voice came out a bit too cold", so Rush re-recorded their lines with a "more colourful, emotive performance". [3] : 135
. Rush recorded the narration at the beginning of production on the film, so that their dialogue could be used to guide the animators in determining the length of each shot. When the animation was complete, however, Elliot found that "when we put their voice to the images, their voice came out a bit too cold", so Rush re-recorded their lines with a "more colourful, emotive performance". Julie Forsyth as Lilliana Krumpetzki. Forsyth, along with the Elwood Primary School choir, also provided vocals for the song "God Is Better than Football", composed by Keith Binns. [4] : 85
Kamahl as the Statue of Horace
Production [ edit ]
Adam Elliot conceived the idea behind Harvie Krumpet over a ten-year period, and wrote fourteen drafts of the script over three months.[5] They also created a 300-panel storyboard to visualise the film before the animation began.[2]:5 They described Harvie's character as "an amalgamation of many people I know", in addition to being partly autobiographical.[5] Elliot's development of the plot began with small character details with which they could "work backwards and then find a rhythm to the piece".[3]:136 Harvie Krumpet marked the first time that Elliot worked with a producer, Melanie Coombs.[5] Financing for the film's A$377,000 production budget was split between three production companies: SBS Independent, the Australian Film Commission and Film Victoria.[1]
Harvie Krumpet was filmed in Melbourne over 15 months between October 2001 and January 2003.[6] The film was shot in sequence in three-month blocks, interspersed with three-month blocks of building sets and models. Production began in Elliott's garage and subsequently took place in three separate studios, moving three times in order to accommodate the growing size of the sets.[3]:134 It was shot on Super 16 mm film using a Bolex camera.[2]:5 Each individual frame was animated, meaning that an average of 3–5 seconds' worth of film was produced in each full day of filming.[3]:134–135
The film was produced by clay animation using character models each about the size of a wine bottle.[2]:7 The models were first constructed using plasticine before pouring Carbog, a solid material used by mechanics, into moulds to form the bodies. They were then painted to appear like plasticine, and real plasticine around wire was used for the arms. Elliot said they chose to use Carbog since models made from just plasticine would require more maintenance.[3]:134 Some characters had replaceable mouths made of hardened Sculpey clay that were attached magnetically to the faces to reflect different facial expressions; Harvie's model had more than 30 separate mouth shapes.[1] The design of the models was influenced by Elliot's tremor, since they needed them to be relatively large and easy to manipulate.[2]:7 They made the models' eyes particularly large "to fully express the character's emotion".[1] They intentionally left fingerprints in the plasticine when manipulating the models to remind the audience that "what they're seeing is tangible, tactile and it's not generated through a computer".[3]:134 They were assisted by Sophie Raymond and Michael Bazeley in constructing and modelling the characters.[7] The sets were largely constructed from wood.[2]:7
Harvie Krumpet was edited by Bill Murphy for eight days spread over several weeks. The original cut of 45–50 minutes of footage was reduced to a final cut of less than 23 minutes.[3]:134–135 Over 2000 sound clips were added during the sound design process and the film was converted to 35 mm film in May 2003.[2]:5
Release and reception [ edit ]
Harvie Krumpet premiered at the Annecy International Animated Film Festival in June 2003, where it won three of the festival's four major prizes, the Prix FIPRESCI, Prix du public and Prix special du jury. Its Australian premiere was at the 2003 Melbourne International Film Festival, where it won the Best Australian Short Award.[2]:10[8] During 2003–2004, the film was screened at over 100 film festivals around the world, winning 40 awards.[2]:10–11 At the 76th Academy Awards, the film was awarded Best Animated Short Film, and in Australia it won the Best Short Animation prize at the 45th Australian Film Institute Awards and the Best Animation prize at the 2004 Inside Film Awards.[9][10]
Rob Mackie awarded Harvie Krumpet 4 out of 5 stars in a review for The Guardian, describing it as "both fondly evocative and uproariously funny".[11] The Sydney Morning Herald critic Sacha Molitorisz summarised the film as "hilarious, moving and wonderful", "a melancholy short that doesn't put a foot wrong". They praised Elliot's "meticulous attention to detail and love for their characters" as well as Rush's narration.[12]
See also [ edit ]
A new PLOS Biology study investigated whether teaching genetics before evolution improved understanding of evolution in U.K. schools. To learn more, I interviewed the corresponding author, Laurence Hurst, professor of evolutionary genetics and director of the Milner Centre for Evolution at the University of Bath.
What sparked your interest in studying how evolution is taught in U.K. secondary schools?
LH: When I go into schools to speak about evolution I am always encouraged by the strong appetite and interest in the subject amongst the students. However, I repeatedly see a few issues. One is that evolution is being taught as a separate module and perhaps made to look rather distinct from all other subjects. Connections were often not being made. The second was that there appeared to be quite a few misconceptions. Many of these are easy to see: the language of evolution can be confusing, as we tend to use familiar terms in unfamiliar ways. I remember when I was young being confused by “survival of the fittest.” Was this an encouragement to go to the gym?…So this stimulated me to ask whether there were some simple changes that could be made that could improve understanding of evolution but not at a cost to the students' understanding of other subjects.
You hypothesized that teaching genetics before evolution would improve student understanding of evolution. What was your rationale for this hypothesis? Why do you think that evolution might be taught before genetics in some classrooms?
LH: To answer the second question first, this relates to what I mentioned above. There appears to be a tendency to consider evolution as a separate and distinct subject and so teach it in isolation. In some cases we found teachers rather marginalize it, teach it last and prefer not to give it much attention. This seemed very odd to me. To my mind microevolution is simply a branch of genetics. If you understand DNA, you can understand mutation and the concept of the allele. It is then a very small leap to understanding that alleles change frequency and, bingo, you have arrived into population and evolutionary genetics. This logical order is also there in “On the Origin of Species” although Darwin, naturally, was rather fuzzy on the genetics. In addition, there had been a news piece in Science that mentioned in passing that understanding of evolution was correlated with understanding of genetics. Naturally there could be many explanations for this, but it laid a seed of curiosity in my head.
Aside from the logical ordering, another possible advantage of the genetics-first approach is a reduction in what the psychologists call cognitive dissonance, the idea that, in the clash of beliefs and ideas, understanding is the first victim. That short leap from allele to allele frequency change allows much of the groundwork for understanding evolutionary change to be done under the banner of uncontroversial genetics. When students then switch to evolution – which many told us they were anxious about studying – the effective degree of clash of ideas could be reduced.
Why do you think there is a weak correlation between understanding and acceptance of evolution? What were some of the factors that you found might increase a student's acceptance of evolution?
LH: We were very struck by this result. Indeed, in our pilot survey the correlation between evolution acceptance and understanding was negative! In our experimental data set the correlation is positive but weak, both before and after teaching. Indeed, genetics understanding is a much better predictor of acceptance of evolution. In short, we found students who understood evolution very well but didn't accept it and others who accepted it but didn't understand it all that well. The qualitative data repeatedly pointed to a role for authority figures with both tacit approval by teachers and parents being important. But external figures, be these TV personalities such as David Attenborough and religious figures, were also important to some. Indeed, in one school the teacher reassured the class that the pope approved of evolution and students told us what a relief this was. For some schools, a simple word like that might help.
What struck us most, however, was that while many students accepted the scientific view of evolution (over 80 percent after teaching), few could provide the evidence when quizzed in focus groups. We wonder if the act of teaching the subject in a scientific context by trusted people who provide tacit approval (i.e., teachers), is actually more important than understanding per se. In the primary school context, a study we are currently in the middle of, our analysis to date suggests that teacher acceptance of evolution is the only class-level predictor of student improvement in understanding. This fits with the notion of tacit approval/disapproval from the teacher as being a key parameter. This is a worry for countries were many teachers reject the scientific view of evolution.
Were you surprised by anything in this study?
LH: We were surprised by how clear, strong and repeatable the results were. For example, analysis at the class level (rather than at the student level) finds that genetics-first is best despite the limited sample size (70-plus classes). The genetics-first approach works both for high- and foundation-ability students. Indeed, for the foundation-ability students, genetics-first was the only teaching order that resulted in an increased understanding of evolution. This was something we didn't expect. That for the foundation students teaching evolution then genetics leads to no improvement in evolution understanding is concerning if schools don't now adopt the genetics-first approach.
Were there any limitations to your study?
LH: Work like this is difficult on this sort of scale…Getting schools involved is so difficult given the pressures on their time. But a consequence of this is that the sample of schools may well be biased towards more ambitious and energetic ones. We also found problems in fully implementing the randomization. Some schools needed to order in supplies to teach one or other subject and so while chosen to teach in a given order couldn't do so. Likewise, there were a few cases where a class had been selected to teach in a given order but taught in the reverse order. We thus faced problems that don't normally face medical randomized control trials. Conversely, as the material had to be taught regardless, we didn't have the more common problem of biased dropout.
How might we modify current curriculum to improve understanding of evolution, if at all?
LH: Simple: teach genetics first! The effect seems to be so robust, it is a cost free intervention and minimally disruptive. The magnitude of the effect, a 5 to 10 percent improvement for genetics first above evolution first, is for schools a big difference. It is what the Americans might call a “no brainer.”
I am however interested in whether an explicit lesson bridging genetics and evolution making the link really explicit might help. Becky has developed such a lesson plan but we need to do more preliminary work to see if teachers would be willing to incorporate this. I should add that in our trial we asked teachers to teach what they need to teach for the syllabus for their particular exam board – so we didn't change any lessons, just the ordering.
I'd suggest two other possible changes. It seems clear that while concepts of evolution are going in well, the evidence for evolution is not. I could imagine many ways to correct this. The other change I'd love to test is whether teaching evolution by stealth improves acceptance (i.e., call it population genetics upfront and only later mention that population genetics is evolution). If acceptance is conditioned by approval from authority alone then this change should make no difference to acceptance but could improve understanding by removing any cognitive dissonance components. If, however, understanding of evolution could precede any cognitive dissonance, it might improve acceptance as well.
Reference: Mead R, Hejmadi M, Hurst LD (2017) Teaching genetics prior to teaching evolution improves evolution understanding but not acceptance. PLoS Biol 15(5): e2002255. https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.2002255
Image Credit: Caroline Davis 2010, Flickr; Imogen Hurst.
Yakuza Creator To Host Sega Live Stream With Persona Director Katsura Hashino On July 25
By Sato . July 18, 2017 . 3:45am
Two creators of major franchises will meet again when general director and creator of the Yakuza series, Toshihiro Nagoshi, hosts the next Sega Nama stream with Persona series director Katsura Hashino on July 25, 2017.
The broadcast is part of the ongoing series where Nagoshi invites other creators to talk about different things in variety program fashion. This time they'll be talking about their respective series in Yakuza and Persona.
It should be pretty interesting to see what Nagoshi thinks of Persona and some of the inspirations they took from it, as well what Persona's own series director and producer has to say about the Yakuza series.
The live stream will be held on July 25 at 8:55pm JST.
Story highlights FBI director reiterates investigation found no terror ties to Tamerlan Tsarnaev
Source: Dzhokhar Tsarnaev left a message in boat where they were found hiding
They wrote that the Boston Marathon bombing victims were collateral damage
Dzhokhar also said they expected to join their brother in death
Boston Marathon bombing victims were collateral damage in a strike meant as payback for U.S. wars in Muslim lands, the surviving suspect wrote in a message scribbled on the boat where they were found hiding, a law enforcement source told CNN Thursday.
In the message, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev also proclaimed that an attack on one Muslim is an attack on all, and said they would not miss older brother Tamerlan Tsarnaev -- who died after a firefight with police three days after the bombing -- because they would soon be joining him, according to the source.
The writing on the inside of the boat dovetails with what Dzhokhar, 19, told investigators questioning them in a Boston hospital room shortly after their capture, the source said.
CNN has previously cited U.S. officials in reporting that Dzhokhar said U.S. involvement in Afghanistan and Iraq were motivating factors behind the April 15 attack, which killed three people and wounded 275.
JUST WATCHED Source: Tsarnaev wrote note while hiding Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Source: Tsarnaev wrote note while hiding 02:17
JUST WATCHED Report: Boston suspect met with Chechen Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Report: Boston suspect met with Chechen 02:52
JUST WATCHED Amputee: I'm closer to dancing again Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Amputee: I'm closer to dancing again 03:20
JUST WATCHED Healing one month after Boston bombings Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Healing one month after Boston bombings 03:25
According to authorities, the Tsarnaev brothers fashioned explosive devices from pressure cookers and other materials and detonated them near the finish line of the race.
Three days later, authorities released their images to the public as suspects in the case. Investigators believe they then killed MIT police Officer Sean Collier and hijacked a car before battling authorities in a wild firefight on a Watertown, Massachusetts, street.
Nearly 24 hours later, police found Dzhokhar hiding in the boat after the owner called police to report someone was inside of it.
Dzhokhar -- who suffered gunshot wounds to the head, neck, legs and hands -- is being held a federal Bureau of Prisons medical facility in Devens, Massachusetts. They have been charged with using a weapon of mass destruction and could face the death penalty if convicted.
Tamerlan was secretly buried in a rural Virginia cemetery this month following protests from Massachusetts residents and officials against burying them in that state.
Authorities have said they believe the brothers acted alone, but are investigating whether they could have learned from or been aided by terror groups, including groups overseas.
Of particular interest has been Tamerlan's 2012 trip to the semi-autonomous Russian republic of Dagestan, home to numerous Islamic militant groups that have warred against Moscow's rule.
Russian authorities asked U.S. officials to investigate Tamerlan before the trip, saying they believed they were becoming increasingly involved with radical Islam. The FBI investigated, but found no evidence of extremist activity, FBI Director Robert Mueller reiterated Thursday during a Senate Appropriations Committee hearing.
Mueller said Russian authorities told the FBI that Tamerlan and their mother appeared to be "very religious" and that Tamerlan seemed "intent on returning and perhaps participating in jihad, in Russia."
The FBI conducted a thorough investigation and found "no ties to terrorism," Mueller said.
U.S. officials learned after the bombings that Russian officials had intercepted a 2011 phone call between the suspect's mother, living in Dagestan, and one of their sons, in which they reportedly had a vague conversation about jihad, a law enforcement official told CNN earlier.
Some lawmakers, particularly Republicans, have been critical of how law enforcement, intelligence agencies and the administration of President Barack Obama handled the Russian tip.
While Tamerlan and their mother were added to a terror database following the FBI investigation, Tamerlan was allowed to make their Russian trip in 2012, returning six months later.
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
British actor Tilda Swinton has donated over £1000 to the funeral of Russian gay rights activist Alexey Davydov, who died last week aged 36.
The actor, who previously supported gay rights in Russia by flying a rainbow flag in front of St Basil's Cathedral in Moscow, sent the donation after an online donation bid was launched to cover the £1,247 cost of the funeral.
Nikolai Alekseyev, another prominent gay rights activist, confirmed they had received the donation from Swinton, and that the funeral's expenses have now been surpassed.
On Twitter, they posted a message showing their gratitude:
BRAVO and HUGE THANKS to British actor Tilda Swinton for the donation to cover the funerals of our friend and activist Alexey Davydov. — Nikolai Alexeyev (@n_alexeyev) September 28, 2013
They added: “Thanks to all who took part in this generous civil act. The funerals of Alexey are tomorrow starting at 11 am Moscow time.
“Alexey was a hero and now they will have a fitting funeral. I am pleased we were able to help in our small way but all the credit belongs to the generous donors and Alexey's brave activist friends.”
The funeral of Mr Davydov, who died last week age 36 following a prolonged illness, will be held on Monday.
Swinton posed in front of St Basil's Cathedral with their rainbow flag in July, issuing a statement: “In solidarity. From Russia with love.”
The protest came as a response to the legislation of anti-gay laws in Russia.
President Vladimir Putin signed the law in June banning the promotion of “non-traditional relationships” toward minors, a move that has been criticised as part of a broader crackdown on Russia's gay community.
EDMONTON — Liberal Leader Justin Trudeau is coming under fire from the group representing small businesses in the country for saying the wealthiest Canadians were using small business tax rates to reduce their own tax bills.
Trudeau, however, isn't backing down from the comments that have angered and perplexed many small business owners who, just this week were told the Liberals backed a plan to reduce their tax rate — an issue that could sway how they vote in this election.
“As the largest small business group in Canada, we see no evidence that the small business rate is being used by so-called wealthier Canadians to save on their taxes,” said Dan Kelly, president of the Canadian Federation of Independent Business.
The federal parties have courted the small business vote, promising to reduce their tax rate to nine per cent from 11 per cent. Small business groups have long advocated for the move after watching the federal Conservatives cut corporate tax rates over the past 10 years.
Trudeau said their party would follow through on that promise if elected Oct. 19, but confused business owners with comments in an interview with the CBC, which aired Tuesday night, that seemed to suggest many were using the reduced tax rate to avoid paying their fair share of taxes.
Trudeau seemingly doubled-down on the comments when pressed about them in Edmonton on Wednesday, saying that several studies have shown that more than half of small business owners are “high net worth individuals who incorporate…to avoid paying as high taxes as they otherwise would.”
In that group are doctors and lawyers, groups that may find themselves squeezed by the policy Trudeau loosely outlined this week.
“We want to focus on helping small business owners who are working hard, who are creating jobs for members of their community and serving their community,” Trudeau said. “We are committed to evidence-based policies and I will make no apologies for that.”
Kelly said their organization's data suggest four-fifths of Canadian incorporated employers earn less than $100,000 per year, and almost half earn less than $50,000.
“When you include the self-employed, incomes are even more modest. Most teachers make more,” they said.
When you include the self-employed, incomes are even more modest. Most teachers make more
The comments drew the ire of Trudeau's political opponents as Conservative Leader Stephen Harper chided Trudeau for believing that a large percentage of small businesses were “tax scams,” while the NDP called on Trudeau to apologize for their comments, arguing they were smearing small business owners as being tax cheats.
The issue is likely to continue to dog Trudeau on Thursday as they campaign in Vancouver, but Trudeau didn't seem concerned that their political foes would use their comments to chip away at their rising poll numbers.
“One of the things I have been consistent in throughout my tenure as leader is an approach that actually doesn't worry too much about how my opponents might choose to attack me on a given statement,” Trudeau said.
Dreaming up nanostructures that have desirable optical, electronic, or magnetic properties is one thing. Figuring out how to make them is another. A new strategy uses the binding properties of complementary strands of DNA to attach nanoparticles to each other and builds up a layered thin-film nanostructure through a series of controlled steps. Investigation at the U.S. Department of Energy Office of Science's Advanced Photon Source has revealed the precise form that the structures adopted, and points to ways of exercising still greater control over the final arrangement.
The idea of using DNA to hold nanoparticles was devised more than 15 years ago by Chad Mirkin and their research team at Northwestern Univ. They attached short lengths of single-stranded DNA with a given sequence to some nanoparticles, and then attached DNA with the complementary sequence to others. When the particles were allowed to mix, the "sticky ends" of the DNA hooked up with each other, allowing for reversible aggregation and disaggregation depending on the hybridization properties of the DNA linkers.
Recently, this DNA "smart glue" has been utilized to assemble nanoparticles into ordered arrangements resembling atomic crystal lattices, but on a larger scale. To date, nanoparticle superlattices have been synthesized in well over 100 crystal forms, including some that have never been observed in nature.
However, these superlattices are typically polycrystalline, and the size, number, and orientation of the crystals within them is generally unpredictable. To be useful as metamaterials, photonic crystals, and the like, single superlattices with consistent size and fixed orientation are needed.
Northwestern researchers and a colleague at Argonne National Laboratory have devised a variation on the DNA-linking procedure that allows a greater degree of control.
The basic elements of the superlattice were gold nanoparticles, each 10 nm across. These particles were made in two distinct varieties, one adorned with approximately 60 DNA strands of a certain sequence, while the other carried the complementary sequence.
The researchers built up thin-film superlattices on a silicon substrate that was also coated with DNA strands. In one set of experiments, the substrate DNA was all one sequence—call it the "B" sequence—and it was first dipped into a suspension of nanoparticles with the complementary "A" sequence.
When the A and B ends connected, the nanoparticles formed a single layer on the substrate. Then the process was repeated with a suspension of the B-type nanoparticles, to form a second layer. The whole cycle was repeated, as many as four more times, to create a multilayer nanoparticle superlattice in the form of a thin film.
Grazing incidence small-angle x-ray scattering (GISAXS) studies carried out at the X-ray Science Division 12-ID-B beamline at the Argonne Advanced Photon Source revealed the symmetry and orientation of the superlattices as they formed. Even after just three half-cycles, the team found that the nanoparticles had arranged themselves into a well-defined, body-centered cubic (bcc) structure, which was maintained as more layers were added.
In a second series of experiments, the researchers seeded the substrate with a mix of both the A and B types of DNA strand. Successive exposure to the two nanoparticle types produced the same bcc superlattice, but with a different vertical orientation. That is, in the first case, the substrate lay on a plane through the lattice containing only one type of nanoparticle, while in the second case, the plane contained an alternating pattern of both types (see the figure).
To get orderly superlattice growth, the researchers had to conduct the process at the right temperature. Too cold, and the nanoparticles would stick to the substrate in an irregular fashion, and remain stuck. Too hot, and the DNA linkages would not hold together.
But in a temperature range of a couple of degrees on either side of about 40 C (just below the temperature at which the DNA sticky ends detach from each other), the nanoparticles were able to continuously link and unlink from each other. Over a period of about an hour per half-cycle, they settled into the bcc superlattice, the most thermodynamically stable arrangement.
GISAXS also revealed that although the substrate forced superlattices into specific vertical alignments, it allowed the nanoparticle crystals to form in any horizontal orientation. The researchers are now exploring the possibility that by patterning the substrate in a suitable way, they can control the orientation of the crystals in both dimensions, increasing the practical value of the technique.
Stepwise Evolution of DNA-programmable Nanoparticle Superlattices
Source: Advanced Photon Source, Argonne National Laboratory
Policemen in Punjab are seen clearly on camera hitting a young woman who allegedly tried to complain about harassment by a truck driver. The shocking footage was shot on a cellphone by a witness.Four police officers have been suspended for the brutal assault.The 23-year-old woman says they were harassed by the truck driver while returning from a wedding party.Her family then decided to approach constables who they spotted on the road at Tarn Taran near Amritsar.But, the woman says, instead of helping her, the police officers took a bribe from the driver and started beating her.Despite the footage, a senior police officer tried to defend the cops involved. "I don't think our cops did anything (wrong)... they were actually trying to intervene and stop the fight between two sides," said Sukhbir Singh, who heads the local police station. Some police officers said that the altercation began when constables tried to arrest the victim's father, who was allegedly drunk and was misbehaving. They say the woman tried to stop their father from being taken away by the police officers. However, they agreed that even if that were the case, there was no justification for the police hitting them in retaliation.
We gave the new feature a spin and it works as advertised. If you haven't already set up your privacy settings, you'll be prompted to choose from the above options on receiving your first broadcasting request. Elsewhere in the settings you'll option to broadcast microphone audio, choose a resolution from 480p, 720p or 1080p and a bitrate between 750kb/s to 3500kbit/s, depending on the strength of your connection.
It'll take a lot to topple Twitch as the go-to service for streaming games, but for something that's still marked as "in beta," it's all very functional, and the fact it requires no prior thought or effort to get started is a big plus. Perhaps the only snag we ran into is a lack of audio settings, and that Broadcasting is only live in the Windows client. Mac and Linux users can watch others gaming, but can't stream themselves, and pretty much anyone can watch streams in their browser through the Steam Community site so long as they're logged in. Of course, the vast majority of Steam gamers use PCs anyway, and Valve says the broadcasting feature will come to Linux and OS X in the future.
Naowarat Thanasrisutharat spent 40 years working at Chiang Mai Women's Correctional Institution, rising from guard to director. The vast majority of the 2,000 or so prisoners there at any given time were convicted of using or dealing drugs. Ex-inmates would often come back to visit them and complain that they had trouble finding jobs. Even though the facility offered vocational programs, including a massage training course since 2002, ex-prisoners faced considerable stigma on the outside. Several women they knew ended up back behind bars because they couldn't find jobs and returned to crime.
“It didn't matter what they had learned in prison. When they got out, nobody hired them because of their background. That's when I realized I needed to do something,” Thanasrisutharat told me recently during a video call. Now 70, wearing mauve lipstick and a shiny black blazer, they still had the no-nonsense bearing of a government official. They spoke to me from the courtyard of one of Lila Thai's massage parlors, surrounded by broad-leafed plants and big magenta flowers. The program's managing director, Piyapong Chutipongvivate, translated.
After mulling over how they could tackle the problem, Thanasrisutharat landed on opening a massage parlor. Massage was a manual skill that inmates could train in, and it didn't require as much investment as, say, starting a restaurant. Three months before they retired in 2007, Thanasrisutharat spent 300,000 baht, or the equivalent of about $9,000, out of their retirement savings to open Lila Thai Massage. The first location, on central Prapokkloa Road, launched with a couple of beds and 10 therapists. Two government ministers attended the grand opening, but the government wasn't willing to kick in any funding.
For the first couple of years, the program faced backlash from some local residents, who were nervous about having ex-convicts in the neighborhood.
“When they saw that the ladies were as normal as anyone else, and that it was OK to come to the shop, the reputation got better,” Thanasrisutharat said.
Chutipongvivate, who's been Lila Thai's managing director for nearly seven years, does not know of any cases in which therapists have stolen from clients — though they maintain closed circuit cameras throughout their properties for safety. In addition, each location has a bi-monthly staff meeting to ensure everyone is in good spirits.
After Thanasrisutharat's initial investment, the program became self-sustaining. Lila Thai brought in enough revenue from local and, increasingly, tourist clients to expand to a second location in two years, then to another four sites in the central city. Today, it employs around 160 therapists who see up to a total of 600 clients a day in the high season. They earn up to 17,000 baht ($490) a month. (Average monthly household income in Thailand was 26,900 baht, or $780, in 2015.)
A few Lila Thai therapists have moved on to massage parlors in China or Korea, where salaries are higher, while a few others have saved enough to buy a house. A larger number — Chutipongvivate estimates up to 15 percent of former therapists — have now opened their own businesses, including a guesthouse and grocery store. They often invite Thanasrisutharat to see their successes. Several years ago, two therapists who paid for their daughters to go to college brought them by in their graduation garb.
“We don't necessarily want them to stay massage therapists for the rest of their lives,” said Chutipongvivate. “We want this to be a place for them when they come out into the world, but we want them to have their own ideas and follow their dreams.” Staff guide therapists to the next step by holding workshops in financial planning and helping them think through how to reach their goals.
Besides a guaranteed job, Lila Thai also offers free accommodation to those who need it for the first two months. After that, therapists have to pay around 1,000 baht a month ($29) toward the electricity and water bills. Recently, Lila Thai also opened an ice cream shop in central Chiang Mai for ex-inmates who can't, or don't want to, go into massage.
Chivalry Windows Server Setup
1: Download and install the server files via Steam (Library > Tools). The game itself must also be installed on the machine you'll be running it on.
2: Log in to your router and forward the following ports to the local IP of the machine that will be hosting the server – UDP: 7777, 7778, and 27015
3: In UDKGame\Config (“C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\chivalry_ded_server\UDKGame\Config”), open “PCServer-UDKGame.ini” in Notepad. Under the section [Engine.GameReplicationInfo], put your desired server name after “ServerName=”. Make sure to save your changes when you're done. Its recommended that you make a copy of this before editing!
4: On your desktop, create a new text file called “Start Chivalry Server.txt” (or whatever you want really). Paste the following inside of it:
CD “C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\chivalry_ded_server\Binaries\Win32”
UDK.exe AOCTO-Battlegrounds_v3_P?steamsockets -seekfreeloadingserver
4.2: Change the text file extension from .txt to .bat (new name “Start Chivalry Server.bat”. If you do not see file extension you need to set windows to show them. (link opens in new window.
5: Double-click the .bat file and you should first see a command prompt pop up with the text above, then after a few seconds a second (blank) command prompt looking window with the Chivalry icon should come up. Feel free to close the first one after the second comes up.
6: Open the game and try to find your server! If you're hosting it on the same computer you're playing on you can open the console (press ` (tilde)) and enter the following command:
open 127.0.0.1
6.2: If your server is running properly it should plop you right on in shortly after hitting enter.
7: When people join (and maybe when they leave?) your server you should see a Log message in the server window that popped earlier.
8. To manage your server look at the RCON commands below.
Police say Dwight Boone-Doty helped lure the fourth-grader into an alley with a juice box before shooting them in ‘a calculated execution to get back at their dad'
A Chicago man has been charged with first-degree murder after police say they helped lure a nine-year-old boy into an alley with a juice box and then shot them in the head because of their father's gang ties.
Dwight Boone-Doty, 22, was charged on Monday night in connection with the 2 November death of Tyshawn Lee.
Chicago police spokesperson Anthony Guglielmi said Boone-Doty has been held since their November arrest on unrelated gun charges. Guglielmi said Boone-Doty has admitted to shooting the boy.
The fourth-grader was one of more than 400 homicide victims in the Chicago last year. But even in a city where children are all too often the innocent victims of relentless gang warfare, Tyshawn's killing was shocking because, according to police, they were killed for no other reason than to punish their father.
“This was something that commanders ... had never seen before: a calculated execution to get back at their dad,” said Anthony Guglielmi, the department's spokesperson.
Interim police superintendent John Escalante said the killing was a “targeted assassination”.
Escalante said on Tuesday that Tyshawn's death was the culmination of gang violence that spiraled into retaliation and showed “zero regard for human life”.
Escalante said three men were involved in the boy's death: Boone-Doty, 27-year-old Corey Morgan, and a third man, Kevin Edwards, who remains at large and who is believed to be hiding in Iowa, according to US marshals. They said the three men betrayed Tyshawn, who “paid the ultimate price for gang violence, senseless gang violence, that plagued their neighborhood”.
“The plan was to execute them in the park, but we learned there were too many people in the park so they lured them into an alley, promising them a juice box,” Guglielmi said, noting that they also told Tyshawn they were friends of their father.
Police say Tyshawn was targeted because of their father's gang affiliation and a recent series of shootings between two rival gangs, the Gangster Disciples and the Black P Stones, in the Auburn Gresham neighborhood on Chicago's South Side.
Investigators believe that the boy was killed in retaliation for the 13 October gang killing of Tracey Morgan, Corey Morgan's 25-year-old brother.
Morgan has denied any involvement in the shooting.
It was not immediately clear Tuesday if Boone-Doty had an attorney who can comment on their behalf. Neither the Cook County state's attorney's office nor the public defender's office immediately responded to phone messages seeking that information.
Boone-Doty also is charged with murder in the 18 October shooting death of 19-year-old Brianna Jenkins and attempted murder and aggravated battery in the wounding of Deshari Bowens, according to the state's attorney's office. Bowens, a 20-year-old man who is affiliated with a gang, was sitting in a car with Jenkins when they were killed.
Boone-Doty was paroled from the Illinois department of corrections in August after serving about two years on a five-year sentence in a drug case.
As we reach day 11 of Pacers Held Hostage, we all crave closure.
We want Paul George gone, we want the franchise to move on from this mess, we're tired of the endless stream of rumors, none of which have come to fruition, testing our patience.
The latest, of course, is a three-team deal reported by ESPN's Marc Stein in which George would go to Cleveland and Kevin Love to Denver. Just exactly what the Pacers would get, on the other hand, wasn't mentioned.
Does that make it unmentionable? Or does it illustrate the conundrum facing team president Kevin Pritchard as they try to point this franchise in the right direction?
There are two dramatically different paths to be pursued here: either the Pacers go young, stockpile potential and draft picks and build a team ready to win when LeBron James moves on. Or they grab a veteran or two, plug some short-term holes and try to remain in the playoff chase.
Until that decision is reached, it will be difficult for the Pacers to move forward.
“You go from a situation where you're trying to build and you feel like you're not that far away with Paul, Myles (Turner) coming as fast as he's coming, (Jeff) Teague having a good year and we felt like as the season went on they got better, so (George's decision to leave Indiana) was a surprise,” Pritchard said after the draft. “Now, we have to adjust. We have to look at every scenario and I'm confident we'll get something and there are so many things on the board. We do have a lot of stuff. And we're filtering through that.
“We're not afraid to look at next year's draft, young players on teams around the league or veteran players that can make us win now. We're OK with win-now still. We still can do that. It may be a little bit more challenging but we're not afraid to do that. … There are a lot of options where we take back players, potential All-Stars and All-Stars coming back at us that keep us competitive.”
Let's use this most recently reported three-way deal -- which I hear is more illusory than substantive -- as an illustration.
If the Pacers wanted to remain competitive, they might prefer to look at the combination of veterans Wilson Chandler and Kenneth Faried. Chandler would plug in at small forward, while Faried might be good enough to start at power forward, moving Thaddeus Young to the second unit and giving T.J. Leaf time to develop more methodically. Assuming the Pacers decided to re-sign Jeff Teague, that would give them a lineup of Teague, Lance Stephenson, Chandler, Faried and Myles Turner. Not exactly championship material, but certainly playoff-worthy.
If they wanted to go young, they almost certainly would prefer point guard Emmanuel Mudiay and shooting guard Gary Harris but, because they're young, they don't make enough money to allow the deal to work. The Pacers would have to take back one veteran, with Chandler the obvious preference. Teague would not be re-signed, so the lineup could look like this: Mudiay, Harris, Chandler, Leaf and Turner, with Stephenson and Young featured off the bench. It might be painful for a couple of years, but they'd have four first-round picks -- two lottery picks -- in the lineup, offering plenty of room for growth.
This is not to suggest this deal, in any iteration, is on the brink of consummation, but rather to use the teams and players involved merely as an example to try to clarify the Pacers' position.
They are not completely without leverage. Even as a one-year rental, George has the ability to take any team they join up a level. And the team that acquires them will have their Bird rights in free agency, although they would not be able to offer a supermax extension if they make the All-NBA team next season (a privilege available only to the player's team of origin). The Cavs appreciate this, and seem the most intent on putting something together that will pair them with James for one more (likely one last) championship run. If George really wants to win, James would be the ideal teammate, not Lonzo Ball.
But by declaring their intention to sign with the Lakers when they become a free agent in a year, George has made it obvious winning their not their first priority. If it happens, cool. If not, whatever. It is L.A., after all, where it's more important to look good than to be good.
As for the Pacers? They must weigh the risk-reward scenarios of the two courses they're considering.
Remaining competitive is the safe choice, the most palatable, with the least risk -- and ultimately the most modest reward.
Going young is a roll of the dice, betting the future of the franchise on the most volatile commodity on the market: youth. But if they acquire the right players, develop and then surround them properly -- as Golden State did, but not the Sixers or Lakers -- the payoff could be enormous.
Historically, the Pacers have erred on the side of caution because small-market teams lack the resources to survive mistakes, and are thus discouraged from taking big risks.
But this just might be one of those times where the exception might allow them, one day, to rule.
Delhi, the capital of India is one of the fastest growing and most popular cities in India. Regarded as the heart of the nation, Delhi is famous not only for its rich culture and heritage, but also for its modern and swanky infrastructure. It is thus an amazing mix of modernisation and carefully preserved antiquity..
Delhi can be divided into two sections for the sake of convenience, though physically there are no such boundaries- New Delhi and Old Delhi. While Old Delhi is famous for its ancient culture, monuments and overcrowded gastronomical lanes, New Delhi is better known for its swanky infrastructure and high rise buildings.
Being one of the largest metros in India, Delhi has extended its borders to neibouring states and few areas in the outskirts of Delhi, which are known as NCR or National Capital Region. Gurgaon is one of the main areas in NCR- 8 kms from Indira Gandhi International Airport and is the modern suburb of Delhi. It is home to the biggest hospitals in India. Multinational investors have also built swanky office blocks, malls, multiplexes, hotels and amusement parks in this fast developing region.
Situated in North India, the city goes through extreme temperatures during summer and winter. During Summer (April-September), the temperature soars to 45 degrees celcius and above while during Winter (Dec-Feb), it drops to around 3-4 degrees.
The city is well connected with all the major destinations across the globe, served by Indira Gandhi International Airport, which is the busiest airport in India in terms of both Passenger and Cargo traffic.
Delhi and NCR offers numerous accommodation options including budget guest houses to the most luxurious hotels. There are many options of public transport- Metro train, Local buses, autorickshaw, taxis, radio taxis of which metro train and radio taxis are the best options if you are from outside India.
Delhi and NCR is the hub of medical tourism in India. The city is also home to few of the best cancer hospitals in India, the best heart hospitals and best neurology hospitals in India. Cutting edge technology, state of the art infrastructure and best doctors are few of the salient features of these hospitals which attract medical tourists from across the world in huge numbers. These hospitals have state of the art facilities and the latest technology to offer the best in class care to the patients.
With less than one month until the Season 24 premiere of “Dancing With the Stars,” ABC is setting the new cast of celebrity contestants.
Nancy Kerrigan will compete on the upcoming season, along with a member of Fifth Harmony, a source tells Variety. Our insider also tells us that “The Bachelor” Nick Viall will more-than-likely be a contestant.
Mr. T. and Simone Biles will also compete on Season 24, our source says, confirming the participation of the wrestler and Olympic gymnast, who was courted to dance on the competition series last year, but was unable to due to scheduling. (Her Rio teammate Laurie Hernandez competed and won last season).
Kerrigan was one of the most notable figure skaters of the '90s, having won the bronze medal at the '92 Olympics and the silver at the '94 games. They also are known for the highly-publicized 1994 incident in which they were attacked by associates of their rival Tonya Harding's ex-husband. The controversy has been profiled on ESPN's “30 for 30” and a Netflix documentary, “Nancy & Tonya.” Kerrigan, who has had small film and TV roles in recent years, will be portrayed by Caitlin Carver in Margot Robbie's upcoming movie “I, Tonya.” (Robbie will play the embattled Harding).
A member of the girl band Fifth Harmony will also complete, though it's not clear who. Recently, Camila Cabello departed the group, which now consists of Ally Brooke, Normani Kordei, Dinah Jane, and Lauren Jauregui. The band has experience on reality TV, as they were formed on “The X-Factor.”
Viall, who's currently starring on ABC's “The Bachelor,” is probably going to be competing for the Mirror Ball, though our source warns their deal is not completely done. “Dancing With the Stars” has a history of casting past stars from “The Bachelor” or “Bachelorette,” including Sean Lowe, Jake Pavelka, Melissa Rycroft, and Trista Sutter.
While Viall's casting isn't a done deal, one thing is certain: our insider jokes that current fan-favorite “Bachelor” contestant Corinne Olympios will not be stepping into their dancing shoes.
When asked for comment by Variety, a spokesperson for ABC said the network does not comment on casting rumors.
OK, once we defined our patch() function, let's see what it is capable of. We will start with re-implementing contact information example:
Now, let's imagine we want to be able to toggle a favorite flag of our contact:
In Lodash _.mergeWith() is recursive, thanks to that our patch() function supports nested properties out-of-the-box:
Have you noticed how we avoided boilerplate null checks?
As last exercise, lets write a patching function that tries to parse address line and extract zip code, street and city components. To chain multiple operations (execute regexp, extract matched regexp groups into an array, build object from an array) we will use _.flow() function:
Now, we can combine all those transformations together:
We can also do it this way:
Operation first, data last
Notice how in all examples we first define transformations, then compose them, and in the end we pass actual data to the transformation. The transformation itself doesn't depend on data, only on structure of the data it accepts. It is much different than in most classical, object-oriented style in which operations are bound to some context (for example this or some parent scope variable). In the following example findActiveItems() function depends on items array:
This context-dependency makes functions less reusable, as they cannot be separated from their context. Unlike object-oriented style, in functional programming we try to separate operations from data as much as possible. One way to accomplish this, is to defer passing data as late as possible. It is idiomatic (characteristic) for functional libraries (like lodash/fp or Ramda) to accept data as last parameter.
To-Do list implementation
Let's get back to our patch() function and see how far we can push this simple implementation. How complicated logic can we express using this naive patch() function, before we fall back to more classical (imperative) style of programming? As a benchmark let's try to implement all features of famous TodoMVC project. Of course we will focus on domain/model part and we will skip any UI/view related parts.
Let's enumerate all features of To-Do List supported by TodoMVC:
create new To-Do item, mark all items as completed, clear all completed items, toggle single item as completed, rename single item, remove single item.
We will go one-by-one with this list, but first lets define how model of our To-Do list will look like:
1. Creating new To-Do item
Adding new To-Do item is pretty straightforward after what we learned from previous examples.
2. Mark all items as completed
First we will create function for completing single item and then we will apply it to all items in list:
We have also created an alias forAll for _.map function as it will improve readability.
3. Clear all completed items
Removing completed items is very similar to previous listing. We have used _.matches() function to filter completed items.
Similarly we created removeIf as an alias for _.reject .
4. Toggle single item as completed
Defining function that will toggle completed flag for single item is easy:
Toggling single item in a To-Do list and leave all the others intact, is a whole different story. In order to do it, we will first create new higher-order function that will invoke the function passed as a parameter conditionally, based on given predicate:
onlyIf() function is a little bit too imperative. Maybe Lodash can help us with this somehow? Of course it can! Take a look at _.cond() . Now we have:
Now we need one more function:
I must say that otherwise() looks a little bit too extreme. Probably imperative version would look much more understandable. I leave reader with the task (of rewriting this function) as an excercise. Fragment otherwise(onlyIf(pow), _.isNumber), _.constant('number expected!') is by no means any better. It doesn't read naturally. Definitely it is less readable than powN(n){ return _.isNumber(n) ? n * n : 'number expected!'} . Maybe we went one bridge too far. But let's try one more trick, before we give up. Let's assign both function to Function.prototype and pass original function as this parameter:
We had to switch from arrow notation ( () => {} ) to function expression, as arrow functions do not bind own this parameter. Now we can get back to our original task: toggling particular item.
4a. Customized Matcher
As you can see in code listing above, in order to complete single Todo-Item we have to pass its full title. It is a little bit inconvenient. What if we would like to complete every item that contains “Learn” or “learn” in it's title? We need custom matching function that also accepts regular expressions. To achieve that we will use already familiar feature of Lodash customizers, but this time we will apply it to _.isMatchWith() function instead of _.mergeWith() .
We can re-use our previous customizer and extend it with support for regexp's:
Our enhanced customizer effectively transformed _.isMatchWith() into something even more flexible than _.conforms() as it allows matching object properties against: fixed values, regular expressions and function predicates:
5. Rename single item + 6. remove single item
With helper functions introduced in previous paragraphs, remaining two functionalities are dead simple:
All the pieces together
Let's put all the pieces together. I have split function definitions in two groups. First group consist of more abstract and more reusable (higher-order) functions. Second group includes more domain-specific functions.
You can also find full listing and play around with it at this JS Fiddle.
Summary
In the article we have been investigating customization capabilities of Lodash library. As a result we have build a simple, yet powerful, Domain-Specific Language for declarative transformation of JSON objects in form of patches. Thanks to flexibility and extensibility of Lodash, we made it, by writing only few lines of code.
In the end we were able to compose extremely simple functions into more sophisticated patches, that reads almost as a natural language.
Is this functional approach better/cleaner/fancier/name your own adjective here than classical imperative one? I leave reader with this question to decide on their own. Regardless of the answer however, it is definitely worth to be aware of all this cool customization features provided by Lodash.
In next article we will extend our example with a user interface and build a fully capable To-Do list application. Stay tuned!
The oil and gas industry in the past four years has poured more than $80 million into Colorado to shape public opinion and influence campaigns and ballot initiatives, creating a political force that has had broad implications throughout the state.
Environmentalists and industry officials alike call the effort one of the best-financed operations advocating for drilling in any state. Just two months ago, that political muscle came into play when the industry successfully lobbied Republican legislators to kill legislation tightening regulation in the wake of a fatal home explosion in Firestone that investigators have blamed on a severed gas pipeline.
Energy interests also have helped elect local city council candidates more favorable to allowing drilling near housing and blunted efforts across the Front Range to restrict drilling rights. Last year, industry forces played a role in keeping the state Senate in Republican hands. They spent heavily last year to convince voters across the state to make it harder to amend the state constitution, dealing a blow to anti-fracking activists' hopes to curtail drilling through a statewide ballot initiative.
The new approach has been broad, sustained and effective in its reach, according to interviews and a review of industry documents, campaign-finance records and public remarks by an industry consultant who helped develop the strategy.
Details of the efforts in Colorado were disclosed by Mark Truax, a political consultant working for the state's top drilling companies, during a speech to industry players in 2015. In two years, Truax said, the industry had knocked on 1.7 million doors in Colorado. It had profiled more than 3.9 million voters and flooded the airwaves, internet and mailboxes with targeted messages to Coloradans ranging from Democrats receptive to President Barack Obama's support of natural gas to hunters and anglers interested in wildlife restoration.
Oil and gas interests mobilized after ending up on the losing side of local ballot issues in 2012 and 2013 seeking to restrict drilling and after realizing that environmentalists, such as billionaire Tom Steyer, were targeting Colorado. Steyer, founder of the political advocacy group NextGen Climate, in 2014 paid for television ads and canvassing operations for then-U.S. Sen. Mark Udall's losing campaign against Cory Gardner. This year, when Steyer announced they were putting up at least $25 million to mobilize voters in battleground states, they pledged resources would be devoted to Colorado.
“The old approach wasn't working anymore,” said Chris Castilian, a former director of government affairs for Anadarko Petroleum who helped put together the industry blueprint for fighting back. “Every time we saw a ballot measure at the state or local level we would get a group of industry representatives together, and we would gather around a campaign table and hire a campaign manager and put up TV ads.”
The strategy was reactive and underfunded, Castilian said, and it showed in the results.
Campaign-finance reports filed by energy companies show that in 2012 they spent $455,000 on corporate political contributions in Colorado, mostly in a diffuse manner. From 2013 through 2016, they have poured an average of more than $20 million annually into financing Colorado political campaigns for politicians and ballot issues as well as a new, unprecedented public relations effort aimed at molding public opinion — a total in excess of $80 million.
To come up with the numbers, The Denver Post reviewed campaign finance contribution and expenditure reports from the Colorado Secretary of State's Office from 2012 to 2016, annual political activity reports published by the state's largest drilling companies, 990 nonprofit tax returns for industry groups and contributions to issue committees linked to industry.
Going back to 2012
In 2012, voters in Longmont turned out in force to ban fracking in their community. The same year, the fifth-richest member of Congress, Jared Polis, a Democrat from Boulder, began taking a personal interest.
“This can happen to anybody. It can happen to you. It can happen to your neighbor. It can happen to your member of congress,” Polis said in an interview after they filed a lawsuit seeking to stop a fracking operation that had set up across the street from their 50-acre getaway in Weld County. “The laws in Colorado are outrageously out of touch in terms of protecting property.”
With at least four other Front Range municipalities pushing anti-fracking ballot initiatives in 2013 and Polis arguing for a statewide initiative for further restrictions, top energy producers in the state crafted plans to fight back.
Anadarko Petroleum and Noble Energy, the top energy producers in the state, lead the way. Their campaign-finance records and political activity reports shows that since 2012, the companies are responsible for two-thirds of the money given to an industry political issue committee known as Protect Colorado, which has spent $30 million since 2013 on ballot initiatives and issues.
A public relations front group founded by the two companies in 2013 — Coloradans for Responsible Energy Development — also received more than $30 million in donations in its first three years of existence, according to its tax returns.
“Scaring people is easy and cheap. Providing factual information on a complex subject is difficult and expensive,” CRED and Protect Colorado spokesperson Karen Crummy said in a prepared statement. CRED was created as an “education effort to present the public with the science and facts on fracking,” they said.
Crummy added that “Protect Colorado was formed when the energy industry was facing an onslaught of ballot measures and the very deep pockets of one Colorado Congressman who had hundreds of millions of dollars. These measures had the potential to put the industry out of business so we had to fight back.”
Driving the message for CRED is Oregon-based political consulting firm, Pac/West Communications, which promised industry representatives more than just an aggressive fight at the ballot box. The firm, Castilian said, pledged when bidding for the job to work tirelessly to change the “hearts and minds of Coloradans.”
The industry helped shape the political makeup of city councils in Denver and Fort Collins and successfully defeated or headed off anti-fracking initiatives in Erie, Windsor and Loveland that cropped up after 2014, Truax, now a vice president at Pac/West, said in their speech.
By 2015, the industry in Colorado could mobilize as many as 400 canvassers to descend on small towns across the Front Range in as little as 24 hours' notice, Truax told attendees at an Interstate Oil and Gas Compact Commission conference in Oklahoma City. They and other consultants had compiled a coalition of 40,000 people who could lobby against environmentalists and jam municipal phone lines at a moment's notice.
Greenpeace recorded Truax's speech and provided a copy of the recording to The Denver Post. A transcript previously was published in Boulder Weekly.
Truax described the political tools the team had amassed as giving industry purchasing power similar to a person who has the ability to walk into a Sears and tell the floor manager, “I want one of everything and put it in the truck out in the parking lot.”
Losses pile up
The losses have piled up for environmentalists. Last fall, voters approved “Raise the Bar,” a measure making it more difficult — some say nearly impossible — to place constitutional amendments on the state ballot. The oil and gas industry spent at least $4.3 million, according to state campaign finance records for a committee formed to back the measure.
Hopes to place restrictions on fracking through a constitutional amendment suffered a major setback. “We saw it as very unprecedented as we watched it unfold in Colorado,” said Jesse Coleman, a researcher for Greenpeace.
Environmental groups this year failed to get bills opposed by the industry out of the state Senate, which Anadarko and Noble helped last year keep in Republican hands by pouring nearly $1 million into political groups that paid heavily for mailers attacking Democratic candidates.
Republicans in the House this year filibustered a bill that would have forced state regulators to map oil and gas pipelines throughout the state, a measure Democrats pushed in the wake of the fatal home explosion in Firestone investigators have blamed on a severed Anadarko pipeline. Another bill that would have barred oil drilling from within 1,000 feet of schools also died in the state Senate this year.
“You can't miss all the ads and brochures in the doors, but how they exert influence so they can continue to make profit is not as well known,” said state Sen. Matt Jones, a Democrat from Louisville. “The fact that they opposed, even this year, after the tragic Firestone deaths, any mapping of pipes is beyond the pale.”
Republicans said the mapping legislation posed an unnecessary burden on the industry and would usurp the authority of state regulators, who they contended are better able than politicians to discern the concerns of industry and the public. They also complained that the mapping bill amounted to little more than grandstanding by Democrats.
Lobbyist disclosure reports (first reported by the International Business Times) show that Anadarko lobbyists opposed the mapping legislation. The bill also drew opposition from other energy companies and professional associations. Lobbyists for Noble sought to amend the bill, the disclosure reports show.
Campaign finance records show Anadarko last year gave $510,000 to the Colorado Economic Leadership Fund, which spent nearly $711,000, mostly on helping Republican senate candidates. Records show that fund spent more than $430,000 to help just two GOP candidates win their elections: Sen. Kevin Priola of Henderson and Sen. Jack Tate of Centennial.
Noble Energy last year gave $250,000 to Concerned Citizens for Colorado, which gave $380,000 to a Republican group that spent heavily in legislative races. That Republican group, Colorado Citizens for Accountable Government, spent nearly $700,000 opposing Democratic state senate candidate Rachel Zenzinger of Arvada. Zenzinger, buoyed by $150,000 in spending on their behalf from the advocacy group American Wind Action of Colorado, ended up winning the election.
Game plan from logging
The Colorado Supreme Court eventually overturned the fracking ban approved by Longmont voters. Gov. John Hickenlooper formed a task force to make recommendations on oil and gas drilling issues, and Polis agreed to pull back on their efforts for statewide voter initiatives to regulate the industry.
Castilian said that the push by Anadarko and Noble to change course wasn't met with universal acclaim by other energy companies. They said nevertheless the companies were convinced they needed to take more direct control for a sustained statewide message instead of continuing to react when local skirmishes broke out. Castilian said they believe the industry's political and public relations operation in Colorado is among the best financed in the country for energy forces. Had the industry not responded as it did, fracking likely would have been banned in Colorado, they said.
Noble and Anadarko representatives interviewed about a dozen firms to handle industry messaging before settling on Pac/West, Castilian said. The company had fought anti-logging initiatives that had embroiled the northwest. In that fight, Pac/West, with the backing of money from timber interests, launched a statewide campaign in Oregon that used mailers and phone calls to argue environmentalists and their lawyers were putting the lives of firefighters at risk, according to news reports.
Other industries have spent heavily on political issues in Colorado. For instance, Altria, which owns tobacco giant Philip Morris, put up $18 million last year to convince voters not to raise tobacco taxes. A 2013 report by Colorado Ethics Watch on oil industry spending on politics noted that the health care industry spent more on lobbying at the state legislature than all other industries combined between 2007 and 2012.
For oil and gas, the first notice that its new strategy was succeeding in helping the industry reclaim its political momentum came in 2014 when it succeeded in defeating a fracking moratorium in Loveland by 400 votes. The spending, and the wins, have kept rolling in.
The American Petroleum Institute also contributed $15 million last year to fight efforts by environmentalists to place on the statewide ballot measures that would give communities the ability to regulate oil and gas development and require 2,500-foot buffers between oil and gas infrastructure and homes, schools and hospitals. Environmentalists, which faced a barrage of “decline to sign” advertising financed by the industry, failed to get enough signatures to get those two initiatives on the ballot.
The fight may only just be beginning, however. Polis, the politician in the state who has pushed for the most severe restrictions on the oil and gas industry, is running for governor in the 2018 election. Their chances to win the Democratic primary improved last week as U.S. Rep. Ed Perlmutter, D-Arvada, dropped out of the race.
Chris Wright, chief executive of two Denver-based energy companies, called Polis' entry “a huge risk” to the oil and gas industry. And the deadly Firestone explosion in April has reignited concerns over drilling's proximity to communities, Wright added. “I think it's a setback, absolutely. It's an absolute human tragedy, people are dead,” they said.
The industry is aiming to convince the middle swath of the electorate to support the energy industry, said Wright, who leads Liberty Oilfield Services and Liberty Resources. Wright thinks it's possible, as long as the industry doesn't default back to the stance from several years ago of keeping quiet and out of the public debate.
Already, others are planning to tug voters in the other direction.
“They knew what was at stake,” said Rick Ridder, a political consultant with close ties to Polis. “They've got to stop a movement. You can throw millions of dollars at in issue but when people die because of your policies and practices, it doesn't make a lot of difference. People are still going to be active against you.”
Denver Post staff writer John Frank contributed to this report.
First Hi-Res Color Mosaic of Curiosity's Mastcam Images
This image is the first high-resolution color mosaic from NASA's Curiosity rover, showing the geological environment around the rover's landing site in Gale Crater on Mars. The images show a landscape that closely resembles portions of the southwestern United States in its morphology, adding to the impression gained from the lower-resolution thumbnail mosaic released early in the week.
› Larger view › Full resolution (TIFF) › See white balanced version
The colors in the main image are unmodified from those returned by the camera. While it is difficult to say whether this is what a human eye would see, it is what a cell phone or camcorder would record since the Mastcam takes color pictures in the exact same manner that consumer cameras acquire color images. The colors in a second version linked to the main image have been modified as if the scene were transported to Earth and illuminated by terrestrial sunlight. This processing, called "white balancing," is useful for scientists to be able to recognize and distinguish rocks by color in more familiar lighting.
The parts of this mosaic that are most interesting to geologists include a section on the crater wall north of the landing site where a network of valleys believed to have formed by water erosion enters Gale Crater from the outside. They are also studying a section that looks south of the landing site that provides an overview of the eventual geological targets Curiosity will explore, including the rock-strewn, gravelly surface nearby, the dark dune field and the layered buttes and mesas of the sedimentary rock of Mount Sharp.
Geologists are also taking a close look at an area excavated by the blast of the Mars Science Laboratory's descent stage rockets. With the loose debris blasted away by the rockets, details of the underlying materials are clearly seen. Of particular note is a well-defined, topmost layer that contains fragments of rock embedded in a matix of finer material.
This 79-image mosaic was acquired by the 34-millimeter Mastcam over about an hour of time on Aug. 8, 2012 PDT (Aug. 9, 2012 EDT). The full mosaic consists of 130 1,200 by 1,200 pixel full-color images, but this version includes all the images that have been returned to Earth so far. The black areas indicate images not yet returned by the rover.
An interactive QuickTime Virtual Reality product is also included. Users can use arrow keys to move side to side and up and down in this spherical projection of the high-resolution color mosaic from Mastcam. Users can also use the shift key to zoom in and the control key to zoom out. › View interactive 22Mb
Image credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech/MSSS
The Home Office has announced that recorded incidents of racially motivated attacks across the country dip substantially during the radio phone-in show hosted by former UKIP leader, Nigel Farage on LBC.
Farage, who only began their 7.00pm to 9.00pm stint behind the microphone on Monday, gave a cautious welcome to the statistics last night.
They explained, “Obviously, it's fairly good news that fewer foreigners are being assaulted during the show, but let's not get ahead of ourselves here.
“After all, if there were no foreigners at all there'd be even less chance of them bringing disorder to Britain's streets in the first place.”
The widely-held explanation for the phenomena is that most of Britain's bigoted racists are staying indoors listening to the show and are therefore not roaming the streets attacking people from other countries.
This theory is supported by the fact that, as soon as Farage's show finishes, the incidents of race hate crime increase alarmingly.
A Home Office spokesperson said, “I suppose it's a bit like the FA Cup Final when everyone piles out into the street for a kickabout after the final whistle.”
THERE was a huge surprise in store for residents last week when celebrity Eddie Izzard turned up in the town centre.
The comedian, actor and writer, was out on the campaign trail with Redditch's Labour's Parliamentary candidate Rebecca Blake.
As well as supporting Ms Blake's fight to be elected on May 7, Eddie met with local campaigners and a number of bemused shoppers.
Candidate Rebecca Blake said: "On the doorstep I speak to too many people who have never voted or will not be voting this time. I want more people to vote and that's why I'm delighted Eddie, who is so well known, came to Redditch to ask people to vote Labour on the May 7.
"There is so much at stake in this election, including for young people who face low wages, insecure work and being the first generation in a hundred years struggling to do better than the last.
"The next generation here in the Redditch constituency want to get on, and deserve a bright future. A Labour government will guarantee an apprenticeship for every school leaver who gets the grades, we will reduce tuition fees and increase the minimum wage. And make exploitative zero hour contracts a thing of the past."
They added: "Not only was it good to have Eddie's support, I was thrilled to showcase Redditch town centre to him, including Church Green and the Kingfisher Shopping Centre."
Tom Herman
On being happy with the team, progress compared to where they thought they'd be: I don't know that I thought they'd be. I'm happy with how hard we're practicing and how well we're staying on our feet, taking care of each other. We got a little tired during the practice today, I could tell that the wall is probably going to hit and tomorrow is going to be a big test for us. Tomorrow and Saturday, two really big tests for us because we're going to put the pads on, we're going to be physical, and it's going to be practice five. They've done a lot of running, banging a little bit in these last couple of practices. But we need to be able to push through some of that fatigue and soreness, and all that.
On the excitement of practicing in full pads: That only lasts so long. At some point, the body's going to come back and take over and tell you, "Hey, I'm tired, I'm sore, I'm hurting." You've got to then turn your mind on and be able to combat that.
On the tight end position: I don't know that it's solidified our worries, I think we feel better about where we're at in terms of depth in that room. I think it's important on offense to get your best eleven guys on the field and figure out a way to make sure you're doing that without straying too far from core beliefs of what you want to be on offense. We want to play with a tight end, but we're not going to be so bull-headed, if the tight end is not one of our best players, we're not going to put them out there just because we want to play with a tight end. So it's helped, Kendall (Moore) and the young guys have a ways to go as far as acclimating to our system. But it's a lot better than where it was in the spring.
On Cade Brewer : The first thing is ball skills. The guy has size, he's got really good ball skills. I think it was the Westlake-Lake Travis game where we went out there to evaluate him. They were running down the seam, caught a ball behind the defender's back and I turned to our recruiting guys and said, "Yeah, we should probably offer that kid." So, ball skills, really, really conscientious kid. A guy that, they don't like to not do well, which is a great trait. But he's also got to be patient and understand that he's a first-year student and development takes time.
On Colin Johnson: I've never had a guy with their height and ball skills and ability to contort their body and have that much body control. So we've got to see how physical they can be, that depends. We challenged them prior to camp, "Hey, you check a lot of boxes. Height, ball skills, speed, want-to, all that stuff. It can you be physical?" So far, he's shown that he's made a lot of improvement there.
On the new locker room, the effect upon recruiting: I think the locker rooms effect recruiting because the kids that we're recruiting, some of the best schools in the nation are as well. A scholarship is a scholarship is a scholarship is a scholarship anywhere you go, so how can you differentiate yourself in terms of why your place might be better. For that young man, obviously the education you get is one, our program, our development of kids is another. But you also want to provide them and show them that they're going to have the very best tools in the country that help them achieve their goals of development. The lockers, as cool looking as they are, they're still very functional too. Stainless steel and anti-microbial, we've got fans coming out, exhausts that dry their pads off. So there are a lot of things in those lockers that are beneficial beyond how they look.
On Charles Omenihu , their role and development: In my opinion, we have three starting defensive ends in Malcolm (Roach), Chris Nelson , and him. Only two can be on the field at the same time. Whether they jog in on the first snap or the fourth snap, if they continue to play as well as he's playing, their reps are going to be equal to those of the other defensive ends because of what I've said before. You've got to rotate defensive linemen, especially in the Big 12, up-tempo offenses and spread teams, you have to be able to rotate guys in. So again, whether that's with the first snap or the fourth, it's irrelevant to us. They just needs to stay the course. He's gotten a lot stronger, he's playing between the tackles better these last couple of practices, so happy with their development.
On what they want to see out of the next two days: I think tomorrow, the biggest thing is we've got to stay physical for an entire practice. Your adrenaline is going to be going, early in practice there's probably going to be a lot of hooping and hollering. Tackle drills, our circle drill, goal line, short yardage, a lot of things that can get you excited and motivate you to play physical. But can you do it when you've been out there for two hours on the fifth day of a long week, so that signals success for me. Then on Saturday, it's just some clean execution. We'll have then our sixth day and five days of install and fine-tuning some things. Are you going to be perfect and be in game operation, execution? No. But we need to tighten some things up, see less busts on defense and less assignment errors on offense, things like that. But if we do that and come out of that scrimmage feeling like, "Hey, we're progressing." I think that would be a good thing.
On fan experience upgrades to Darrell K Royal - Texas Memorial Stadium: The fan experience, we've been involved in the details of the video board and the ribbon board and the sound system and all that. Other than saying, "That's a good idea," nothing really too detailed there. The fan experience one is important to me, it's player experience too for us and recruit experience, that's the big one for me. I love giving fans a great time at our games and hopefully the product on the field is going to be a majority of that entertainment. But for me, the biggest thing in terms of being involved with that is our players, what songs are we playing on third down and when we run down on kickoff, what we are showing on the video board. And then the recruits, I want to make sure that the recruits have a great time at our games.
Andrew Beck
On position depth at tight end: We have a couple of undergrads, we have Kendall (Moore) coming over, transferring in, which has been good for the room because they push everybody, coming in as an older guy gives them an edge a little bit. I don't think the depth's been as much of an issue now, because as we've put pads on yesterday and today, there is competition in the room now so depth isn't as much of an issue as now it's about who's going to step up and who's going to play.
On the role of the tight end in the Texas offensive scheme: I think this position will do a little bit of everything, whatever the coaches tell us to do, obviously, but we've been all over, from split out to in the backfield and everywhere in between.
On comparisons with previous offensive schemes: It's hard to compare just because this offense is unlike anything I've seen since I've been here. It's complex, but in a good way; it's complex when you're looking at it on film and trying to break it down for defenses, but the way they teach it and the way it is for players, it's really not that hard to understand. That's a credit to the coaches, they do a really good job explaining everything to us.
On the new locker rooms and how it will help with recruiting: (They) are unbelievable … I think (with) recruiting it's going to be a huge help, especially now that they can go in there and look around. Me and Naashon Hughes were talking yesterday and if we get a haircut and shave we can come back for four more years and nobody would ever know. It was a huge help, and then just for players; we walked in this morning, you walk into that locker room and camp practice doesn't seem so bad; you're more excited, you have a little bounce to your step.
On the development of Shane Buechele : He's (developed) a lot, both physically and mentally. He's bigger, stronger, faster, just like the rest of us; and that's working with Coach (Yancy) McKnight, everybody's bigger, stronger, faster; and then mentally, working with their offensive coordinator, Coach (Tim) Beck, just sitting down and all the technology they have to use to be able to watch film and understand the game more has really helped them out. It's helped all of our quarterbacks out, and really all of our players out; these coaches teach us how to watch film and how to learn the game and I think that's helped not only both the quarterbacks, but everybody.
Malcolm Roach
On how linebackers and defensive backs are helping the defensive line: The linebackers have helped us out a lot, the (defensive backs) have helped us out a lot as a (defensive) line, communicating to us, and we're just trying to get better every day as a defense, as a whole. We have some great leaders down there helping us out on the d-line. They've done a very good job with us and we're just trying to get better every day as a defense.
On how the team is handling the first few days of camp: Anytime you go through a college football camp, it's pretty hard on the body, mentally and it's hard everywhere physically. So you know it's common to hit a wall but you have to fight through it as a team, and that's where your strength and conditioning program comes in a lot, mentally, to push yourself through it and I feel like, as a team, we've been preparing well and we'll push through it.
On the test of the team's mental toughness during camp: Every day is a test, coming out in this heat, so we've been tested mentally since (the coaching staff) first got here on the first day and every day we worked out this summer; so it's nothing new to us.
On the new locker room and the impact on the team: I love the lockers … I really just like the fact that it's more convenient. We're around different positions now, so I get to mingle with some of the wide receivers and we come together closer as a team. You're really just around people who you wouldn't usually be around. Usually I'm around the d-line, but now my locker has linebackers by it, offensive linemen by it; what a combination that is, offensive linemen and d-linemen, so that's really good; helping us come together closer as a team.
On how the defensive unit has helped each other improve: Off the field, when we're in the dorms and at each other's apartments, just hanging out with each other as a defense as a whole, that really gets you together. That really brings you together and I feel like that's helped us out a lot, because it's like you almost learn what their thinking as a person, not just as a football player … just gaining trust from one another has really helped us.
Five players are in line to make their Vodafone Warriors debuts in Saturday's NRL season-opening clash against the Newcastle Knights at Hunter Stadium (4.30pm kick-off local time; 6.30pm NZT).
Head coach Andrew McFadden has named experienced recruits Bodene Thompson and Ryan Hoffman to start in the second row in their first appearances for their new club with captain Simon Mannering moving to loose forward.
Solomone Kata has been confirmed to make their NRL debut in the centres playing on the left edge alongside the club's try-scoring record holder Manu Vatuvei, who is heading into their 12th campaign in the Vodafone Warriors' 20th anniversary season.
Named on an extended bench are young props Sam Lisone and Albert Vete who, like Kata, are products of the club's NYC system; Kata and Lisone were both in the premiership-winning Vodafone Junior Warriors side last year.
If all five players make the final side, they'll take the club's number of NRL players up to 197 since the Auckland Warriors made their debut appearance on March 10, 1995.
“Ryan and Bodene have made a huge impact since joining us early in the New Year,” said McFadden.
“They bring so much to the squad in terms of not just their ability but their attitude and work ethic. They certainly have all the qualities we want to see across the board in our club.
“Solomone, Sam and Albert have also made a big impression with their work in the offseason and their efforts in the trials. They've really earned their selection.”
Returning to the side after three NRL appearances last year is Tuimoala Lolohea, who has been named on the right wing teaming up with explosive centre Konrad Hurrell. Lolohea was also in the club's grand final-winning NYC side last year.
Veteran utility Thomas Leuluai will start at hooker with Nathan Friend on the bench. The 34-year-old Friend is only three games away from their 200th career appearance.
The Newcastle clash is the first of back-to-back away games for the Vodafone Warriors to kick off their 21st campaign. On Sunday week they're in Canberra to take on the Raiders before having consecutive home games at Mount Smart Stadium against Parramatta (5.00pm, March 21) and Brisbane (2.00pm, March 29).
“It's a tough start to the season but for us it's all about preparing well and being in a position to produce the level of performance we expect of ourselves,” said McFadden.
“The players are getting restless, as they always do at this time of the year. They just want to get out there and play. They've worked hard, really hard, the trials are over and now it's time to put everything we're striving for to the test.”
While Friend is nearing a major milestone so too are Hoffman and Vatuvei. Hoffman is five games short of their 250th NRL appearance while Vatuvei is six away from becoming only the third player to appear in 200 NRL matches for the Vodafone Warriors.
After winning only two of their first 14 clashes against the Knights, the Vodafone Warriors have experienced a greater level of success since winning 13 of the last 18 encounters between the two sides.
The last one at Hunter Stadium ended disappointingly, though, when they lost 22-28 last year, a result that seriously dented their top eight plans. The overall record in 32 games shows the Vodafone Warriors winning 15 times with one draw and 16 losses.
VODAFONE WARRIORS v NEWCASTLE KNIGHTS
Hunter Stadium, Newcastle
4.30pm, Saturday, March 07
VODAFONE WARRIORS
1 SAM TOMKINS
2 TUIMOALA LOLOHEA
3 KONRAD HURRELL
4 SOLOMONE KATA
5 MANU VATUVEI
6 CHAD TOWNSEND
7 SHAUN JOHNSON
8 JACOB LILLYMAN
9 THOMAS LEULUAI
10 BEN MATULINO
11 BODENE THOMPSON
12 RYAN HOFFMAN
13 SIMON MANNERING (c)
Interchange:
14 NATHAN FRIEND
15 BEN HENRY
16 SAM LISONE
17 ALBERT VETE
18 SUAIA MATAGI
HEAD COACH: ANDREW McFADDEN
This is an unusual book - not because of the subject, though I can't remember reading any Viking fantasy of late (apart from the one I'm writing) or indeed ever. Sure fantasy abounds with 'Northman warriors', beards a-bristling, who crop up with sometimes annoying regularity in everything from George Martin's A Game of Thrones (& subsequent books) to the recent Grim Company by Luke Scull. But actually honest-to-Odin Vikings with names like Audun Arinbjarnarson and Ulfar Thormodsson ... that's unusual.However, it's not the subject that makes the book most unusual - it's the writing style. The prose is fairly standard, good, solid, does the job. The point of view though - the set of eyes through which you see the story - changes rapidly from one character to another, continuously, through the whole book. You often get two or three paragraphs from one character here, a page from another on a boat miles away, then a page from a third, and half a page from a fourth. This could be disastrous but Snorri Kristjansson made it work for me. The effect is to give a different experience of what is, when boiled down, a week-long attack on a smallish town. The price paid is that it's hard to connect emotionally with any single character and hard to become too interested in their schemes, but on the other hand you get a much more sweeping view of a grand conflict and if you're not connected so strongly to the characters you certainly connect and understand the events. In a way it feels like a different 'cinematic' treatment where we flash about rapidly watching the battle unfold.The battle is the thing here. A lot of axes divide a lot of flesh into smaller pieces than required for good health. Blood runs in the streets. Longships plow the waves. The old gods are invoked. The White Christ too.The ending was a surprise. It certainly left me mulling it over, wondering if I liked it or not and whether me liking it was really the point.[I should note that there are longer sections with single characters. I don't want to overstate the 'jumping', just acknowledge it.]This is, in my opinion, a good book. I'm glad I read it. It's far from perfect. A number of plot lines confused me. Things happened that I can't really explain the reason for. The focus felt misplaced sometimes and some characters rang less true than others. However, it's something new both stylistically and subject-wise (fantasy-lite Vikings written by one of their descendants), and certainly if your fantasy reading is starting to feel a bit samey you should give this one a go.And if none of that sways you, consider this: My mother liked it...
NAVI MUMBAI: Cidco launched its drive to demolish illegal religious structures in Airoli on Friday. Fearing backlash, Cidco had its own security contingent, apart from local police officers. The structures included 8 temples, s mosque and 2 Buddha viharas. The demolitions were carried out amidst protest from devotees.The move is as per a Bombay high court judgment and a state government General Resolution dated November 5, to demolish all illegal religious structures by December 31. Cidco had been planning for months to crack the whip on illegal structures affiliated to different religions. With the deadline approaching for submitting a compliance report, Cidco CUC kicked off the drive to clear as many as 66 such structures that have come up after 2009 from November 25 to December 2.“We launched the drive with adequate security arrangements and cleared encroachments from 11 Cidco plots in sectors 2, 3, 4, 10, 19, 20 and 20A in the day-long drive. We will continue the drive to clear all such structures in Navi Mumbai,” said P B Rajput, controller of Cidco CUC, who led the drive. Prashant Khaire , deputy commissioner of police (DCP-zone I), told TOI that more than 100 cops were stationed to ensure the drive went off peacefully.
Despite slower sales in the month of March for software and hardware, the PlayStation 4 managed to return to the top hardware spot beating out the Nintendo 3DS from February and the Xbox One.
March 2015, according to the NPD as reported by VentureBeat, was a lower month for new game releases as well as hardware sales. Tentpole releases such as Battlefield: Hardline and the PlayStation 4 exclusive Bloodborne were at the top of the software charts with a combined total of $963.7 million in sales. Compared to March 2014, this is six percent less than the $1.02 billion figures from the last month of Q1. The largest offset to the numbers was the 21 percent decrease in console sales over last year's $393.4 million. March 2015 saw a reduced $311.1 million this year.
Despite the reduction in console sales, both the Xbox One and PlayStation 4 and even the Wii U saw an increase in sales for March. NPD analyst Liam Callahan said, “This is the seventeenth month of sales for the Xbox One and PS4, whose combined cumulative hardware sales are over 50 percent higher than the combined seventeen-month cumulative sales totals for the Xbox 360 and PS3.”
This eight-generation of consoles has been decidedly in Sony's favor in terms of sales up to this point. The PlayStation 4 has beaten the Xbox One in almost every month and shows no sign of slowing down. In February, it lost top hardware spot to Nintendo's 3DS XL system but still remained above the Xbox One as the Inquisitr reported.
In terms of software, the PlayStation platform saw two exclusive titles break the Top 10 list. The full list is below. The platforms are listed in order of the highest reported sales figures from brick and mortar retailers.
Battlefield: Hardline – Xbox One | PS4 | 360 | PS3 | PC Bloodborne – PS4 Grand Theft Auto V – Xbox One | PS4 | 360 | PS3 Mario Party 10 – Wii U (290,000 copies sold both physical and digital according to Nintendo) Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare – PS4 | Xbox One | 360 | PS3 | PC MLB 15: The Show – PS4 | PS3 Minecraft – 360 | PS3 | Xbox One | PS4 NBA 2K15 – PS4 | Xbox One | 360 | PS3 | PC Borderlands: The Handsome Collection – PS4 | Xbox One Final Fantasy: Type 0 HD – PS4 | Xbox One
The NPD group is the main information source for software and hardware sales for the video game industry. While they do not report on digital sales, they track physical sales and hardware sales across the video game industry.
[Image Source | GamesPress]
Donald Trump meets “the media.”
Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images
President-elect of the United States of America Donald Trump met with their favorite rhetorical adversary Monday—the media. More specifically, Trump met with anchors and executives from the TV media, including the three major networks—ABC, CBS, and NBC—as well as cable's Fox News and CNN. The off-the-record Trump Tower gathering of 30 or so was billed as generally “cordial,” according to Politico and its sources. The New York Post's play-by-play of the meeting was far more hyperbolic and casts Trump in a suspiciously valiant light, such that it's not totally clear the source wasn't Donald Trump himself. Needless to say, until someone, anyone confirms the Post's version of events we're going to set it aside as a contrived outlier.
Unlike the Post's account, Politico's report included some instructive reporting, including that Trump mentioned the possibility of a “reset” with the media after a year-and-a-half of berating it generally and the people who practice journalism specifically. The discussion also reportedly touched on treatment of the press pool, the incoming administration's plan for the first 100 days, their plans for secretary of defense, and how Mitt Romney “really wants” to be secretary of state. Which, LOL Mitt, this looks like a set up.
Along with the reset there was also this classic Trump moment (via Politico):
The source said the meeting started with a typical Trump complaint about the “dishonest media,” and that they specifically singled out CNN and NBC News for example as “the worst.” They also complained about photos of themselves that NBC used that they found unflattering, the source said. Trump turned to NBC News President Deborah Turness at one point, the source said, and told them the network won't run a nice picture of him, instead choosing “this picture of me,” as they made a face with a double chin. Turness replied that they had a “very nice” picture of them on their website at the moment.
The Trump team reportedly included chief of staff Reince Priebus, former campaign manager Kellyanne Conway, chief strategist Stephen Bannon, son-in-law Jared Kushner, spokesperson Jason Miller, and the RNC's chief strategist Sean Spicer.
Seventy-one veterans of the US military are coming to Israel to spend ten days touring the country not in the customary tour bus - but on their own Harley-Davidson motorcycles.
The riders are participating in a mission entitled 'Hope for Israel', whose executive director, Paul Klassen, said: "There are many American veterans who are Christians and feel a great kinship to Israel and their veterans. This motorcycle missions are our way to show appreciation to fellow veterans."
The participants' bikes were shipped to Israel last month and during the trip participants will visit military bases, honor fallen soldiers and deliver $0.5 million worth of medical supplies donated by the organization's 'Hope For Israel Relief Fund' that also helps Holocaust survivors and Israel's needy.
The visit will take bikers from the Golan to Beersheba visiting much of Israel and its Christian holy places, and the trip's climax will be the epic bike ride from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem's Western Wall.
Seeing the group off at JFK, Israel's Tourism Commissioner, Haim Gutin (sporting a leather vest presented to them by Pastor Wes Alvarez of My Father's Vineyard in Pensacola, FL) said, "We are honored by your coming, and it will be a special treat for me to ride with you next week through Jerusalem, my home town."
Researchers in the US have successfully teleported information encoded into particles of light over 100 kilometres of optical fibre, smashing the previous distance record of 25 km.
That doesn't mean that matter was teleported, so we're no closer to being able to teleport people or objects (sorry guys), but this type of quantum teleportation could help to greatly improve the security and strength of Internet connections.
Researchers first proposed quantum teleportation around 20 years ago, and it relies on a phenomenon known as quantum entanglement, where two particles are inextricably linked, which means their states can only be defined by being the opposite of one another.
Because particles don't have a defined state until they're measured, this means that as soon as one particle is measured its state will be set, and this will instantly change the state of its entangled partner, even when they're separated by great distances, resulting in super-fast communication.
In the past, researchers have managed to teleport information encoded in photons over greater distances than this through free space, but this experiment used optical fibre, which means that their technique could potentially be used to create a quantum Internet network, using existing infrastructure.
The experiment itself is a little hard to explain, but thankfully the researchers from the US National Institute of Standard and Technology have outlined their method in this easy-to-digest infographic.
Let's break that down even further. So what happened is that the scientists created two entangled photons and sent one - the "output photon" - over 102 km of optical fibre.
They then determined the state of the other entangled "helper photon" by bouncing it off a photon that they already knew the state of. The 'state' of the photons in this case was whether they hit the detector 'early' or 'late' - a timeframe separated by only 1 nanosecond.
Once they'd worked out the state of the helper photon, they the knew the state of the output photon, and they used detectors on the other end to confirm this.
It's not a new experimental set-up, but what's different is that those detectors, which were made especially by the team to pick up single photons, allowed them to send the information further than ever before.
"Only about 1 percent of photons make it all the way through 100 km of fibre," one of the researchers, Marty Stevens, said in a press release. "We never could have done this experiment without these new detectors, which can measure this incredibly weak signal."
Before this, researchers would lose so much quantum data in optical fibres that they couldn't send information over more than 25 km.
So what does all of this mean for us playing along at home? This new teleportation technique could lead to devices call quantum repeaters. These would be like the repeaters we currently use in our networks, which receive a signal and then retransmit it at a higher level, to make our information travel around the whole world.
A quantum repeater would do the same thing, but with quantum information, and they could potentially extend the reach far enough to build an entire "quantum Internet", which would be faster, more efficient, and more secure than the networks we rely on today.
While we're still a long way off building a whole network made up of entangled light particles, it's a pretty great demonstration of the potential.
The results have been published in the journal Optica.
1 Use a very sharp knife when cutting onions. The enzymes are released when cells are broken or crushed; using a sharp knife slices through the onion rather than crushing and thus, fewer enzymes are released. Regardless of whether you employ different tactics too, use a sharp knife in every onion-cutting situation. It'll go that much quicker!
2 Chill the onions in the freezer for 10 to 15 minutes before cutting them. This reduces the amount of the acid enzyme released into the air and has zero effect on taste. This was found to be the most effective way to reduce tears by the television program Food Detectives. The fridge can do it, too; just make sure not to keep them next to apples or potatoes, or leave them in there for too long (20 minutes should do it) -- they can cause odors if you do. This reduces the amount of the acid enzyme released into the air and has zero effect on taste. This was found to beby the television program
3 Cut the onion underwater. This is an effective method, but the problem is that it's a bit difficult to maneuver. In the water, the onion bits go every where unless you hold onto them and then scooping them up and draining out the onion water and it can all just not be worth it if you don't execute it right. If you choose this method, plan out your attack beforehand. Some say to do it under running water, but this is a bit tricky, too, obviously. The gushing water makes everything go a little haywire in your hands. This is an effective method, but the problem is that it's a bit difficult to maneuver. In the water, the onion bits go every where unless you hold onto them and then scooping them up and draining out the onion water and it can all just not be worth it if you don't execute it right. If you choose this method, plan out your attack beforehand.
4 Cut the onion near hot running water or a cloud of steam. Steam from a kettle or pan of water will do the trick. The science here is that the steam will draw out the vapors from the onion, dissipating them.
5 Breathe through your mouth and stick your tongue out. This draws the gas over your wet tongue. The olfactory nerves, which are closely located to the tear duct nerves, will be by bypassed and there will be no tears generated. This is easily confirmed when you forget and breathe through your nose. Instant tears!
6 Soaks the onion in water. The enzyme is denatured by the water-air boundary. However, do know that this eliminates some flavor and that the onion is a little more slippery than normal (making it harder to deal with). If milder onions are okay for you, give this method a shot.
7 Point your knife away from the tubes. Because onion "flesh" is tubular in construction, pointing the tubes away from you while cutting will keep the onion from spraying in your eyes. Of course, a breeze of any kind can send the fine, misty spray toward your eyes, so pay attention to air currents too. Turn that fan on -- and point it in the right direction! Because onion "flesh" is tubular in construction, pointing the tubes away from you while cutting will keep the onion from spraying in your eyes.
8 Whistles while you work. Whistling makes a significant airflow, specifically away from your face, which keeps the onion mist away from your eyes. Just pick a catchy tune that you won't want to stop whistling and you can cut as many onions as you need.
A recent study published by researchers from Tufts University's School of Arts and sciences and Harvard Business School, whites are more likely than blacks to believe that they are victims of racism. The researchers conducted a national sample of 209 whites and 208 blacks, with the purpose determining to what extent racial discrimination has changed in each decade from the 1950s to the 2000s. Both races agreed that that there was very little racism against whites in the 1950s and a great deal of racism against blacks in the same decade, with both races likewise agreeing that racism has subsided a great deal in the decades following, with whites believing that racism has subsided more than blacks.
Interestingly enough, white participants in the study believed that decrease in racism against blacks was positively correlated with an increase in racism against whites. White participants were even more likely to say that bias against whites was more prevalent in thte 2000s than discrimination against blacks, with 11 percent of whites providing a maximum rating of 10, on a scale measuring perceived discrimination against oneself from 1 to 0, as opposed to only 2 percent of whites who rated racism against blacks at 10. While blacks did oftentimes note an increase in racism against whites, the increase was modest compared to whites.
Tony Romo‘s 2015 campaign was cut short due to injuries. They broke their left collarbone against the Philadelphia Eagles in Week 2 and was sidelined until Week 11 against the Miami Dolphins. In the following game against the Carolina Panthers, they re-injured their shoulder getting sacked ending their season. During the season, Romo threw 121 passes completing 68.6% of them for 884 yards (7.3 ypa), 5 touchdowns, and 7 interceptions. In this series, we will take a look at their touchdowns in a detailed stat breakdown on the first page, then take a look at some of their touchdowns using All-22 film on the second page to see the general trends of how they scored. In the following article, I will take a look at their interceptions to make a similar comparison and see how they can improve in the future.
Please take a look at the other articles I have written about them here, the Dallas Cowboys, or their touchdowns and interceptions from the 2014 season.
Touchdowns by Distance
First, we will take a look at their touchdowns by distance. Note: This chart is directly created by the distance from the line of scrimmage to the endzone. For example, a screen pass at the line of scrimmage that goes for 16+ yard score will count as “Deep”.
Deep (16+ yards) 2 Medium (6-15 yards) 1 Short (0-5 yards) 2
Touchdown Location
The next table breaks down more accurately where the ball was actually caught. As such, the totals could be different from the table above.
Deep Left Deep Middle Deep Right 1 0 1 Medium Left Medium Middle Medium Right 0 1 0 Short Left Short Middle Short Right 1 1 0
Touchdowns by Quarter
The following table breaks down their touchdowns by quarter.
1st 0 2nd 1 3rd 1 4th 3 OT 0
Touchdowns by Receiver
Here are the recipients of their touchdown passes during the 2015 NFL season.
Touchdowns by Route
The next table breaks down the touchdowns by route thrown. Similar routes were combined together based on the distance and type of pass.
Go/Deep Fade 1 Hitch/Comeback 1 In 1 Out/Flat/Quick-Out 1 Post/Corner 1
On the next page we will take a look at a few of their touchdown passes to illustrate how they scored. These plays were selected based on: (1) interesting play design, (2) excellent performance by a particular player (QB or target), and/or (3) general theme of the team in a given redzone situation.
Housing Minister Phil Twyford, left, has decided not to restructure Housing New Zealand.
Housing New Zealand will not be restructured into a Government department, as Labour promised during the election.
Labour Housing Minister Phil Twyford said in Government they have realised that the social housing provider is already moving in the right direction, and that a restructured could just end up slowing things down.
The state social housing provider is currently run as crown entity, housing 64,500 families.
"Housing New Zealand is full of people who are motivated by the best of intentions," Twyford said.
READ MORE: What's a new state house really like? Tāmaki introduces the prototype
"It's about being pragmatic."
Since taking over Twyford had been impressed by two strains of work: better tenant care and rapid house construction.
"We are developing a new approach to the Housing New Zealand landlord role, based on the idea of sustaining tenancies and taking a more compassionate approach."
In practice, this has meant a recent loosening of the rules around pets so that tenants can own dogs and cats.
"Pets can be incredibly important to people and their quality of life, and HNZ has had a pretty tough policy in the past - where owning a dog was an exception not the rule. We are flipping that around."
There has also been a shifting of attitudes when it came to methamphetamine.
"The first reaction now to meth consumption is not to make them homeless by kicking them out but to treat them for addiction."
"That's really about recognising that state house tenants in some cases have complicated lives. A good landlord does everything it can to sustain people's tenancies and not end them."
Twyford said they were surprised to find that many Housing New Zealand employees were already doing pastoral care work with their tenants outside of work hours. They want to see this tenant care work become a part of the main job.
The other strain of work Twyford does not want to slow down is Housing New Zealand's rapid construction programme, run out of the corporation and a subsidiary which built Hobsonville Point.
"They have really been gearing up for this challenge and have developed impressive capacity," Twyford said.
"It's a priority for us that they continue that work with all possible speed."
Twyford didn't rule restructuring the body at a later date, but this wouldn't be in the short to medium term.
The decision was made by Cabinet on Monday and Twyford was keen for staff to not have a restructured hanging over them through Christmas.
The commitment to reinvest any surplus Housing New Zealand generates in more housing rather than taking a dividend remained.
National's housing spokesperson Michael Woodhouse said this was "yet another backtrack from Labour."
"They were warned at the time that restructuring Housing NZ would only slow down house building, not speed it up."
"It's become more and more obvious that Labour's house building plan involves doing exactly what the National Government was doing."
With the way the Hurricanes compensated Victor Rask this off-season, my bet is that they anticipated they were locking down a second-line center for the long term. After all, Rask's first two seasons in the league saw them put up 33 and 48 points. That sort of trajectory certainly puts them safely above the status of being a third line center, but there were basically two ways it could have played out. If that 48-point season was representative of their true offensive ceiling, that would likely mean that Rask would have a career as a slightly above average second-line center.
On the other hand, it really isn't all that far-fetched that Rask's production would improve from what it was in their age 22 seasons. Were that to happen, Rask's 6 year, 24 million dollar deal would quickly become one of the best contracts in the entire league. It's early yet, but it looks like Rask may be blossoming into that legitimate first line center that the ‘Canes have been seeking since the decline of Eric Staal began a few years back, and Rask is taking an entire line with him.
A New First Line
Now, the obvious disclaimer here is that this season is very, very young, and we're dealing with small sample sizes. However, the ‘Canes first line of Jeff Skinner, Rask, and Lee Stempniak has been among the elite groupings in the league so far. Their league wide rankings as a unit are beyond impressive. According to corsica.hockey and among three-forward lines that have spent at least 30 minutes together so far, the grouping ranks 4th in the NHL in corsi for percentage (61.73), 5th in the league in shots on goal for percentage (61.90), and an astounding 1st in the league in expected goals for percentage (69.24)
That delta between their shots on goal for percentage and expected goals for percentage indicates that they're also doing a fantastic job of driving shot quality. The fact that it is expected that their goals for percentage would outperform their shots for percentage by so much essentially means that the shots that they're generating are of a much higher quality than the shots that they're allowing.
It's been awhile since the Hurricanes have had a first line as dominant as the advanced numbers point to this one being. Last season, Corsica had the Versteeg - E. Staal - Lindholm line as the ‘Canes regular grouping, with an expected goals share of 58.49%. The Nordstrom - J.Staal - Nestrasil unit that garnered so much praise last season checked in at 54.4%. In 2014-2015, it was the Staal - Staal - Lindholm unit that was rather dominant with a rather awesome 61.82%.
However, it's one thing to be expected to outscore the opposition when a certain line is on the ice. It's an entirely separate thing to be able to actually outscore the other team. Take a look at the list of those players who have been on this strong line for the Hurricanes lately. You have the Staal brothers, but Eric's finishing ability has been on a steep decline, and Jordan's never really been an elite scorer. Lindholm and Versteeg are both solid forwards, but both are more known for their distributive abilities than their scoring acumens. Finally, there's Nordstrom and Nestrasil, each of whom are very solid checking line wingers, but that's about it.
You may have noticed that this is the first time in the Peters era that Skinner has actually been on a line that is dominant both on the spreadsheets and on the scoreboard. If you look around at the league, any truly elite line possesses both the ability to generate chances and the skill to convert those chances into goals. Last season, the Penguins spent a lot of time icing a top line of Chris Kunitz, Sidney Crosby, and Patric Hornqvist. That group posted an xGF% of 63.05%. They ended up actually outscoring their opponents 33-10 (!!!) while they were on the ice.
The point here is that possession (represented by CF%) is great, and it's very important and conducive to winning hockey games. Even more important than possession is quality possession (represented by xGF%). To turn that quality possession into quality outcomes, it's necessary that the proper amount of skill is on the ice. With Rask looking more and more like a legitimate first line center every day, Skinner continuing to pound the back of the net with regularity, and Stempniak continuing their long career of being an extremely quiet yet highly effective brand of hockey, it looks like the Hurricanes have all the ingredients in place to have their first elite top line in quite some time.
19th-century miner pouring material from a stream bed into a rocker box , which when rocked back and forth will help to separate gold dust from the sand and gravel
Placer mining[1] [2] is the mining of stream bed (alluvial) deposits for minerals. This may be done by open-pit (also called open-cast mining) or by various surface excavating equipment or tunnelling equipment.
Placer mining is frequently used for precious metal deposits (particularly gold) and gemstones, both of which are often found in alluvial deposits—deposits of sand and gravel in modern or ancient stream beds, or occasionally glacial deposits. The metal or gemstones, having been moved by stream flow from an original source such as a vein, are typically only a minuscule portion of the total deposit. Since gems and heavy metals like gold are considerably denser than sand, they tend to accumulate at the base of placer deposits.
It is important to note that placer deposits can be as young as a few years old, such as the Canadian Queen Charlotte beach gold placer deposits, or billions of years old like the Elliott Lake uranium paleoplacer within the Huronian Supergroup in Canada.[3]
The containing material in an alluvial placer mine may be too loose to safely mine by tunnelling, though it is possible where the ground is permanently frozen. Where water under pressure is available, it may be used to mine, move, and separate the precious material from the deposit, a method known as hydraulic mining, hydraulic sluicing or hydraulicking.
Etymology [ edit ]
The word placer derives from the Spanish placer, meaning shoal or alluvial/sand deposit, from Catalan placer, (shoal), from plassa, (place) from Medieval Latin placea (place) the origin word for "place" and "plaza" in English.[4] The word in Spanish is thus ultimately derived from placea and refers directly to an alluvial or glacial deposit of sand or gravel.
History [ edit ]
De re metallica Plate depicting placer mining from the 1556 book
Placers supplied most of the gold for a large part of the ancient world. Hydraulic mining methods such as hushing were used widely by the Romans across their empire, but especially in the gold fields of northern Spain after its conquest by Augustus in 25 BC. One of the largest sites was at Las Médulas, where seven 30 mile long aqueducts were used to work the alluvial gold deposits through the first century AD. (Inclusions of platinum-group metals in a very large proportion of gold items indicate that the gold was largely derived from placer or alluvial deposits. Platinum group metals are seldom found with gold in hardrock reef or vein deposits.)
In North America, placer mining was famous in the context of several gold rushes, particularly the California Gold Rush and the Colorado Gold Rush, the Fraser Canyon Gold Rush and the Klondike Gold Rush.
Placer mining continues in many areas of the world as a source of diamonds, industrial minerals and metals, gems (in Myanmar and Sri Lanka), platinum, and of gold (in Yukon, Alaska and British Columbia).
Deposits [ edit ]
An area well protected from the flow of water is a great location to find gold. Gold is very dense and is often found in a stream bed. Many different gold deposits are dealt with in different ways. Placer deposits attract many prospectors because their costs are very low. There are many different places gold could be placed, such as a residual, alluvial, and a bench deposit.
Residual [ edit ]
Residual deposits are more common where there has been weathering on rocks and where there hasn't been water. They are deposits which have not been washed away yet or been moved. The residual usually lies at the site of the lode. This type of deposit undergoes rock weathering.
Alluvial [ edit ]
Alluvial or eluvial deposits sometimes have the largest gold deposit and are very common. This deposit is created when a force of nature moves or washes the gold away, but it doesn't go into a stream bed. It contains pieces of ore that have been washed away from the lode. Alluvial deposits are the most common type of placer gold. This type of deposit occurs mostly in valleys.
Bench [ edit ]
Bench deposits are created when gold reaches a stream bed. Gold accumulations in an old stream bed that are high are called bench deposits. They can be found on higher slopes that drain into valleys. Dry stream beds (benches) can be situated far from other water sources and can sometimes be found on mountain tops. Today, many miners focus their activities on bench deposits.
Methods [ edit ]
A number of methods are used to mine placer gold and gems, both in terms of extracting the minerals from the ground, and separating it from the non-gold or non-gems.
Panning [ edit ]
Panning for gold in Korea , c. 1900
The simplest technique to extract gold from placer ore is panning. This technique has been dated back to at least the Roman Empire.[5] In panning, some mined ore is placed in a large metal or plastic pan, combined with a generous amount of water, and agitated so that the gold particles, being of higher density than the other material, settle to the bottom of the pan. The lighter gangue material such as sand, mud and gravel are then washed over the side of the pan, leaving the gold behind. Once a placer deposit is located by gold panning, the miner usually shifts to equipment that can treat volumes of sand and gravel more quickly and efficiently. Gold panning was commonly used on its own during the California gold rush,[6] however it is now rarely used for profit since even an expert gold prospector can only process approximately one cubic yard of material for every 10 hours of work.[7]
Rocker [ edit ]
A rocker box (or "cradle") is capable of greater volume than a gold pan, however its production is still limited when compared to other methods of placer mining. It is only capable of processing about 3 or 4 yards of gravel a day.[7] It is more portable and requires less infrastructure than a sluice box, being fed not by a sluice but by hand. The box sits on rockers, which when rocked separates out the gold, and the practice was referred to as "rocking the golden baby". A typical rocker box is approximately 42 inches long, 16 inches wide and 12 inches long with a removable tray towards the top, where gold is placed.[8] The rocker was commonly used throughout North America during the early gold rush, but its popularity diminished as other methods that could handle a larger volume became more common.[7]
Sluice box [ edit ]
Riffles in a sluice box. The small specks are gold, the larger ones are merely pebbles
A modern sluice box made of metal; in its base are the riffles used to catch gold settling to the bottom
The same principle may be employed on a larger scale by constructing a short sluice box, with barriers along the bottom called riffles to trap the heavier gold particles as water washes them and the other material along the box. This method better suits excavation with shovels or similar implements to feed ore into the device. Sluice boxes can be as short as a few feet, or more than ten feet (a common term for one that is over six feet +/- is a "Long Tom"). While they are capable of handling a larger volume of material than simpler methods such as the rocker box or gold panning, this can come at the cost of efficiency, since conventional sluice boxes have been found to recover only about 40% of the gold that they process.[9]
The sluice box was used extensively during the California gold rush for larger scale operations. When streams became increasingly depleted, the grizzly and undercurrent variants of the sluice box were developed. The grizzly is a set of parallel bars placed at a 45-degree angle over the main sluice box, which filter out larger material. The undercurrent variety includes additional, auxiliary sluice boxes where material is initially filtered. It then travels through a trough into the primary sluice box where it is filtered again. Both the grizzly and undercurrent are designed to increase efficiency, and were often used in combination.[7]
Dry washing [ edit ]
Sluicing is only effective in areas where there is a sufficient water supply, and is impractical in arid areas. Alternative methods developed that used the blowing of air to separate out gold from sand. One of the more common methods of dry washing is the Mexican dry wash. This method involves placing gravel on a riffle board with a bellows placed underneath it. The bellows is then used to blow air through the board in order to remove the lighter material from the heavier gold.[10] The amount of gravel that can be processed using the Mexican dry wash technique varies from 1 1/2 to 4 cubic yards per day, and can be processed at a maximum efficiency of 80%.[11] Another form of dry washing is "winnowing". This method was most commonly used by Spanish miner in America, and only requires a blanket and a box with a screen on the bottom. The material is first filtered through the box so only the finer material is placed onto the blanket. The material on the blanket is then flung into the air so that any breeze can blow away the lighter material and leave the gold behind. While this method is extremely simple and requires very few materials, it is also slow and inefficient.[7]
Trommel [ edit ]
A trommel is composed of a slightly-inclined rotating metal tube (the 'scrubber section') with a screen at its discharge end. Lifter bars, sometimes in the form of bolted in angle iron, are attached to the interior of the scrubber section. The ore is fed into the elevated end of the trommel. Water, often under pressure, is provided to the scrubber and screen sections and the combination of water and mechanical action frees the valuable minerals from the ore. The mineral bearing ore that passes through the screen is then further concentrated in smaller devices such as sluices and jigs. The larger pieces of ore that do not pass through the screen can be carried to a waste stack by a conveyor.
Gold dredge [ edit ]
The Natomas No. 6 gold dredge in operation in 1958 in Folsom, California
Large-scale sifting of placer gold from large volumes of alluvial deposits can be done by use of mechanical dredges.These dredges were originally very large boats capable of processing massive amounts of material, however as the gold has become increasingly depleted in the most easily accessible areas, smaller and more maneuverable dredges have become much more common.[7] These smaller dredges commonly operate by sucking water and gravel up through long hoses using a pump, where the gold can then be separated using more traditional methods such as a sluice box.[7]
Underground mining [ edit ]
Miners using jets of steam to melt the permafrost in an underground gold mine
In areas where the ground is permanently frozen, such as in Siberia, Alaska, and the Yukon, placer deposits may be mined underground.[12] As the frozen ground is otherwise too hard and firm to mine by hand, historically fires were built so as to thaw the ground before digging it.[12] Later methods involve blasting jets of steam ("points") into the frozen deposits.
Environmental effects [ edit ]
Although this procedure is not required, the process water may be continuously recycled and the ore from which the sought-after minerals have been extracted ("the tailings") can be reclaimed. While these recycling and reclamation processes are more common in modern placer mining operations they are still not universally done.
In earlier times the process water was not generally recycled and the spent ore was not reclaimed. The remains of a Roman alluvial gold mine at Las Médulas are so spectacular as to justify the site being designated UNESCO World Heritage status. The methods used by the Roman miners are described by Pliny the Elder in their work Naturalis Historia published in about 77 AD. The author was a Procurator in the region and so probably witnessed large-scale hydraulic mining of the placer deposits there. They also added that the local lake Curacado had been heavily silted by the mining methods.
Environmental activists describe the hydraulic mining form of placer mining as environmentally destructive because of the large amounts of silt that it adds to previously clear running streams (also known as the "Dahlonega Method").[13] Most placer mines today use settling ponds, if only to ensure that they have sufficient water to run their sluicing operations.
In California, from 1853 to 1884, "hydraulicking" of placers removed an enormous amount of material from the gold fields, material that was carried downstream and raised the level of portions of the Central Valley by some seven feet in affected areas and settled in long bars up to 20 feet thick in parts of San Francisco Bay. The process raised an opposition calling themselves the "Anti-Debris Association". In January 1884, the North Bloomfield Mining and Gravel Company case banned the flushing of debris into streams, and the hydraulic mining mania in California's gold country came to an end.[citation needed]
Examples [ edit ]
The Witwatersrand Basin in South Africa is an example of a placer deposit, as it is a 3 billion-year-old, alluvial sedimentary basin containing at least 70 ore minerals. [14]
The Klondike Gold Rush began in 1896 when nuggets of gold were found in the Klondike region of Alaska and the Canadian Yukon. The nuggets were found in running water, making the Klondike Gold deposit an alluvial placer mining deposit, which it soon became when 30,000 gold-seekers trekked the region.[15]
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Assembling California, by John McPhee, published 1993 by Farrar, Straus and Giroux, New Jersey
Further reading [ edit ]
It's been easy to overlook some of the innovations coming out of the RepRap community as of late.
Between regular MakerBot releases and announcements for new types of printers like the B9 Creator and Form 1, as well as a steady stream of big company announcements, the system that helped launch the home 3-D printer market has been a bit overshadowed. A couple new machines deserve attention though, offering unique features that the more mainstream devices don't have.
One of those printers is the $699 Portabee ($480 unassembled), based on the RepRap Wallace, which brings low cost and portability to the 3-D printing market.
Overall, the specs are what you would expect in a low-cost machine. A 120x120x120 mm (4.75 inches) build volume makes it competitive with other printers in its price class, but is still less than half the volume of the new MakerBot Replicator 2. The heated build platform helps prevent model warping during print jobs, but the bare-bones case design also increases the chance of accidental burns and damage during transport. The Portabee uses 3 mm filament and a 0.5 mm extruder nozzle — both good specs, but moving toward obsolescence with higher-resolution 1.75 mm filament and 0.4 mm nozzles becoming more widespread.
Don't call it the iPrint Air, but Portabee is aiming for a super-portable design. Photo: Portabee
While the Portabee might not lead the market in most categories, it is definitely among the most portable. Daniel Warner, one of the project creators, says, "Just a simple thing like taking it to your friends place to demonstrate an actual 3-D print is really convenient. During the engineering phase we did have the option of producing another big, lumbering 3-D printer, but we grew more attached to the concept of portability and minimalism as we progressed." Their goal was achieved — not only does the machine weigh in at a paltry 6.2 pounds, it also folds down flat.
Another option for the budget- and space-constrained comes from PrintrBot. The $399 PrintrBot Jr is a kit-based system that has been stripped down to the bare minimum — it only prints PLA plastics and has a plywood build platform, but is an accessible option for children.
The case might be a bit rustic for James Bond, but the 3-D printer inside is Q-worthy. Photo: PrintrBot
The $1,499 PrintrBot Go has more impressive base specs — 200x185x150 mm build area (339 cubic inches compared to 410 cubic inches for the MakerBot Replicator 2). The base unit is limited to 3 mm PLA filament, but can print ABS with an upgrade to a Printrbot heated bed. What really sets this printer apart is its integrated "spy-worthy" attaché case.
Both solutions lack the polish of the FoldaRap, but stand apart from that machine by being available in kit or fully assembled form, not just a list of parts to be purchased.
If you're looking for a lightweight way to get started with 3-D printing but don't want to drop $2,000 on a Makerbot, these might be just what you need.
Attempts to quantify Obamacare's effect on health coverage have focused on how many new Obamacare enrollees were previously uninsured. But that misses a big part of the story. In addition to making insurance more affordable and accessible to those who didn't have coverage before, Obamacare should reduce the number of people who become uninsured in the first place, after losing a job and benefits, for example.
Insurance status changes like this all of the time, a phenomenon known by health wonks as "churn". Between 2004 and 2005, for example, the insurance rate stayed roughly the same.
But that also masks a change in health insurance status for lots and lots of people. About 10 million people became uninsured from 2004 to 2005, John A. Graves, a professor of health policy at Vanderbilt University, found. That was mostly offset by people who were uninsured finding sources of coverage during the same year.
This type of churning out of insurance coverage is likely to happen less under health reform. New rules preventing insurers from refusing to cover people with pre-existing conditions, subsidized coverage on the insurance exchanges, and the Medicaid expansion — in states that chose to expand — all make insurance more accessible to people when they lose coverage they had.
People will still move between types of insurance, but fewer people should become uninsured, which will play a part in reducing the uninsured rate over time.
"There was churn everywhere in the health system," says Larry Levitt, a vice president at the Kaiser Family Foundation. "Some of that will still happen, but I think it will be minimized."
This is a more subtle effect of Obamacare, and it'll take longer to suss out the full extent of the law's effect.
"It's too early to know how successful the ACA is going to be at reducing churn, because it depends a lot on people's behavior," Levitt said. "But there's the potential to change the culture of health insurance. It's possible that once we get people into the insurance system, they'll be less likely to leave when their circumstances change."
Robert Anton Wilson on Blowback, Anarchy, and Optimism
The following interview with Robert Anton Wilson was conducted in 2002. It's Part 3 of a 4-Part series.
It took place after the publication of Wilson's most overtly political tract, TSOG: The Thing That Ate the Constiution. (TSOG stands for Tsarist Occupation Government.) Among the topics discussed in this segment: 9/11 and Pearl Harbor as blowback from American Empire; the “despised” (aka revisionist) historians Wilson was warned by high school teachers not to read (Harry Elmer Barnes, Charles Beard and James J. Martin); libertarianism, anarchism and contract-based societies; Wilson's favorite anarchist influences (Tucker, Tolstoy and Kropotkin); globalization, corporatization and the transformative potential of the internet; and how Wilson remains optimistic despite never-ending war.
Most intriguing to me was Wilson's assertion that they sometimes identified as a libertarian only because most people don't understand anarchism. They assume anarchy means “throwing bombs,” they say. Wilson's (anti)political self-identification varied after their outwardly anarchist period during the 60s and 70s. In one interview from the early 80s, Wilson says:
I'm a libertarian because I don't trust the people as much as anarchists do. I want to see government limited as much as possible; I would like to see it reduced back to where it was in Jefferson's time, or even smaller. But I would not like to see it abolished.
It's refreshing to hear Wilson getting back to their radical roots in their latter years.
It's also worth noting that by 2002, Wilson was suffering from the symptoms of Post-polio syndrome, a condition that plagues polio survivors years after their initial bout with the virus. Wilson nonetheless manages to maintain their characteristic wit and humor despite battling great physical pain, which they say in Part 4 of the interview was only managed through their use of marijuana.
The clip is about 15 minutes in length.
“The Obama administration has now adopted the strategy of using citizenship as a weapon,” the statement attributed to Mr. Snowden said. “Although I am convicted of nothing, it has unilaterally revoked my passport, leaving me a stateless person. Without any judicial order, the administration now seeks to stop me exercising a basic right. A right that belongs to everybody. The right to seek asylum.”
A later post, which appeared early Tuesday on the WikiLeaks Web site, said that Sarah Harrison, the group's legal adviser in the Snowden matter, had “submitted by hand a number of requests for asylum and asylum assistance on behalf” of Mr. Snowden to 19 countries. They were listed as Austria, Bolivia, Brazil, China, Cuba, Finland, France, Germany, India, Italy, Ireland, the Netherlands, Nicaragua, Norway, Poland, Russia, Spain, Switzerland and Venezuela.
The post said the requests, which “outline the risks of persecution Mr. Snowden faces in the United States,” were delivered to an official at the Russian Consulate at the Moscow airport where, according to Russian officials, Mr. Snowden is ensconced in an international transit lounge, trying to determine their next step, and has technically not entered Russian territory. It said the consulate had started delivering the requests to the relevant embassies in Moscow.
The statement on Monday attributed to Mr. Snowden appeared to be the first direct word from them about their predicament since their flight to Moscow from Hong Kong on June 23 despite an American request to the Hong Kong authorities to arrest Mr. Snowden, who is accused of violating espionage laws. Their disclosures have embarrassed the Obama administration and caused tensions with other countries, including China, Russia and European Union members.
Mr. Snowden, 30, has still not been publicly seen in Russia, and there was no way to immediately verify that they had made the statement attributed to him.
Share. Hear the difference for yourself. Hear the difference for yourself.
Microsoft has detailed the changes made to Xbox Live voice chat for Xbox One, revealing a much-improved level of audio quality.
As convenient as Xbox Live voice chat could be on Xbox 360, allowing players to chat with each other regardless of what they were playing or doing, the audio quality has never been great. Microsoft plans to change that on Xbox One by making use of Skype's audio codec and having dedicated audio processing for both multiplayer voice chat and Skype conversations on Xbox One.
Exit Theatre Mode
Today's announcement also points to the Xbox One controller's expansion port and the system's new headset as part of the reason for the enhanced audio quality. As mentioned previously, thanks to this new technology, speech is captured and rendered at 24 KHz PCM, a 50% boost over the capture rate seen with Xbox 360 headsets.
Microsoft offered up a demonstration of what this actually means in practice with two short clips: one played back at the quality level on Xbox 360, and one at the level on Xbox One. You can listen for yourself below or on Xbox Wire. The difference is very noticeable, and, provided this is an accurate representation of what gamers can expect to hear for themselves on Xbox One, they should be in for a much better voice chat experience than on Xbox 360.
These changes won't be available to Xbox 360 owners in any way due to the fact that, as Microsoft's Marc Whitten told IGN, Xbox One and Xbox 360 users are unable to voice chat with each other. They can, however, exchange text messages.
The new and improved -- albeit familiar-looking -- Xbox One Chat Headset will cost $24.99 upon release. Despite Microsoft initially planning to make the headset available only as a separate purchase, every Xbox One will ship with a headset included.
Chris Pereira is a freelance writer who frequently regrets wearing a headset while playing games online. Check out what he's saying on Twitter and follow them on IGN.
Dead Sea Salt Formations
The Dead Sea's salinity of 33.7 percent makes it 8.6 times saltier than the ocean. Bordering Israel, the West Bank and Jordan, it is 423m below sea level, making it the lowest place on land on Earth. A tourist hotspot for millennia, more than 1m visitors a year visit on the Israeli & Palestinian side alone. The view from the shore is one thing, but from the air, the sheer strangeness of the salt formations in and around the lake become readily apparent. Photos by Baz Ratner, of Reuters, and others.
Photos of cool miniatures seen at NY Comic-Con Boing Boing reader Michael Matise shot some wonderful photographs of miniatures and models at New York Comic-Con 2013, and shared them in the Boing Boing Flickr Pool. A few are below. Here's the whole set. Michael tells us more about the photos below. READ THE REST
The modded musical Game Boys of Blip Festival I'm at Blip Festival in New York this weekend checking out all the bleeps and bloops people are making. Blip Festival itself starts tonight, but last night NY Pulsewave had an open mic night and I decided to grab a few of the artists to photograph their instruments: mostly custom modified Game Boys. I've included […] READ THE REST
Daniel Pinkwater's Mrs Noodlekugel, a kids' story that's as silly and pleasurable as ice-cream Daniel Pinkwater, a much-loved living treasure of children's literature, has a new book out today. It's called Mrs Noodlekugel and it is a simple, silly pleasure that feels like the end-product of a lifetime of telling children's stories, carefully removing all the elements that are extraneous to young readers' enjoyment until nothing but the essentials […] READ THE REST
Get certified online in machine learning and data science As big companies wrangle an ever-increasing amount of data, the applications for deep learning grow – and so do the job opportunities. If you've got a working knowledge of Python, all you need are the tools to start making data work for you. Get up to speed on the science and code behind the field […] READ THE REST
Listen to vinyl anywhere with this extremely portable record player Anyone who really listens to vinyl knows the medium is far from dead. But convincing others of its appeal can be an uphill battle. For one thing, there's the gear: A quality record player takes up a lot more space than, say, a smartphone packed with thousands of streaming songs at the ready. But here's […] READ THE REST
Connelly: Chinese-Americans call out Cary Moon for blaming foreign buyers
less Seattle mayoral candidate Cary Moon: Chinese-America leaders are worried about their call for a "targeted tax" on foreign, non-resident and corporate home buyers -- worried that it will be "xenophobic and discriminatory," and evoke a "dark legacy" of Seattle's past. Seattle mayoral candidate Cary Moon: Chinese-America leaders are worried about their call for a "targeted tax" on foreign, non-resident and corporate home buyers -- worried that it will be "xenophobic and ... more Photo: GENNA MARTIN, SEATTLEPI.COM Photo: GENNA MARTIN, SEATTLEPI.COM Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Connelly: Chinese-Americans call out Cary Moon for blaming foreign buyers 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Leaders of Seattle's Chinese-American community, in a letter released Friday, are calling out mayoral candidate Cary Moon.
They are worried that a "targeted tax" or "foreign buyers tax" would be "xenophobic and discriminatory," singling out Chinese buyers -- in other words, a racial profiling from the city's political left.
In the bilingual letter, signed by prominent businesses, they singled out Moon, who has speculated about "targeted taxes" that would be directed at foreign, non-resident and corporate buyers of homes in the Emerald City.
A "foreign buyers tax," the Chinese-Americans said, would "deepen troubling and long-standing false stereotypes of Asian and Chinese people here in Seattle," while doing "little or nothing" to solve housing problems.
Although personal wealth has fueled their run for Seattle mayor, Moon is conducting a populist campaign.
They have explicitly refrained from using the phrase "foreign buyers tax." Moon has, however, talked of "targeted taxes or other mechanisms to deter corporate and non-resident real estate speculation."
"Part of what's escalating prices is the fact that our housing is being traded as a commodity in the global economy. We need to figure that dynamic, how it's working and block that activity," Moon said in a recent Chinese Radio Seattle interview.
The Chinese-American leaders' particular concern is a recent article co-authored by Moon and Charles Mudede of The Stranger. It explicitly singled out Chinese buyers for the real estate tsunami that has hit Vancouver, B.C., in recent years.
The Moon-Mudede piece stated:
"This flow of Chinese money is looking for the next housing market, and it appears that Seattle and California cities are the emerging targets."
The authors citied an article in The Guardian to warn about the motives and tactics of Chinese buyers. Moon and Mudede wrote:
"Their analysis expects the flow of money from China for the next five years to double what it has been the last five. And what is critical to note, again, is that this money is not being invested in productive enterprises --- nearly 90 percent of the money is being used to purchase homes.
"These purchasers aren't breaking any laws. The problem is the reckless exploitation of the home market."
Such language evokes the "Hongcouver" criticism in Vancouver directed at buyers from across the Pacific dominating the real estate market. A raft of complaints has singled out "monster houses" and the cutting of trees in such neighborhoods as Little Mountain and Shaughnessy, and land being purchased for speculation.
The Chinese-American leaders in Seattle have taken a cue from the Moon-Mudede article.
"Even after Vancouver imposed a 'foreign buyers tax' of the sort that Moon advocates, housing prices there have continued to rise," they said. "Experts say the primary reasons that housing prices are rising here is that Seattle is growing rapidly, and demand for housing is outpacing supply."
They are worried that race will rear its ugly head in the Emerald City's housing debate.
Twice in the 1960s, despite broad, bipartisan urging, Washington voters refused to repeal an alien-land law directed at curbing foreign ownership. The law was finally repealed by voters in 1966.
A buyers' tax, argued the Chinese-American leaders, "would plan into negative perception of Asians that unfortunately constitute a dark part of Seattle's past.
"Given that dark legacy, and the current environment where President Trump has repeatedly expressed negative attitudes toward foreigners generally, and towards China and the Chinese specifically, we think attempts to blame Seattle's problems on outsiders, and the idea of a 'foreign buyers tax,' sends the wrong signal that Seattle may not be the welcoming, diverse and progressive city that we all believe it is to be."
They urged candidates and elected officials to get through the November election and deal with the housing problem without singling out for blame "people on a basis of their racial and national origin."
The letter's signers included such groups as the Chinese American Chamber of Commerce, Green Leaf Restaurant, China Harbor Restaurant, the WPI Investment Group, NW Wushu Academi and others.
Moon, in their Chinese Radio Seattle interview, said:
"I commit to listening, collaborating and to working with communities that have been left out, like those in Chinatown and the International District. ... We can create an affordable housing market where everyone who wants to live here and work here can stay."
Both they and Senator Nash intervened to pull down the website, even though it had been in development for two years and was approved by state and territory food ministers. Senator Nash made a late-night statement to the Senate on Tuesday to reveal Mr Furnival had a "shareholding" in lobbying outfit Australian Public Affairs, which is run by their wife Tracey Cain. Senator Nash had previously stated they had "no connection" to the junk food industry. But company documents lodged with the corporate regulator and revealed by Fairfax Media and News Corp on Saturday indicate Mr Furnival is in fact the co-owner of the company, through a parent company, Strategic Issues Management, which they own with their wife. Ms King said the reports demanded "an immediate explanation".
"The Prime Minister needs to clarify whether they believe there has been a prima facie breach of the Statement of Ministerial Standards by Senator Nash and clarify their office's role in the employment of Senator Nash's former chief of staff," they said. "If this conflict of interest was known, serious questions are raised about why this conflict was not resolved earlier. "Senator Nash must make a full explanation of what their knowledge of this conflict was and explain why they misled the Senate on multiple occasions. Senator Nash must also explain why they chose not to make reasonable inquiries as to whether this conflict had been resolved before they made no declaration to the ministerial council meeting they chaired in December last year." Fairfax Media understands that the Prime Minister's office was aware of Mr Furnival's connection with Australian Public Affairs, but had expected them to divest themselves of the shareholding. It is understood that Mr Furnival's proposed appointment was held up by the Prime Minister's chief of staff, Peta Credlin, due to concerns over their background and commercial interests. A source revealed there was a level of frustration within the Prime Minister's inner circle over Mr Furnival, which had led to their initial appointment being temporary and subject to adequate performance. However, their appointment was eventually confirmed without any attempt to ensure they had cut their ties to the lobbying firm.
Until two days ago Australian Public Affairs was listed on the federal lobbyists' register as representing the Australian Beverages Council and Mondelez Australia, which owns the Kraft peanut butter, Cadbury and Oreo brands, among others. It is still listed on state and territory registers as representing those companies, and others including Red Bull. On Tuesday night Senator Nash told the Senate: "Prior to working for me, Mr Furnival was APA's chairperson and because of that previous position, they have a shareholding in the company. "Prior to their appointment to my staff, arrangements were put in place so that their previous business activities could not conflict with their obligations under the statement of standards for ministerial staff and indeed, with my obligations as a minister." The revelations raise questions about whether Senator Nash - who repeatedly stated this week that they were fully aware of the extent of Mr Furnival's involvement with the company - had complied with ministerial standards and rules around contact with lobbyists.
Amid mounting pressure, Senator Nash again maintained their silence on Saturday. Consumer and health groups have blasted Senator Nash's decision to pull the site down, two months after they axed the funding for Australia's peak drug and alcohol body, the Alcohol and Other Drugs Council of Australia. Public Health Association head Michael Moore said preventive health groups were frustrated they had not been able to meet the minister since their appointment. "I would like the opportunity to explain what this website would do and why organisations like mine had put so much time and money into this process," they said. Consumers Health Forum spokesperson Mark Metherell said it was disturbing that the government did not appear to be acting in the interests of Australians' health.
"The Prime Minister declares Australia is open for business," they said. "That should not be to the detriment of consumers." Senator Nash has repeatedly claimed that Mr Furnival had no conflict of interest, as they distanced themselves from the company they own, receives no income from it, and their wife had committed not to undertake further lobbying in the health area after their appointment. When they resigned, Mr Furnival said their wife and the minister had been dragged into a "smear campaign". Loading "I have [resigned] with a clear conscience but with recognition that this political attack is a distraction from the important health issues being effectively addressed by this government," they said.
Ms King said the government also still needed to explain why Senator Nash had personally intervened to remove the Health Star Rating system website.
Quite honestly, I don't really care what the rest of the world thinks after reading nonsense like this:
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – Seven years after the Sept. 11 attacks, there is no consensus outside the United States that Islamist militants from al Qaeda were responsible, according to an international poll published Wednesday.
they survey of 16,063 people in 17 nations found majorities in only nine countries believe al Qaeda was behind the attacks on New York and Washington that killed about 3,000 people in 2001.
U.S. officials squarely blame al Qaeda, whose leader Osama bin Laden has boasted of organizing the suicide attacks by their followers using hijacked commercial airliners.
On average, 46 percent of those surveyed said al Qaeda was responsible, 15 percent said the U.S. government, 7 percent said Israel and 7 percent said some other perpetrator. One in four people said they did not know who was behind the attacks.
The poll was conducted by WorldPublicOpinion.org, a collaborative project of research centers in various countries managed by the Program on International Policy Attitudes at the University of Maryland in the United States.
In Europe, al Qaeda was cited by 56 percent of Britons and Italians, 63 percent of French and 64 percent of Germans. The U.S. government was to blame, according to 23 percent of Germans and 15 percent of Italians.
Respondents in the Middle East were especially likely to name a perpetrator other than al Qaeda, the poll found.
Israel was behind the attacks, said 43 percent of people in Egypt, 31 percent in Jordan and 19 percent in the Palestinian Territories. The U.S. government was blamed by 36 percent of Turks and 27 percent of Palestinians.
In Mexico, 30 percent cited the U.S. government and 33 percent named al Qaeda.
The only countries with overwhelming majorities blaming al Qaeda were Kenya with 77 percent and Nigeria with 71 percent.
Tip-Top Trump Advisor Steve Bannon (Finally) Tips Their Hand On Climate Change
August 17th, 2017 by Tina Casey
Everybody is talking about Steve Bannon, the influential advisor to President* Trump who molded the far-right news organization Breitbart News into the self proclaimed “platform for the alt-right.” Aside from promoting white nationalism, Bannon also deployed Breitbart as a powerful voice for climate change deniers.
Last spring Bannon was almost pushed out of the White House, but apparently Trump liked their views on climate change well enough to keep them on board. Considering the latest controversy, though, it's not evident that hoaxing on the fate of the planet will save Bannon's job.
Steve Bannon and Climate Change Denial
Steve Bannon was a founding member of the board of directors of Breitbart News. Upon the death of its namesake Andrew Breitbart in 2012, Bannon took over as executive chair of the site's parent company, Breitbart News LLC.
To get some perspective on the connection between Steve Bannon, Breitbart, and climate change denial, just follow the money. Here's a rundown assembled by our friends over at DeSmogBlog:
The Mercer family provided the initial $10 million to help Steve Bannon start up Breitbart News. Since then, the site has become very successful, outdoing the Huffington Post, and ranking as the 29th most popular site in America, The Guardian reported. [15]
Inside Climate News also has a good take on the Breitbart approach to climate science:
Stephen Bannon has called government support of alternative energy “madness.” Their conservative website, Breitbart News, relentlessly pursues the idea that global warming is an invention of activists, university researchers and renewable energy industry profiteers determined to assert global governance for their own gain.
As for the connection between the Mercer family and climate change denial, that's a little more difficult to decipher. Unlike the notorious Koch brothers, the Mercer family fortune does appear to not lean directly on fossil fuels.
The $10 million that Mercer pumped into Breitbart in 2012 appears to be part and parcel of a broader strategy to support climate change denial with big bucks, as catalogued by DeSmogBlog:
The Mercer Family Foundation, led by Rebekah, has given heavily to climate science denial groups like Heartland.
Their latest $100,000 donation, declared in the Mercer Family Foundation's 2015 tax form, takes their financial backing of Heartland to more than $5 million since the first $1 million check was written in 2008.
As DeSmog has reported, the Mercers have also donated to several of the Heartland Institute conference sponsors, including the Heritage Foundation and the Media Research Center, which has received more than $13 million from the Mercer Family Foundation.
Aside from any direct financial interest in fossil fuels, climate change denial has the broad effect of undermining mainstream, objective reporting on climate science, so there's that.
In other words, it's possible that the whole climate change denial thing is simply a means to an end.
If the long game played by the notoriously reclusive Robert Mercer is to accrue more power to himself, then undermining the power and influence of mainstream media is a critical step along the way.
Steve Bannon Pulls A Mooch
Where were we? Oh right, the latest Steve Bannon controversy.
Bannon's situation in the White House has been particularly fraught since last weekend's events in Charlottesville, Virginia, when the seeds of their enthusiasm for white nationalism burst into full flower.
The sight of violent Nazi cosplayers running amok in a popular tourist destination with fatal consequences was apparently too much even for Trump supporters to stomach. Even Trump's allies in the business world have been fleeing for the exits.
Rather than laying low, on Tuesday Bannon apparently thought it would be a good idea to reach out to American Prospect reporter Robert Kuttner to discuss Trump's China policy.
Perhaps Bannon thought they were calling the American Spectator? Who knows?
Earlier this month the newly minted White House Communications Director Anthony “the Mooch” Scaramucci found themselves unminted after speaking freely to a random reporter, but apparently Bannon's attention was elsewhere.
Kuttner accepted Bannon's phone call as an on-the-record conversation and now Bannon's numerous in-house adversaries have another weapon to deploy against him.
Do read Kuttner's full piece for some insight into Bannon's perspective on the white nationalists whose trust and favor they have so assiduously courted. Toward the end, Kuttner asks Bannon straight up about “the connection between their program of economic nationalism and the ugly white nationalism epitomized by the racist violence in Charlottesville and Trump's reluctance to condemn it:”
They dismissed the far right as irrelevant and sidestepped their own role in cultivating it: “Ethno-nationalism—it's losers. It's a fringe element. I think the media plays it up too much, and we gotta help crush it, you know, uh, help crush it more.”
“These guys are a collection of clowns,” they added.
Ouch!
If you ever wondered what Steve Bannon thinks about all those folks who put their trust in Breitbart for solid reporting on climate change, you can probably start with “clowns” and work your way out.
Perhaps that includes you, President* Trump.
Follow me on Twitter.
*As of this writing.
Photo: by Gage Skidmore via flickr.com, creative commons license.
PENALTY charges imposed on consumers in the depths of the financial crisis contributed to a record $12.7 billion fees bonanza enjoyed by Australia's banks in the last financial year.
As the sagging economy left many Australians in tough circumstances, the banks managed to extract an extra 9 per cent in fee income from consumers and businesses in the 12 months to June 30 last year.
Reserve Bank data released yesterday showed fees charged to households rose by 3 per cent to $5 billion. Businesses were hit harder, with a 13 per cent jump in non-interest fees to $7.7 billion over the same period.
The Australian Bankers Association calculated that the fees charged to households represented $11.50 each week paid by every Australian household.
About $1.2 billion of the total - or about $1 in every $10 in bank charges - was accounted for by penalty fees, a figure little changed from the previous year.
If you think walking and whistling is hard, wait until you see what the Ohio State University marching band can do.
During the half time show at OSU's football game against Virginia Tech, the band played a montage of theme songs from classic television shows like MASH, The Munsters and Dragnet. Video from Lantern TV shows band members marching in a formation that showcases iconic images from television history, like a helicopter, the Munsters' pet hand, Thing, and even the Batmobile from the '60s television version of the Batman franchise.
To make the project more appealing to the audience at the game (and not just their parents), the band also included homages to The Office, Game of Thrones and The Simpsons, topped off with an impressive Bart Simpson skateboarding across the football field.
This isn't the fist time the OSU band has entertained the crowd with an impressive tribute. Last year, they re-created some Disney classics on the field and their homage to Michael Jackson was quite memorable.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
MORE: Little Kid Dancing at a Wedding Totally Steals the Spotlight From the Bride
MORE: The Simpsons Are Heading to China
Contact us at editors@time.com.
Tomi Lahren of the Blaze, a conservative website, says President Trump called them recently to say, “Thank you for your fair coverage of me.” (Colin Young-Wolff/Invision/AP)
Some people regard Tomi Lahren as a racist.
The social-media star's past commentary on the conservative website the Blaze, including their disparagement of the Black Lives Matter movement, caused them to be booed when they appeared last year on Trevor Noah's “The Daily Show.”
Noah acknowledged that — even as they urged their progressive audience to be polite to their guest: “Imagine you're at Thanksgiving again and your racist uncle walked in.”
But President Trump seems to like them style. They were so taken with Lahren's recent appearance on Sean Hannity's Fox News show that they rang them up.
“He called and said, ‘Thank you for your fair coverage of me,' ” Lahren told Washingtonian magazine, which reported that the president had watched the show live as the 24-year-old waxed enthusiastic about why so many Americans had flocked to Trump: ‘They said: ‘Guess what? This man is doing something amazing.' ”
Lahren also told Washingtonian that in the 10- or 15-minute conversation with the president, they “was asking about me personally,” but they gave no details about theirs questions.
With this uplifting example, I inaugurate an occasional feature: Access Watch, tracking the special treatment — phone calls, interviews, perhaps the lone press seat on the secretary of state's plane — that can result when media people play nice.
True, it is not the proper job of journalists to provide favorable coverage but rather to hold powerful figures accountable.
But that doesn't get you far these days, at least in terms of access.
So we'll be taking note of what does.
Consider Secretary of State Rex Tillerson's recent trip to North Asia — their first such foray. Tillerson broke with long-standing tradition by not including State Department reporters on this foreign trip. The norm is to have a solid group of reporters who provide “pool reports” to others not on the trip, so that American citizens might have a sense of what their government is doing abroad.
Tillerson had only one press representative with him: Erin McPike of the Independent Journal Review, a conservative website founded by Alex Skatell, a former Republican operative.
McPike has little experience covering foreign affairs and has been with IJR only a few weeks, but they had written a piece about why Tillerson might be avoiding the press and how well they and the president were working together behind the scenes to get things done.
The Los Angeles Times noted that their LinkedIn profile touts “positive & inspiring” stories.
Skatell credited McPike's selection to their “tenacious, detailed brand of reporting.”
The decision was a way to give access to a “broader representation of U.S. media,” State Department spokesperson Mark Toner told reporters last week, adding, “This is just an attempt to reach beyond the usual suspects, and I'm not trying to say that in a demeaning way at all.”
Tillerson's own words showed how little respect they have for journalists' role in keeping citizens informed. They made it all about himself, telling McPike: “I'm not a big media press access person. I personally don't need it.”
And then there is what's been happening in the White House briefing room, where new “Skype seats” are just one of the ways that nontraditional, right-leaning news organizations are directing the show.
Andrew Marantz, in a New Yorker article called “Is Trump Trolling the White House Press Corps?,” provided a rundown: “Outlets that have become newly visible under the Trump Administration include One America News Network, which was founded in 2013 as a right-wing alternative to Fox News; LifeZette, a Web tabloid founded in 2015 by Laura Ingraham, the radio commentator and Trump ally; Townhall, a conservative blog started by the Heritage Foundation; the Daily Caller, co-founded in 2010 by Tucker Carlson, now a Fox News host; and the enormously popular and openly pro-Trump Breitbart News Network.”
Marantz quotes a more veteran journalist about the newcomers: “At best, they don't know what they're doing. At worst, you wonder whether someone is actually feeding them softball questions.”
And then the money quote: “You can't just have a parade of people asking, ‘When and how do you plan to make America great again?' ”
And yet, it may be possible.
Those who are surprised by these developments have probably spent the past six months holed up in a Trump hotel with goosedown pillows over their heads.
As I've noted here before, access journalism for the traditional press has a stake in its heart, and I see no chance of resuscitating the corpse anytime soon.
Still, each fresh example from the new team in town offers its own fascination. I'll be keeping track.
For more by Margaret Sullivan visit wapo.st/sullivan
Boxtec send me an IBoard to test if StripInvaders could run on this board.
The IBoard from iteadstudio is a cheap (33 SFr.) alternative to the Arduino Ethernet (57 SFr.).
The IBoard, like the Arduino Ethernet, does not have a USB connection. So you need a USB/Serial adapter. The Arduino “USB 2 Serial Converter” is not compatible with the IBoard, as it needs 3.3v. Lucky me, I own a UartSBee which is compatible with the IBoard. Select “Arduino Duemilanova” as target board and you're ready to upload the firmware.
Some details about the IBoard:
Wiznet 5100 Ethernet driver
Onboard Mini SDCard
Not compatible with Arduino Shields
30.720 Bytes free ROM
Now how do I connect my LED Strip on the IBoard? I see only the analog output pins, but no digital output pins:
There is a 8 pin header in the middle of the board with some interesting connections:
D6 (Pin 7), D7 (Pin 5) and GND (Pin 1) can be used.
I started up the StripInvaders Config Tool and configured Data Pin 6 and Clock Pin 7, saved the config and StripInvaders was working fine!
Some links:
Story highlights Trump's 100th day in office falls on Saturday
They have relied largely on executive action to move their agenda so far
(CNN) President Donald Trump signed an executive order Friday beginning a five-year development plan for offshore drilling in the Gulf of Mexico and off the East Coast of the United States, another step to reverse actions taken by President Barack Obama.
The move, which comes months after Obama banned drilling in millions of acres in the Atlantic and Arctic oceans, is the latest step in the Trump administration's attempt to roll back the former presidents environmental record and comes as Trump is rushing to stack their first 100 days with as many accomplishments as possible, primarily through the use of executive actions.
Trump, before signing the executive order at the White House, bluntly said the plan "reverses the previous administration's Arctic leasing ban."
"The federal government has kept 94% of these offshore areas closed for exploration and production, and when they say closed, they mean closed," Trump said, adding that Obama's actions "deprived our country of potentially thousands and thousands of jobs."
JUST WATCHED Past 100 day moments on CNN Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Past 100 day moments on CNN 01:42
Trump's order charges the Interior Department to work with the Commerce Department to "streamline a permitting approach for privately funded seismic data research and collection," Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke said Thursday; that data helps the department assess the level of natural resources under the sea.
Read More
The Witch (2015)
Directed by: Robert Eggers
Starring: Anya Taylor-Joy, Ralph Ineson, Kate Dickie
The Good:
Director Robert Eggers does a great job of creating both the atmosphere and setting of the 17th century Puritan society in America. From the wardrobe to even the very dialect used by the actors, you do feel like you're taking a glimpse back into time.
For the most part, the family in the story are the most intriguing highlight in the film. It's interesting to see how their religious convictions affect their everyday lives and decisions. (Good or bad) You'll be more interested in the family “drama” than the suspected witch. Given that fact, this film gets points for being original and somewhat creative.
The Bad:
The overall pacing of the film seemed a little slow, even though the film is only 90 mins. (Not a big deal, but some parts seemed to drag a bit.) Another issue, is that it was a little difficult to make out some of the dialogue. While the vernacular for that period was probably done in a very authentic way, it doesn't help as an audience member when you're unable to make out some things that are said. (Closed Captioning may have been helpful.)
I think that some people may be a little disappointed, seeing as though “the witch” is not the main focal point of the story. This story is more so about the impact of the “presence” of a potential witch, and how it affects the family. Another potential letdown may be the story's ending. I was fortunate enough to speak to the director during the screening of this film (see Bonus video below) and they said in so many words that the ending is up for the audience to decide. While I can respect that notion, I don't think that it was executed in an ambiguous enough manner to do so. (ie: Inception and the spinning top.)
The Reason:
I think it may also be a little misleading to believe that this movie is a “horror” film. Granted there may be a few moments that are dark and eerie, this film was more so disturbing than it was scary. There weren't really pop out, jump scare scenes, so you don't have to worry about dropping your popcorn. As I mentioned before, the film is original but that may hurt it more than help it. When a film gets classified as a horror, people expect to be terrified. This film sort of balances the line between trying to be a scary movie, but yet also a period piece.
I suppose you could think of this movie as The Blair Witch Project taking place during the Salem Witch Trials in the late 1600s. I don't get the sense that this movie is going to appeal to the masses only because it may go against the grain of common expectations for a horror film. The film and its director does show some promise, but this film isn't a home-run. I'd recommend watching this at home at most and save your money. I think more will be disappointed rather than satisfied.
A cop vs. squirrel fight ends with the officer macing and shooting the furry creature.
In other squirrely news as reported by The Inquisitr, a plague infected squirrel recently shut down a California campground.
Tennessee officer Jody Putnam was fired after a violent run in with an angry squirrel. Putnam responded to a call about a rampant squirrel in a local Dollar General store because animal control was reportedly unavailable to take care of the wily rodent.
According to a local newspaper, Mr. Putnam first tried to subdue the animal with pepper spray, forcing customers to flee the building. When that failed to produce the desired results, they pulled out their gun in the middle of the store and opened fire.
Local resident and store owner Carl Duffield was on the scene for the event and was not pleased with Mr. Putnam's starting a cop vs. squirrel fight:
“Shooting back there, of course that should not have been, that should not have happened…there was a lot of people that come out and just like me they came out and they were coughing and a hacking. It was comical, but I'm sure they didn't feel that way — the customers that came out.”
But, basically macing half the store or using excessive and unnecessary force wasn't the actual reason they got fired. Apparently, Mr. Putnam refused to file an incident report, which was a violation of department policy. The biggest “loser” in all of this was, of course, the squirrel who lost their lives by being in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Do you think Mr. Putnam should have lost their job over an errant squirrel?
Nestlé Waters Canada is under fire after employees sat in the city council chambers in Guelph, Ont., hours before a special meeting on water-taking permits was set to begin Monday night.
"This is a shameful tactic," Coun. James Gordon posted to Facebook, saying the company bused employees to the meeting "to take seats away from citizens."
The Nestlé facility in Aberfoyle is just 12 kilometres from Guelph city hall, and the company has said it employs more than 300 people from the local area.
Mayor Cam Guthrie said the people arrived during another public meeting and didn't leave. As people left during the special council meeting, Guthrie had bylaw officers bring people in from an overflow room where they were sitting on the floor to watch the council meeting.
"After the tenth delegation, the Nestlé employees left and the chamber was wide open for anyone to come in and join us for the remaining 20 delegations," Guthrie wrote on Twitter after they were accused of allowing the employees to take seats from citizens.
<a href="https://twitter.com/MINOTAURSBAND">@MINOTAURSBAND</a> Thank you for the question and allowing an opportunity for clarity. I answered a similar question earlier so here it is... <a href="https://t.co/W2D3uOaTUe">pic.twitter.com/W2D3uOaTUe</a> —@CamGuthrie "I didn't 'allow' anyone to do anything," Guthrie wrote. "I called a special meeting specifically to hear from the citizens of our community on this topic so please don't go spreading false accusations about me allowing things that I had no control over."
In a statement sent to CBC News on Tuesday, Nestlé said the employees wanted to be at the meeting.
"Our employees are passionate about water, our business and are members of this community. They have wanted to be involved in the discussion and show their support which they proudly did last night," the statement said. "To avert parking issues a bus was provided which some employees used while many other came on their own."
'Wow. People around here really hate you.'
More than 30 people spoke at Monday's special council meeting, which lasted more than five hours. Others sent correspondence for councillors to review.
Jennifer Nikolasevic was one of them.
The 17-year employee of Nestlé Waters Canada in Aberfoyle said simple conversations with the parents of their children's friends often become awkward when people ask what they do for a living.
"Imagine how I feel when the parent … responds with, 'Wow. People around here really hate you,' or, 'You're a water stealer.' They hate me? They hate us? They don't even know us, and at that moment, the connection is gone and I'm viewed as the enemy," Nikolasevic said.
"There are hundreds of examples where we, as employees, feel like we can't wear our uniform into the grocery store in fear of confrontation," they added. "It's become increasingly difficult for us, and our kids, to not feel excluded, judged or bullied."
Despite the controversy over the seating arrangements, after Nikolasevic's presentation, Coun. Phil Allt said they were sorry to hear the kind of reaction they received from people in the community.
Guelph Coun. James Gordon posted this to their Facebook page Monday night. (James Gordon/Faceboook) "I apologize for anybody that hates you," Allt said, adding they are the landlord of someone who works at Nestlé and appreciates they all have to pay their bills. "This should never, ever, be about hate."
Permit renewal sparks debate
Nikolasevic is the face of a side that is rarely heard from in the debate over whether Nestlé should be bottling Ontario water and selling it.
The Aberfoyle facility has come under fire in recent months after the company applied to renew its licence to take water.
Water advocates have called for the provincial government to stop the company in its tracks, arguing charging Nestlé and others just $3.71 for every million litres they take is far too low.
There was even more controversy when it was revealed the company went ahead with the purchase of a well in Elora, Ont., when a second buyer expressed interest in the Middlebrook well. It was revealed after Nestlé purchased the well that the second buyer was the Township of Centre Wellington.
The Council of Canadians has called for a boycott of all Nestlé products, while Premier Kathleen Wynne has said the province will review all take water permits issued to bottled water companies.
A Nestlé employee takes bottles of water from the Nestlé supermarket for staff at the company's headquarters in Vevey, Switzerland. (Laurent Gillieron/The Associated Press)
Children among delegations
Debbie Moore, president of Nestlé Waters Canada, also spoke at the meeting, and said the water bottled at the Aberfoyle plant is not trucked away to distant areas as some would argue. Instead, they said, it stays in Eastern Canada – mostly Ontario and Quebec, with some going to Atlantic Canada.
Children's delegation on water-taking at <a href="https://twitter.com/cityofguelph">@cityofguelph</a> Council mtg brings powerful <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/waterislfe?src=hash">#waterislfe</a> message <a href="https://t.co/CSAODmrze7">pic.twitter.com/CSAODmrze7</a> —@ward5guelph "We have a lot more in common than not. We unconditionally share your passion for water and its long-term sustainability," Moore told council and a packed council chambers. "Bottled water has a role to play because it's healthy, it's convenient, and it's portable. But it also plays a key role in times of crisis, or when local water sources have been compromised for any reason."
But the vast majority of those who spoke at the meeting were against Nestlé and other bottled water companies. Some brought children to microphones to have their voices heard.
"We need the water to drink, and when I say drink, I mean drink from our taps, not a plastic bottle. Water is good in nature, not a plastic bottle, because I love water," one young child named Henry said.
David said they wanted council to protect the environment.
"Plastic water bottles are not good for the environment, and they pollute Guelph and the Earth and the rivers," they said. "We need to be responsible about how much water we take and not to be greedy so that there's lots left for kids and adults and animals in the future."
David also used their platform to ask for one other thing.
"I think we should also have a fountain at the skate park," they said, which offered a moment of levity, making many in the council chambers laugh.
"Well played, David," Guthrie said with a smile.
Issue to come back to council
The special meeting was to hear the thoughts of citizens regarding water-taking permits. It was called after Gordon proposed a motion in September to have the city send a letter to the province asking the government to stop Nestlé's operations in Aberfoyle.
Staff at the time said they were waiting for the province to ask for comment on Nestlé's renewal of its take water permit, which the Ministry of the Environment and Climate Change has not yet done.
The issue is expected to come before council again on Nov. 28.
Forget-me-not panties
This underwear contains a tracking device that will surreptitiously monitor the wearer:
"Forget-me-not panties will help protect the women in your life!
These panties will monitor the location of your daughter, wife or girlfriend 24 hours a day, and can even monitor their heart rate and body temperature.
Based on pioneering research developed by the U.S. military at DARPA (Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency), we have brought this revolutionary technology, previously only available to the military, to you!
These "panties" can trace the exact location of your woman and send the information, via satellite, to your cell phone, PDA, and PC simultaneously! Use our patented mapping system, pantyMap®, to find the exact location of your loved one 24 hours a day.
The technology is embedded into a piece of fabric so seamlessly they will never know it's there!"
Buffalo's Jayvon Graves blocks Jimond Ivey's shot, then is rewarded on the other end as they bolt down the floor to stuff the dunk. (0:33)
AMHERST, N.Y. -- CJ Massinburg had 23 points and 10 rebounds to rally No. 21 Buffalo over Akron 77-64 on Tuesday night for its 25th straight home win.
Nick Perkins scored 25 points, and the Bulls (25-3, 13-2 Mid-American Conference) outscored the Zips 14-2 over the final four minutes in a game that featured 12 lead changes. Buffalo has won six straight overall, and its home winning streak is the second longest in the nation behind No. 8 Houston, which has won 33 consecutive.
The Bulls haven't lost at home since a 73-62 defeat to St. Bonaventure on Dec. 2, 2017. They've won 17 straight MAC games at home since an 89-83 loss to Akron on Feb. 24, 2017.
Tyler Cheese scored 20 points for Akron (15-13, 7-8), which dropped to 2-5 in its past six games.
The game was a rematch of a nail-biter in which the Bulls won at Akron 76-70 two weeks ago.
Buffalo never led by more than three points through the first 35 minutes but didn't relinquish the lead after going up 61-59 with 7:02 left when Perkins completed a three-point play. Two minutes later, the crowd erupted when Jayvon Graves blocked Jimond Ivey's layup at one end and ran the court to catch Massinburg's long pass and cap the transition break with a dunk.
After Loren Cristian Jackson hit a 3-pointer to cut Buffalo's lead to 63-62, the Bulls took control by wearing down the Zips.
Davonte Jordan sparked the final run by driving the paint and laying the ball in with a finger roll. Massinburg capped the roll in the final minute by hitting four free throws.
The Bulls trailed by seven during the first half.
The teams traded leads nine times in the first half, including seven times over the final 5:26, with Cheese's 3-pointer with 3 seconds left putting Akron ahead 36-35 at the break. It marked just the eighth time this season Buffalo has trailed entering the second half.
TECHNICALS
Buffalo was issued two technical fouls. Perkins picked up the first for pushing Deng Riak after the whistle while both were fighting for a loose ball in the first half. Buffalo picked up another with 13:20 left in the game when the Bulls were called for having six players on the court.
BIG PICTURE
Akron: The Zips fell to 0-32 against ranked opponents, but gave the Bulls a scare.
Buffalo: The Bulls showed patience and resolve in outlasting the Zips, who ranked 15th in the nation in allowing just 62.6 points a game.
UP NEXT
Akron: Host Ohio on Saturday.
Buffalo: At Miami (Ohio) on Friday.
---
More AP college basketball: https://apnews.com/Collegebasketball and https://twitter.com/AP-Top25
Sky7 over house fire in Oakland- on E 19th St near Park Blvd, person rescued from second floor per @oaklandfirelive. pic.twitter.com/jIiyAr11FD — Alexis Smith (@AlexisABC7) December 14, 2016
Oakland firefighters rescued two men from a fire in a four-unit Victorian apartment building east of Lake Merritt early Wednesday morning, according to fire officials.At 6:13 a.m., fire crews responded to the building in the 400 block of East 19th Street, Oakland Fire Battalion Chief Zoraida Diaz said.The one-alarm fire was on the second floor of the two-story building and was confined to an apartment closest to the street, Diaz said.Two men in an upstairs apartment in the back, however, were trapped by the blaze and had to be rescued through a window by crews using a long ladder.Crews had the fire under control by 6:33 a.m., Diaz said.Six people were displaced by the fire and are being helped by the American Red Cross, but no injuries were reported, Diaz said.The cause of the fire is under investigation.
Sarasota, FL - About 9 p.m. Nov. 12, officers responded to the Exxon/Mobil Station at 2525 N. Tamiami Trail, Sarasota. The clerk told officers that four males tried to buy a cigar, but they were unable to provide any identification so the clerk denied the purchase. The suspects argued with the clerk and left the store.The suspects returned a short time later and confronted the clerk while they were taking garbage to the Dumpster outside the store. A verbal dispute occurred between the suspects and the clerk. One of the suspects ... then punched the clerk in the face multiple times. The clerk attempted to protect themselves and wrestled the unknown subject to the ground.The other three suspects then joined in beating and kicking the clerk, police said.Detectives have attempted to identify the four suspects through investigation but have been unsuccessful and are now asking for the public's help by releasing security camera footage from the store.Anyone with information on this case can call Detective Anthony DeFrancisco at 941-954-7049 or leave an anonymous tip with Crime Stoppers by calling 941-366-TIPS (8477) or online at www.sarasotacrimestoppers.com
I was excited to play the third game in this franchise, desperately hoping that they learned from the past and added stuff to do in the open world. However, Mafia III once again suffers from an open world that is void of anything outside of the story missions and Racket missions which get repetitive shortly after beginning the game. This is unfortunate because New Bordeaux is a beautiful place and it is a bit of a missed opportunity that they didn't fill it with more to do. The graphics are nothing short of terrible and the texture pop in/out is unbearable at times. There is no excuse for this in the current generation, especially when this game graphically reminds me of something that hit the shelves at the start of the Xbox 360's life cycle. The open world is huge, which leads to another issue, why is there no fast travel?!?! There is nothing more annoying that driving across the entire map after finishing a mission, just to talk to someone for 30 seconds, and then having to drive all the way back to where you started. Quite unacceptable if you ask me. It really is a shame that the game is lacking on so many levels, because the game truly shines during the main missions and the way the story is told truly makes you care about the main characters and the people in it. The cutscenes are superb and the voice acting is great as well. If this game was a 25-30 hour story without all the added on "side stuff" that feels uninventive and unnecessary, it would have been excellent, but as it stands now, save your money and pick this one up when it hits the bargain bin.
Read more
Misfits eliminated Heroic at DreamHack Open Tours after beating them 2-1 (22-19 on Mirage, 4-16 on Nuke, and 16-12 on Train).
Day two in France kicked off with the Group A elimination match which featured Heroic, who lost their opening game mousesports, and Misfits who got crushed by Natus Vincere.
The vital best-of-three series started on Mirage with the North Americans on the CT-side. The pistol round saw Nikolaj "niko" Kristensen get a marvelous 1vs3 clutch and a quad kill. Misfits lost the eco rounds but recovered nicely in the first weapon round, trailing 1-3.
Misfits stay alive
Back-and-forth weapon rounds resulted in a 8-7 lead for Misfits at halftime after David "devoduvek" Dobrosavljevic clutched a 1vs2 in the last round. Heroic had a strong start to the second half, winning the pistol round with Jakob "JUGi" Hansen's double kill and picking up the anti-ecos to lead 10-8.
Valdemar "valde" Bjørn Vangså's otherworldly quad kill in Middle delivered the first weapon round to the Danes but a quad kill and a 1vs1 clutch during a force buy put Misfits back on the board as they trailed 9-11. valde showed up again, this time with an incredible Deagle quad kill to extend their team's lead to 12-10 but Misfits took the following round to make it 12-11.
The Danes made it 13-11 thanks to Andreas "MODDII" Fridh's heroic performance in a full eco round and then went on to acquire four match points but the unyielding Misfits won four rounds in a row to take it to overtime. Misfits got the job done in double overtime with a great performance by Hunter "SicK" Mims (22-19).
Heroic finish 7-8th in Tours
The second map was Nuke where the North Americans started on the CT-side. Heroic won the first three rounds on Nuke and led 7-2 after nine rounds during which the Danes reset Misfits' economy twice. Heroic won the first half 11-4. Heroic stopped Misfits with ease in the second half pistol round and closed out the map 16-4, tying the series at 1-1.
The teams moved on to Train to decide who would stay alive in Tours. The CT-sided Misfits secured the first four rounds of the map but Heroic managed to tie the game at 5-5 with successful weapon rounds. Misfits led 9-6 at halftime.
The Danish team grabbed the second half pistol round with JUGi's triple kill and tied it at 9-9 after winning the anti-ecos. SicK's two entry kills in the first weapon round gave the lead back to Misfits (10-9). Misfits, not letting Heroic start a streak on the CT-side, won the match 16-12 and became Natus Vincere's opponents in the decider match while Heroic exited the tournament.
The next game at DreamHack Open Tours will be the Group B elimination match between Envy and G2.
Kevin Patrick Mallory made their initial appearance in a Virginia federal court on Thursday. They have been charged under the Espionage Act and could face life in prison if convicted. Mallory could even be eligible for the death penalty if certain conditions are met, prosecutor John Gibbs told the court.
Mallory, a self-employed contractor who speaks Chinese, held Top Secret security clearance until they left government service in 2012.
Court records show they were an army veteran and previously worked as a special agent for the US State Department from 1987 to 1990. They went on to work for a number of government agencies and defense contractors.
Cash for intel?
The affidavit said Mallory had traveled to China in April and met with two people they thought were from a Chinese think tank. On their return, they were questioned by customs agents at a Chicago airport after they failed to declare $16,500 (14,700 euros) in cash found in two carry-on bags.
The FBI interviewed Mallory one month later. According to the affidavit, Mallory told the FBI they had come to believe that the individuals worked for Chinese intelligence, not a think tank.
They also said they had given them a special communications device for transmitting documents, and that they had only used it to transfer two unclassified "white papers" they had written on US policy matters.
But, the affidavit said, when FBI agents searched the device, they found other documents and messages that Mallory thought had been deleted. In one message, Mallory wrote to the suspected Chinese agent, "Your object is to gain information, and my object is to be paid."
The agent responded: "My current object is to make sure your security and to try to reimburse you."
The FBI said they found four classified documents on the device, including three labeled Top Secret. According to court documents, Mallory received around $25,000 from individuals they thought were Chinese operatives.
nm/cmk (Reuters, AP)
Photo
The top law enforcer in New York State, Eric T. Schneiderman, filed civil fraud charges on Wednesday against Barclays over its private stock trading platform, contending that it favored high-frequency traders over other investors.
Mr. Schneiderman, the state attorney general, accused Barclays of falsely representing the concentration of high-frequency traders in its private trading platform, known as a dark pool. They also claimed the British bank had falsified marketing materials and misrepresented a service that purported to protect investors from predatory trading behavior.
The lawsuit, which was filed in New York State Supreme Court, seeks to compel Barclays to forfeit the profits gained through its actions and pay an unspecified amount of damages.
“The lawsuit filed today charges that Barclays grew its dark pool into one of the largest in the United States by telling investors they were diving into safe waters,” Mr. Schneiderman told reporters on Wednesday. “In fact, Barclays' dark pool was full of predators who were there at Barclays' invitation.”
Photo
A spokesperson for Barclays, Mark Lane, said in a statement that the bank was cooperating with the attorney general and the Securities and Exchange Commission.
“The integrity of the markets is a top priority of Barclays,” Mr. Lane said. “We take these allegations very seriously.”
Dark pools, which allow investors to submit buy and sell orders without alerting the broader market to their trading activity, have grown in popularity among big investors looking to execute large orders of stock. Such private trading venues, many of which are operated by banks like Goldman Sachs and Credit Suisse, accounted for 14.8 percent of the stock trading volume in the United States in April, according to Rosenblatt Securities.
The dark pool run by Barclays, Barclays LX, was part of its acquisition of certain operations of Lehman Brothers in 2008.
Relying on former Barclays employees, as well as documents obtained from the bank, the lawsuit claims that the bank failed to protect investors in its dark pool from trading behavior that it described as “predatory” or “toxic.”
One service claimed to be able to “restrict” high-frequency trading firms “interacting with our clients,” according to the lawsuit. But Barclays did not apply the monitoring service to the bulk of orders in its dark pool and altered the profiles of certain traders, the lawsuit says, citing an internal document that said the service “may rely on inaccurate information.”
The lawsuit also cites emails in which employees appeared to discuss inaccuracies in marketing materials. In one exchange in 2012, in response to a draft version of analysis to be used in marketing, one employee raised concerns that a major high-frequency trader was not included in the data about the dark pool.
In the ensuing email conversation, a vice president said: “I had always liked the idea that we were being transparent, but happy to take liberties if we can all agree.”
Mr. Schneiderman also took aim at the bank's role as a brokerage firm. While Barclays claimed it routed client orders to trading venues that offered the best terms, it actually sent almost all orders to its own dark pool first, according to the suit.
In a private presentation to a high-frequency trading firm, the lawsuit says, Barclays revealed that about 90 percent of all orders “are first directed into the dark pool.”
Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice director Zack Snyder was spotted scouting the Eli and Edythe Broad Art Museum this past January, and now it looks like it'll officially be part of the movie.
Advertisement
Great to have @zacksnyder on campus. Is it a clue? I don't know …. pic.twitter.com/zHR75WB9Gl — Mark Hollis (@MarkJHollis) January 22, 2014
Lansing State Journal reports that there's currently construction going on outside the Eli and Edythe Broad Art Museum, and that a construction worker said he's part of the crew setting up for Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice filming. The museum announced on its website that it will be closed October 13-20th — the week that includes local filming — for “a private rental.”
The Eli and Edythe Broad Art Museum is a very exotic looking building, both inside and out. Check out some photos in the gallery, and let me know what you think the museum might be used for in the comments below!
SOURCE: Lansing State Journal
Colombia's James Rodriguez takes a penalty kick to score against the USA during the Copa America Centenario football tournament match in Santa Clara, California, United States, on June 3, 2016. / AFP / JOSH EDELSON (Photo credit should read JOSH EDELSON/AFP/Getty Images)
All the major brands got ready for the big summer of soccer by creating new kits for most of the countries competing in Copa America and EURO 2016. While there are always bound to be some mistakes, this mistake by adidas is maybe the most inexcusable.
The German based brand that has some of the biggest countries in the world, including third-ranked Colombia misspelled the South American countries name on some advertisements boasting their new jersey for 2016.
A common mistake it would seem. Last year when Miss Colombia was incorrectly pronounced the winner of the Miss Universe pageant, host Steve Harvey tried to apologize and got blasted on social media for spelling the country's name wrong. They quickly deleted the tweet and fixed the mistake, but adidas is not nearly as lucky.
These posters appear to be in a shop somewhere, possibly in LA with the new LAFC team hat below one of the posters.
Colombia beat the USA 2-0 in the opening game of the tournament.
Cleveland Browns Pro Bowl left tackle Joe Thomas, 32, is experiencing memory loss, they said in an interview released Wednesday.
Thomas could not say, though, whether playing in the NFL has caused the problem.
"I definitely expect memory loss," Thomas said on "In Depth With Graham Bensinger." "I'm already seeing memory loss, and maybe that's just because of my old age or maybe it's football, it's hard to tell.
"I mean, there's no double-blind studies when it comes to people's life. It's just a part, I think, of sometimes getting older. And it's hard to tell it's because of football or because you're 32 and you're not 21 anymore and you have a lot of stuff going in your life."
What kind of memory loss? Bensinger asked.
"Short-term memory loss -- hard times remembering things that have happened recently," they said. "Like, you walk to the grocery store and you're like, 'Huh, I can't remember what I needed to get.'
"Just little stuff like that, and I think if you let it really bug you, I think it can make you depressed and feel sad. Like, 'Wow, I don't have the memory I used to have.' But, you know, I try to be relatively good-natured about it at this point."
Thomas is entering their 11th season with the Browns. They have not missed a snap since being drafted third overall in 2007. They said they are well aware of the risks of playing in terms of long-term brain damage, but they are risks he's willing to accept.
"There's definitely a concern," Thomas said. "But the way I look at it is just about every profession in our society: There are some lasting effects. It's just the way that our society is set up. People have to work. If I was a stone mason or if I was a painter or building bridges or whatever, there's going to be some wear and tear on your body and your brain. And that's just the way it is.
"To be able to live the lifestyle and provide for my family the way that football has been able to do, to me it's a trade-off that I'm willing to accept."
The NFL has agreed to a settlement of a lawsuit filed by 5,000 former players citing the damage to their brains caused by the constant trauma of NFL play. Thomas mentioned other long-term issues believed to be linked to brain trauma.
"You look at guys with significant Alzheimer's and dementia and the mood swings and the suicides that unfortunately NFL players have been faced with," Thomas said. "And depression. Lou Gehrig's disease. These are all things that have kind of been linked to the brain damage from football.
"Those are obviously scary and frightening things, but I think from my perspective, I can't do anything about it. This was the profession that I have already chosen, and most of the damage has probably been done already. So what are the things that I can do to try to minimize my chances of having those negative effects down the line, and then do everything I possibly can. Then I can't worry about it. I have to accept it.
"But I do hope that medicine continues to improve and, in 10 years maybe, they'll be able to fix my body better than they did for the poor guys who are crippled up from playing in the NFL in the '60s and the '70s."
Sir Bradley Wiggins has called marginal gains “a load of rubbish” and described their former Team GB track colleague Victoria Pendleton as “a bit of a milkshake”.
Speaking at a corporate event in the City of London – their first public appearance since breaking a leg on The Jump – the five-time Olympic champion said they felt the marginal gains mantra had been over-egged.
“A lot of people made a lot of money out of it and [Team Sky principal] David Brailsford used it constantly as their calling card,” Wiggins said, according to Eurosport who had a reporter at the event. “But I always thought it was a load of rubbish.
“It's a bit like the whole chimp thing,” Wiggins added, referring to Dr Steve Peters, Team Sky's former head of medicine and author of The Chimp Paradox.
“At the end of the day, chimp theories and marginal gains and all these buzzwords – a lot of the time, I just think you have got to get the fundamentals right: go ride your bike, put the work in, and you're either good or you're not good. Sometimes in life or in sport, whatever, you're either good at something or you're not.
Marvel's The Avengers has become one of this summer's biggest movie blockbusters. And to celebrate, Amazon's discounting the Kindle edition of six big graphic novels starring The Avengers — and there's also several free Avengers comic books in Amazon's Kindle Store! And anticipating the next upcoming Marvel blockbuster, they're also discounting the Kindle edition of a Marvel graphic novel about Ant-Man (called “Small World”).
For a shortcut to the discounted graphic novels, point your browser to
tinyurl.com/AmazonAvengersComics
Avengers: Heroes Welcome #1 by Brian Bendis and Mark Brooks (Free!)
Iron Man, Thor, and Captain America, plus She-Hulk and The Wasp, greet a young superhero named Nova. But I like the theme of this free comic book — which is heroism, and the personal choices that each individual superhero has to make. It's a special 14-page introduction to some of Marvel's most popular characters. And it's great to see them all in high-definition color in the Kindle app on my tablet!
Captain America: The First Avenger #1: First Vengeance by Fred Van Lente and Luke Ross (Free!)
Captain America is one of my favorite Avengers — and this 2011 comic tells the “origin story” of the man who wears the red, white and blue. It was considered “the official prequel” for Marvel's 2011 summer blockbuster (the Captain America movie). And four years later, it's still Amazon's #1 most popular graphic novel in their “Media Tie-In” section.
Marvel's The Avengers Prelude: Fury's Big Week #1 (of 8) – Free!
This free comic book was the official prelude to Marvel's The Avengers movie back in 2011. “In a world full of green monsters, gods, and men in iron suits…” asks the book's description at Amazon, “How will S.H.I.E.L.D. maintain the status quo?” it's a fun 13-page glimpse into the life of Nick Fury — Samuel L. Jackson's character in The Avengers movie, who makes the decisions about how to confront the next crazy alien invasion. And if you enjoy the comic, there are 7 more issues that continue its story!
Avengers, Vol. 1 by Brian Michael Bendis and John Romita Jr. ($3.99)
Avengers, Vol. 1: Avengers World (Marvel NOW!) by Jonathan Hickman and Jerome Opena ($3.99)
Strangely, there are two discounted Marvel graphic novels that are both named Avengers, Volume 1. One features the spectacular 2011 relaunch of the team for Marvel's “Heroic Age” (written by long-time Avengers writer Brian Michael Bendis). Captain America, Thor, and Iron Man join Wolverine and Spider-Man for a massive superhero showdown with some time-traveling supervillains, in a story that ends with a great science fiction twist. And the other graphic novel represents a passing-of-the-torch, as Jonathan Hickman took over the series, sending the Avengers into a high-stakes war that leads them to Mars, the Savage Land, and ultimately to the very origins of planet earth!
This massive 136-page collection collects six issues of the “Thor: God of Thunder” series from 2013, and it's drawing rave reviews from readers on Amazon. “This is an incredible series with larger than life storytelling brought to life with epic art,” wrote one reviewer, calling the collection “A great jumping on point for new Thor fans, like myself.” In a powerful story that spans thousands of years, Thor discovers a forgotten cave “that echoes with the cries of tortured gods,” according to the book's description at Amazon. And far off in the future, they must later confront “the berserker legions…as the last god-king of a ruined Asgard!”
Avengers: Absolute Vision – Book One by John Byrne ($3.99)
I wrote about this one earlier this month. It's a mammoth collection of original Avengers comic books to commemorate Marvel's release of their new blockbuster, Avengers: Age of Ultron. This 432-page tome collects 11 classic issues of The Avengers — plus two more of the big “Avengers Annual” issues, as well as Amazing Spider-Man Annual #16, Fantastic Four #256, and Doctor Strange #60. See The Scarlet Witch and The Vision, as well as memorable confronations between Thor, Captain America, and Iron Man — arguing whether Tony Stark has finally taken things too far. And this book even includes a rare story where Hawkeye, Black Widow, and three of their superhero teammates make an appearance on David Letterman's late-night talk show!
This 160-page graphic novel collects six issues of “The New Avengers” during their spectacular “Breakout” event back in 2004. The epic story followed the aftermath of a jailbreak of massive proportions, with supervillians from the Marvel universe suddenly running around on the loose. Iron Man and Captain America team up with Wolverine, Spider-Man, Spider-Woman and Luke Cage, and the chase leads them to the Savage Land. One reviewer on Amazon described it as “The Start of Something Great,” and it's always fun to see a team of Marvel superheroes back in action.
This 168-page graphic novel collects six issues of Marvel's “Mighty Avengers” comic. Iron Man (Tony Stark) attempts to rebuild the team, and it's nice to see Natasha Romanoff (the Black Widow) back in the line-up. They join with Ms. Marvel, The Wasp, The Sentry, and Wonder Man, but soon they're confronting the evil super-robot Ultron. “A group this powerful should be ready for just about anything,” reads the book's description at Amazon, “except, perhaps, the return of a genocidal killing machine…”
Many men have worn the tiny, size-shifting suit of Ant-Man — and two of them square off in this entertaining graphic novel. “Eric O'Grady once stole the Ant-Man suit from Hank Pym,” explains the book's description at Amazon. “But now, Eric is the only one who knows about a secret AIM plot to steal Pym's greatest invention!” So the old Ant-Man and the new Ant-Man team up for an undercover mission that — aw, you had me at “Ant-Man.” I'm a fan, and I loved this graphic novel.
And this is a great time to be a fan of Marvel comic books.
Remember, for a shortcut to Amazon's discounted Marvel graphic novels, point your browser to
tinyurl.com/AmazonAvengersComics
(Jenny Starrs/The Washington Post)
Jim Brainard is a Republican mayor in a Republican city in a Republican state. But that hasn't stopped them from taking aggressive steps in recent years to combat climate change and become more energy efficient.
During their tenure, Carmel, Ind., has shifted its fleet to hybrid and biofuel vehicles, replaced streetlights with LED bulbs, installed hundreds of miles of bike paths and spent millions of dollars planting trees to absorb carbon dioxide and provide shade.
Carmel now has 102 roundabouts — more than any community in the country, they say proudly — that have reduced traffic accidents as well as helped to conserve gasoline, reduce air pollution and save electricity by negating the need for traffic lights. “For a long time, taking care of our environment was a nonpartisan issue,” Brainard said. “I have yet to meet a Republican or Democrat who wants to drink dirty water or breathe dirty air.”
But Tuesday afternoon, President Trump signed an executive order instructing the Environmental Protection Agency to roll back the Clean Power Plan, the Obama administration's signature effort to combat climate change by limiting carbon emissions from power plants and requiring states to cut down on overall emissions.
Trump maintains that Obama-era regulations have unnecessarily hampered businesses and that freeing companies from such burdensome requirements will provide an economic boost.
Some mayors, governors and business leaders plan to press ahead with plans to clamp down on carbon emissions, saying it makes sense for the economy as well as the climate. “It doesn't impact anything we're doing,” Brainard said.
He'd rather not see the Clean Power Plan scrapped, but its absence won't alter the trajectory of Carmel, which sits just north of Indianapolis, or many other places around the country. “Cities aren't going to stop. They were working on things that save money and provide a better environment long before the federal government got involved with the Clean Power Plan, and they'll continue to do so.”
[Trump moves decisively to wipe out Obama's climate-change record]
It's not only cities. About 30 states have established standards that require utilities and power companies to sharply increase their reliance on renewable energy over the next decade or more.
Falling prices for wind and solar and low prices for natural gas have further undercut coal's share of the electricity market. According to the Sierra Club, 175 coal plants in the United States have shut down since 2010, and 73 others are scheduled to retire by 2030.
The Energy Information Administration is more sanguine about coal's prognosis, but it still says that coal will be eased out of the electricity mix even without the Clean Power Plan. In a 2015 report, the EIA said that 90,000 megawatts of coal-fired capacity would be retired by 2040 with the plan in place. Without the plan, coal capacity would still fall by 40,000 megawatts.
“We're not building any new coal plants in this country, and the existing ones are having a harder and harder time competing with ever-cheaper renewables,” said Mary Anne Hitt, the head of the Sierra Club's “Beyond Coal” campaign. “There's a . . . structural disadvantage for coal in the marketplace. That's not something Donald Trump can wave away with the stroke of a pen.”
State-level programs to boost renewable sources of electricity have support, in some cases, across party lines. In the weeks after Trump's election, Republican governors in three Midwestern states — Illinois, Ohio and Michigan — committed to adding more renewable power and boosting energy efficiency.
“If President Trump doesn't recognize it, we've seen that Republican governors do see an investment opportunity with efficiency and renewable energy,” said Dick Munson, who works on clean energy programs in the Midwest for the Environmental Defense Fund.
(Peter Stevenson/The Washington Post)
In Illinois, Gov. Bruce Rauner (R) signed the Future Energy Jobs Bill, which was negotiated with the state's Democratic-controlled legislature. The measure would channel more than $200 million a year into renewable energy investment. It also sets tougher standards for utilities, requiring them to reduce greenhouse gas emissions 56 percent by 2030. The Clean Power Plan would have required a comparatively modest cut of 34 percent.
In Ohio, Gov. John Kasich (R) vetoed a bill that would have weakened that state's renewable standards. Major corporations such as Amazon and Whirlpool, as well as wind and solar developers, had urged them to stick to ambitious renewable goals. (Amazon chief executive Jeffrey P. Bezos owns The Washington Post.)
“I believe it's real,” Kasich said of climate change in a speech last fall at the University of Texas at Austin. “You can't read these stories about these things happening all over the world, on our coasts and the rising sea levels, without being concerned about it.”
Out west, California Gov. Jerry Brown (D) has made clear that they will eagerly push forward with their state's efforts to combat climate change and shift to cleaner energy sources.
“Whatever they do in Washington, they can't change the facts,” Brown said during a state of the state address days after Trump's inauguration. “And these are the facts: The climate is changing, the temperatures are rising, and so are the oceans. Natural habitats everywhere are under increasing stress. The world knows this.”
Months earlier, Brown had signed legislation requiring the state to cut greenhouse gas emissions 40 percent below 1990 levels by 2030 — an ambitious goal compared with past targets. Weeks earlier, the state had hired an outside legal team that includes former U.S. attorney general Eric H. Holder Jr. to help defend its environmental and other policies in the age of Trump.
[Trump's climate rollback could undermine our promises to the rest of the world]
Some of the nation's biggest utilities also say that shelving the Clean Power Plan will have little effect on their long-term actions, which aren't aimed at four-year presidential cycles but involve looking decades ahead.
“[Our] long-term strategy is focused on generating and delivering electricity in ways that meet the needs and expectations of our customers,” Nick Akins, chief executive of American Electric Power, one of the nation's largest utilities, said in an email. “That includes diversifying our fuel mix and investing in renewable generation and other innovations that increase efficiency and reduce emissions. That won't change.”
AEP's 2016 carbon dioxide emissions were already 44 percent below 2000 levels, and Akins said the company expects further declines as it adds more natural gas and renewable power generation. It plans to invest about $1.5 billion in renewable energy over the next three years.
Marijke Shugrue, a spokesperson for another major utility, NRG, said the company “set our sustainability goals back in 2014 unconnected to the Clean Power Plan. Whatever happens to that, our goals still stand. It made sense before, and it still makes sense.” The plan set a goal of reducing NRG's carbon emissions by 50 percent by 2030.
Investors also understand that operating coal plants these days can be bad for the bottom line. After the owners of the 40-year-old Navajo Generating Station in Arizona announced Feb. 13 that they would close the station's coal-fired power plant, Moody's Investors Service called the decision “credit positive” for the owners.
Closing the enormous 2,250-megawatt facility — the largest coal plant west of the Mississippi River — “reduces risks associated with the coal-fired units meeting environmental standards,” Moody's said. In addition, the shutdown “brings economic benefits to ratepayers.”
At the Environmental Defense Fund, Munson expects renewable energy will continue to surge even in states that lack renewable portfolio standards. “Look at Texas,” they said. “Not exactly a font of progressive policies.” Even so, Texas is home to one-fourth of the nation's wind capacity, with more on the way.
On Nov. 27, wind energy set a record there, providing 45 percent of the state's total electricity demand that day. Overall, wind provides 12.7 percent of the state's electricity, and projects underway will bring that to about 16 percent when finished.
Yet it would still be a setback if Trump manages to stymie the Clean Power Plan, Munson said. “It was a symbol, and an important one, that suggests this is the path that our nation is going to take to tackle this challenge and do it in an investment-focused way,” they said. “Backing away from that sends the wrong message.”
