/ / /
Photo: Maya Shankar delivering keynote address at the UN's Psychology Day
Last summer, the news broke that the White House was in the process of setting up its own “Nudge Unit,” modeled after the UK's version, officially called the Behavioral Insights Team (BIT). Public reaction to the news was a mix between hopeful anticipation on the one hand and big-government alarmism on the other. Other than a profile of the unit's leader, Maya Shankar — who completed a postdoctoral degree in Cognitive Neuroscience at Stanford, earned a PhD at Oxford, and whose official title is Senior Advisor for the Social and Behavioral Sciences White House Office of Science & Technology Policy — the stories carried little information about what the US version might look like. This trend continued over the past year, with little being said publicly about the US “Nudge Unit” and the policy issues it might choose to address.
However, more is now known about the new initiative. Shankar recently spoke via telepresence alongside David Halpern, leader of the UK's BIT, at the Behavioral Exchange Conference in Sydney (BX2014), a conference designed to bring together thought leaders working at intersection of public policy, business, and behavioral science. While earlier this spring, Shankar was the keynote speaker at the United Nations Psychology Day, an event focused on how psychological science can inform global sustainable development.
In their brief speech at BX2014 (48:58-54:30), in the symposium “Nudging Government,” Shankar stated that the White House officially launched the White House Social and Behavioral Sciences Team in January 2014. Much of their remarks focused on the work that lead to the creation of the team, and logic behind why such a team is necessary.
“When I joined the office of Science and Technology Policy, in the spring of 2013, I came the with the goal to translate research insights from these fields into improvements in federal programs and policies, but I soon came to see the immense value of actually trying to institutionalize the continued translation of this research into policy improvements and policy design,”she said. “So I pitched the idea of creating a team of behavioral science and evaluation experts who could provide to agencies conceptual and technical support that would allow them to design and implement rapid, iterative trials that use behavioral insights.”
“I began my mission as a one woman band going from agency to agency telling them about the potential benefits of behavioral science, asking them what problems they were already trying to solve, and then empowering them with the low cost tools that could help them achieve these goals more effectively and efficiently,” they explained.
This work eventually lead to the January launch of the Social and Behavioral Sciences Team, in partnership with the Performance Improvement Council at the General Services Administration. The team has 6 members in addition to Shankar herself, and falls in line with President Obama's continued push for evidence-based policy.
“Our hope is that in addition to demonstrating the impact of behavioral science in policy, we'll also be able to improve the quality of evaluation that goes on in the federal government and to develop ongoing knowledge and an ongoing knowledge base of what works and what doesn't,” Shankar said.
This past April at the UN's Psychology Day, in their speech titled Designing Public Policies: A Person-Centered Approach (29:20-44:15; Q&A 54:20-56:05, 101:00-107:00), Shankar made similar points to those at BX2014. Though in addition to talking about the newly formed Social and Behavioral Sciences Team, their speech focused on educating the audience of government leaders, UN staff, and students about the potential for behavioral science to help solve global challenges related to health and sustainability.
With regard to the Social and Behavioral Sciences Team, Shankar reiterated that the goal of the team is to “help Federal agencies identify low-cost behavioral science insights that improve outcomes and efficiency” (see slide), and named Veterans Affairs, Department of Education, Health and Human Services and USAID as collaborators.
In the education portion of their talk, Shankar presented the EAST framework — Easy, Attractive, Social, and Timely — as a way to create effective, people-centered public policy. They highlighted research on water chlorination in Kenya, financial loan uptake in South Africa, energy usage in the UK, and medical text message reminders in Mozambique. (See slides below).
Shankar concluded their speech at the UN with the hope that identifying and employing behavioral insights will continue to be a collaborative process on a global scale. “It's my hope that the global community can continue to collaborate and to share best practices and lessons learned,” they remarked. “The US Team benefitted tremendously from shared insights from the United Kingdom's Behavioral Insights Team…and so hopefully we can continue this global dialogue in an effort to accelerate the effective application of these insights.”
Recently, a fellowship opportunity with the Social and Behavioral Sciences Team was announced for qualified behavioral scientists who want to help apply behavioral insights in the policy realm.
Within the US, multiple non-governmental efforts are springing up with the similar mission to bring behavioral science into public policy, including the creation of Stanford's SPARQ initiative (Social Psychological Answers to Real-world Questions) and the new Behavioral Science and Policy Journal set to launch this fall.
With the official Social and Behavioral Sciences Team barely 7 months old, it is too soon to evaluate successes or failures, but if the US initiative follows a similar path to that of the UK's BIT, one might predict initial public skepticism to give way to respect for the work. Ultimately, as David Halpern relayed in an interview with The Psych Report earlier this year, the key for the US may be to build policies that people both care about and trust:
“This is an agenda that rests on what the public thinks of us; giving us permission to find more effective ways of helping people quit smoking, or making sure consumer markets are working well, or making sure that everybody pays their fair share of taxes, or whatever it will be. The legitimacy of what we do and when we do trials, it's not just does it work by the sheer numbers, but also how the public feel about it.”
Corrections, 8/25/14: The name of the newly formed behavioral science unit was originally reported as the US Social and Behavioral Sciences Team, but it is now officially the White House Social and Behavioral Sciences Team. Maya Shankar's title was originally reported as Deputy Director at the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy, but their title is actually Senior Advisor for the Social and Behavioral Sciences White House Office of Science & Technology Policy. The above article now reflects these changes.
S.F. police investigate possible pet poisonings
Photo: Debi Cournale, Courtesy Photo: Debi Cournale, Courtesy Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close S.F. police investigate possible pet poisonings 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
(12-07) 12:46 PST SAN FRANCISCO -- San Francisco police are investigating whether someone poisoned an Inner Sunset family's cat and puppy, one of which was found to have methadone in its system, officials said.
The 1 1/2-year-old cat and 11-month-old puppy died Sunday after falling ill within an hour of each other earlier that day, said their owner, Debi Cournale. Both had been in the family's fenced-in backyard on the 1200 block of 15th Avenue just before they died.
The cat, Cowboy, began "moaning," staggering and vomiting at about 3 p.m., Cournale said. They and their 14-year-old daughter rushed the cat to a veterinarian, then returned about an hour later to find that Dakota, the family's mixed-breed puppy, was also violently ill and frantically running around the home.
They took the dog to the same veterinarian, where they died about 9:30 p.m. The cat was euthanized a short time later.
"It was insane, absolutely insane," Cournale said. "Here's your little puppy, lying on a bed, dead, and on the other side is your cat, lying in an incubator, fighting for their life. It was like a horror movie."
A preliminary in-house urine test found traces of methadone in the puppy's system, said Bonnie Yoffe, an Animals Emergency Hospital veterinarian who treated the animals.
A necropsy will be performed to determine what killed the animals, but Yoffe said poisoning was likely. Both animals were convulsing when they arrived at the hospital, and Dakota had a high fever.
"They were both presented as if they got into some sort of poison," Yoffe said. "Given that the cat and the dog were both presented so close to each other, it certainly makes toxicity as a cause of death higher on the differential list."
Cournale said there is no way the pets could have ingested something on their own because the family keeps no toxic material.
Police are investigating. Officer Albie Esparza, a department spokesperson, warned pet owners in the area to keep a close eye on their pets and report any suspicious activity.
"We're just numb," Cournale said. "I don't know what to say - this happened in our backyard. How safe can you feel when your animals get killed in your own backyard?"
There is now growing bipartisan and bicameral opposition on Capitol Hill about this unacceptable move. Republicans and Democrats alike are concerned that such disclosure requirements will unnecessarily politicize the procurement process, delay the delivery of goods and services to the federal government, and impose additional costs on an already deficit-laden federal budget.
Even more disconcerting is the apparent willingness of the administration to disregard basic constitutional protections. Rather than offering a proposal that is narrowly-tailored to a compelling government interest – the test used by the Supreme Court to uphold a government-imposed limitation on free speech – the administration wants to tie contract awards to the disclosure of a person's political affiliations.
If authorized, the proposed executive order will mark a dramatic shift in procurement policy. Contracts could potentially be awarded on a basis other than the merits of a proposed bid and the competitiveness of the cost to U.S. taxpayers.
Politically-appointed administration officials involved in procurement decisions would, under this new regime, have ready access to the information about the party affiliations and political contributions of prospective contractors.
The risk is too high that this information could be used to inject partisanship into the federal procurement system, which has been designed to promote fairness and independence for all contractors seeking to do business with the federal government.
Beyond that, there are real world concerns that this new policy will have the practical effect of intimidating law-abiding Americans and shutting them out of profitable business opportunities for no other reason than their own personal opinions. It is never appropriate for the government to require a business to ask for that kind of information from its employees. Questions about an employee's donations to groups that support or oppose abortion, same-sex marriage or other controversial issues would become standard procedure for the contracting community.
Every American benefits from a de-politicized procurement system. Political operatives in the administration, however, appear ready to undermine the principles of fairness and independence under the disguise of promoting transparency.
Real, principled transparency is never in conflict with our democratic system. The American people have a right to know what their government is doing with their money. But the recent White House proposal is at odds with fundamental principles of democracy; namely, the freedom to believe what we want, support what we believe, and not suffer discrimination by the federal government because of these choices.
Issa is the chair of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform.
Indian troops targeted a vehicle of the Pakistan Army moving along the Neelum River at Athmuqam on Sunday. "The vehicle fell into the river and four soldiers embraced martyrdom in the Line of Control (LoC) ceasefire violation,” said the Inter-Services Public Relations (ISPR).
The body of one martyred soldier has been recovered while search for the other three is underway.
The attack was similar to an earlier assault on a civilian bus in the same area last year, according to the army's media wing.
The ISPR said that Pakistani forces had responded to the ceasefire violation.
Earlier this year in June, during a National Assembly's Standing Committee on Kashmir Affairs meeting, director general of the Disaster Management Authority said that unprovoked firing by Indian forces across the LoC had taken 832 lives while 3,000 people had been injured and 3,300 houses had been damaged.
Women in a Jewish sect in north London have been told not to drive or face having their children barred from school. They are been told that driving would offend “traditional rules of modesty”.
In a letter – seen by Channel 4 News – members of the British Belz Hasidic sect in Stamford Hill were told by religious leaders that any children driven by their mothers should be turned away from school from June this year onwards.
The letter, originally in Hebrew, said that a growing number of “mothers of pupils who have started to drive” has led to “great resentment among parents of pupils of our institutions”.
It read: “In particular, there is great consternation and resentment amongst our students studying in the holy establishments against this practice. A woman driving a vehicle cannot send their children for education within the Belz institutions.
“Therefore, we are to inform you that as of the beginning of June 2015, it will not be possible for a student to study within our establishment if his/her mother drives a car.
“Any mother who must drive due to a special reason (such as a medical condition) must forward a request to a special committee and that committee will consider their request.”
‘Marginal'
After the reports first surfaced in the Jewish Chronicle, the Board of Deputies of British Jews distanced itself from the advice, saying that the “vast majority of the Jewish community has never had any problem with anyone driving”.
A spokesperson said: “This is an ultra-Orthodox sect and they have weird rules on what they think women should be doing. It's not a mainstream Jewish thing. It seems to be a marginal group. Across the strictly orthodox community, women drive as much as anyone else does and no one has ever questioned it.”
Dina Brawer, the UK Ambassador of the Jewish Orthodox Feminist Alliance, said that the directive had no basis in Jewish teachings. “It is a perversion of Jewish law and values. There is no foundation for banning women from driving within Jewish sources, it is not reflecting the tradition.
‘False dichotomy'
“What these ultra-Orthodox movements sometimes do is create a dichotomy between what a person of faith and part of the modern world; it is a false dichotomy.
“Rabbis have always been pragmatic and have adapted to the changing world they are living in, while upholding our values. They are trying to react against change and modern society.”
But, in a statement released on their behalf after the letter came to light, the women of the sect said they felt that driving a car was a “high-pressured activity”.
The statement read: “As Orthodox Jewish women belonging to the Belz community in London, we feel extremely privileged and valued to be part of a community where the highest standards of refinement, morality and dignity are respected. We believe that driving a vehicle is a high-pressured activity where our values may be compromised by exposure to selfishness, road-rage, bad language and other inappropriate behaviour.
“We do, however, understand that there are many who conduct lifestyles that are different to ours, and we do not, in any way, disrespect them or the decisions they make.”
Neither of the schools associated with the sect responded to requests from Channel 4 News to clarify their policies.
A Department for Education (DfE) spokesperson said it was looking into allegations that the independent school standards have been breached after receiving a series of reports on Thursday. The department was not able to say how many schools were being looked at as part of the investigation, which is at an early stage, but it is understood that both of the Belz institutions are included.
The spokesperson said: “If schools do not actively promote the principle of respect for other people they are breaching the independent school standards. Where we are made aware of such breaches we will investigate and take any necessary action to address the situation.”
Lake Merritt Reborn
How Oakland voters transformed the city's “Crown Jewel.”
By Scott Morris
Photos by Stephen Texeira
(page 1 of 2)
The lake has never looked so good. But many newer Oakland residents and even some longtime ones may not realize how much Lake Merritt has changed in the past 15 years. Since 2002, when 80 percent of Oakland voters passed Measure DD, a $198 million bond measure, to pay for extensive improvement projects, Lake Merritt has been reinvigorated and is now a far more inviting destination for both humans and wildlife. And the work is nearly complete.
Measure DD also set aside money for creek restoration, youth recreation facilities, and improvements to park access and water quality of the Oakland Estuary. As of December, more than $140 million of the bonds had been spent, including more than $78 million of the $88 million allocated for lake improvements. And that's not all. The city also treated the bond funds as “seed money” to aggressively pursue matching grants, and as of late last year, had raised more than $60 million to supplement the bonds.
In January, crews finally got started on improvements surrounding Snow Park, the last of the big projects for the lake area. Construction is expected to last until sometime in 2019, expanding the park with renovated restrooms, a new putting green, a new pedestrian promenade, as well as new bike lanes and racks. Some more work around the entrance to Children's Fairyland at the intersection of Grand and Bellevue avenues is expected to be completed by the end of the year.
But as the work has carried on over the last decade, even signature projects like the restoration of the Municipal Boathouse and the reconfiguration of 12th Street have become so intrinsic to Oakland's current day-to-day life that the full impact of the extensive work on the lake might be lost on people. Oaklanders may take for granted the picturesque pleasantness of a stroll along the lake on a warm, sunny afternoon as seagulls swoop overhead, crew teams row by, children frolic with dogs, and picnickers lounge about on the lawn.
While the lake has always been a popular destination for walkers, joggers, and bicyclists, its south end used to be extremely uninviting. A narrow sidewalk ran along a wide, high-traffic road with cars speeding by on their way from East Oakland to downtown. Pedestrians were elevated well above the lake's narrow, rocky shoreline, which was often strewn with garbage and debris, including furniture and mattresses. It was a constant target for illegal dumpers, and it was loud from the traffic and often smelled.
“Twelfth Street was formerly what we called the shortest freeway in the world,” said Oakland Watershed Program and Measure DD manager Lesley Estes. “It was essentially a mini-freeway on top of a dam, and that's what we got rid of.”
The city completely reconstructed the road, the sidewalk, and the shoreline. Crews demolished the culvert under 12th Street, and turned Lakeshore Avenue into a cul-de-sac leading to a pedestrian park and amphitheater by the lake's shoreline. The redesign kept traffic elevated, away from the park, and redirected toward First Avenue and International Boulevard by a new bridge over the widened channel to the bay.
Estes said that while working on the project, they have witnessed a cultural shift of the use patterns around Lake Merritt. By making the entire 3.4-mile circumference pedestrian-friendly, it's become more attractive to people outside Oakland, and even residents are using it far more widely than they used to. Now people are out at all times of day and jogging the lake before dawn.
“I don't think anyone expected it would be this big and this great,” Estes said of the refurbishment project. “It's become this incredibly high-desire place to walk around, and I think it's really a result of Measure DD.”
The pedestrian upgrades included improvements to sidewalks and park space stretching up Lakeshore Avenue on the east side and along Lakeside Drive to the west. Many of the improvements were made with an eye to the lake's history, including restoration of the 18th Street Pier and the Municipal Boathouse, now open as a public dock and home to Lake Chalet restaurant.
We just finished the first Europe Open Source Think Tank (OSTT). Andrew Aitken of Olliance and Alexandre Zapolsky of Linagora hosted a fantastic event. I highly recommend it to anyone who can attend.
During the course of the two days a common theme I heard repeatedly was the difference between commercial Open Source businesses in Europe versus in the US. The differences are best illustrated by examining different views on a number of concepts. This isn't a scientific survey, but reflects opinions I heard consistently from multiple people over the two days of the conference:
Concept/Idea European View United States View Primary reason for adopting Open Source. Avoid vendor lock-in. Cost. Key driver of commercial Open Source business creation. Creation of a local software industry. Venture capital/entrepreneur driven to create a big business and make money for investors. Dual licensing business models. Not true open source. Proprietary business models using Open Source for PR and marketing. Widely accepted as the most common Open Source business model. Software sales model. Channel oriented: VARs and SIs. Direct. Open Source business models. Service and support subscription focused; 100% open source software. US companies don't want to be in the services business. The focus is on products, typically proprietary add-ons or an Enterprise Edition paired with an Open Source product edition. Expectations around "Open Source" products. All code is available under Open Source. There is often a community governance of community participation model. Same, but not necessarily all products are available under an Open Source license. Commercially licensed versions of the products are commonly available. Projects are managed by a commercial vendor.
Let's explore each of these in a bit more detail.
Primary reason for adopting Open Source.
The week prior to the OSTT I spent a few days with senior IT people from the financial services industry in New York. The last two OSTTs in Napa both featured CIO panels. In all three cases I heard a common theme that the primary driving factor for their adoption of Open Source was cost. Likewise The451 Group did a survey of CIOs regarding Open Source adoption and identified cost as their primary reason for selecting an Open Source alternative. That's in stark contrast to what I heard this week at the Europe OSTT. Cost is still important, but the Open Source nature of the software is more important; specifically, the ability to have multiple vendors (avoiding vendor lock-in) and the ability to influence and support the direction of the project.
Key driver of commercial Open Source business creation.
I'm somewhat biased living in Silicon Valley at the center of the information technology Venture Capital business, but in the US we are definitely driven to create Open Source businesses with venture capital. The US has a large and successful existing proprietary software business. Our motivation in the US is to build the next generation of software companies. But in Europe that's not the case. Here there is a natural desire to build a local software economy and Open Source offers that opportunity. That's a major motivating factor in the adoption of Open Source.
Dual licensing business models.
Business models based on dual licensing (either relicensing Open Source code under a commercial license or selling a commercial version of an Open Source project with added features) have become commonplace in the US. I definitely heard from the European attendees at the OSTT that there's a negative reaction among European customers to those models. This contrasts with the US CIOs I talked with last week who were definitely more comfortable with getting their Open Source software from a vendor with a commercial license.
Software sales model.
Commercial Open Source in the US has relied heavily on an ability to disintermediate the software selling process and go direct to the buyers. Interestingly enough that doesn't appear to have happened in Europe. Here the buyers still seem to acquire software predominantly through VARs and SIs. The direct model does not seem to be as widely accepted here. Perhaps it's because the VARs and SIs in Europe are more heavily invested in Open Source than they are in the US.
Open Source business models.
Support and service subscription models clearly dominated the thinking among the Europeans here at OSTT. This contrasts with our thinking in the US that services models are not scalable and that the models should be product based.
Expectations around "Open Source" products.
The bar for Open Source companies is clearly higher in Europe than in the US. That is, expectations are that if a company is primarily an Open Source vendor that 100% of their software is available under an Open Source license. Further, that there is some communities model or interaction model that allows a customer to participate in guiding the direction of the software.
Conclusions.
I've said this many times: Europe and most of the rest of the world is ahead of the US in Open Source adoption. This has been the case since I started tracking Linux usage numbers by country in the mid to late 90s. I believe the attitude differences I observed at this OSTT reflect a more sophisticated view of Open Source than we have today in the US. In the US the Open Source nature of the software is almost irrelevant to a company's buying decision. The US buyers want better, cheaper software and a better relationship with vendors; all of which Open Source helps create for them. But they are not so interested in the source code itself nor in how access to the code created those benefits.
I believe the European Open Source software community has moved beyond that. The European community sees those benefits, but in addition recognizes that the Open Source nature of the code is the driving factor behind those benefits. As a result they have embraced Open Source to a degree the US market has not; insisting in many cases on acquiring the software under an open source license, not an alternative commercial license. It's great to see this level of sophistication among the commercial Open Source community in Europe, and I have hope that eventually the US market will catch up.
Fugitive Safe Surrender Fugitive Safe Surrender is a unique, creative, and highly successful, initiative that encourages persons wanted for non-violent felony or misdemeanor crimes to voluntarily surrender to the law in a faith-based or other neutral setting. Managed by the United States Marshals Service as a community re-entry program for wanted non-violent offenders, Fugitive Safe Surrender offers individuals with felony and misdemeanor warrants the ability to turn themselves in to law enforcement and have their cases adjudicated in a safe and non-violent environment. The goal of Fugitive Safe Surrender is to reduce the risk to law enforcement officers who pursue fugitives, to the neighborhoods in which they hide, and to the fugitives themselves. Authorized by Congress in July 2006, Fugitive Safe Surrender is believed to be the first program of its kind in the nation. For more information about Fugitive Safe Surrender, please contact the Office of Public Affairs at (703) 740-1699. About Fugitive Safe Surrender Tens of thousands of fugitives are present in every major city across America. Many are wanted for violent crimes, but authorities target far more for lower-level, non-violent felonies ranging from drug possession to theft. Still more are wanted for misdemeanor infractions. Law enforcement officials at every level of government apprehend large numbers of fugitives every year through regular investigative efforts and concentrated fugitive sweeps. These duties are among the most dangerous faced by authorities. But the danger is not just to police – it is also to the members of the communities in which these individuals hide...and to the fugitives themselves. At the forefront of this work is the United States Marshals Service and their federal, state, and local task force partners throughout the country and overseas. Fugitives often hide their identities, either to avoid detection or to further their criminal behavior. They live in constant fear of arrest, and out of the mainstream of their own communities, supporting themselves by: (1) continued non-violent criminal activity (e.g., drugs, prostitution or theft); (2) non-criminal work where they are paid “under the table” and have no health care or other benefits; or (3) as a financial burden for employed, law-abiding family members. In all of these instances, fugitive status creates a broad range of burdens and dangers for the fugitives themselves, their families, and the community. For the thousands of fugitives across America who have no history of violence, Fugitive Safe Surrender offers a unique opportunity to take their first and most crucial step toward community re-entry. Frequently Asked Questions Related News Clips Photo Gallery - Click here to go to photos about Fugitive Safe Surrender. S. 2570/H.R. 5459 - Legislation to authorize funds for the United States Marshals Service's Fugitive Safe Surrender Program. Introduced by former Senator Mike DeWine (R-OH) and the late Representative Stephanie Tubbs Jones (D-OH), this legislation was ultimately enacted and signed into law as part of Public Law No. 109-248, the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006.
23/3 Meta Tier List — The Fall of Bahamut (Part 1)
Tom Anderson Blocked Unblock Follow Mar 23, 2017
Introduction:
This is a tier list. I decided to write one myself because the one on game-ai.jp (which is then translated to gamepress) is likely of tournament only and is not representative of my experience. My data is from shadowlog.com, which means this piece comes with all of the site's limitations. I made this one specifically because of the new expansion coming out, and this seems like a decent last goodbye to the meta we all know, and some love.
This article will contain class usage, archetype usage, matchups, and explanations. Part 2, if and when I get around to it, will contain deck lists for each archetype, as well as more in-depth explanation of the meta around them.
Disclaimer:
This is my list, and thus naturally my rules as far as arbitrary cut-offs are concerned. I do, however, take inspirations from the Hearthstone equivalent of vS Data Reaper reports, and adapt it to Shadowverse. The tiers are a combination of sample size and strength, and hope to be as objective as the numbers allow.
Edit: As this tier list is purely based on ladder win rate and popularity, it's fit only for laddering, and not as a power level distinction for a tournament setting, or in a vacuum. The numbers themselves are also for all levels of play, since it's currently impractical for me to manually do a closer analysis.
Note: There's no meme tier. There just aren't enough data for that.
Tier List:
Tier 1:
Tier 2:
Tier 3:
Tier 4:
Images and format courtesy of game-ai.jp
Tier 1 decks have at least 55% win rate and 7000 recorded usage.
Tier 2 decks have at least 52% win rate and 5000 recorded usage.
Tier 3 decks have at least 50% win rate and 3000 recorded usage.
Tier 4 decks have at least 3000 recorded usage.
Class distribution:
Excuse the ugly graph
Sword has risen to be the driving force it has always meant to be, both in terms of popularity and strength. Sporting positive win rates against every single other class in the game, Erika leads an unstoppable army that completely dominates the ladder, with Albert at the helm. This rise isn't unexpected, as pre-nerf it was Daria and Forest which kept it in check. Now with the refined Midrange list that eliminates the old Aggro variant's weakness to control decks packing AoE and heals, Sword stands on top a mountain of success, despite its most common match-up, against Daria, being a negative one. Fast, strong, and consistent, its complete command over the rest of the game's available archetypes more than makes up for this one weakness. The classics of Control Sword and Aggro Sword still lives well and strong as secondary choices, slightly better than they were pre-patch.
Despite the Piercing Rune nerf, Rune remains top of the ladder, although its difference in usage level is a mere rounding error in comparison with Sword. Daria is still the most popular archetype, and through the meta's adaptation still retains a healthy 52% win rate. D-Shift is the second most popular, with more than 60% the usage of the former, but its success are less than hopeful. The increase in speed of the rest of the ladder has made the experience rather miserable for the counter-control specialist archetype, which sits at a meagre 45% win rate. Earth Rite Rune sees limited play in comparison, but no more success than D-Shift.
Shadow enjoys a relatively healthy position on the ladder. Its aggro variant feeds on Runecraft of all types, along with good match ups against the competing fast deck Aggro Blood means that it'll always be a popular choice for ladder, sporting the unique burst combo of Phantom Howl + Cerberus for closing out games. The deck loses badly to Sword, but then again that's mostly a given. Nepthys is the only other significant Shadow list, and it sees decent success. It crushes all control decks, but falters against the otherwise fast meta.
Haven is popular, but the win rates of its slower lists aren't really the best. Storm Haven enjoys a decent win rate overall, with essentially the same match up spread as Nepthys Shadow while having the upper hand in the 1-on-1, and also being slightly less bad against Sword and Daria Rune. Seraph struggles to hold a decent win rate, due to its polarising match ups. It handily beats Daria and most Aggro decks, its critical weakness to Sword and the inexplicably popular D-Shift crushes any hope for the deck to rise above Tier 3. Guardian Sun is almost as popular as the two archetypes above, but falls flat in terms of actual results. Somewhere down there sits Elana.
Dragon is a wild animal. Ramp Dragon is a terribly performing deck, and one of the most popular in the game. It's slow, nice, and strong in the late-game or so it seems at first glance. In reality, the only good thing going for it is a good match up against Daria and the occasional Control Blood. Otherwise, it crumbles against almost every other popular archetype, whether due to its inconsistencies against their speed, or inferior win condition against the likes of Nepthys and Seraph. On the other hand, faster lists such as Storm Ramp and Aggro flourish, half due to the surprise factor and the other being Forte. It's also one of the few archetypes that actually beats Midrange Sword, confirming that in fact Forte is the best girl.
Blood is in a weird spot. There aren't that many viable archetypes for the class, nor does anyone seem to be trying. Aggro Blood has the same match up spread as most other aggro decks, but directly loses to them. This puts it down by quite a bit in terms of desirability, even though the deck is uniquely consistent even in terms of combos compared to its peers. Control Blood, on the other hand, is miserable. Proving that more dust isn't always better, the deck sports good match ups against Aggro decks and Daria Rune. What? You may ask. That sounds good. Isn't that most of the meta? While true, its absolutely abysmal win rate in almost all other match-ups, especially the 20% struggle against D-Shift, obliterates any chance of it being a good deck for climbing.
Forest is the lucid dreamer of this meta. Its popularity does not match its strength, at all, possibly due to the overreaction to the Goblin Mage nerf. Silverbolt is the most popular archetype, and is the definite sleeping giant. Boasting a win rate and match up spread that surpasses even Midrange Sword, this 18-dmg combo sports a positive 1-on-1 against the entire playing field. The asupervisorstioned Aggro Blood's one single redeeming quality in the meta as it stands is the ability to beat Silverbolt Forest. No other Aggro Deck of any other class has the sort of burst, flood, and reach to pose even a threat to Silverbolt. The deck is that good, which explains its ubiquity in tournaments. On the other hand, OTK Roach features some very lopsided match ups. Having to ditch consistent early game options or lose consistency, the deck suffers from the speed of the rest of the aggro-centric ladder, and falls to a lower tier performance bracket.
End of Part 1
Continued in part 2:
https://medium.com/@tomanderson_47035/23-3-meta-tier-list-analysis-lists-part-2-9cafe14b973c#.ad9eh6slo
The device, which is similar to a sticking plaster connected to a small battery pack by wires, stimulates nerves beneath the skin that feed deep inside the brain to key areas of associated with mood.
Trials of the device, which causes a mild tingling sensation, have shown it can cause a 50 per cent improvement in the symptoms of people suffering from depression.
It has also been found to reduce the occurrence of epileptic seizures in patients who did not respond to drug treatments.
The researchers who developed the device, known as an external trigeminal nerve stimulation patch, presented their results to a conference on medical innovation at the Royal Society of Medicine in London yesterday.
Dr Christopher DeGiorgio, a professor of neurology at the University of California in Los Angeles who invented the device, said: “The patch is placed on the skin above the eyebrows and stimulates the nerve under the skin. It generates pulses of very low current – it feels like a mild tingling.
“This particular nerve projects to key regions in the brain that modulate both epilepsy and mood. We have found that it increases blood flow in areas of the brain that have decreased blood flow in people with depression.”
Small scale clinical trials of the patch, which is replaced after each use by a fresh adhesive pad, showed that wearing the device for at least eight hours over night could bring improvements in mood for people suffering from depression.
One in ten adults in the UK have been diagnosed with depression at some point in their life, according to official statistics while prescriptions for antidepressant drugs have risen fourfold in the past 20 years.
A second small study published in the journal of Neurology, also showed the patch could also help patients suffering from drug-resistant epilepsy, with 40 per cent of those tested seeing the number of seizures cut in half.
Around 500,000 people in the UK suffer from epilepsy, a third of whom do not respond to drug treatment.
“It stabilises the activity in areas of the brain of people who suffer from epilepsy,” Dr DeGiorgio added.
They have set up a company called NeuroSigma to market the device and it has now approved for use in the European Union. They are hoping it will become available on the NHS later this year.
Dr Leon Ekchian, chief executive at NeuroSigma, added that they were also now developing an implant based on the same idea that could be worn around the clock by epilepsy sufferers.
They said: “If patients stop using their device, they see increased seizure rate again after a few days, so we are developing an implantable system so they don't have the inconvenience of having to put it on each night.”
Several Maine Republicans said Tuesday that the Medicaid expansion question on the November ballot shouldn't contain the word “insurance,” a concern that was quickly dismissed by a top Question 2 proponent.
The group, led by former Maine Republican Party Chairman Rick Bennett, sent a letter to Secretary of State Matthew Dunlap on Tuesday listing the use of “insurance” as one of four main concerns about the draft language of the question, which would expand Medicaid under the federal Affordable Care Act to an estimated 70,000 Mainers.
It's been one of the biggest policy debates during the era of Gov. Paul LePage, who has vetoed expansion proposals five times, saying it could lead to exploding costs in the program. Proponents have said not expanding has left $1 million per day on the table that could support health care coverage and jobs.
Dunlap, a Democrat, controls the wording of the question. A draft version asks if a voter wants to “provide health insurance through Medicaid” for qualified adults, who are younger than 65 with incomes at or below 138 percent of the federal poverty line. A public comment period on the wording is open through Sept. 1.
Bennett's group called a news conference on Tuesday morning that mostly focused on the word “insurance” — which they said Medicaid “simply isn't … under any definition” and noting that the word doesn't appear in the law that Mainers will decide on in November. The group stood next to a sign saying Medicaid is “welfare.”
However, a glossary on Healthcare.gov calls it an “insurance program” and whatever you call it, Medicaid covered nearly 69 million Americans as of May and it has covered nearly 153,000 children in Maine as of 2016.
“It's an insurance program,” said Robyn Merrill, executive director of Maine Equal Justice Partners, a progressive group running the pro-expansion campaign.
The group of Republicans, which also included Assistant House Minority Leader Ellie Espling of New Gloucester and Rep. Heather Sirocki of Scarborough, said in their letter that cost information should be included in the question and that the federal poverty level is poorly defined.
Kristen Muszynski, a Dunlap spokesperson, said they won't be commenting on question wording at this time, but that he'll take all expressed concerns into consideration when drafting the final question.
New Delhi, Nov 11: United Airlines temporarily suspended all flights to Delhi due to prevailing smog conditions in the capital. According to reports, in a bid to not miff its passengers, the airline is also offering travel waivers.
A report on Friday stated that the airlines said it was temporarily suspending all flights to Delhi as the region is under a health emergency. They said they are monitoring the situation and are coordinating with concerned government agencies.
CNN Money quoted a representative of the airline, who said that they are monitoring advisories as the region is under a public health emergency. They issued a travel waiver on Thursday according to which customers travelling to Delhi between November 9 to November 13 can book a comparable ticket leaving on or before November 18 at no additional cost.
The company also reportedly stated that at times when severe weather or major events seem to impact their operations, they issue travel waivers to allow the passengers change to alternate flights without paying anything extra as the changing fee.
It is not known if competing airlines Virgin Atlantic, Etihad and KLM offered any similar waiver.
Delhi and parts of other North Indian states have been engulfed in smog since Monday, raising serious health concern. With air pollutants, especially PM 2.5 and PM 10 levels over ten times higher than admissible levels the health ministry issued advisories to people living in the city. Delhi schools were also shut for the week.
However, on Saturday, the smog levels decreased but pollutants in the air remained in the ‘severe' category.
Four years ago or so, I was working in Madrid (Spain), and I did an interview for a company that was using Extreme Programming as a methodology. At that time, I had no idea about what that was, so they explained it quickly: "Every morning, we have a stand-up meeting, where we speak about what we did the day before. Then, we review that whiteboard full of post-its, which represent tasks, and each pair, because here we do Pair Programming, chooses a task and works on it".
That sounded extremely different to everything I knew (I was still doing waterfall...), and, to be honest, I was a bit reluctant, mainly because I didn't see myself working full-time with somebody else and sharing the same computer. "I won't be able to listen to music!", I thought. This, along with the fact that the technologies they used didn't catch my attention, and that I was quite comfortable in the company I was working for, made me reject the offer they made.
It's 2016. I've been living in London since 2014, and when I made the difficult decision of moving to a different country it was crystal clear to me that I would try to make the most of the experience. So, since day one, I began to attend meetups, workshops, etc, as in London you can find plenty of these events. In many of these workshops we did Pair Programming in case studies with the objective of familiarizing ourselves with technologies, practices, etc. Last year I attended the Global Day of Code Retreat, which was amazing, and where you basically spend the whole day pairing with different people.
I started to think that Pair Programming wasn't that bad. I enjoyed it a lot, I realized I learnt a lot too, and, given my increasing interest in TDD, and technologies like Spring Framework, Cloud platforms and many others, I found a company where I was going to be able to use all this and much more.
After one year of pairing, I think I'm now in a position to give my opinion about full-time Pair Programming. Yes, we work from 9 to 6 sharing a computer with another person, but we don't share keyboard and mouse, since each member of the pair has his/her own one. The usual approach to pairing is that one person takes the role of driver, being responsible of coding, while the other person should avoid touching the devices and just review and talk about what the pair is doing. To avoid tedium both roles are interchanged frequently.
The pros
There are lots of pros, and they defeat the cons completely, in my opinion:
Since two people are working on the same problem, and every single aspect of the implementation is discussed, the pair doesn't make the same number of "stupid" mistakes that we make when we work alone. This kind of mistakes makes us waste a lot of time, and I guess all of you know what I'm talking about
You learn tons : this happens because your pair will always know something that you don't know, starting with simple things like command line tools, and more generics aspects like patterns or features of the language we're using. This point reaches its maximum potential when you're working in a language you don't know well, but the other member of the pair masters. I can't think of a better way to learn a new programming language that pairing. Believe me, the experience is awesome!
: this happens because your pair will always know something that you don't know, starting with simple things like command line tools, and more generics aspects like patterns or features of the language we're using. This point reaches its maximum potential when you're working in a language you don't know well, but the other member of the pair masters. I can't think of a better way to learn a new programming language that pairing. Believe me, the experience is awesome! You teach tons : same as the other person will know things you don't know, the inverse is true, and you'll find yourself explaining to your pair how to do certain things. Apart from how satisfactory teaching is, you'll see that teaching is a good way to review your knowledge, and discover holes in it
: same as the other person will know things you don't know, the inverse is true, and you'll find yourself explaining to your pair how to do certain things. Apart from how satisfactory teaching is, you'll see that teaching is a good way to review your knowledge, and discover holes in it The knowledge is shared: pair rotation is frequent if you stick to Extreme Programming practices, so the "single point of failure" problem is effectively removed completely, and nobody will start shaking if one member of the teams is not working one day. Indeed, through pair rotation it's quite hard that a single developer is absolutely essential in the team. This can break the traditional way of thinking in many companies, because it challenges the corporate ladder model slightly. You know, you own a niche so that promotion is easier. If you think this way, stop to think if you're looking for a personal benefit or a team benefit in your office when you go to work. A team benefit will always be much better for your company, which is paying you good money to receive the maximum value in return
It's fun: people are social beings, we like to talk to people, discuss things, make jokes. Pair Programming encourages this all the time, so the idea of the isolated programmer hearing music during the most part of the day disappears completely. Personally, I think this is very beneficial for our mental health in the long run too :)
It helps to get more cohesive teams. In the book Peopleware we can read about the concept of "jelled teams", teams that achieve cruise velocity and are unstoppable. Reaching this ideal is not something we can do in one day, and I can't think of a better way of achieving this than Pair Programming
The code generated has fewer mistakes: when we do Pair Programming we're doing code reviews all the time, so the percentage of bugs decreases considerably
It's quite likely that I'm missing something, but I think that after reading all these points you should have a good idea about all the benefits of pairing
The cons
As everything in life, there are some cons, even though I believe most of them can be mitigated:
It's exhausting: my first weeks doing Pair Programming I left the office exhausted, and not because I'm a weak person, everybody in my company mentioned that it was very common. Spending the whole day speaking to another person and completely focused on your work (because distractions are less common than when you work alone) makes your mind be drained at the end of the day. However, we usually adapt quickly to new environments, and in three or four weeks you get used to it. In addition, breaks are highly recommended, and we have started to adopt the Pomodoro technique, which has proven to be very useful to keep us focused and less tired
Keyboard and mouse collisions: in occasions, the person that in theory shouldn't touch the keyboard and mouse, can't avoid doing it to comment something that it's complicated without using the devices. Most of the time we take control unconsciously and it can be a bit annoying for the other member of the pair, but this situation it's hard to avoid. When it happens, the best thing we can do is taking it with humor if you're interrupted, and if you want to interrupt, try to alert politely (can I take over for a while?)
Searching something / Googling is a bit awkward: when we're stuck and we go to Google to look for a solution, I have noticed that every person reads the contents randomly, so we're actually following two different lines of thought. From a point of view, this can be beneficial, because maybe we find a solution faster, but many times I think I would do it more comfortable if I did it alone. When this happens, it's perfectly valid to propose the alternative of investigating in parallel using two different computers
Personality clashes: each person has a different character, and so many hours working together can lead to some tension if there are disagreements. I have experienced this situation working with client developers more than with colleagues of my company, as our recruitment process is very focused on finding the right people for our way of working. Patience is super important when you pair, and you should never be rude with the other
Disconnection: if you feel that you're disconnecting from the task you're doing, or this is happening to the other one, the best thing you can do is proposing a break. We have pinged pong tables in our offices to facilitate having proper breaks, as we disconnect completely from the task we're doing to play ping pong for a while
Conclusion
I don't know if this article will convince anybody to do Pair Programming, but at least I expect it's clear now why it is such a recommended practice. If you want to learn more, have a look at Kent Beck's Extreme Programming Explained.
NEW DELHI: Prices of larger televisions, microwave ovens and set-top boxes are set to increase with the government making changes to customs duty in order to boost local manufacturing.The rise is expected to be significant for larger and hitech TVs — mainly 55-inch and above — as the government doubled the import duty on fully-built units to 20%.In line with its ‘Make in India' initiative, the Union government also increased the duty on mobile phones from 10% to 15%.The move, while having a minimal impact on the broader smartphone market (as most devices are assembled locally), may impact prices of devices from Apple and some other manufacturers selling high-end smartphones. Samsung — the largest device maker in the country — will remain largely insulated from the customs duty hike announced on Friday as most of its phones are being manufactured in the country.“The duty hike will be beneficial for boosting manufacturing of feature phones, where a trend of higher imports was being noticed over the past few months,” said Pankaj Mohindroo, president of Indian Cellular Association. Manish Sharma, president of Consumer Electronics Association (CEAMA) also said that local manufacturing will get a boost from the measure.For Apple, which is trying to grow its engagement in India, the move may be a dampener as the company still imports most of the phones it sells in India. The company, which has begun a small assembly operation in Bangalore in partnership with Wistron of Taiwan, is seeking duty concessions on parts before looking at a full-fledged manufacturing operation in the country.Speaking about televisions, an industry representative told TOI, “A lot of companies – while manufacturing in India -- are still importing the panel which is used in the device. A duty of 7.5% on the panels will make the TVs expensive till the time companies start assembling them here. This could lead to a momentary increase in prices.”When contacted, a spokesperson for Sony India said, “We are evaluating the notification itself at the moment and are yet to determine its impact. It's too early to comment.” The company has partly started local sourcing of TVs in India from a unit of Taiwanese contract maker Foxconn.A top official with a DTH operator said that a large part of set-top boxes being used by them and cable operators is currently being imported. “So, the doubling of duty in this category will see prices go up. However, it is beneficial in the long-term as it will boost local manufacturing and help us develop an eco-system of suppliers.”
It appears the ironman of the Los Angeles Chargers will be playing Sunday against the Buffalo Bills.
Chargers coach Anthony Lynn said Thursday they believe quarterback Philip Rivers will be out of the league's concussion protocol before Sunday and eligible to play.
"We think he'll play, but that's up to the doctors," Lynn said, per ESPN. "That's not my decision."
The veteran quarterback must be cleared by an independent neurologist before he's allowed to play again.
Rivers was placed into concussion protocol Monday following the Chargers' overtime loss to the Jacksonville Jaguars. It's unclear on which play Rivers sustained the concussion, but they were listed as a full participant in practice Thursday after being limited Wednesday.
Rivers, 35, hasn't missed a game since taking over the Chargers' starting role from Drew Brees in 2006. They have started 185 consecutive games, the second-best active streak behind draft mate Eli Manning (208) and the fourth-best all-time.
If they can't go, backup Kellen Clemens is set to get the start with former Bills signal-caller Cardale Jones also on the roster.
NFL Network Insider Ian Rapoport reported Wednesday that the Chargers were encouraged by the progress Rivers had made under protocol and there was optimism they would play Sunday. For a 3-6 team on the edge of falling into the abyss of another failed playoff bid, having Rivers under center could be vital for preserving the Chargers' postseason hopes.
In a bizarre turn of events, Grooveshark has come back from the dead after being closed down by the authorities last week.
According to BGR, a small team assembled after the site's demise to revive it. The group had been secretly backing up the site's content for some time and believes it had over 90 percent of it before it was taken offline.
The site is now available at a new URL (which we won't link to), with much of the music that was found there previously. We have to wonder how long it'll last considering the group is now operating well outside the law.
The resurrected Grooveshark attempts to absolve itself of responsibility on its terms of use page with the following comment:
Before you start downloading songs we want to tell you the following: The songs you want to download may have copyright(s) on them. This means you're not allowed to download the song if you don't possess the original record.
“This won't be the last you hear of Grooveshark in the next few days.
➤ Days after its demise, Grooveshark is back
Read next: The future of product management
Fox News co-host Greg Gutfeld echoed statistics used by a Republican member of congress to suggest right-to-carry laws decrease violent crime -- but studies have shown no such correlation. Gutfeld also hyped the debunked claim that there are "2.5 million instances each year" in which a gun is used in self-defense.
Pundits and commentators have been discussing gun-related violence following NFL player Jovan Belcher's murder-suicide. NBC Sports' Bob Costas has been ridiculed by right-wing media for comments they made on the subject during a Sunday night football broadcast.
During a segment on The Five about Belcher's murder-suicide and Costas' comments, Gutfeld said:
GUTFELD: If you want to look at the FBI uniform crime report -- right-to-carry states, 30 percent have lowered their homicide rates. Forty-six percent -- lower assault and robbery. Overall, 22 percent violent [sic] rates gone down in right-to-carry. Basically, when you're not arming people, you're actually creating a health hazard. A gun is a vitamin of safety.
Gutfeld's statistics mirror those used by a Republican member of congress in a House Judiciary Committee press release issued following the House's 2011 passage of a national right-to-carry bill. The press release quoted Rep. Lamar Smith (R-TX):
[House Judiciary Committee] Chairman Smith: "The Second Amendment is a fundamental right to bear arms that should not be constrained by state boundary lines. This legislation enhances public safety and protects the right to bear arms under the Second Amendment. "Studies show that carrying concealed weapons reduces violent crime rates by deterring would-be assailants and by allowing law-abiding citizens to defend themselves. Data from the FBI's Annual Uniform Crime Report shows that 'right-to-carry' states, or those that widely allow concealed carry, have 22% lower total violent crime rates, 30% lower murder rates, 46% lower robbery rates, and 12% lower aggravated assault rates, as compared to the rest of the country.
But studies show there is not actually a correlation between right-to-carry laws and lower violent crime rates. A 2011 PolitiFact post reported that "using the 2009 [FBI] data, we don't see any evidence that state gun laws correlate with violent crime rates one way or the other, at least not 'across the board.' "
SALT LAKE CITY — The iconic blue PepsiCo branding will get an unprecedented change when the University of Utah switches from Coca-Cola to PepsiCo as the official beverage provider for the university this week.
On July 1, the University of Utah will switch over to PepsiCo as its official beverage provider after announcing the new multiyear partnership in October 2016. But the royal blue background featured on the PepsiCo label will rarely be found on campus, due to its resemblance of in-state rival BYU's school color.
The decision to mostly remove the blue from the branding came through an agreement between the university and PepsiCo. The company's president and chief operating officer for North America, Kirk Tanner, is a Utah alumnus and was instrumental in forging the agreement — a first for PepsiCo.
“As a proud Ute (alumnus) and on behalf of PepsiCo, I'm thrilled for the opportunity to make some of PepsiCo's most iconic and innovative brands available to the University of Utah community,” Tanner said in a prepared statement. “The university has my personal commitment to bring the absolute best that PepsiCo has to offer to this new partnership.”
All signage, including those on vending machines and coolers, will feature a PepsiCo logo absent the blue background and a U. logo as part of its branding. In addition, several other products, including Code Red Mountain Dew, will be prominently branded throughout campus.
“We never asked Pepsi to remove blue from their logo — never a discussion on that. But what we did ask and collaborate with them on is that we develop a concealment that's conducive to campus, which means a little flexibility from Pepsi and a little flexibility from us,” said Brett Eden, a contract manager for the university's auxiliary services. “These co-branded machines and the artwork will include a Pepsi logo — their red and blue logo — but the backgrounds will be different.”
Photo: Courtesy of the Auxiliary Business Development Office
Eden said PepsiCo is allowing a lot of flexibility in the branding, which is something the company has rarely done in the past. The university plans to bring other brands, including some of PepsiCo's healthier brands and those that feature red, to the forefront.
“When you go to the stadiums and arenas on game day, you'll see a heavier lean to Code Red Mountain Dew,” Eden said. “Historically, we haven't been able to do that.
“The brands that they bring to the table have actually allowed campus to skew healthier and reduce our calorie intake,” Eden added. “It's those things that we're looking for, it's those things with the students and scholarships and allowing us to provide better opportunities for our students and healthier alternatives. The blue color is truly ancillary to the decision.”
The transition to PepsiCo will begin Saturday and will continue throughout July as vending machines and other signage are switched out. However, Eden said the Huntsman Center, at least internally, will make the transition Wednesday and that there will be a branded element which will feature red PepsiCo products.
The university's contract with PepsiCo will help provide scholarship opportunities to students— approximately 200, according to university officials' estimates.
PepsiCo will also be an official sponsor of Utah Athletics, including the popular Gatorade brand.
“We're excited to begin our partnership with PepsiCo, a world-class organization that has made great efforts to integrate with our campus and support our students,” said John Nixon, vice president for administrative services at the university, in a prepared statement.
×
Photos
Immediately after the runoff Tuesday, we commissioned Opinion Savvy to conduct a poll of the upcoming special U.S. Senate general election in Alabama. Opinion Savvy contacted 590 voters through landline and mobile devices on September 27th and 28th.
The horserace
Republican Roy Moore: 50.2%
Democrat Doug Jones: 44.5%
Moore boasts a huge lead among evangelical voters, 67.8% to 28%, while Jones boasts an even larger lead among non-evangelicals, 69.7% to 26.7%. Among African-American voters, Moore peels off 24.8% to Jones' 70.9%, while among white voters, Jones has a surprising 36.1% to Moore's 58.5%.
Presidential Job Approval
Strongly/somewhat approve: 54.6%
Strongly/somewhat disapprove: 42.9%
The President's approval rating stands highest among white voters (49.6% strongly approve), evangelicals (48.7% strongly), and voters over 65 (49.8% strongly), lowest among Democrats (73.4% strongly disapprove), young millennials (64.4% strongly disapprove), and African-Americans (56.4% strongly disapprove).
In addition to the horserace and Presidential job approval, we wanted to ask voters about two controversies recently in the news: the removal of Confederate statues and kneeling players in the NFL.
Do you support efforts within the state of Alabama to remove monuments to the Confederacy from public grounds?
Strongly/somewhat support: 34.6%
Strongly/somewhat oppose: 56.1%
Voters who most strongly supported removal efforts include voters who strongly disapprove of the President (46.9% strongly), African Americans (37.8% strongly), and Democrats (37.5% strongly).
Voters who most strongly opposed removal efforts include voters who strongly approve of President Trump (70.6% strongly), Republicans (62.3% strongly), and evangelicals (52.5% strongly).
What is your opinion of NFL players who decide to kneel during the national anthem, in protest of what some players call “a country that oppresses black people and people of color”?
Strongly/somewhat support: 41.6%
Strongly/somewhat oppose: 53.4%
Protesting players have the strongest support among those who strongly disapprove of President Trump (68.5%), African-Americans (63.4% strongly), and Democrats (60.1% strongly). They have the strongest opposition among voters who strongly approve of the President (84.6% strongly), Republicans (71.4% strongly), and evangelical voters (58% strongly).
Is it really this close?
Always the question to ask when a poll is released, and one we asked ourselves as soon as we received the results. While the state of Alabama has not elected a Democratic U.S. Senator since Richard Shelby (who converted to a Republican after the 1994 midterm), Roy Moore has a general election record we can look at, their narrow win in 2012 to become Chief Justice of the State Supreme Court:
Moore underperformed Republican Presidential candidate Mitt Romney by eighteen points, losing Madison and Mobile counties and winning on the strengths of Republican rural pockets. It is entirely possible that they have a closer contest than anticipated this year as well: it's a special election, it's in December, and Democrats have overperformed in every Congressional special election this year.
But, it is Alabama, and Moore has a dedicated base of evangelical voters that carried them through two rounds of primaries and won't abandon them over the next eleven weeks. The President has reiterated they will campaign for Moore if needed (while campaigning for their rival, incumbent Senator Luther Strange), and they remain a popular figure in the state.
The full methodology and crosstabs can be accessed here.
*Found poetry.
Key Questions of 2009
This article has been reproduced in a new format and may be missing content or contain faulty links. Contact wiredlabs@wired.com to report an issue.
1. Where is the frostbite? (what is allowed to fall to a clearing price)?
business models requiring a loan, leverage, international trade or expensive oil.
2. What is the extent of the brain damage? (what will not come back)?
business models that can't internally fund working capital and require debt to fund on-going operations.
3. Where is the gangrene? (What is being propped up in an effort to postpone reality?) business models funded by taxes and other forms of coercive funding.
4. What benefits from price-blindness? (where will positive cash-flows come from?)
local business models that cannot be outsourced globally.
5. What are the owned-unknowns? (Where will productivity-growth/innovation come from?)
First anthrax outbreak since 1941. Picture: Vesti Yamal
Up to 1,200 deer have been lost in the Yamalsky district in Yamalo-Nenets autonomous region, as urgent action is underway to inoculate 'at risk' nomads including children. A total of nine have been hospitalised, including four children, with two of those in intensive care suspected of suffering from dangerous anthrax.
It is the first outbreak of deadly infection anthrax in 75 years, and a strict quarantine regime was put in place by governor Dmitry Kobylkin, including mass evacuation of herders most at risk, and their families.
Initially it was thought a heat wave in the tundra region, which straddles the Arctic Circle, was responsible for sudden reindeer deaths.
Now it is feared anthrax has played a major part in the deaths.
People evacuated from the area. Pictures: Vesti Yamal
Deep concern focuses on nomadic herders and their families in the Tarko-Sale Faktoria camp, above the Arctic Circle and close to the Yaro To lake, some 340 kilometres north-east of regional capital Salekhard.
We are indebted to Prof Florian Stammler, Arctic Centre, Lapland, Rovaniemi, Finland - who knows the area well - for clarifying initial confusion over the location of the outbreak.
'There is a doctor near the breeders - there are 63 of them - who monitors their health condition,' said a statement from the governor's office. 'As a preventive measure all the nomads from the area will be flown to another part of the tundra for preventive inoculation.
'A helicopter has already been sent to their camp.'
Gazprom Dobycha Nadym agreed to provide the helicopter - and children were to be placed in a a boarding school in Yar-Sale temporarily.
Mass vaccination of 'all nomads of Yamal district' has not been ruled out. Some 1,200 reindeer have been lost so far but it is unclear how many of these to anthrax, and how many to heatstroke following unusually hot weather with temperatures of 30C or more.
Young reindeer are being culled due to the demise of their mothers, leaving them unable to feed.
'Based on a comprehensive analysis, experts confirmed that the mortality of the reindeer is caused not only by heatstroke [the animals are unaccustomed to such high temperatures] but also by a sickness - anthrax,' said the report.
The herders will have to avoid this area for a few decades. Pictures: Vesti Yamal
The contamination of a disease that can remain infectious for more than a century could have been from a herd uncovering the burial place of an infected reindeer from the past.
'There are no cattle mortuaries in the area but considering the viability of the infectious agent of anthrax - 100 years and more - and its resistance to the change of temperatures professionals assume that animals looking for food came across the site of an animal that died of anthrax and then infected each other. Therefore the locality - a reindeer path - will be fenced off.'
Measures are now being taken for the disposal of the dead animals. Healthy animals from the affected herd will undergo additional vaccination.
Money for clearing the area will be assigned from budget reserves of the Yamalo Nenets autonomous district.
Every dead animal will be burnt separately in the location where it died.
However, Vyacheslav Khritin, head of Salekhard Vet Centre, said; 'We will have to dispose the calves born this year that are left without mothers. All the corpses that died over some four or five kilometres, we'll gather them and will build a large cattle cemetery.'
A reliable cemetery will be built with special equipment that will only reach the location only in a few days. And herders will avoid the area for a few decades.
They won't be burnt all together not to spread the disease. Samples of infected animals were sent to additional analysis to Moscow.
Anthrax is an infection caused by the bacterium Bacillus anthracis. Pictures: Vesti Yamal
A spokesperson for the governor said: 'This case won't affect exports or the quality of meat.'
Most exports go to Germany, Sweden and Finland. This case is local, it is about one one centre - Yaroto lake in Yamalsky district.
'No other centres (of anthrax infection) have been discovered.
'Control and safety measures have been restricted across the whole region. There is no single chance that infected venison will make it to slaughter complex: all of them, each and every patch is thoroughly checked in line with the highest standards.
'We're interested in exporting high-quality venison just like it has always been. Our long-term history with foreign partners says that we are trusted and our reputation is precious. We're hoping that this situation will not impact on attitudes towards Yamal products.'
Anthrax is an infection caused by the bacterium Bacillus anthracis. Among its forms are inhalation, which leads to fever, chest pain, and shortness of breath. The intestinal form presents with nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, or abdominal pain.
Until the 20th century, it killed hundreds of thousands of people and livestock each year.
Anthrax has been developed as a lethal weapon in the past.
By Captain Eric H. May, Ghost Troop CO
* The news from Chicago, ‘NATO 3' had targeted Obama campaign HQ, Rahm's house, police stations, prosecutors say, attempts to portray the likely victimizers as victims.
The United States is hosting the G8, NATO and the Bilderberg Group in a two-week span, during which elite Russian troops will be occupying key points near Northern Command (NORTHCOM), and it isn't hard to imagine another 9/11 coming from such a sinister combination of brains and brawn.
Starting with the premise that a false flag attack by the end of May is more likely than not, I'll present the odds for the top targets and most dangerous days, then evaluate the various entities and individuals likely to be involved.
The top U.S. targets are:
Chicago: 50% Houston: 20% Portland: 10% USS Enterprise: 10% San Antonio: 5% Las Vegas: 5%
(Source: MAY MEMO: Top Ten False Flag Terror Targets)
The most likely attack days are:
May 20, Sunday: 10% May 21, Monday: 15% May 22, Tuesday: 20% May 23, Wednesday: 15% May 24, Thursday: 10% May 25-27: unlikely May 28, Monday: 5% May 29, Tuesday: 10% May 30, Wednesday: 10% May 31, Thursday 5%
The probable perpetrators are:
The United States, which in 1962 considered implementation of Operation Northwoods, according to ABC News. It was a false flag plan, prepared and proposed by the Joint Chiefs of Staff, based on the targeting of both the military and civilians to provoke a war against Castro's Cuba.
Israel, which had its fingerprints all over 9/11, according to the four-part Fox News investigative story Israeli Spy Ring,. The Dec 2001 story, which the network soon purged from its files, asserted that Israeli intelligence and demolitions operatives were involved, and that federal investigators had been told not to investigate the matter. The Jewish Nation's position is pretty much summed up in the May 6 JTA article: Obama should be more explicit about strike.
The United Kingdom, which was conducting terror training during the 2005 G8 meeting when the 7/7 attacks occurred in London. The “training” scenario was exactly what happened, according to exercise participant Peter Power's BBC interview, given just hours after the event.
Russia, which has sent an unspecified number of its elite airborne troops to participate in terror training in and around U.S. Northern Command (NORTHCOM), May 24-31. The unsettling scenario is: Russian Troops to ‘Seize CIA Facility' in Elaborate War Games on U.S. Soil. This will be the first-ever operation by Russian soldiers in America, and public affairs officers are doing their best to downplay it, but it doesn't pass the smell test for Cold Warriors — even the Russian ones.
There has been a precedent for U.S./Russian military counterterrorism cooperation. On Aug 8, 2010, this headline appeared: Russian, US Air Forces defend commercial aircraft in first-ever joint exercises. A day later, during the exercise and inside the exercise parameters, this headline followed: Former senator Ted Stevens dies in a plane crash.
At present Russia is playing the spoiler to Western geostrategy, from supporting Iranian and Syrian sovereignty to opposing the development of a U.S. missile shield in Europe. All the tensions invite a breakthrough, like the sudden alliance between the Soviet Union and Germany in 1939, which entailed the invasion and partition of Poland by Hitler and Stalin.
Russian Airborne Troops To Take And Hold Denver Airport The most puzzling question in the minds of Russian military analysts is why the Americans are using Russian airborne troops to be the “protectors” of these vital US intelligence resources instead of the “aggressors” as has always been the case historically. One speculation in this report, however, does note that the scenario to be played out in late May, in Colorado, as planned by the Americans, does, indeed, mirror similar plans of the Russian General Staff of actions to be taken in the case of sudden civil war where “outside forces” would be called upon to protect the government from overthrow by internal forces or armed rebellion by the military.
The G8, which control most of the world's wealth. They met at Camp David May 19-20, after the Obama administration to move them from their host city of Chicago: G8 summit moved to Camp David last-minute. Students of terrorism will recall that the same G8 was having its 2005 meeting in the UK when the London bus bombings happened. Has the 2012 meeting been a pre-attack strategy session?
NATO, which conducted a false flag mass murder program, Operation Gladio, during the Cold War, according to the New York Times. Gladio carried out assassinations and bombings, putting the blame on left-wing terrorist groups in an attempt to keep public opinion in favor of the military alliance.
The Bilderberg Group, which is comprised of more than 100 of the international elite. It will be meeting in Virginia May 31 – June 3, under a rigidly enforced media blackout, to consider (some say control) the course of world events.
Barack Obama, who has skeletons in their closet, making them susceptible to blackmail. In fact, in the topsy-turvy post-9/11 world, they were probably selected as president because they could be controlled, making them a mere operative of the powers that be. In my article last week, Chicago's First False Flag “Barack Attack”, I demonstrated that the notorious Dead Chimp editorial cartoon, published on Feb 18, 2009, was directed at Obama for a Chicago false flag foul-up. The impending Barack Attack is better-prepared:
The immediate threat against Obama is hidden in plain sight, on the cover of the latest issue of Newsweek. There, for millions to see, is a picture of the president, multi-colored halo above, with the provocative caption “OUR FIRST GAY PRESIDENT.” It's at best poor payment for Barack's coming out in favor of gay marriage, a cause dear to the media. At worst it's a not-so-subtle threat to “out” the president for past or present homosexual or bisexual behavior, the kind of ruinous charge that most men would do anything to avoid.
Rahm Emanuel, whose loyalty to their country is paramount, and who will do anything to serve its interests. Unfortunately for Chicagoans, that country isn't the United States. Their Israel-first credentials are impeccable: their father was a member of the Jewish terrorist Irgun, and Rahm served in the Israeli military during the First Gulf War. Accentuating their desire to be the Rudy Giuliani of Chicago was their selection of a new top cop shortly after coming into office last year: Garry McCarthy's leadership skills forged in 9/11 aftermath.
The Secret Service, which might check 9/11-style presidential outlawry. At present it's being blackmailed, its peccadilloes turned into an albatross by a sudden show of morality. Judgment day comes at crunch time: Secret Service sex scandal: Congressional hearing set for May 23. It's all reminiscent of the Clinton/Lewinsky affair, and in the limelight for both that and now this scandal is Joe Lieberman, who chairs the Senate Homeland Security Committee. Howling and scowling Peter King, who chairs the House Homeland Security Committee, is their sidekick. A couple of months ago the latter chairperson fed the media this welcome fodder: We have a duty to prepare for the worst': Peter King says Iran has hundreds of Hezbollah agents in the U.S.
The FBI, which can be counted on to do everything in its power to facilitate another false flag, as it did with the Oklahoma City bombing and 9/11.
The CIA, which is headed by General David Petraeus.  They are officially known for leading U.S. forces in two failed wars, and unofficially for ordering the assassination of their too-scrupulous subordinate, Colonel Ted Westhusing.
+ + +
Captain Eric H. May is a former Army NCO and officer, with specialties in nuclear, biological and chemical warfare, military intelligence and public affairs.  They are also a former NBC editorial writer who has published widely, from Military Intelligence Magazine to The Wall Street Journal. After the invasion of Iraq they undertook a mission of conscience, joining other informed veterans to form Ghost Troop. Since 2004 they have operated to prevent the next 9/11 (9/11/2B). In recognition of their successes, in 2010 The Lone Star Iconoclast published the editorial Captain Eric H. May Deserves Medal Of Honor.
Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play. Advertisement A rollerblading Belfast pensioner has been fined £300 after they were filmed skating along a street in England. Geoff Dornan, 71, now living in Ormskirk, Lancashire, was caught on CCTV skating through Chapel Street in Southport in October 2008. They said it was to keep fit, but Sefton Council said their rollerblading was a nuisance and a danger to the public. Mr Dornan was found guilty on two counts of breaching a by-law but has since lodged an appeal. I think people suspect that I am more dangerous than I am
Geoff Dornan They were also ordered to pay £1,800 costs, but the fines were suspended after Andrew Scott, defending, said an appeal notice had been handed to the prosecution. The appeal case will be heard at a crown court at a later date. In their defence, Mr Dornan, a retired youth worker, told the court they took up rollerblading seven years ago as a way of keeping fit. They said they enjoyed skating down the town's main street as they enjoyed moving to the music from buskers, but they insisted that they always gave right of way to pedestrians. They also told the court they tried to give people as much space as possible and used their rollerblades responsibly. Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play. They said: "The reason I do the skating is primarily for my health benefit. "I think people suspect that I am more dangerous than I am." But the council said they were contravening a by-law which forbids skating on Chapel Street. The by-law states that "no person shall skate, slide or ride on rollers, skateboards or other self-propelled vehicles in such a manner as to cause danger or annoyance". Chairman of the bench, Fraser Wallace, said: "We find the manner of your skating put pedestrians at risk and exposed them to harm." They said it was clear Chapel Street was not meant to be used as a "skate park" and said Dornan's behaviour "causes a danger" to the public. You can listen to an interview with Geoff Dornan on Radio Ulster's Good Morning Ulster programme after 0800 GMT on Wednesday.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Activists rally in support of Planned Parenthood and women's reproductive rights at the National Mall in Washington, D.C., on April 7, 2011. (Jewel Samad/AFP/Getty Images)
With a new Congress in office, battles over reproductive healthcare access came back with a vengeance.
In Mississippi, anti-choice advocates introduced a "personhood amendment" that would give fertilized ova the status of "persons."
Early this year, in response to a wave of anti-choice and anti-reproductive health legislation, pro-choice advocates began talking about a new War On Women. In fact, it was a war on many people, and many things: Choice, contraceptive access, dignity, and common sense all ranked high on the list of targets. But as the year draws to a close, it's worth considering a few of the most notable battles waged in the name of restricting people's access to reproductive justice, and where we stand today.
The battle of rape redefinition
In January, John Boehner's Congress indicated its highly practical, jobs-focused priorities by almost immediately introducing a bill to restrict abortion access: HR 3, the “No Taxpayer Funding for Abortion Act.” This bill was related to jobs primarily in that it denied tax credits to businesses that provided insurance plans that covered abortions, and in fact, taxpayer funding for abortions was already restricted under the Hyde Amendment. HR3 would have narrowed the rape and incest exemptions within Hyde, applying them only to victims who had been “forcibly raped.” Nick Baumann at Mother Jones broke the news of the “forcible rape” language, and a wave of protest followed.
NICK BAUMANN, Mother Jones: What we saw in early 2011 was some of the same people who fought the culture war battles of the early 1990s refighting them on a new stage. Remember, the rape and incest exceptions to the Hyde Amendment were pushed through with social conservative support as part of their successful effort to avert a total repeal of the Hyde Amendment… Ever since then, social conservatives have been trying to narrow those exceptions. The “redefining rape” measure was part of that effort.
OUTCOME: The “forcible rape” language was removed, but HR3 itself passed the House. There was good news this week related to how the government defines rape, however: After pressure from feminist activists, the FBI is changing its own definition of rape, which was narrow, relied uncomfortably on the idea of force, and hadn't been updated since 1929.
The battle of Planned Parenthood
In early February, anti-choice activist and “aspiring actor” Lila Rose arranged a hidden-camera “sting” of Planned Parenthood. Them organization, Live Action, apparently doctored the resulting audio; the results sounded incriminating. Meanwhile, in accordance with the highly theatrical whims of Rose, the right wing mobilized to defund Planned Parenthood, because all legislative priorities should be influenced by people who do odd, unpleasant street theater. Next up: A bill on campaign finance reform, sponsored by that guy who used to dance with a mannequin in the subway.
STEPH HEROLD, @iamdrtiller: “These politicians want to re-criminalize abortion, and if they think taking away access to birth control, pap smears, pre-natal care, and Well Woman exams is the way to do it, they'll go for it. This also puts Planned Parenthood in the awkward position of having to defend themselves for providing basic healthcare and distance themselves from abortion, which is really unfortunate, and re-stigmatizes abortion.”
OUTCOME: A bill to defund Planned Parenthood was rejected by the Senate in March, but the fight continues at the state level. Six states defunded Planned Parenthood in 2011.
The battles for blatant ridiculousness
Aside from these nationwide battles, there have been several fights at the state level which deserve your time, attention, and incredulous laughter: In Georgia, Representative Bobby Franklin introduced a bill that would classify abortion as “prenatal murder” and investigate any miscarriage for evidence of “human involvement,” which led to their office receiving unsolicited photos of tampons and used menstrual pads.
In Mississippi, anti-choice advocates introduced a “personhood amendment” that would give fertilized ova the status of “persons” and thereby potentially ban birth control and (again) criminalize miscarriages; this was defeated. In Ohio, anti-choice advocates moved to ban abortion after the point at which a fetal heartbeat could be detected – sometimes as little as four weeks into the pregnancy–and called actual fetuses to “testify” (read: to have heartbeats).
That fight, despite all reason, is still ongoing.
OUTCOME: When fetuses are allowed to testify, everyone loses. Unfortunately, we were unable to interview any fetuses for this section of the article.
The battle for the future
And so that, in part, was 2011: A few wins, and a lot of stalemates. And, recently, one important loss: The loss of the right to provide emergency contraception over the counter, regardless of the purchaser's age.
To end the year on such a loss does not seem to bode well for 2012, where many of these fights will no doubt continue, and new battles will have to be fought. So I asked some pro-choice advocates and journalists for their thoughts on the future. Look away now if you want a happy ending.
Amanda Marcotte, Pandagon: “[The] war on contraception is probably the most significant development. This is the year that anti-choicers really took it to the next level. They mostly lost this year. They didn't get Planned Parenthood's contraception subsidies cut. They lost the fight to keep contraception off the list of preventive services. But they did win the fight to keep Plan B from being sold over-the-counter with no age restrictions. My concern is that their steady drumbeat of anti-contraception freakouts will eventually make contraception ‘controversial' in the way that abortion is, justifying ‘compromises' that restrict access.”
Eesha Pandit, advocate and blogger: “The bans on race and sex selective abortion have been particularly insidious. They came during a year in which billboards have gone up all over the country, in Illinois, Missouri, Florida, Texas, California, Tennessee and many other states, attacking Black and Latina women who choose to have abortions… [The] Susan B. Anthony and Frederick Douglass Prenatal Nondiscrimination Act of 2009, reintroduced a couple of weeks ago by Rep. Trent Franks of Arizona, is a perfect example of the kinds of things we'll see next year. Anti-choice activists and legislators think they've hit on a winning formula of divisive identity politics.”
Nick Baumann: “One really interesting thing about this year was that most of the anti-abortion rights measures that passed or were considered in the House had no chance of becoming law… there's certainly a case to be made that social conservatives overreached – their legislative push certainly got reproductive rights groups and their allies fired up.”
OUTCOME: See you next year.
Says.com
Intel is expected to release a wireless charging bowl by the end of 2014. During a speech at MakerCon in New York, Intel CEO Brian Krzanich confirmed that the wireless charging bowl will be on the market around the end of the year. The pricing of the bowl is expected to be announced in the next few weeks.
The bowl measures 10 inches in diameter and should therefore be around the size of a normal bowl that is filled with chips or other snacks. The bowl uses resonant charging technology that is based on the Alliance 4 Wireless Power (A4WP) standard. This means that you will be able to charge multiple devices at one time. There are no wires required and you don't have to line anything up precisely.
Intel developed the charging bowl after a team of Intel workers sat around a table and thought of a way to create a plug on a device that allowed the device to be charged. A female member of the group mentioned that they like to toss their jewelry into a bowl at the end of the day and the concept began from that point.
They also shared the smart charging bowl's less than glamorous journey from concept to production, joking that a team simply bought a cheap bowl at Walmart that they then wired up. When it worked surprisingly well, they bought a slightly better bowl from Target and tried again. Eventually a custom bowl was designed that will go on sale soon. – GizMag
Wired.co.uk
During their speech, Krzanich also mentioned a number of other products that Intel is working on including “smart earbuds” which have since been called the BioSport In-Ear Headphones. Intel is also working with fasion house Opening Ceremony to create the first luxury smart bracelet.
Summary
· International Business Machine Corp (NYSE:IBM)'s revenues have now fallen in 12 straight quarters, causing the stock price to fall in that time.
· The company has been going offloading low-value assets while going through a fundamental transition, improving the profitability of the company.
· Promising growth in strategic businesses and partnerships to take advantage of opportunities in the healthcare field point to a promising future.
· Now is a good time to invest in this company, as the price will not fall any further and will soar when revenue growth returns.
For the 12th straight quarter, International Business Machines Corp. saw its revenue drop compared to the year-earlier period. Total revenue from the quarter fell to $19.6 billion from $22.2 billion, while net income fell slightly to $2.33 billion from $2.38 billion. The consistently diminishing revenues have partially been a result of efforts by CEO Ginny Rometty to transform the business. The stock price has fallen 8.5% since they were appointed CEO, vastly underperforming in a time when the S&P 500 index has surged. The company has maintained for years that it would struggle while transforming the business, but actual results have still not occurred. This could change later this year, as the signs are finally there for IBM to start organically growing its revenue after the transformation. Low value assets have been sold off, revenue looks to have reached a bottom, and the company is investing in strategic imperatives to complete the fundamental transformation that has been years in the making.
Revenue Numbers Misleading
The falling revenue numbers have been the headline for IBM's earnings reports for the last three years now, as they have been interpreted as a sign that the once dominant company is struggling to keep up with the evolving marketplace. As companies continue to move away from large mainframes, instead stitching together many cheaper computer servers to get supercomputer performance or moving to the cloud, IBM's hardware business has been seen as dying or already dead. Some of this talk has merit, as the company did sell its server business to Lenovo.
Most of the hardware business that IBM has been selling off did not have good margins, providing little value to the company. While taking these assets off its books has damaged the company's revenue numbers, they have actually helped the profit margins the company has made, making it a better value investment. And even though the company is transitioning away from hardware to other strategic investments, it does not mean that IBM does not get value from its hardware legacy. Its brand-new System Z mainframe performed very well during the previous quarter, and the hardware business reported 30% year-over-year growth thanks to sales of these machines.
The decreasing revenues overall from this segment over the past three years will make the company stronger in the long run, as increased revenues from other segments that are growing rapidly will provide better profit margins. Along with the removal of assets that provided no value to the company from its books, IBM also took a hit from currency headwinds, as most companies have during the past couple of quarters. The company receives more than half of its revenue from overseas, and now expects a 7% impact from currency effects, more than it had previously expected.
Taking into account the business segments that have been taken off the books and the currency headwinds, revenue was actually flat from the year-earlier period. With the second quarter of the year expected to see an increase in mainframe hardware sales, it now appears possible that revenue might finally be bottoming out and could be set to start increasing within the next year. This will depend upon the ability of the strategic investments to grow at a faster pace than the traditional business retreats.
Strategic Imperatives Showing Promise
As IBM transitions away from hardware, it is organizing its future around cloud, the internet of things, and analytics. These business segments were up 30% when taking out currency effects, and up 20% even including those currency headwinds. These strategic investments will need to keep this pace of growth going forward for IBM to turn their revenue performance around. Revenue from the cloud business grew by 60% compared to the year before period, and is on pace to do $3.8 billion in business this year. This is still minor in comparison to its overall top line, but the growth prospects show that this business segment is making progress in the growing cloud market.
The analytics segment is up 12% compared to last year as well, where IBM has been a major player for years. The transition to this business is not as large of a shift based off what IBM is doing. Instead, it is placing a bigger emphasis on this field, as it has become increasingly popular among companies as they try to analyze data from mobile devices, big data, and cloud computing. IBM is continuing to emphasize the need to grow these businesses, as it is investing $4 billion this year on software and services delivered in the cloud. These businesses accounted for $25 billion, or 27% of annual revenue. IBM is hoping to increase the revenue from these businesses to $40 billion, which would be 40% of their annual revenue goal, by 2018.
Besides the planned investment into business segments that the company hopes it can grow quickly, IBM is also entering into partnerships with other firms to help get their businesses into consumers' hands. Is has an ambitious partnership with Apple Inc., in which it is releasing apps for specific industries, such as airlines and retail, as well as a partnership with Twitter Inc., in which it will be able to analyze consumer's tweets for firms of any size. The most interesting partnerships, though, are ones in healthcare with companies like Apple and Johnson and Johnson, along with several hospitals, as it attempts to become a major player in this field.
Experts agree that the linking together of all the massive computers that now hold medical information is the biggest opportunity presently available. IBM hopes to take advantage using its Watson artificial intelligence to make sense of the overwhelming amounts of medical data that is out there. Its partnership with Apple allows Watson based apps to collect info from consumers using HealthKit and ResearchKit. Similarly, a partnership with Medtronic will allow Watson to create an internet of things around the company's medical gadgets. It will collect data for patients' personal use and help doctors understand how well the devices are working.
IBM is not the only company that is attempting to take advantage of the opportunity in this field. Watson already has partnerships announced with the health insurer Anthem and medical centers including M.D. Anderson, Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center, and The Cleveland Clinic. Anecdotal reports so far have been positive, and IBM is convinced that the size and scale of Watson makes it capable of transforming the industry, allowing software to use data remotely while keeping it secure.
Algorithmic Analysis
I Know First is a financial services firm that utilizes an advanced self-learning algorithm to analyze, model and predict the stock market. The algorithm produces a forecast with a signal and a predictability indicator. The signal is the number in the middle of the box. The predictability is the number at the bottom of the box. At the top, a specific asset is identified. This format is consistent across all predictions.
The signal represents the predicted movement direction or trend, and is not a percentage or specific target price. The signal strength indicates how much the current price deviates from what the system considers an equilibrium or “fair” price. The signal can have a positive (predicted increase) or negative (predicted decline) sign. The heat map is arranged according to the signal strength with the strongest up signals at the top, while down signals are at the bottom. The table colors are indicative of the signal. Green corresponds to the positive signal and red indicates a negative signal. A deeper color means a stronger signal and a lighter color equals a weaker signal.
The predictability indicator measures the importance of the signal. The predictability is the historical correlation between the prediction and the actual market movement for that particular asset, which is recalculated daily. Theoretically the predictability ranges from minus one to plus one. The higher this number is the more predictable the particular asset is. If you compare predictability for different time ranges, you'll find that the longer time ranges have higher predictability. This means that longer-range signals are more important and tend to be more accurate.
Figure 1. Algorithmic Analysis of IBM For The 1-Month And 3-Month Time Horizons.
The figure above is a one-month and three-month forecast for IBM from April 21st, 2015. IBM has a weak bullish outlook in both forecasts. This fits well with the fundamental analysis for the company, as the stock price is likely to trend slightly higher until the company is able to start growing its revenue. This means that investors should go ahead and purchase the stock, as the stock price will soar much higher when revenue growth does occur, with the P/E ratio moving back to industry averages from its extremely low current level. With the impressive return to investors that IBM has historically provided to investors, it is worth purchasing now, as good times are ahead for this historic company.
About the author:
You know those mornings when you feel like deviating from your normal breakfast routine? What's worse is that you can rarely prepare for these moments. As a result, you're angry and toss random snacks in your mouth to kill the hunger. Fear Not! You need to try a Chocolate Smoothie Bowl with Pomegranate and Hazelnuts.
It doesn't require long preparation and cooking, but instead can be made with many different ingredients that are available in your fridge. Pomegranate and hazelnuts are one of my favorite combos, plus they go well with the main chocolate flavor. However, you can be creative and replace these ingredients with some other goodies. My favorite way to enjoy this smoothie bowl is by mixing in hazelnuts and pomegranate seeds because it gives a nice crunchy texture. You can make your smoothie bowl with simple toppings. Count me in!
Wednesday night's game between the Capitals and the Flyers is significant for two reasons: first, it's the only Caps game to be played in a thirteen-day period; second, it's the first time Michal Neuvirth will face the Washington Capitals in a regular season game. Better yet, this is the first time Neuvy will face their weakest competition yet in the opposing net.
We cannot wait.
Drafted in the second round of the 2006 draft, Czech-born Michal Neuvirth was the second in a long line of good goalies selected by the Caps under George McPhee and goaltender coach Dave Prior. Neuvirth helped the Hershey Bears to back-to-back Calder Cups in 2009 and 2010, but in 134 games for the Caps, Neuvirth did not pan out. Neuvy offered a disappointing .910 save percentage while struggling with injury and splitting time with Semyon Varlamov and Braden Holtby. Washington's second-round sweep at the hands of the Tampa Bay Lightning in 2011 was mostly the fault of Neuvirth' sub-.870 save percentage.
One year later, Neuvirth told a Czech website that they had a mortal lock on the Caps' number-one goalie spot. Our translation of that interview:
“I'm starting the season sure that I want to play forty/fifty games and I am really sure that I have the weakest competition (Braden Holtby) I've ever had. I will try to be number one goalie this season. Finally!”
Mikey did not like our translation and said some not nice stuff about us, so we paid a well-respected and pretty expensive company to verify our translation, which they did.
Neuvirth played poorly in the remainder of their time in Washington. During Adam Oates' shitty tenure, Neuvirth requested a trade. In early 2014, they got it. George McPhee traded Neuvirth to acquire Jaroslav Halak for another ill-fated Caps playoff run.
Alex Ovechkin, Michal Neuvirth, Martin Erat eat dinner. 2013-2014 was not fun.
Since leaving DC, Neuvirth has done okay, helping the Buffalo Sabres keep some dignity, struggling in Long Island, and then stealing the starting spot from Steve Mason in Philadelphia, where Neuvy has put up a .934 save percentage this season.
But since the trade, Braden Holtby has faced twice as many shots as Neuvirth and done distinctly better with them (.928 vs .923 in all situations, .932 to .930 in adjusted 5v5 save percentage, thanks WOI). The guy Neuvirth called their “weakest competition yet” turned out to be not only the Caps franchise goalie, but also the league's best goalie, the current leading Vezina contender and a dark horse for the Hart. Plus Holtby grows way better facial hair.
But we should remember the good times, like that time they stretched, or those times they shut out the Pens twice in a row, or that time they got married at a castle like a goth kid.
Good luck tonight, Mikey.
Advertisements
Share this story: Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Tumblr
Pinterest
A report from Child Trends examines the impact of emotional support for mothers on familial relationships and child outcomes among disadvantaged families. The researchers measured the effect of emotional support – often found in healthly, reassuring relationships – of mothers on the variables of school engagement, school competence and symptoms of depression in their children. Findings include,
The children of mothers reporting emotional support were more engaged in school than those of mothers lacking emotional support. These findings held across three groups – among single mothers (74 percent versus 67 percent), mothers who did not finish high-school (75 percent versus 70 percent), and in low income families (76 percent versus 70 percent).
The children of mothers reporting emotional support were more likely to have social competence than children with mothers lacking support across the same three groups – single mothers (56 percent to 43 percent), mothers who did not finish high school (49 percent versus 38 percent), and households below the poverty line (54 percent versus 41 percent).
Overall, data indicate that youth with mothers who have emotional support in their lives experience better behavioral outcomes than their peers from families lacking this specific protective factor. The implications of these findings should resonate with nonprofit and community organizations who work with low-income families or in disadvantaged neighborhoods and inform their programmatic offerings.
The report, Disadvantaged Families and Child Outcomes: The Importance of Emotional Support for Mothers by Tawana Bandy, B.S., Kristine M. Andrews, Ph.D., and Kristin Anderson Moore, Ph.D. is available at the Child Trends site.
Last name: Banker SDB Popularity ranking: 7382
This name, with variant spellings Bankes and Banker, derives from the Northern Middle English "bank(e)", itself coming from the Old Danish "banke" meaning a ridge or hillside, and was originally given as a topographical name to someone who lived on the slope of a hillside or by a riverbank. The final "s" on the name preserves the Olde English genitive ending i.e., "of the bank". The surname was first recorded towards the end of the 13th Century (see below). One Matthew Banke appeared in the Subsidy Rolls of Suffolk, dated 1327, and on June 21st 1546, Alse, daughter of John Banks, was christened in St. Antholin's, Budge Row, London. A John Banks of Devon was entered in the Oxford University Register, dated 1597. The famous "dancing horse", Morocco, to which allusion is made by all the best authors of the day, was owned by the Scottish showman, Banks, who flourished 1588 - 1637. The works of Sir Edward Banks (1769 - 1835), who was knighted 1822, include Waterloo, Southwark, and London Bridges. The first recorded spelling of the family name is shown to be that of Walter del Banck, which was dated 1297, in the "Subsidy Rolls of Yorkshire", during the reign of King Edward 1, known as "The Hammer of the Scots", 1272 - 1307. Surnames became necessary when governments introduced personal taxation. In England this was known as Poll Tax. Throughout the centuries, surnames in every country have continued to "develop" often leading to astonishing variants of the original spelling.
© Copyright: Name Origin Research 1980 - 2017
Today we learned from the Guardian newspaper that Federal judges and Attorney General Eric Holder signed off on an NSA request to make use of information it “inadvertently” collected on Americans without a warrant. According to the paper, the NSA was given permission to retain our intercepted information for a broad and vaguely defined variety of reasons, including “if they contain usable intelligence, information on criminal activity, threat of harm to people or property, are encrypted, or are believed to contain any information relevant to cybersecurity.” That could cover almost anything.This revelation suggests that the president was not telling the truth recently when they assured us that “nobody is listening to your phone calls.” Not only is someone listening, but they have been given secret permission to keep the information they collected for future use against us!When the White House and Congressional leaders were pressuring Members into voting for the PATRIOT Act and the FISA Amendments, they assured Congress that Americans would not be targeted. The skeptics who voiced concerns about the unconstitutionality of the measures were said to be over-reacting. But as many of us suspected at the time, they were not being honest. Does it make any difference whether the information collected on us without a warrant and kept for future use was the result of “targeted” or “inadvertent” collection?The Administration and Congress is angry over recent revelations of the full extent of the US government spying on its citizens not because it threatens national security, but because they expose the morally indefensible actions of police state tactics in what is supposed to be a society under the rule of law.Copyright 2013, The Ron Paul Institute for Peace and Prosperity. Article may be freely reproduced in whole or in part provided full credit is given and a live link provided.
AAP leaders may wish otherwise but a Hindustan Times-C fore survey on Saturday revealed that 83% respondents feel that the rift in the party is hurting the image of Arvind Kejriwal's government.
Fifty-five per cent of 2,036 people surveyed said Kejriwal was turning AAP into a one-leader party.
In fact, 37% respondents blamed Kejriwal for the internal squabble and 25% thought their supporters were responsible. While 13% felt both groups were equally responsible for the turmoil, 16% felt it was the fault of Yadav and Bhushan.
The rift in the party became visible when Yadav called Kejriwal a dictator in a letter last June.
Now with both of them at loggerheads with the Kejriwal camp, 70% respondents felt the infighting was taking the focus away from the poll promises. Only 23% disagreed while the rest couldn't decide. Also, few seemed impressed with the performance of the AAP government in the first month.
Six per cent respondents rated the performance of the Delhi government over last one month as excellent, 22% thought it was good though 34% called it average. While 21% of those surveyed did not have an opinion, 17% found the government's show poor.
AAP founder members Yadav and Bhushan, who had challenged Kejriwal's leadership, were on Saturday removed from the party's powerful national executive by an overwhelming majority at the national council meet, a move slammed as "murder of democracy" by the duo.
Amid high drama, a resolution to remove the two dissident leaders was passed by around 230 of around 300 national council members present in the meeting.
After making an emotional speech, party convenor Kejriwal left the venue before the resolution to remove the two leaders was introduced by Manish Sisodia.
As the action unfolded Saturday, HT also ran online polls asking its readers whether the duel is going to affect party's image and how do they rate the government's performance.
According to one online poll — the respondents for which volunteered and were not chosen scientifically — 81.98% respondents feel that the rift in AAP is hurting the image of Kejriwal's government. 48.76% people feel that Kejriwal is responsible for the internal squabble in AAP whereas 21.29% feel Bhushan and Yadav are responsible for the squabble. While 10.79% felt Kejriwal's supporters were responsible, 16.63% felt all of them were to be blamed.
79.66% respondents think Kejriwal is trying to turn AAP into a one-leader party whereas 16.08% disagree. Only 4.26% said they couldn't decide.
On being asked if infighting in AAP is taking the focus away from the poll promises made to the citizens of Delhi, 81.7% people said yes. 14.6% respondents disagreed whereas 3.7% had no opinion.
When asked to rate the performance of the Kejriwal government over the last one month, a massive 55.61% people gave poor rating and only 9.69% termed it excellent. 10.42% respondents said the government performed good whereas 17.17% rated it average. 7.11% respondents had no opinion.
First Published: Mar 29, 2015 02:23 IST
As Republican state senator from Washington and acting EPA spokesperson Doug Ericksen told USA Today, the grant freeze gave the new administration time to internally review the $3.8 billion in federal funding that the agency sends to states for cleanup and monitoring projects. "As of now, nothing has been delayed. Nothing has been cut. There was simply a pause and everything's up and running," Ericksen said, before explaining that there is another $100 million in grant money that is still under review.
The lack of transparency from the White House caused many employees at the EPA and state regulatory agencies to worry about impending job cuts, but Ericksen blamed the media for causing "undue consternation" and used the confusion to justify locking down the agency's social media accounts after the fact. Ericksen also explained that they expect the EPA's website will be updated to reflect the new administration's stance on climate change once Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt is confirmed as the agency's new boss. During their confirmation hearings, Pruitt said they disagree with Trump's opinion that climate change is a Chinese hoax, but also would not say that they believe human activity is to blame for global warming.
In Tehran, memories of the Shah's brutality are fading and selling imperial wares is becoming less dangerous. But what's really behind the increasing fondness for the pre-1979 era?
Near the grand bazaar in Tehran, over the entrance to the complex housing the ministries of foreign affairs and information, the national museum and the Islamic era museum, is a colourful mural, dating to the time of Reza Shah, depicting symbols of Iranian nationalism including a dignified soldier, a Maxim machine-gun, and crossed Iranian flags.
The flags, sporting the distinctive horizontal bands of red, white and green, have been more recently altered than the rest. On all the flags, the white band in the centre has been painted over with a fresh coat of eggshell white. On the green band below you can see, cut off at the ankles, the paws of a lion and on the red band above you can see the rays of a rising sun.
These are remnants, spared a literal-white washing, of the Shir o Khorshid, or Lion and Sun, a coat of arms that graced the Iranian flag from the mid 19th century until the 1979 Revolution when it was replaced by a stylized version of the word Allah (“God”) written in Arabic script.
Declassified: Washington's hesitant plans for a military coup in pre-revolution Iran Read more
The Shir o Khorshid, a popular Iranian symbol since at least the 12th century, has since the revolution become associated with the deposed monarch Mohammad Reza Shah Pahlavi and their dynasty. After the revolution, the new government of Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini systematically eradicated it from public spaces and government buildings, replacing it with Islamic iconography. Today in Iran nostalgia for the Shah and their government, like the paws of the lion, peeks out from under a coat of white paint.
When I visited the Vakil bazaar in Shiraz or the Jomeh bazaar in Tehran, I saw mountains of Shah-related memorabilia at almost every stall. Vintage Iranian rial notes and postage stamps emblazoned with their face, brass busts of them and their infamously fabulous wife Empress Farah, coffee-table books with full-colour photos of the royal family, countless pendants, rings, and wall hangings depicting the Shir o Khorshid, some vintage and some obviously mass-produced more recently.
Displaying or selling the Shir o Khorshid is technically illegal in Iran, but many shopkeepers told me the police aren't enforcing the law as much as they used to. “It's definitely much safer now,” said Mohammad, 68, who owns shops in the grand bazaar in Tehran, and the Vakil bazaar in Shiraz. “There was a time when you couldn't have that symbol anywhere.”
“You can sell them and they won't bother you,” said Reza, 39, another shopkeeper in Tehran's grand bazaar. “As long as you don't make a big deal out of it. You can't put a flag right out in front of your shop. ”
I bought a Shah-era five-rial coin, engraved with the lion and sun, and I wear it on a silver chain around my neck. It constantly draws comments from people during my daily commute. Once, a man selling socks on the metro came up to me when they saw it.
“God bless their soul,” they said, pointing to my necklace, “I was 11, I remember. The first 11 years of my life were great, the rest have been terrible. I ate good food for the first 11 years and then crap.” They grabbed my collarbone with the firm nerve pinch that some Iranian men use to show affection. “God bless their soul. Don't lose that.”
Another time, in Shiraz, a bus driver when they saw it delayed everyone 15 minutes so they could express in verbose, glowing terms, their love of the Pahlavi family, “They were strong, they came from good blood, from a good tribe, ” they said to me, raising their extended index finger higher and higher into the air as they spoke. “They were powerful, they were able to get things done.”
I was taught in my history classes that the Shah was a tin-pot dictator installed by the CIA to subdue Iran's leftists and secure American access to the country's oil. That they were extravagant and capricious. That their secret police, the Savak, tortured and spied with impunity.
Much of this is probably true. Mohammad Reza was definitely the intended beneficiary of an at-least-attempted CIA coup in 1953. And they were definitely a dictator (though whether they were benevolent or tyrannical is debatable).
Iranian fashion: between the veils Read more
But I must admit to ambivalent feelings towards the Shah and their government. Under the Shah my grandmother gained the right to vote and to divorce their emotionally abusive, opium-addicted husband. My relatives benefitted from their land redistribution and industrial profit-sharing programmes. My father learned to read from the Shah's literacy corps and received government-subsidised meals and textbooks.
So who am I to tell them that they were a lousy guy, that they were a despot, that their policies were too pro-western? They don't care about that. They were starving and they gave them food, that's all they need to know. In my household I was always taught that Mohammad Reza Pahlavi and their father were the greatest leaders Iran ever had. My family loves the man like a grandfather, or even a god. Growing up, we always had a Shir o Khorshid in our house.
“Every aspect of life was better then,” my father loves to say, “everyone was happier.” When they come to visit Iran they blame every imperfection personally on Khomeini. The teller at the bank is rude? Khomeini. The metro is late? Khomeini. The internet is slow? Khomeini. When they were growing up, people were nicer, food tasted better, the Azadi Tower looked bigger.
The Shah in 1954, a year after the CIA-MI6 coup. Photograph: Bettmann/CORBIS
When I try to introduce any nuance into their interpretation of history, to suggest that perhaps life wasn't better for everyone under the Shah, for instance those who were having their eyes pulled out by the Savak in Evin prison, they completely shut down. “I can't talk to you about it, because you weren't there.”
The appeal of the Shir o Khorshid pendant for me is complex and multilayered. On the one hand, the lion and sun motif is perhaps the only symbol that has ever encapsulated the many facets of the Iranian identity. In its design you can find Zoroastrian, Islamic, Jewish, Turkic, and Zodiacal influence. It was used by every dynasty for 800 years, including the Safavids, Qajars and Pahlavis.
On the other hand, the necklace is a simple tribute to my father and their singular, uncompromising view of the world. There's also of course a stylistic appeal: I mean, what's cooler than a lion holding a sabre standing before the rising sun?
And of course I must admit to an intrinsic love of things that are vaguely subversive. I love walking around knowing that I'm wearing something illegal. I love the raised eyebrows and knowing winks I get when people see it. I love asking a soldier for directions knowing that I'm displaying the standard of the vanquished on my chest. It just appeals to my contrarian ethos.
Recently I was at my uncle's apartment in Tehran. They were watching a documentary about the Shah on illegal satellite TV from Turkey. The narrator was talking over stock footage of how the Shah's health corps eradicated malaria in the countryside, of how they modernised Iran's rail infrastructure, of how they took its natural resources back from foreign interests.
1978: one last fling in Iran before the revolution Read more
“Everything that is functioning in this country today is because of them and their father!” my uncle said to no-one in particular. They turned to me: “Before the Shah, your grandfather used to have to go fight people, with guns and knives, just to get a bucket of water for their family to drink. The Shah made sure that everyone had clean water.” A presenter in suit and tie appeared on the screen, sitting in front of the pre-revolutionary flag and a statue of a lion.
“In the Shah's time, when I went to Italy, they stood up for me, they talked to me with respect,” the presenter said, slamming their fist on the table. “When I went to France they respected me as an Iranian. Now when I go anywhere in the world they think we are terrorists, they think we are barbarians.”
Pictures of the Shah came across the screen, set to a triumphal march. Pictures of them with the royal family, of them attending state dinners with Richard Nixon and Jimmy Carter, surveying a public works project somewhere. “For 37 years during their rule,” the presenter said, “the price of the dollar didn't change at all. In 1979 the exchange rate was 70 rials to a dollar, now it is 33,000 rials to a dollar.”
“He was a great man,” said my uncle, “these stupid mullahs have set us back 1500 years.”
Nostalgia for the shah among those who actually remember them is at least intelligible. What took me entirely by surprise is that even among those born after the revolution, the Shah has taken on almost mythic status. I was hanging out in front of the Artists' Forum near the old American embassy - a popular place for hipsters, artists and intellectuals.
I was talking to a guy in their mid to early twenties who was selling bootleg Lars Von Trier DVDs. They noticed my necklace and got very excited. They called it mashti, an old Farsi word for someone who has made the pilgrimage to Mashhad but which young Iranians use to mean cool. “He was a great man,” they said, “it was a much better time for everyone.”
Trying to remember Khomeini - 36 years after the revolution in Iran Read more
Another time I struck up a conversation with a skate boarder in Laleh Park and they noticed it. “These fucking mullahs man, they don't give a fuck about us,” they said. They had a septum piercing and tattoos up their right arm. “The Shah cared about their people. They were a real leader. ”
“I can't say anything for sure, but what I know is that they were far better than the current government,” said Amir, a 26-year-old English teacher who was arrested and tortured for participating in the Green Movement protests after the disputed 2009 presidential election. “All governments are dictatorships, but you can judge them based on the situation of society and the country during their rule. Most of the development that happened in Iran happened under them and their father. And least they were Iranian, I know that much. They aren't Arab, now Arabs control the government.”
Revisionist history in an oppressive theocracy is not surprising. What's unusual about this zeal for the Shah is that it's revising in favour of the government that lost, the government that was called decadent and corrupt and swept into oblivion by a wave of populist fervour.
What's more, admiration for the Shah is almost always expressed to me in diametric opposition to the current regime in Tehran. No one ever seems to call the Shah good, they call them better than. Better than now. Richer than now, fuller than now, more comfortable than now. More fun than now. The Shah drove around in luxury Cadillacs, in tailored suits and Ray Ban sunglasses. Their wife was the Jackie O of the east. When they celebrated the 2500th anniversary of the Persian empire, they flew in the finest chefs from Paris to prepare breast of peacock for royalty and world leaders. They pedalled an intoxicating fantasy.
Remnants of Lalezar: a tour of Tehran by neighborhood - in pictures Read more
In their time, Lalezar Street was filled with cabarets, night clubs, bars. Packed most nights until morning. Googoosh, Ebi, Dariush, all the greats played there. The women wore tight skirts and let their hair flow and get tussled. Today Lalezar is filled with shops selling expensive chandeliers and it's dead by 10pm. The Crystal Cinema still sits there, boarded up and laconic - a constant reminder that the party is over and no one's cleaned up the mess.
Iranians don't seem to remember the Shah as they are, but as they need them to have been. They need to remember a time when everyone was drunk and in love, cruising the streets on the backs of Vespas, with Serge Gainsbourg wafting through the air and the bar not closing for hours. It's a seductive dream and a potent antidote to the creeping malaise of life in the Islamic republic.
People need to believe that there was some time better than now. Better than bootleg arak out of a water bottle with the same five people every Wednesday night. Better than constantly worrying about breaking one of the arbitrarily applied rules that govern every part of life in Iran. Better than hijab in the summer time, and the morality police, and being afraid to dance in the street.
The Shah's main appeal is that he's the exact opposite of everything the Islamic republic represents, he's all for rock and roll and miniskirts and stiff drinks. Mohammad Reza Pahlavi has become a repository for people's pent-up anger and frustration, a canvas on which to paint a better version of Iran – even if it's one that never really existed. It's nostalgia as subversion.
The HTC One M9 hasn't been selling particularly well. Certainly not up to HTC's expectations, at least. To encourage a few more people to pull the trigger, HTC is offering some free Google Play credit. Specifically, $100 of it.
To get all that free Google Play money, you just have to buy an HTC One M9 via HTC's website (any version). Keep in mind the full price of that phone is usually $650. Far be it from me to tell you whether or not that's worth it.
After buying the M9, you just have to go to the promo site and redeem the offer using the IMEI and a copy of your receipt. The Google Play credit can be used on music, movies, books, and apps in the Play Store. You have to buy before August 31st to get the credit.
When a world famous, multimillionaire engineer who holds 440 patents and owns two jets, two helicopters and a private island tells you to worry, it's probably time to worry. And Dean Kamen is a very worried man.
Quoting HG Wells, they tell me: "I think the world is in a race between catastrophe and education." We're in the corner office of their hi-tech research company, Deka, surrounded by Einstein memorabilia and cartoons of their most famous invention, the Segway electric scooter. "In most cases, catastrophe is winning."
"The polar ice caps, swine flu, energy, the environment: almost every problem I can think of that's going to bite us in the ass in the years to come needs extraordinary technical achievements," says the man whose own achievements include a robotic prosthetic arm and a wheelchair that can climb stairs. "More than ever, the world needs good engineers. However, the pool of talent is shrinking not growing."
That's not all. According to Kamen: "Today's children are the first generation in which it is highly probable that their average quality of life, and education level, will be less than it was for their parents."
No naive solutions
This is not the Dean Kamen I came to see. I came to see the visionary technologist who dropped out of college to develop the world's first mobile insulin pump, the proud inventor who envisaged millions of Segways seething through the world's cities, the iconoclast engineer who, disappointed with teenagers idolising sports stars, created their own sport based on competitive robotics. (Don't laugh: the FIRST championship attracts nearly 17,000 school teams from around the world).
Instead, I got a man whose passion for technology seems increasingly swamped by frustrations with global realpolitik. Take their work on water and power systems for developing nations. "50% of all human diseases are due to water-borne pathogens," says Kamen. "For the few billion people that are sick and dying on a daily basis, the idea that we're going to build them a municipal water infrastructure in the next year, or even the next decade, is profoundly naive. So we set out to develop technologies that can solve the problem of giving people clean water without needing to transform their environment."
Cue Deka's integrated water purifier, codenamed Slingshot. "Here's a box with two hoses," says Kamen. "Dip one in anything that looks wet – an ocean full of salt, a well full of arsenic, a pond full of cryptosporidium, giardia and faecal matter – and out of the other one comes pure drinking water. It's portable so it can be carried into a village, and it's cheap [£1,000] and productive enough so that you can make enough water to share the cost over a few hundred people."
Kamen doesn't pretend Slingshot is home to any ground-breaking discoveries: "We didn't invent vapour compression. We didn't invent the distillation process. We didn't invent any fundamental understanding of the Second Law of Thermodynamics. But we did make a lot of little inventions to make a small scale, highly reliable device that frees us from having to measure what's wrong with the input water. There's a lot of technology in there that we're quite proud of."
He's just as proud of their Stirling engine (a device to convert heat into mechanical energy, first conceived of in 1816), which produces up to 1kW of electricity from virtually any fuel source. "In a trial in Bangladesh, they put cow dung into our machine. It was a multiple win: small, distributed, scalable and using fuel that is otherwise toxic. Whether you burn it or not, cow dung evolves methane, which is 21 times worse than carbon dioxide as a greenhouse gas. So why not capture it and turn it into useful heat and electricity?" Working together, the two devices could boost living standards and save lives across the world. Instead, the prototypes are languishing in Deka's labs. "In order to put them in volume production, you need a well-defined market and a distribution strategy," explains Kamen. "The problem is that most of our commercial partners – even the giants – do not do a lot of business in the underdeveloped parts of the world. This is not a shortage of technology. It's a shortage of courage, vision, awareness: a lot of human things."
Too much short termism
It's this lack of long-term thinking that infuriates Kamen. "Our technology is being squandered on quick buck applications. More and more we seem to be defaulting to the short term. Do we need to double again the rate at which we move data so two kids can play games with even more realistic violence? Or should we be ensuring everyone has at least some access to the internet? The world doesn't need the next generation of videogames."
It might not need them but it seems to want them, which is arguably the opposite of what happened with Kamen's ill-fated Segway Transporter. Kamen thought that their nippy, balancing scooter would "be to the car what the car was to the horse and buggy". They whipped up a media frenzy before its launch in 2001 and invested heavily in factories capable of producing 40,000 units a month. Eight years later, sales of Segway have only just passed the 50,000 mark.
In April, Segway and the bankrupt US carmaker General Motors unveiled a two-man, semi-enclosed update called PUMA (Personal Urban Mobility and Accessibility) with a top speed of 35mph and a range of up to 35 miles. This time round, Kamen is almost dismissive of the new vehicle: "The day we made the first Segway, the very first one, we drew pictures of enclosed ones. Going back and tweaking things to make them 5% better or 3% cheaper? There are whole industries who know how to do that very well. Our position is being there, done that, did it, changed the world, move on."
Talking of moving on, Kamen is now wary of hyping – or even mentioning – their future projects, but they do let one slip. "At Deka, we're looking at a couple of ways to be in the energy business. We're working on solar now and I think the world of energy is going to see a lot of changes soon."
When pressed for more details, Kamen clams up, or rather changes the subject to North Dumpling, their three-acre private island off the coast of New York, which they refer to in deadpan as an independent kingdom. "Dumpling is completely carbon neutral," they say. "We have solar panels on every building, a 10kW wind turbine, our own little Stirling engine for backup power, burning only local fuel. We're making our own water out of the ocean with Slingshot. And we are now developing a foreign aid program to help the US."
A man who wants to re-engineer the whole world for sustainability, one country at a time? At last, here's the Dean Kamen I came to see.
This article is aimed at students learning to prepare roles as well as professionals who find themselves too busy, but must learn a role in an allotted time. Through 15 years of opera study including 6 seasons of full-time fest work in Germany, I have engineered a way of learning roles that is streamlined. Techniques have been borrowed from mentors and colleagues and are noted when specific ideas are mentioned. This article will eventually have links articles breaking down the parts, but this overview is aimed at about 1000 words.
This is a reprint while I finish up my current Opera specific article. If you have more questions about why, just email me. 🙂
Get the score
Ask the company what score/ version they will be using. In cases of Tannhäuser or Boris Godunov, you can't be sure which version will be used without asking. If a school or company is using a critical edition, it is important to know. It is also important to know if there will be custom dialogue in the case of Operetta. For school productions, check to make sure you are doing it in the original language. As a general rule: if there is a Bärenreiter, this will most often be the choice for professional companies. For Verdi and Puccini you are best off with a burgundy Ricordi Hardback. These are usually cheap and often only have Italian, leaving room for score prep notations. Although the Schott scores for Wagner are nice new plates, they have not been adopted generally by opera houses and most will use Peters versions.
Prepare the score
Especially for role debuts, it's important to immediately get a scope of the amount of work involved. Highlight the role using a bright neon highlighter. In the US, I suggest sharpie liquid pens. They have the brightest ink and last for years with their original intensity. In Europe, the best I have found is Stabilo neon. Read through the part while you highlight. Don't simply draw a line across the page. Observe breath markings of a quarter note or longer so that your brain has an extra notation of phrasing. If it is a language you are not as familiar with, just get the highlighting done and you will prepare the language shortly.
I suggest tabbing each individual entrance. You can add more later if the section you are preparing seems too big to manage The five color tabs work the best, as you can separate sections by contents and see without opening the book, where your arias and finales are. My initial system came with Mozart preparation because they are number operas and can be easily broken into sections.
Key for Mozart tabs
YELLOW: Aria
PINK: Duet
Orange: Small ensemble
Green: Finale
Blue: Recit
When these are poking out of the top of your 500 page score, It's easy to turn to your aria from a closed book.
I am going to skip language prep for this article, but in this step you would write notes to yourself of things you commonly must be reminded to do in that language. For example: I like to note double consonants and rolled Rs when preparing italian scores even before bringing the role to a coach. If you don't know the language well, this would be a good time to write the IPA. Translation is a concurrent step in this process. If you don't know what you are singing, go home.
TLM (Translated, Learned, Memorized)
The system that has most often saved me when running out of time before a production starts is TLM. On these tabs you will use TLM as your to-do list. Once you have translated a section, you will mark that section with a T. This means if you have 3 Operas you are currently preparing (which I currently do), It's easy to see what work you have done on which piece without keeping that info in your head.
L would mean that this section is learned. You could sing it on book at tempo confidently with good diction. In the fest system, when the week or two before staging comes, your entire role must be at least to the TL stage in prep for musical rehearsals. If you are running out of time and some sections are memorized but some aren't learned, focus on getting all the sections tagged with an L. If you are a guest it is almost always in your contract that your role will be 100% prepared before you get there. You can be dismissed for breach of contract if you are not prepared.
M would mean that your role is memorized and ready to stage. having completed the proper prep work, you should be well on your way to having your role memorized. Some roles automatically memorize themselves. In the case of Monterone, the role is no more than 10 pages, so the time involved in memorizing not too much. In the case of a World Premiere or a tone row opera, the amount of time learning the piece is so great that it may stick with you without separate memorization time. When I am talking about memorization, that primarily applies to the words, because if you can't remember the tones or rhythms, it's not really learned.
A good coach
Whether you are in school or fest at an opera house, you should theoretically have “free” coaching available to you. If a school or opera house does not give you enough coaching, it is still only you on stage. No matter what stage of your career, I suggest finding 3 coaches in your area that can work with you privately. Multiple coaches are nice because each will have their own strengths to help you. I have certain coaches that are better for certain rep and ones that I trust for vocal technique.
My work day is usually blocked out from 10-2 and 6-10 every weekday and 10-2 on saturdays. I often do private sessions in my midday break when an important project is approaching. A young coach may be more willing to work on holidays and sundays and are often a little bit cheaper than established coaches.
The rule of 25s
David Holloway told all of the Santa fe apprentices how to learn and memorize a role the first day the summer internship program. I am guessing most of us were prepared and memorized already, but they still had good tips to give. They have been a great mentor and this talk has stuck more than any other trick in preparing a role.
While muscle memory is achieved with 3,000-5,000 repetitions, meaningful learning begins at 75 repetitions. After a role has been translated part of the “L” learning should include 3 steps of 25 repetitions.
Use your tabs or smaller breakdowns for your repetitions. Going through cover to cover will be exhausting and you won't set up your muscle memory. Break your arias and ensembles into verses or smaller parts.
Say the text 25 times
Slowly talk through the text, noting your difficulties with pronunciation. Pay attention to words not common to your normal singing vocabulary. The more roles you learn, the fewer words you have to translate. The more repetitions you do, the more your brain and muscles will come up with the next sequence of words automatically. This is a good time to note consonants to sing through, elisions, and accents of each word. This is a good time to make sure your Italian patter is words and not spitting consonants or to make sure your German consonants do not disappear. Mark where a phrase should start and end purely based on the text. 25 times is quite a few if you are diligently reading aloud. Use tick marks in your score to note how many reps you have done, because in the moment your brain will need to concentrate purely on the text.
Speak the text 25 times in rhythm
After simply speaking the words at your own pace 25 times, you should be at ease with the text. You will now speak the text in rhythm. If you are doing a new piece which is very rhythmically difficult, you can first clap the rhythm without the words, but don't count it towards your 25 times. Once 25 repetitions of text in rhythm is completed, the melody should be very simple to place on top of all your work.
Sing it with music 25 times
You should begin singing it “on-book”, but you will find after about 10 times you probably will have no impulse to look at the score anymore. For most roles after 25 times with music and all the other prep, you should be ready for staging. Doing this work always makes me extremely confident at the beginning of a six week rehearsal period.
There are many other tricks to preparing a role, but I wanted to give a starting point for those who don't know where to start or are simply looking for a systematic way to get started when overwhelmed with another project.
Please leave suggestions or requests for future score prep articles. I will use this article as a table of contents to build a more comprehensive reference tool for students and professionals.
Getty Images
Say you just walked into a club on a Saturday night. Say you're hoping you won't leave alone. Odds are pretty good you're not the only person there who's thinking along those lines. That means you agonized at least a little before you left the house: What should you wear? How do you look? Do you do your hair this way (ugh, no) or that (ack, even worse)? Perhaps most important: do you fly solo or bring some chums? And if you do come with friends, who should they be?
The biggest problem with assembling a singles posse for a night out is—let's be honest—we ain't all lookers. If you're the one who's always been politely described as, um, really funny or a good dancer, do you want to be seen with your stunner of a friend? And if you're the stunner, does it help or hurt to show up in the company of your not-quite eye candy besties?
The answer, according to a new study just published in Psychological Science, is that whenever possible, bring your gang with you. Any one person seen in a group just seems better looking than when viewed alone. The reason: the human eye averages things out, and when it comes to faces, average is usually good.
(MORE: Why Good-Looking People Like Kissing More)
It's no secret that our innate definition of beauty is defined by a very clear set of physical norms. Facial analysis studies show that symmetry is almost always perceived as prettier than asymmetry and the most beautiful faces are the ones on which the eyes are no more or less than a certain distance apart, and the forehead, chin, cheeks and other features take up no more than a certain share of the whole. It's the reason that models may be gorgeous but can prove awfully difficult to tell apart.
“Perhaps it's like Tolstoy's families,” says psychological scientist Drew Walker of the University of California, San Diego, in a statement that accompanied the release of the study. “Beautiful people are all alike, but every unattractive person is unattractive in their own way.”
To test how that plays out in a group setting, Walker and their UCSD collaborator, psychological scientist Edward Vul, recruited 130 undergraduate students and showed them pictures of 100 different men and women. Sometimes the subjects in the pictures were shown as part of a three-person group; other times they were cropped out to show just one face at a time. Still other times, the faces were taken out of context and arranged on a simple grid of either four, nine or 16 faces.
(MORE: Men Walk Slower When They're in Love)
Consistently, the researchers found, the solo shots were perceived as less attractive than the faces viewed in a group—whether in a real setting or on the grid. This was true regardless of the gender of the subjects, and regardless of whether they would broadly be described as conforming to most definitions of attractiveness or unattractiveness. Both the gorgeous and the non-gorgeous improved by being with other people.
Walker and Vul don't pretend that the difference in perceived prettiness is big. Being part of a posse elevated the average subject from the 49th percentile to just the 51st. But that at least got them across the beauty equator, and average score by definition means that some people will benefit more. Either way, jokes Vul, “some of us need all the help we can get.”
(MORE: Want to Eat Healthier? Bring a Friend To Dinner)
The explanation for the phenomenon, they believe, is the averaging effect and how it works. A big nose in the company of a small nose does not look bigger still; rather, both noses move closer to the mean. “Individuals with complementary features—one person with narrow eyes and one person with wide eyes—would enjoy a greater boost in perceived attractiveness when seen together, as compared to groups comprised of individuals who have similar features,” Walker and Vul write.
None of this means that you should choose your wing-people based on how they look. The singles bar itself is already too much of a beauty contest. And none of it, more importantly, detracts from the trademark beauty to be found in idiosyncrasy. Julia Roberts dazzles precisely because their smile is not like everyone else's. Penelope Cruz with a button nose would still be beautiful but not unforgettable. And while Jennifer Gray continued to dazzle on their recent turn on Dancing With the Stars, it was the Dirty Dancing Jennifer—with their pre-surgical, Dirty Dancing nose—who launched a thousand ships. Average is beautiful, but only till it's not—something that all of us who could use a little help might do well to remember.
(MORE: Why We Don't Trust Online Dating Sites—But Use Them Anyway)
Ever since they were drafted, Darnell Nurse has been held up to one degree or other as the salvation of the Edmonton Oilers' blue line. Here was the big, mean, skilled and mobile defenceman that Edmonton needed, the do-it-all player who ticked so many unchecked boxes on the Oilers' blue line.
[np_storybar title=”Is Oilers star Taylor Hall's plummeting production just a slump, or cause for concern?” link=”http://news.nationalpost.com/sports/nhl/is-edmonton-oilers-star-taylor-halls-plummeting-production-just-a-slump-or-cause-for-concern”%5D
Looking for a turning point in Edmonton Oilers' season? Cast your mind back to Glen Sather Night, way back on December 11.
It was Game #30, the final game of a five-game homestand that saw the Oilers take the maximum 10 points. The Oilers were being visited by a comet named Anders Nilsson, once known in these parts as the “Giant Swedish Goalie Monster,” nowadays more likely to be referred to as “Remember Him?”
The bubble started to burst for Nilsson that night against the Rangers, but at the other end of the ice Taylor Hall and Leon Draisaitl were laying waste to New York's vaunted defence and goaltendin.
Read more…
[/np_storybar]
Their rookie season has been a mixed bag. The physical skills are undeniable; this is a player who can land a punishing hit in the defensive zone and a moment later rush the puck up ice and trigger a shot on the opposing goalie. They play the game with the kind of nasty edge that Sheldon Souray and Chris Pronger did; this is a player who doesn't hesitate to mistreat the opposition.
On the other hand, the results have been lacking. For all their impressive skill carrying the puck and willingness to jump in the play Nurse has just eight points on the year; their scoring rate of 0.22 points/hour at five-on-five is 33 percent less than stay-at-home rearguard Mark Fayne. No defenceman on the team has worse shot metrics; up-and-down Griffin Reinhart's Fenwick rating eclipses Nurse's by a whole percentage point.
Compounding matters is Nurse's age. They just turned 21 in February; they are in their first professional season. Any analyst hoping to project them faces a dilemma: Does Nurse's impressive set of physical skills matter more when forecasting their future, or does their underwhelming performance indicate a player destined to disappoint?
It's a difficult question to answer, and I've wrestled with it for most of the season. To try and find the answer, I decided to see how defencemen the same age had performed over the past few years. I restricted my initial list of comparables to players who in their Draft+3 season a) played at least 40 games, b) were still Calder eligible, c) spent significant time on the penalty kill and d) did not dramatically outperform Nurse offensively. I had to also limit myself to the advanced stats era, running from 2007-08 to the present.
Here's the initial list, and the name at the top of it is not at all encouraging:
TOI/GP = average time on ice per game, P/60 = points/hour, Fen% = on-ice Fenwick rating, TFen% = team average Fenwick rating, RelFen% = the gap between the player's Fenwick and the team Fenwick, with a positive number indicating the player outperformed their team, ZS% = percentage of shifts starting in the offensive zone minus the percentage of shifts starting in the offensive zone, FA/60 = Fenwick events against per hour, TFA/60 = team average Fenwick events against per hour, RelFA/60 = the gap between the player's Fenwick against per hour and the team's total, with a positive number indicating the player outperformed their team.
There's a lot there, so let's look at the players.
Marc Staal and Jared Cowen are tough players to compare to Nurse because both got a heavy diet of offensive zone starts; their coaches sheltered them.
The more interesting points of comparison are Jack Johnson and John Moore, and neither is particularly flattering to Nurse.
Johnson's numbers are virtually identical. They scored a little more, had a slightly tougher zonestart and seems to have been part of a more effective unit on the penalty kill, but we're quibbling. They and Nurse played similarly heavy minutes and underperformed their team shot metrics by a mile. Both were early picks, both are big players with offensive skill and impressive track records at other levels and both got tossed into the deep end and struggled.
Johnson continues to get big minutes in the NHL. He's also perhaps the most overrated defenceman in hockey. They continually underperform their team's shot and goal metrics; incredibly he's played parts of 10 NHL seasons and never been a plus player. Plus/minus deservedly gets a lot of disrespect from analysts, but over time and especially in the extremes it can be telling; back in 2012 when the L.A. Kings started shopping Johnson I looked at them for Oilers Nation and included their plus/minus numbers relative to their teammates over their NHL career:
2007-08: Minus-19, dead last
2008-09: Minus-18, dead last
2009-10: Minus-11, dead last
2010-11: Minus-21, dead last
2011-12: Minus-10, dead last
Total, 2007-present: Minus-83, dead last (next closest: Rob Blake at minus-19)
The Kings shipped Johnson to Columbus for Jeff Carter, a move which paid immediate dividends and was instrumental in transforming them into a Stanley Cup contender.
John Moore is another first-round pick, a big defenceman with a range of skills and impressive numbers at other levels. He's now on their fourth NHL team after being brought in on a bargain contract by New Jersey this summer.
The key point here is that our sample is too small to draw strong conclusions. Darnell Nurse = Jack Johnson or Darnell Nurse = John Moore would be terrible outcomes for the Oilers, but they are hardly the only outcomes possible.
I decided to extend my sample, this time including players who were not rookies in their Draft+3 seasons but who otherwise fit my initial criteria.
This group is a little more encouraging. We'll disregard the weakest fit (Luca Sbisa) and look at the other four players here.
Zach Bogosian is probably the strongest comp for Nurse. They had slightly better five-on-five shot metrics and slightly more favourable zone starts but otherwise compares well there. They outperform Nurse as a scorer and performed better relative to their team on the penalty kill, but nothing here is out of reach. He's gone on to be a pretty useful top-four NHL defenceman.
It's too early to read much into Jacob Trouba's career, and he's not a great point of comparison because of their superior numbers but neither do they leave Nurse in the dirt.
Marc-Edouard Vlasic is a superb shutdown defenceman, and as we see here they didn't always have glorious puck possession numbers.  They are clear of Nurse on the penalty kill, and despite their softer zone start I'd also give them an edge at five-on-five, but as with Trouba they don't leave Nurse in the dust.
Ladislav Smid is a familiar name for Oilers fans and compares really well to Nurse at the same age, which is less than ideal given how their post-Jeff Petry career has gone. I strongly suspect their lower ice-time totals also indicate lesser quality of competition than Nurse has faced this year, and Nurse's penalty kill number looks better, too. Having said that, the zone starts are similar and Smid's shot metrics are quite a bit better than Nurse's.
What should we make of it all?
First, caution is warranted. Even with our expanded data set, we don't have Nurse's NHL future narrowed down; it's entirely possible that they dramatically exceed the list of comparables that my criteria generated. In other words: Take this whole exercise with a big grain of salt.
Having said that, this is the kind of analysis which should trigger some alarms. Edmonton doesn't need and shouldn't want Jack Johnson, and if that's where Nurse is heading it will be bad for the franchise. Such a destiny cannot be ruled out, and objectively Nurse's on-ice results this season should be seen as disappointing. Past players at the same age have generated more offence, better shot metrics and a stronger performance on the penalty kill.
I come away from this exercise more pessimistic about Nurse's value than I was going into it. He's only 21 and he's in their first professional campaign, so there is certainly time to right the ship, but those things were also true for Johnson and we've seen the way that turned out. We'll certainly have a better read next season after another campaign in the NHL.
Edmonton Journal
“Don't let the behavior of others destroy your inner peace.” ~Dalai Lama
The most straightforward advice I can suggest to make real concrete changes in your life is to practice causing no harm to anyone—yourself or others.
Try it for a day. Or two. How about a week? You will probably find that it's harder than you think. Before you know it, someone has triggered you, and either directly or indirectly, you've caused harm.
I am a successful psychotherapist and conscious woman, and I'm also committed to transparency. No more hiding behind the therapist's veil for me. The one that projects enlightenment and hides the truths of being human.
With that said, I happen to be a bit controlling. Take a moment and imagine yourself at a Twelve Step meeting. “Hello. My name is Carrie Dinow, and I am addicted to control.”
It's really helpful to get to know the ways you cause harm, much like you would a lover in the early stages of a romance when every part of you wants to know the other. You definitely want to get to know your own inner ‘others,' the pained shadow parts of yourself that can live buried below the surface.
The ways we cause harm can show up like fifty shades of grey, so the more intimate you can be with your own particular expression, the greater chance you have to let go. Like being overly invested in how many men join my husband's camping weekend.
The most obvious expressions, of course, appear as control, blame, withdrawal, and lashing out. With a little gossip and lying on the side.
What is your harm of no choice?
You've heard the fairy tale about the toads. It involves a princess who, when angered, would start to say mean words, and toads would actually come out of their mouth.
How many times I have said to myself, “Do not say a word. Keep your mouth shut. It will only cause harm.” Despite our good and sincere intentions, most of us wrestle with our own toads. I know I have.
I find that I am just like the Buddha—as long as I'm alone. It's a lot easier to keep my mouth shut when it's just me, myself, and I. Add a husband (even one of the best ones on the planet) and highly persistent daughter (the love of my loves), and all bets are off.
The other night my daughter was extremely persistent, keen on getting them way. My husband, who is a revered psychotherapist—adolescents being their specialty—wrestles with their own blaming toads. In the past, their toads would trigger my toads. And faster than you can say Jackie Robinson, we are consumed by a plague of harm.
So what are the ways for holding our seat, and for making sure the toads of control and blame don't fly out of our mouths? The one I have found most impactful of all is to just shut up. No matter what, don't scratch the itch. That's all! Mmmm….
That's one reason I meditate. To court my inner toads and free me from my learned drug of no choice—control. It's profoundly humbling to sit with my own thoughts, and to sit with an itch and not scratch it, without an escape clause.
The practice of returning over and over to my breath allows me the choice of whether or not I stay attached to this addiction. When conflict arises or tones don't meet my approval rating, I have more of a choice of how I want to react.
Letting go of this lifelong relationship to control allows me to tolerate others' behavior. No longer a feather in the wind at the mercy of someone else's emotional breath, my need to escape the scene when things don't go my way seems to be calming, mostly.
After many years, meditation has become my new drug of choice. It offers me a chance to pause so I can actively engage in letting go of my control which, in my household, reduces the harm. The benefits are a lot like cooking with Teflon; things don't seem to stick as much.
What does it take to change the habitual response and to keep your mouth from spewing poisonous toads? To begin a different practice with yourself? One that honors letting the moment pass without responding to it?
Most of us could use some basic tips on on how to loosen the grip on our well-ingrained habits of striking out and blaming. Each time we lash out with aggressive words and actions, we are strengthening the toad pool. And, the internal scoreboard can start to look like Anger 10, Patience 2.
In the game of life, we can become easily irritated by the reactions of others. However, each time someone provokes us, we have a chance to do something different, to tend to our own reactions. Either we can strengthen old habits or we can take a moment to pause. That's what it takes, a big fat pause.
Did you know that patience is the antidote to anger? Learning to pause can help us develop our patience. When we begin to pause instead of retaliating, even if it's only briefly, we are starting to loosen the pattern of causing harm.
Have you ever noticed that much of the suffering comes from the escalation from that one moment when someone comes at you with a tone or says something that hurts your feelings, or has an opinion you absolutely don't agree with? It's what we do with that one moment to the next that can imprison or free us.
Each time the toads escape us, we escalate our aggression and solidify our harm habit, which makes it a bit more difficult to calm the waters. If we learn to sit still with the restlessness and the sensations of anger, we can begin to tame and strengthen our mind.
If only we could pause. Give it a try. No harm done.
About Carrie Dinow is a twenty year licensed psychotherapist and mindfulness devotee. Call their wife, grateful mother, sister, daughter, and soul mate to their soul-sister friends. Because of these relationships, they are blessed to live their life's purpose - to grow their heart and consciousness infinitely bigger one breath at a time. Visit them at Carriedinowcounseling.com.
The first phase of President Trump's border wall is back on track after the Government Accountability Office dismissed contract protests that were holding construction of prototypes, officials said late Friday.
“This means that we are now able to award contracts as soon as we are ready. We therefore expect to make awards soon,” U.S. Customs and Border Protection, the agency overseeing wall construction, said in a statement.
CBP earlier this year had asked for designs for the wall, and narrowed down the choices to fewer than 20, covering both concrete and non-concrete versions. The agency will eventually pick four to eight final designs and award companies money to build prototypes in San Diego.
The prototypes will be subject to testing, with the goal of creating a new “design standard” for future construction.
Before the protests were dismissed, CBP was anticipating construction in October or November.
That schedule could now be pushed forward again, though, CBP said other bid protests could arise in the awarding phase.
CBO sought designs of walls up to 50 feet in height, that could withstand breach attempts for as long as four hours.
The wall was one of Mr. Trump's most prominent campaign promises, though it has proved to be controversial.
CBP already has $20 million in the pipeline to build the prototypes, but does not have funding to begin actual construction of new fencing.
Mr. Trump has said they are willing to face a government shutdown to get additional money, while congressional Democrats, who oppose the wall, have also signaled they are willing to shut down the government rather than fund the wall.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
IDEAS Mac Donald is a fellow at the Manhattan Institute and the author of the newly released The Diversity Delusion: How Race and Gender Pandering Corrupt the University and Undermine Our Culture
A new study finds that females are twice as likely to be hired as tenure-track faculty in the sciences as males. This finding undermines the claim that faculty hiring is biased against females. It also shows that the ever-growing bureaucracy to support diversity on college campuses is a waste of resources.
Researchers at the Cornell Institute for Women in Science asked faculty in biology, engineering, economics, and psychology from 371 American colleges and universities to evaluate three hypothetical applicants to their departments. The job-search packages for the applicants included a search committee's report, quotes from letters of recommendation, and an overall numerical score. The academic qualifications of two of those hypothetical candidates, a male and a female, were equal. A third male candidate was slightly inferior to the other two.
The nearly 900 faculty members, half male, half female, from all four fields preferred female applicants over identically qualified males by two to one. Only male economics professors showed no gender preference; female economics professors chose the female candidate by a ratio of two to one. The marital and family status of the candidates had no consistent or significant effect on their likelihood of being selected, and when it did, it did so in a way that contradicts the usual gender bias narrative. Male evaluators preferred mothers who had taken a year of maternity leave over mothers who had not, whereas female evaluators preferred mothers who had taken no maternity leave.
To make sure that the faculty subjects were not guessing the nature of the experiment and choosing female applicants to please the researchers, some faculty members were asked to evaluate just a single candidate. Those professors evaluated the solo candidate more favorably if the name attached to the resume was female.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
The result of this study, authored by Cornell psychologists Wendy Williams and Stephen Ceci, and published April 13 in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, is hardly surprising. Since the 1980s, females have been interviewed and hired at a higher rate than their representation in the STEM (science, technology, engineering, and math) applicant pool would predict, as documented by the National Research Council and other investigators. Pressure from campus administrators to hire a female candidate over a more qualified male peer is relentless and overwhelming. If a STEM faculty resists that pressure and hires the most qualified candidate regardless of their gender, the administrators may force the obstreperous department to hire an additional woman anyway.
Yet the myth of a sexist science hiring process has persisted, even though it is contradicted every day by the observable characteristics of faculty searches. And that myth has given rise to a stupendously expensive campus bureaucracy tasked with increasing diversity and combating alleged faculty bias. Last month, the University of California at Los Angeles hired its first vice chancellor for equity, diversity, and inclusion at the jaw-dropping salary of $354,900 — enough to cover the tuition of nearly 30 underprivileged students a year. That vice chancellor will be expected to ride herd on the faculty and make sure that it hires according to gender (and race). The Berkeley, San Francisco, and San Diego campuses of the University of California have long had their own vice chancellors for equity, diversity, and inclusion at salaries ranging from a “mere” quarter a million to nearly three hundred thousand dollars a year. Each such vice chancellor presides over a princely realm of bureaucrats, all sucking up vast amounts of taxpayer and student tuition dollars.
Private universities are just as committed to the myth of faculty bias. Harvard created the position of senior vice provost for diversity and faculty development in 2005. That senior vice provost reviews faculty appointments to ensure that they contribute to “diversity in faculty ranks across the University” — in other words, that new hires be selected on the basis of gender and race, not their academic accomplishments.
The university should be the one place where reason and evidence rule. For years it has been apparent that hiring bias runs in favor of women, not against them. It's time to shut down the costly diversity bureaucracy and allow faculty to hire on merit alone.
Contact us at editors@time.com.
At the close of a meeting of G7 foreign ministers in Lübeck today, ministers announced a stronger collective commitment to tackling climate-related risks in states experiencing situations of fragility.
“Climate change is among the most serious challenges facing our world,” the ministers' final communiqué declared. “It poses a threat to the environment, global security, and economic prosperity. It has the potential to reverse the progress that has been made in the past decades in tackling global poverty. Without adequate mitigation and adaptation efforts, the impacts of rising temperatures and changing precipitation patterns heighten the risk of instability and conflict. We must effectively address this challenge.”
The G7 are responsible for almost two thirds of global development funding
In preparation, an independent consultancy working on behalf of the G7 looked into the relationship between climate change and fragile and conflict-affected states. The resulting report, A New Climate for Peace: Taking Action on Climate and Fragility Risks, was presented to German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier yesterday in Berlin.
“I am delighted that this report has delivered a basis upon which we can develop common measures and give impetus to internationally-orientated processes,” Steinmeier said. “This is particularly important in light of the upcoming climate conference in Paris.”
The independent report, authored by adelphi, the European Union Institute for Security Studies, International Alert, and the Wilson Center, identifies seven climate-related risks to peace and security and recommends concrete actions that foreign ministers can take to increase the resilience of fragile and conflict-affected states.
Stronger Cooperation Needed
The report recommends G7 governments develop and implement integrated approaches to climate diplomacy. For this to occur, each foreign ministry should approach climate and fragility-related risks with urgency and work together to agree on foreign policy approaches to climate issues.
The G7 governments are together responsible for half of global economic output and almost two thirds of global development funding. They are thus in a unique position to take the lead in developing integrated political processes – not ad hoc measures – to tackle climate and fragility risks.
“Climate change poses complex challenges that require integrated responses,” said Roger-Mark De Souza, a contributing author to the report and director of population, environment, and security at the Wilson Center. “The G7 commissioning this report indicates a critical step forward in responding to the threats posed by climate change and harnessing the significant co-benefits that can be reaped by coordinating responses across sectors.”
7 Compound Risks
“This report is significant for going beyond questions of climate change and conflict links to identify a wider range of critical climate change and fragility connections that fits squarely on foreign policy agendas,” said Geoff Dabelko, a report author, ECSP senior advisor, and director of environmental studies at Ohio University's Voinovich School of Leadership and Public Affairs. “The analysis matches these compound risks with ongoing policy initiatives and suggests ways to advance climate change, development, and peacebuilding efforts.”
“The analysis matches these compound risks with ongoing policy initiatives”
A New Climate for Peace identifies seven compound risks that make climate change a serious threat to countries in fragile situations: local resource competition; livelihood insecurity and migration; extreme weather events and disasters; volatile food prices and provision; transboundary water management; seal-level rise and coastal degradation; and unintended consequences of climate policies.
“The various compound risks are interlinked and, as a result, climate change is a complicated challenge,” explained adelphi's Lukas Rüttinger, one of the authors. The greatest threats from such risks are faced by states experiencing situations of fragility, but excessive pressure or sharp shocks are capable of pushing even stable states into fragility.
—
To host the report and related resources, adelphi, the European Union Institute for Security Studies, International Alert, and the Wilson Center are launching a web portal at NewClimateforPeace.org. You can find the full report here. You can also find posts from New Security Beat on the site's new blog, Resilience Compass.
The Republican Party has yet to produce a presidential candidate who could be described as “pro-LGBT.” But the first primary debate in Cleveland confirmed that no one in the crowded 2016 pack is exactly eager to run on an “anti-LGBT” platform.
While the candidates expressed support for religious freedom, opposition to ending the ban on transgender troops in the military, and disappointment with the recent Supreme Court decision legalizing same-sex marriage across the nation, the issue of LGBT equality was largely eclipsed by other topics during Thursday night's prime-time forum and earlier “kid's table” debate. To be sure, LGBT Americans and advocates had little reason to be encouraged Thursday by the prospect of seeing a Republican president inaugurated in 17 months. But overall, the GOP candidates – and party as a whole – seem to be slowly softening their once-staunch commitment to blocking the advancement of LGBT rights.
Thursday's prime-time debate, which came one day after the Republican National Committee quietly rejected a pair of anti-gay resolutions, featured just one question related to same-sex marriage. It went to Ohio Gov. John Kasich, who struck a compassionate note.
RELATED: Maddow, Santorum go head to head on SCOTUS, gay marriage
“Our court has ruled and I said we'll accept it,” said Kasich, whose administration defended Ohio's same-sex marriage ban before the Supreme Court this year. “And guess what? I just went to a wedding of a friend of mine who is gay.”
The issue of attending a same-sex couple's wedding emerged as a kind of litmus test for Republicans ahead of the Supreme Court's ruling in the landmark case of Obergefell v. Hodges last June. Though every presidential candidate has said they believe marriage should be limited to one man and one woman, several have tried to strike a more nuanced position by saying they would go to the wedding of a same-sex couple they cared for.
Kasich, who avoided the same scrutiny as many of their competitors by being late to join the presidential race, made sure to grab their opportunity Thursday night to appeal to both base voters, who by and large oppose same-sex marriage, and an increasingly diverse and tolerant general electorate.
“Just because they don't think the same way doesn't mean we shouldn't love them,” Kasich said. “That's what we're taught when we have strong faith.”
Perhaps more telling of how far the GOP has come on the issue of gay rights, though, was the audience's applause to Kasich's answer. Four years ago, a Republican presidential debate crowd booed a gay combat veteran for asking if the candidates would undo the progress ushered in by the repeal of “Don't Ask, Don't Tell,” the military's former ban on openly gay servicemembers. Now, the GOP primary audience finds the idea of loving gay people something to cheer about.
Later in Thursday's debate, former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee proved to have evolved little on the idea of making the military more inclusive. Asked about Defense Secretary Ash Carter's recent announcement that the ban on transgender service members would soon be coming to an end, Huckabee said the military was “not a social experiment.”
“I'm not sure how paying for transgender surgery for soldiers, sailors, airmen, marines makes our country safer,” said Huckabee, one of the staunchest social conservatives in the race who once joked that they wished they could've claimed to have “felt like a woman when it came time to take showers in PE.” The condemnation of allowing over 15,000 transgender troops to soon serve in line with their gender identities could've certainly been sharper, however, and Huckabee quickly pivoted to a different topic: troop reductions. “The disaster is that we've forgotten why we even have a military,” they said.
At the earlier debate, where lower polling candidates tried to improve their standing, former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum and Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal both said they would sign executive orders on Day 1 that would protect religious business owners who want to turn away gay customers. Santorum also took issue with the idea that the Supreme Court should have final say on the law of the land, equating the recent Obergefell ruling to the pre-Civil War Dred Scott decision, which denied citizenship rights to blacks whether they were free or enslaved.
Texas Sen. Ted Cruz, who similarly tends to lament the Supreme Court's power, was notably silent on LGBT issues during the main event. Cruz did promise, however, to repeal President Obama's “unconstitutional” executive orders, presumably referring to those that banned the federal government and federal contractors from discriminating on the basis of sexual orientation and gender identity.
Human Rights Campaign called the night “troubling” in a press release Thursday. But as far as LGBT rights groups are concerned, it could've definitely been worse. The top issues discussed on Facebook mirrored those discussed most prominently during the debate: immigration, race, the economy, education, and abortion. It's a list LGBT advocates would do well to avoid.
01 November 2017
Salem, NH – Watkins Glen International will be back on the 2018 Formula Race Promotions (FRP) schedule as the F1600, F2000 and Atlantic Championship Series will head to the historic facility May 11-13, 2018.
“We're excited to announce the return of Watkins Glen International to our 2018 schedule,” commented FRP co-owners Al Guibord and Robert Wright. “It is one of the best tracks out there, and our competitors have been asking for it. It blends high speed with technical and challenging corners and has something for everyone. We look forward to our 2018 date after a hiatus year in 2017.”
F1600 Championship competitors will see their traditional triple-header format, while F2000 and Atlantic teams and drivers will each get two races.
All totaled, each Series can expect some three hours of track time around the 11-turn course.
FRP worked closely together with NARRA to secure the 2018 weekend date, and other support series are still expected to join the weekend.
FRP last went to Watkins Glen in 2016, where Matt McDonough and Steve Bamford each took home top honors in the F2000 Championship Series.
Three epic F1600 races saw Phillippe Denes take home two wins, split by Calvin Ming who won the second race of the weekend. In Atlantic Championship Series competition, Ryan Norman swept the weekend on their way to the 2016 Championship title.
The track is an important part of FRP history, from weekends with IndyCar to a number of close title battles decided in the Finger Lakes Region.
The first-ever F1600 Championship title went to Bill Valet in 2011 in an October weekend at Watkins Glen.
In 2014, Ayla Agren became the first woman to win the F1600 Championship as they clinched the title in the final F1600 race of the weekend, while on the same day Tim Minor took home their second consecutive F2000 Championship in a thrilling race.
Next up, FRP expects to announce its full 2018 schedule by mid November.
Image copyright Jonathan Hirshon Image caption For someone who likes anonymity, it is no surprise that Jonathan Hirshon enjoys remote places such as northern Lapland
Earlier this month, Facebook announced it would be using facial recognition to let users know every time a photo of them had been uploaded to the site.
Such a feature would be extremely useful to one man - public-relations professional Jonathan Hirshon, who has managed to stay anonymous online for the past 20 years.
They have more than 3,000 friends on Facebook and regularly updates their profile with personal information - where they are going on holiday, what they have cooked for dinner and the state of their health.
But what they have never shared on the social network, or anywhere else online, is a picture of himself.
It is, they said, their way of "screaming my privacy to the world".
"I choose to share virtually everything about myself on social media, but my face is the essence of me individually and this is about refusing to give up the last piece of identifiable information that I can control."
One of the big debates of 2018 is going to be around our personal information - how we share it, what Facebook, Amazon and Google do with it and what should happen when it is stolen or hacked.
Part of that discussion will be played out in tough new EU laws coming into force in May, which aim to give citizens back control of their data.
Some believe the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) will turn personal data into a commodity - as valuable as oil - that citizens can share and sell for their own benefit.
Mr Hirshon wishes the US would instigate similar laws but is doubtful that it will immediately lead to citizens getting rich on their own information.
"I'm totally in favour of it but in order to accomplish that, people will have to totally change their mindset when using social media.
"Right now, we enjoy them as [a] totally free service monetised by ads targeted very specifically at us because the services know so much about us.
"Until such time as we choose to pay for these services, when [we have] the option of keeping our data private and monetising it ourselves, the idea will remain just that - an idea."
 They are also well aware that the internet is the least anonymous place on Earth.
"Privacy is an illusion - the reality is that as you go across the internet, you leave traces of yourself everywhere."
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Upcoming European data laws are intended to make our digital footprints more transparent
Twenty five years ago - when the internet was in its infancy - they made "a conscious decision" to keep their picture off the web.
"It began as a game, to see how long I could do it for," they said. "And 25 years later it is still working."
They clearly enjoy the status of being the internet's mystery man.
"When people ask me why I do it, I give them four options. One: I am shy. Two: I used to work as a spy. Three: I am on the witness protection programme. Four: all of the above."
"I refuse to confirm or deny which one is the truth."
Image copyright Jonathan Hirshon Image caption Mr Hirshon's current profile picture on Facebook
At a recent conference on the issue, Facebook's deputy head of privacy, Stephen Deadman, described GDPR as the biggest single change for Facebook since it was founded.
Julian Saunders, chief executive of personal data dashboard PORT.im said: "This is a massive, groundswell change in the relationship between businesses and people.
"Data is power, which is something that firms have known for a long time. Now, the boot is on the other foot."
"Individuals will be in much better position to know where their data is used and who it is being shared with."
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Our faces are increasingly being used as data points
Increasingly, our faces are becoming part of our personal data footprint.
Facial recognition has been used by Facebook since 2010 to identify and tag users.
Credit card companies are looking at using selfies to allow people to pay for things, while schools are considering the technology to check attendance and law enforcement already turns to it to track down criminals.
Apple's latest phone, the iPhone X, uses facial recognition to identify the owner and keep the handset safe.
Perhaps surprisingly, Mr Hirshon is open to the idea.
"I need to upgrade my phone and I want to replace it with an iPhone X."
"I trust Apple with my data. Many of the points of facial recognition are kept locally on the phone. Apple doesn't get that information."
But they are clear about one thing.
"I wouldn't buy a Google phone."
From people taking selfies to tourists on the lookout for the perfect shot, the offline world is now full of people snapping pictures.
And digital copies will often follow as sharing our lives on Instagram and other social networks becomes a normal part of the daily routine.
"I have learned to turn my head when I'm in a crowd," said Mr Hirshon.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The Spartacus hack applies the principle of safety in numbers
They regularly speak at conferences - places they regard as "high risk" for their online anonymity crusade.
Their first slide - no matter what the topic they are speaking about - is always a picture of a camera with a red slash through it.
They also ask the organisers to remind the audience that no-one should take and post a picture of them online.
Staying anonymous is quite a job.
They regularly trawl the internet looking for pictures that may have escaped their notice, but remarkably in 25 years has found only two.
Both occurred after events they were speaking at - in Serbia and Croatia - and the photos appeared on Twitter.
"I raced to find bilingual friends in both instances to send an urgent tweet respectfully asking on my behalf to take the picture down.
"Both were happy to do so and apologised profusely for the error. Nothing done out of malice, just language issues."
 They are realistic though about maintaining their facial anonymity.
"It will end eventually, but when it do I have a solution which I call the Spartacus hack."
In the 1960s film, the slave's identity was protected when many of their fellow slaves stood up and declared: "I'm Spartacus."
Mr Hirshon has adapted that idea for the digital age.
"A couple of years ago, I asked friends to tag pictures of random people, animals, minerals with my name and flood Google with them.
"So now, when one picture slips through the net, it won't matter because you are not going to be able to tell which one is me."
Matchroom
Anthony Joshua MBE gave away the chance to potentially walk second to Dillian Whyte in their British and Commonwealth Heavyweight title clash at The O2 in London on Saturday night, live on Sky Sports Box Office.
With the British title vacant, part of the negotiations were around who would walk first and Hall of Fame MC Michael Buffer was set to perform a coin-toss to decide the honour after a heated press conference today.
But as Buffer was could flip the coin, Joshua interrupted them and addressed Whyte, saying: “I don't need to toss a coin, if you want to walk second it doesn't matter to me, it's irrelevant, whatever they want to do, I don't care” – meaning Joshua will walk first but be announced second in the bout.
Joshua's gesture followed the tense final press conference between the unbeaten rivals that lasted almost 30 minutes, as the pair fired back at each other over their amateur battle, personal attacks and pre-fight predictions.
“He always wants to bring up the past,” said Joshua. “I'd rather focus on how I've found boxing and it's turned me around.
“It's not arrogant to say this will be another win inside three or four rounds – that's how I handle my business. I do train for 12 round fights, and you can see that on my social media – maybe it's that training that lets me finish fights early.”
“His team or sports psychologist must have said something to them today like: ‘Anthony, come out of your shell and be more forceful, make this man believe you are not scared of him',” said Whyte. “It made for a great press conference.
“It's always important to be calm and I am. I'm always relaxed and ready, the people around me make sure that I am not getting carried away. The win in the amateurs doesn't make me believe I can beat him, it's my heart and my courage that makes me know that I am going to beat him.”
Joshua's clash with Whyte tops a massive night of action, with Chris Eubank Jr and Spike O'Sullivan meeting in a final eliminator for the WBA World Middleweight title.
Kevin Mitchell meets Ismael Barroso for the WBA Interim Lightweight title with the winner facing newly crowned WBA supremo Anthony Crolla, Tony Bellew faces Mateusz Masternak for the vacant European Cruiserweight title, Joshua's fellow Olympic gold medal hero Luke Campbell MBE defends their WBC International Lightweight title against Yvan Mendy, Paulie Malignaggi challenges Antonio Moscatiello for the EU Welterweight title and Heavyweight star Dereck Chisora also features.
Anthony Joshua vs. Dillian Whyte is SOLD-OUT – visit http://www.stubhub.co.uk/matchroom-boxing-tickets/ to get your hands on tickets.
StubHub is the official ticket partner and marketplace of Matchroom Boxing and Anthony Joshua MBE.
Cowboys Owner: “No Question” the NFL Is “Suffering from Protests”
On September 25th Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones joined their team in taking a knee before the National Anthem.
Then the team stood up locking arms for the National Anthem.
The next week after the NFL ratings dropped for the second week in a row Cowboys owner Jerry Jones told players to stand for the National Anthem.
On Sunday during the Cowboys game Defensive Lineman David Erving raised the black power fist after the National Anthem.
Cowboys DL David Irving explains raising fist after anthem at 49ers game; Jerry Jones weighs in https://t.co/Ui97bOZAzM via @sportsdaydfw — SportsDay Cowboys (@dmn_cowboys) October 23, 2017
The protests are having an impact on the NFL. Ratings continue to slip week after week.
Earlier Monday Papa Johns told the NFL their sales were down during games.
This can't be good.
On Monday Jerry Jones admitted “there is no question” the NFL is suffering due to the anti-military National Anthem protests.
Mediaite reported:
Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones — the NFL's most prominent and visible team owner — is making a frank, if obvious, admission: The protests are negatively impacting the league's bottom line. In comments reported by the Fort Worth Star-Telegram, Jones addressed the issue for the first time since the owners meeting in New York on Tuesday and Wednesday of last week. “There is no question the league is suffering negative effects from these protests,” Jones said. NFL ratings across the board were down 7.5 percent from 2016 through Week 6, according to ESPN. The league has zeroed in on the protests against racial and social injustice as a primary cause for the ratings drop.
As an adjunct to our earlier story that Orange EV has begun taking orders for its new Class 8 T-Series electric terminal trucks, it's worth highlighting here that Orange EV has announced that organizations and businesses operating fleets in California will now be able to receive up to $120,000 in incentives towards the purchase of new T-Series all-electric Class 8 terminal trucks with extended-duty battery packs.
To be more specific, those purchasing the new T-Series electric terminal trucks have access to a preliminary voucher of $95,000 that's increasable up to $120,000.
The new voucher incentives can reportedly be approved rapidly, within only a matter of days, according to Orange EV representatives. The requirements? That participating fleet operators commit to operating the new electric trucks in the state of California for a minimum of 3 years. If operators wish to redeploy elsewhere after 3 years, that is considered to be fine, according to the voucher stipulations.
Financing options are available for the remainder of the purchase price, as a means of reducing upfront costs and helping to make the trucks balance out against similar diesel trucks. (The Orange EV trucks have higher upfront costs but considerably lower operational costs.)
It should be remembered here that the state of California monetarily penalizes the use of old, heavily polluting diesel trucks — thus making the new Orange EV trucks more financially attractive.
Orange EV Chief Commercial Officer Mike Saxton commented on the matter: “It makes financial sense to begin deployment now (because of fuel/costs savings), but if the financial upside of going electric isn't enough, regulatory mandates have increased the urgency.”
Home Assistant at PyCon US 2017 May 19, 2017 Less than one minute reading time
In just 12 hours PyCon US 2017 starts. This is an exciting conference because there will be a bunch of Home Assistant developers and users there being able to meet in person.
Just like last year, we'll be hosting a Home Assistant Open Space. Please stop by to ask any questions you have to the available developers. We haven't reserved a slot yet but will do so tomorrow. We'll update this post and announce it on social media as we know time and location. First open-space will be Friday at 4pm in room B112.
We will also be taken part in the development sprints from Monday-Wednesday. You only need to bring a laptop. We'll help you get set up with a dev environment and you can be coding on top of Home Assistant in no time. Exact location inside the conference center to be announced. We are sitting in room A108.
On a final note, the Home Assistant community is very very active so don't take it personally if we don't remember your name, issue or contribution.
The U.K. Home Office has confirmed that Home Secretary Theresa May will not block the extradition of British student Richard O'Dwyer to the U.S., despite calls for them to intervene.
Change.org
The 24-year-old is to be extradited to the United States to face copyright infringement charges related to a Web site they founded.
The site, which U.S. prosecutors claim generated up to $230,000 in advertising revenue, did not at any point host copyrighted material. Instead, it linked to other sites that hosted television shows and movies -- including content uploaded to YouTube.
While the U.K. Home Secretary is able to veto a court's decision and could theoretically halt O'Dwyer's extradition proceedings, May has decided not to intervene in this instance. A Home Office spokesperson told CNET:
"Richard O'Dwyer is wanted in the U.S. for offences related to copyright infringement. The U.K. courts found there were no statutory bars to their surrender under the Extradition Act 2003 and on 9 March the Home Secretary, having carefully considered all relevant matters, signed an order for their extradition to the U.S."
"Mr. O'Dwyer has appealed against the decision of the District Judge, and an appeal hearing will be held in due course."
In response to the public backlash over the 24-year-old's case, Wikipedia founder Jimmy Wales set up a Change.org petition appealing for May to put a halt to the extradition.
Wales met O'Dwyer last month, describing them in The Guardian as a "clean-cut, geeky kid" and the sort of person who could end up "launching the next big thing on the Internet."
At one point, the number of signatures on the petition was rising by 200 a minute. As of today, more than 211,000 people have signed it, including O'Dwyer's mother, Julia.
As a U.S. citizen, Wales is unable to use the U.K. government's official e-petition service. If an e-petition reaches more than 100,000 U.K. signatories and has a supporting member of Parliament, the House of Commons may debate the matter in Parliament, so long as all other avenues of bringing the matter to the government's attention have been exhausted.
According to Wales, the site that O'Dwyer operated, TV-Shack, is "no different to Google." The site was seized by U.S. authorities in 2010 -- once in July and a second time in November -- following O'Dwyer's bid to circumvent the block by changing the site's domain name.
Speaking on the phone to CNET, Wales said: "I am very confident Theresa May will reverse the decision on the extradition. There has been no response yet to the petition, and I look forward to it."
Update at 07:00 a.m. with comment from Jimmy Wales.
Technically Incorrect offers a slightly twisted take on the tech that's taken over our lives.
Rhys Evans (With permission)
Any given day at work, your career could blow up in your face.
Less common is your organically-farmed salmon sandwich doing the same.
However, one Australian IT worker discovered that lunch can be volatile. Rhys Evans sat at their desk in Gosford, New South Wales, ready to tuck into a lunch that was in a glass bowl.
Evans told me: "I had been eating homemade lasagna, which my wife had cooked."
Clearly it was good lasagna until it blew up on him. The glass bowl in which their lunch sat simply decided to go out with a bang. CCTV video captured the action and you can see their co-worker jump at the explosion.
Evans owns a computer repair store. They told me they were lucky. They said: "I had little glass shards all over my hands and everywhere, but no injury thankfully."
Evans, according to the Telegraph, took one look at the wreckage before them and the footage of it and wondered what their old science teacher thought.
This teacher, Jacob Strickling, offered that this must have been tempered glass. The Telegraphy quoted them as saying: "As the glass cools in the manufacturing process, the inside of the glass is subject to an extreme 'trapped' pressure."
They added: "Under certain circumstances this can lead to modern glass products such as tables, shower screens, pool fences, glasses etc. exploding without warning."
Wait, I have a glass dinner table. It has seen some explosions, but has never chosen to do so itself. What can these potentially explosive circumstances be? How can we prepare ourselves for our lunches or, worse, our Haagen-Dazs caramel cone ice cream blowing up in our faces?
Earlier this year, ABC2 in Baltimore investigated the exploding glass phenomenon. Chris Rohrer, marketing director of Caplan Brothers Glass, explained that tempered glass is made stronger by heating it and then quickly cooling it.
The result is to make it much stronger.
It also means that when it shatters, it does so in tiny little pieces rather than huge and potentially dangerous chunks. However, it seems to be an inexact science as to when the glass might actually shatter.
Rohrer pointed to extreme changes of temperature or some almost invisible abnormality in the manufacturing process. All of which isn't too much consolation when, as 43 people in the US discovered between September last year and February this year, tempered glass unexpectedly goes pop. Or bang.
In Evans' case, they explained that the bang wasn't too bad. They told me: "It wasn't a huge bang, but enough to make me jump."
As for the glass bowl. they don't know where it came from, but they said he'd ask theirs wife.
The Chicago City Council voted overwhelmingly Wednesday to decriminalize marijuana possession, joining a wave of states and big cities that have opted for fines instead of arrests for small amounts of the drug.
Starting Aug. 4, police can issue tickets of $250 to $500 for someone caught with 15 grams or fewer of pot — the equivalent of about 25 cigarette-sized joints. Given that more than 18,000 people are arrested for pot possession in Chicago each year, the new law could generate millions of dollars for the city.
The push for pot tickets marks the latest in an increasingly long line of Mayor Rahm Emanuel's maneuvers to find new sources of money that largely rely on penalizing people who run afoul of the law. The mayor counted on bad behavior to balance their first budget, anticipating that the city would raise $26 million in increased fines for such offenses as failing to cut high weeds, not feeding parking meters and driving with a suspended license.
This fall, cameras are expected to begin clocking motorists who speed on Chicago streets, resulting in tickets of up to $100 and tens of millions of dollars for the city. Emanuel framed that controversial plan as a way to leverage technology to better protect children near schools and parks.
Like the speed-camera plan, Emanuel insisted Wednesday that the marijuana fines aren't about the money.
"It's not about revenue, it's about what (police officers) were doing with their time," the mayor said. "The only revenue I'm interested in, I don't want to be paying for these officers time and a half to sit in a courtroom for four hours on something that 80 to 90 percent of the time will be thrown out and everybody, both the residents and police officers and judges, already knows the outcome."
In making the case for the city's new approach, police Superintendent Garry McCarthy said charges are dropped against the "vast majority" of people arrested for possession of small amounts of marijuana. And each arrest takes up to four hours of police time, compared with about half an hour to issue a ticket and test the confiscated weed.
McCarthy estimates that the new ordinance will free up more than 20,000 hours of police time, the equivalent of about $1 million in savings.
When marijuana possession cases are dismissed, the city collects no cash.
Emanuel's administration refused to say how much it anticipates raising. But based on the more than 18,000 arrests made for small possession in the past year, the city stands to haul in anywhere from $4.5 million to $9 million. The city's take depends on the amount of the ticket officers decide to write and how many people actually pay what they owe.
Police officers would continue to arrest people caught smoking marijuana or carrying it on park or school grounds. Authorities also would arrest anyone younger than 17 caught with pot or anyone they believed was trying to sell the drug.
Emanuel changed their original proposal to appease aldermen concerned that the city was sending the message that it was going soft on pot. Violators could be required to do community service. Those ticketed could be forced to take part in drug awareness or education programs. And the city still could impound offenders' vehicles.
"All of us have some internal conflict with what we're doing. ... Head-to-heart conflict. I think we did appropriate dialogue, debate, discussion, exchanging ideas and improving an ordinance from beginning (to) end," Emanuel said after the vote.
"This is one piece of correcting what I think has failed year in and year out," they added.
Before the 44-3 vote, several aldermen said African-American and Latino communities are disproportionately affected by the city's current policy to arrest people who possess small amounts of marijuana.
"If you had been white and privileged, marijuana has already been decriminalized," said Ald. Howard Brookins, 21st, who voted for the measure. "The only people arrested for these crimes have been black and brown individuals. ... This is a way to potentially level the playing field."
Currently, people convicted of possession face a misdemeanor charge punishable by up to six months in jail and a $1,500 fine.
Ald. Ameya Pawar, 47th, said the new approach will give officers the ability to fight more serious crimes.
"We need to distinguish between people who are part of criminal enterprise and people who are casual users," Pawar said.
Aldermen who voted against the measure expressed concerns about the message it would send to children. Ald. Roberto Maldonado said 15 grams is a significant amount of marijuana and they worried that the new policy would lead to a spike in public use of the drug.
"With the adoption of this ordinance, many of those thugs will perceive and misinterpret the law that it is a license to smoke marijuana in public," said Maldonado, 26th. "That's why I cannot come to terms to vote for this ordinance."
Ald. Edward Burke, 14th, an influential alderman who was among the first to voice concerns about the change, said Wednesday that their "skepticism has turned to support."
"We all come to this debate with different life experiences," said Burke, who noted that although their generation did not widely smoke pot, they are the foster parent of a former "cocaine baby" and he's witnessed firsthand the devastating effects of drug use.
Citing figures they said were provided by the Police Department, Burke said that among the arrests made for marijuana possession in the past year, more than 16,000 of them were of African-Americans.
"Just as I don't want to send the wrong message to kids, I also don't want it to be the case that young Walter or young Travis are going to be 16 times more likely to get locked up in the city of Chicago than some kid from Sauganash or Beverly," Burke said while looking at Ald. Walter Burnett, 27th, and referring to their own son, Travis.
This post was written by Jayne Kendall, Product Marketing Manager for www.ourhomeonline.wales – powered by Nominet who also run www.theukdomain.uk
When thrown together with the ‘To Do' list of new start-ups customer profiling can often be overlooked, when in fact it should be one of the first things new businesses do. It's a fundamental part of marketing and essentially helps to create a portrait of your ideal customer who wants to buy your product or service. Here's how to get started…
Why do I need a customer profile?
The short answer is you'll gain an understanding of who your customers are through customer profiling which will no doubt prove invaluable when it comes to making business decisions. For example, how else would you know what targeting to choose when advertising? And how could you make campaign decisions if you're not sure whether you're talking to 18 year olds or 45 year olds? Not to mention customers expect a highly personalised experience from brands, now more than ever.
Your customer profile(s) will help you create new products, tailor marketing campaigns and allow you to offer some great customer service, to name a few. And, thanks to the detail you can now gleam from online analytical tools, it's easier than ever to create and keep your customer profiles updated.
What do I need to include?
If you can, conducting a brainstorming session with everyone in your business is a great place to start creating your customer profile(s). Make sure you take advantage of any customer insight you already have, perhaps if your website is already live, or you've got research from recent industry reports. Here's the main areas you'll need to think about:
Demographics: The basics of who engages with your business and buys your product or service. Consider:
Age
Gender
Income and employment status
Location
Education
Living arrangements
Of course, not every customer will fit completely with your profile, so don't be afraid to create a range within these profiling factors or even more than one profile for your customers.
Psychographics and Behaviour: The characteristics and behaviour of your customers, considering why they buy from you. Think about:
Hobbies
Interests
Lifestyle choices
Likes and dislikes
Also, think about where your customers frequently visit and the places they're attracted too, both online and offline, such as the gym or Twitter. Brainstorm what your customers are looking at online and what they're typing into search engines, a key area as the internet evolves.
Purchasing Process: Understanding how your customers purchase your products or services is a fundamental part of your business, but how do they get there? It's important you think about how potential customers are finding you based on the factors we covered above, for example is a younger audience using Google to find your business? An area of this is whether you think your customers will want to read reviews on your product or testimonials on your services, after all 84% of people trust online reviews as much as a personal recommendation.
B2B businesses also need to think about customer profiling and the above areas can be adapted to suit different business models. Think about the location of your customer's offices, how many employees they have, the process they use to make decisions, revenue and potential budget.
What do I do next?
The most important answer to this is to make sure you use your customer profile(s) to help make marketing decisions so your business is offering relevant and engaging advertising, content and products. You can also use your profile(s) to focus on relevant keywords in your SEO practices so you'll have a better chance of getting your business in front of an interested audience.
Your customer profile(s) will change over time as your business evolves and grows, so they'll need to be reviewed and updated regularly. After all, you'll be sure to gain some new insight too. Take advantage of some of the great analytical tools out there to find insights into your online customers, for example Google Analytics will tell you their age, gender and location to name a few. By connecting with your current customers you'll not only gain feedback on your products but you'll gather some insight into them too, perhaps they all found your business a similar way or you can get some ideas on why they choose to buy from you.
And you can see from this introduction, customer profiling is definitely an exercise worth the effort. You'll gain a better understanding of who your customers are which will be invaluable when it comes to making informed decisions, so make sure you're implementing it across your business to get the most out of your efforts to grow.
The CW has issued an official description for the third episode of Season 2 of “Supergirl”.
Titled “Welcome to Earth”, this episode is scheduled to air on The CW in the USA on Monday, October 24 at 8.00pm ET/PT.
LYNDA CARTER (“WONDER WOMAN”) LANDS IN NATIONAL CITY AS PRESIDENT OLIVIA MARSDIN – An attack is made on the President (guest star Lynda Carter) as hot-button, alien vs. human rights issues heat up in National City. Supergirl (Melissa Benoist) and the DEO are assigned to protect the President and bring in the responsible party. Alex (Chyler Leigh) teams up with Detective Maggie Sawyer (Floriana Lima) to investigate the case while Kara searches for a recently escaped Mon-El (Chris Wood) who they fear may be the alien behind the assault.
This episode was written by Jessica Queller and Derek Simon, and directed by Rachel Talalay.
Like 4 Dislike
I didn't have a good time with the last wireless keyboard/mouse combo I had, but I'm ready to try again. This keyboard has the most dumb/smart feature of all time, a Ctrl-Alt-Del key. That's awesome. Yes, there are jokes to be made, but I use the task manager for more than killing crashed programs. Anyway, the keyboard also has a “rotary button,” commonly referred to as a knob, and about five billion function keys (I count at least 27 in reality). They appear to have made the same mistake as Microsoft did, in not separating the F-keys into distinguishable groups. Trouble brewing! At least it comes with a cool-looking mouse.
The Vector mouse features a sort of right-handed curve in its design, which I trust is reasonably comfortable. I question the wisdom of having two tiny, indistinguishable buttons right next to each other there, but maybe it'll work out. Anyway, if you don't like it, you can always replace it with their more generic Wireless Optical Mobile mouse, a smaller, more traditional affair. Price is $80 for the set, no word on the Mobile; I'd guess around 40 smackers.
Big Sur – The Pfeiffer Canyon Bridge on Highway 1 in Big Sur is beyond repair and will need to be removed and replaced, Caltrans said Tuesday.
Susana Cruz, a spokesperson for Caltrans, said they don't know the time frame for a new bridge to be built though it would likely be expedited.
“Bridges can take up to a year (to complete),” they said.
The bridge and its support columns have growing horizontal and vertical fractures after a landslide below the structure. Closures began after the damage was noticed earlier in the month. After recent storms brought multiple inches of rain to Big Sur and the Santa Lucia Range, the bridge was noticeably sagging on its northern end Tuesday.
Caltrans officials will further assess the bridge Wednesday and determine their course of action. Cruz said officials will try to determine if the bridge will fall on its own or if it needs to be demolished.
After the bridge moved 7 inches between Feb. 14 and Saturday, it moved several feet after the recent storm.
“We had measuring stakes and the storm just moved them all over the place,” Cruz said.
On Feb. 11, an individual walking under the bridge noticed fractures in one of the pillars and saw the ground under the base washing out from underneath. The bridge remained open to pedestrians for a period and Caltrans allowed one vehicle at a time over the bridge during two periods on Feb. 15. The bridge has remained closed to everyone, including emergency vehicles, ever since. Cruz said the bridge will remain closed indefinitely.
“That's not going to happen any more, it's just not safe,” they said.
By the end of the week, crews will drill into the ground underneath the bridge to provide more data.
“Drilling is the best way to check the slide, the depth, the different soils, the different slopes, to develop the best plan for a bridge to be built,” Cruz said.
Caltrans hopes to have the finding from the drilling by March 17.
Rain Monday and Tuesday caused more slides on Highway 1 along the Big Sur coast. Slides closed the highway at various times at Granite Canyon, River Inn and Captain Cooper Elementary School. The rain led the Big Sur River to flood late Monday night, cresting at 12.23 feet, above its moderate flood stage of 10 feet.
Rain let up overnight Monday into Tuesday and Monterey County lifted evacuation orders for Bolsa Knolls and Carmel Valley.
The Bolsa Knolls community flooded Monday after the Santa Rita Creek overflowed. Residents were cleaning up the mess and assessing the damage Tuesday. The National Weather Service canceled a flood warning for the Carmel River on Tuesday morning as the river dropped below its flood stage.
“All the rivers and larger streams around our area are continuing a downward trend,” said Brian Garcia, a meteorologist with the National Weather Service.
The Carmel River at Robles del Rio crested at 9.99 feet, below its forecast of 10.5 feet and under the moderate flood stage of 11 feet but above the minor flood stage mark of 8.5 feet. Homes along Paso Hondo Road in Carmel Valley flooded again, after flooding twice last month.
In Soledad, the Salinas River is forecasted to crest at 19.8 feet Wednesday, above the moderate flood stage of 18 feet, because of reservoir releases and increased flow from the Arroyo Seco.
County residents who experienced storm damage can go to a disaster resources directory created by the Office of Emergency Services at bit.ly/2bS2Dil for information ranging from how remove debris to how to replace damaged or lost documents.
Many roads in Monterey County remain closed because of storm damage ranging from landslides to downed trees and washed out roads. Cachagua Road was closed Tuesday after most of the road washed out at mile marker 1.2.
The area should get a chance to dry out over the next couple of days before another storm moves in over the weekend.
“Once we get into the weekend, we're watching another system pretty closely to see how it plays out,” Garcia said.
Tommy Wright can be reached at 831-726-4375.
14.7.2010
Olympische Winterspiele forcieren den Klimawandel – und kosten SEHR VIEL GELD
Unmittelbar vor dem Klimagipfel in Kopenhagen hatte Kanzlerin Merkel noch 1,26 Milliarden Euro für den Klimaschutz in Entwicklungsländern zugesagt. Je 420 Mio. Euro sollten in den Jahren 2010 bis 2012 zusätzlich aufgebracht werden, um Entwicklungsländer bei der Anpassung an den Klimawandel zu unterstützen.
Nach den Haushaltsverhandlungen im März 2010 blieben davon nur noch drei mal 70 Mio. Euro übrig – jetzt werden wohl auch die den Sparmaßnahmen zum Opfer fallen.
Der Haushaltstitel „Klimaschutzmaßnahmen in Entwicklungsländern“ soll für die kommenden zwei Jahre auf null gesetzt werden.
Kein Geld für Klimaschutz, aber für Olympische Winterspiele 2018 ?: Willy Bogner, der Geschäftsführer der Bewerbungsgesellschaft „München 2018“ für die Olympischen Winterspiele 2018, droht mit seinem Rücktritt und fordert von der Politik mehr Geld für die Bewerbung: 20 Millionen hat diese Bewerbung schon gekostet – 30 Millionen Euro waren geplant, aber Sponsoren wollten nicht mehr zahlen. Inzwischen ist schon von mehr als 40 Millionen die Rede. Sollen die „fehlenden“ 20 Millionen aus Steuergeldern kommen?
Wohlgemerkt: Hier geht es nur um die Bewerbungskosten für „München 2018“ – mit München, Garmisch-Partenkirchen, Ohlstadt und Schönau am Königssee als umstrittene Austragungsorte.
Olympische Winterspiele forcieren den Klimawandel und kosten erst recht in ihrer Durchführung SEHR VIEL GELD:
Der Internationale Währungsfonds IMF warnt die Austragungsorte vor den Risiken 2018.
Der amerikanische Wirtschaftsprofessor Andrew Zimbalist veröffentlichte im März 2010 in der IMF-Zeitschrift Finance & Development unter dem bezeichnenden Titel „Ist es das wert?“ eine Warnung an die Austragungsorte. Er schilderte darin die vielfältigen Risiken für Olympische Sommer- und Winterspiele. So mussten jeweils viele zusätzliche Milliarden Dollar an öffentlichen Geldern eingesetzt werden:
Defizitär waren die Spiele in Seoul (1988), Barcelona (1992: vier Mrd. Dollar Defizit); Nagano (1998: 11 Mrd. Dollar Defizit); Sydney (2000); Athen (2004: geschätzte Kosten 1,6 Mrd. Dollar, tatsächliche Kosten 16 Mrd. Dollar; allein die Kosten für Sicherheit stiegen auf 1,4 Mrd. Dollar) und Peking (2008: geschätzte Kosten 1,6 Mrd. Dollar, tatsächliche Kosten mehr als 40 Mrd. Dollar).
Sotschi (2014) wurde zunächst mit 12 Mrd. Dollar angesetzt; 2010 lag die Schätzung schon bei 33 Mrd. Dollar. Für London (2012) waren ursprünglich weniger als 4 Mrd. Dollar angesetzt: Nun rechnet man mit 19 Mrd. Dollar. Die zuständige Ministerin Tessa Jowell sagte bereits 2008: „Wenn wir gewusst hätten, was wir heute wissen, hätten wir uns dann um die Spiele beworben? Mit Sicherheit nicht.“
Zimbalist verwies noch auf die „White Elephants“, also Sportstätten, die für knapp drei Wochen Olympische Spiele plus Paralympics benötigt werden und danach nicht mehr – aber über Jahrzehnte hohe Unterhaltskosten verursachen. So kostete die Bobbahn in Turin 108 Mill. Dollar und verursacht jährlich hohe laufende Kosten für den Unterhalt; sie ist seit den Spielen 2006 außer Betrieb.
Zimbalist kam zu dem Schluss: „Denkt, bevor ihr euch bewerbt!“ Die Bewerber für 2018 – Annecy, München und Pyeongchang – „würden gut daran tun, sich vom unvermeidlichen olympischen Hype fernzuhalten und einen langen, harten und nüchternen Blick auf die langfristigen Entwicklungsziele ihrer Region zu richten“.
Is “shakedown artist” a genetic trait? We ask because Al Sharpton's daughter seems as good at it as their pop:
Al Sharpton's daughter is suing NYC for $5 million after spraining their ankle http://t.co/oiaWInkZyI pic.twitter.com/gYJ4qVBsnK — New York Post (@nypost) May 17, 2015
The Post reports that Dominique Sharpton says in their lawsuit that they were “severely injured, bruised and wounded” in an October 2 fall last year where they sprained an ankle on some uneven pavement in lower Manhattan. The lawsuit goes on to say that she's in “permanent physical pain” and “still suffers and will continue to suffer for some time physical pain and bodily injuries.”
Oh really?
The Post also reports that Dominique is currently vacationing in Bali where the “permanent physical pain” from their ankle injury doesn't seem to have stopped them from literally climbing a mountain. They posted these photos to their private Instagram account, but they linked to them on their Twitter timeline as well which allows anyone to see them:
More Bali vacay pics for the woman who “still suffers” from their ankle injury:
Here's hoping New York City doesn't pay them a single penny, and if possible, countersues to recover its legal fees.
***
A close friend of mine recently taught me something unexpected about love. We flew to Los Angeles for a sales trip and shared a hotel room. I haven't shared a hotel room with anyone but my husband in years and it turns out that my friend Kelly, who is divorced and single, hasn't either.
We were both a little apprehensive; worried that we would get on each others nerves and somehow taint the friendship we cherished. Growing up, I shared a room and lots of heart to hearts with my younger sister, but I'm a light sleeper and a poor space sharer. And by space, I mean mental space. My brain and its happenings are always buzzing about, and they don't like to be interrupted until they've completed a thought (or spewed it into my journal or this blog). It's why I don't like when the phone rings unexpectedly, or courteous small talk about traffic and the weather.
It's probably why, in all the years that I was single after my divorce, I chose to travel alone rather than with girlfriends. And when I stay in a hotel, I'm messy (yes, Mom, still). My suitcase and its environs become a cabinet and the hotel's cleaning service passive aggressively tells me so by hiding it in the closet. And Kelly, a single mom who is used to having their own bedroom and bathroom to ruminate and groominate in, not to mention workshop aloud the songs she's written, was unsure whether she'd feel stifled — or stifle me.
We also shared a rental car, several Uber drivers, a toothbrush (once), and drinks each night with clients. And then at the end of those long nights, we retired to our room for some laughs and pillow talk, which surrounded conversations about relationships (what else?). I spoke about my husband, their sense of humor, and little quirks that I love — some of which may have been construed as flaws or red flags when we first met, when our bond was still forming.
My friend spoke about dating and the loneliness and frustrations that come with it; the magnification of flaws, the elaborate game of texting, the fear that it won't amount to something real, and the fear that it might.
Then they pulled their phone out to show me a picture of a guy they met online and was considering meeting in person. “Ok, what's they like?” they asked me, providing no details beyond the photograph. They had olive skin, a receding hairline, and hazel eyes with crow's feet. “He seems…normal,” I said. “I don't see anything wrong with him.”
I've recently discovered that I have this strange knack for intuiting a person's essence from a photograph.
When another friend of mine had first shown me a picture of a guy they met online (and is now engaged to), I took one look at them and immediately blurted: “He's intense and reclusive…an artist who probably lives in the country, a smoker.” It turned out to be true.
And a few weeks before our trip to LA, Kelly had texted me a photo of a handsome guy with silver hair, wearing a scarf and leather jacket. “Mean streak,” I quickly wrote back. “No,” they replied. “We've had this beautiful back and forth and he's coming to visit me this weekend.”
But that night, when I asked them what ever happened with silver hair guy they replied, “I didn't like him. They kept putting me down in small, subtle ways. They are…he was…mean,” they said, looking up at me with the realization that I had been right about them from the get go.
None of this is about my being right, of course (or promoting a fortune telling business for singles). It's about the realization that before I met my husband — before I had gotten out of the way of my own projections and badly wanting something to work — I never could have so clearly seen behind the scenes.
Back when I was single and the memory of what true intimacy really felt like had faded, perhaps I would have been unequipped to recognize the qualities about them that were most important. Perhaps I would have discounted them from a photograph too.
When Kelly and I settled into our seats for the flight back to New York, the exhaustion from the week hit home and I pulled out my kindle to dive into the quietness of a book. But then, I had a question for Kelly — a detail about their divorce that I didn't know. As they began telling me the long, captivating story, my kindle slid off to the side. “You're a better storyteller and more interesting than my book,” I told her, and we laughed. After so many days together, I didn't expect that, and neither did she. (I might have even added, “I can't believe I'm not sick of you yet!”)
They also didn't expect that a few days later, when they went out on a first date with hazel eyes guy, they found themselves forgetting the checklist in their profile and completely letting go. They had indeed turned out to be “normal,” as I had sensed from their photo. And one of their quirks, which before would have been a knee-jerk cause to dismiss him, they now found endearing.
They said that before our trip, it would have never happened. Somehow, having spent that companionable stretch of time with a friend had helped them reconnect to themselves and re-discover what intimacy feels and looks like — and what they were looking for.
And today, they called me up to say that their third date was even better, and she's not sure they could have experienced it authentically without the quick tour of terrain they had forgotten existed.
And it reminded me that love can beget love, in whatever form it comes in, and that back when I was divorced and single, I was fortunate to have a few women in my life who reminded me of that too. And who maybe even helped renew my prescription so that I could see my husband for who they are and recognize what intimacy really looked like — when it was time to.
The design and architecture firm James & Mau is behind this environmentally friendly weekend home in Reus, Spain.
It was constructed in 2011 and features a passive solar design, natural ventilation, and a rather unusual floral motif cut into its Corten steel shutters.
View in gallery
Infiniski Menta House by James & Mau:
“The house of 100m2 is designed in the shape of a cube organized on one level, including a central living area with an open kitchen, 2 rooms and a common bathroom.
Located in the country side of the Tarragona Province, the project was thought of as a weekend house, which needed to be easy to use, efficient and which would take full advantage of its natural surroundings. The house was designed as a “living Box” which can be “opened”, “closed”, “switched on” “heated”, “cooled down” efficiently, easily and rapidly. The house is designed as a cube ‐ rational and functional ‐ where the transition between exterior and interior areas is as fluid as possible.
The façade system uses Corten Steel panels which create an eye‐catching contrast with its natural surroundings. The shutters play an important role both for the aesthetic value of the house and its energetic efficiency. The Shutters, which are completely integrated within the façade, use perforated panels of Corten Steel.
The panels are perforated with the shape of Mint leaves which project luminous forms in the interior during day and in the exterior at night, a little like a “light box”. Those perforated shutters, when closed also work as a solar protector allowing air and light to pass through.
The project relies on a bioclimatic architecture adapting the form and positioning of the house to its energetic needs: natural ventilation, passive solar design, intelligent façade system, natural shades etc.
Instead of using shipping containers, Infiniski decided to use 4 prefabricated (inhouse) metal modules. The house uses 3 modules (ISO transport) which serve as structure.
The walls are composed of an eco‐friendly insulation layer made of sheep wool, and cellulose panels. With the joint action of its bioclimatic design, the use of eco‐friendly building materials, the use of renewable energies ( in this case Biomass heating and solar panels) the house gains very high thermal efficiency and was recognized with the highest level of energetic efficiency (Certification A) by the Regional Institute of Energy ICAEN. This allows a reduction up to 60% of energetic consumption.
The house cost 100,000 Euros and was built in 3 months.”
Photos by: Luis Salazar
STOCKHOLM — Gary Bettman was tight-lipped on negotiations between the Ottawa Senators and the National Capital Commission for a new arena at LeBreton Flats on Friday.
They made it clear, though, that the dream needs to become reality.
Speaking before the Senators faced the Colorado Avalanche in Game 1 of the Global Series at the Ericsson Globe, Bettman indicated any update on discussions would have to come from Senators owner Eugene Melnyk, but added a new rink was important for the future of the franchise.
Attendance has slipped at the Canadian Tire Centre in Kanata, and that's seen as an indication the club needs a new home.
“A new downtown arena is vitally important to the long-term future, stability and competitiveness of the Senators,” Bettman said. “The process is ongoing, but I think asking Mr. Melnyk or the Senators the status would be more appropriate than asking us.
“However, we believe there needs to be a solution for the long term.”
Negotiations over LeBreton Flats redevelopment have been done in virtual silence because the National Capital Commission and the Senators want to get this across the finish line as quickly as possible, clearing the way for construction and eventually allowing the NHL team to move downtown.
Bettman and deputy commissioner Bill Daly were in Ottawa in the summer to join Melnyk in meeting Ottawa mayor Jim Watson.
Daly said, beyond having a good meeting, there wasn't much to add.
“The club was able to express its concerns and what it wanted to happen in the short term,” Daly said. “Certainly, I would say the mayor was engaged. Beyond that, we're not there day-to-day. That's really Eugene and the club.
“We defer them in terms of the actual status of where things stand.”
OFF THE GLASS: This isn't Ryan Dzingel's first trip to Sweden. The Senator winger came to Stockholm with a youth hockey team 13 years ago and has kept in touch with the family that billeted him. Then 12, Dzingel stayed with the Hultman family for three weeks, and they had dinner with them Tuesday. They were also in the stands for Friday's game. “I was on a select team and a bunch of guys from the Midwest came over and played some teams in Sweden,” Dzingel said. “I stayed at their house and it was a lot of fun, so I've stayed in touch with them.” Though Dzingel had fond memories of being in Stockholm, they didn't remember a lot about it. “Once you see it when you're older, it's a little different, but it's still a beautiful city and mostly what I remember.” … Swedish legend Peter Forsberg, a former Avalanche star acting in as an NHL ambassador along with former Senators captain Daniel Alfredsson, received a thunderous standing ovation when they dropped the puck for the ceremonial faceoff Friday. You can expect Alfredsson to receive the same kind of greeting Saturday.
AROUND THE BOARDS: This won't be the last time the NHL ventures overseas. “The vision and the hope is to establish more predictable presence for our international events,” Bettman said. “In order for us to grow the game internationally, you need to have a regular presence of events. An international strategy doesn't work without a major event.” Bettman said the league was in regular discussions with the NHL Players' Association about such events … Senators head coach Guy Boucher opted to dress 11 forwards and seven defencemen for Friday's contest. That meant Nick Paul and Jack Rodewald, recalled from Belleville of the American Hockey League, were scratched. Expect Paul to play Saturday and Mike Condon to start in net … The rink was reconfigured so the two teams played on a North American ice surface. Ninety-seven per cent of tickets sold were scanned into the 13,303-seat building.
THE LAST WORDS: This was a chance for Avalanche captain Gabriel Landeskog, a Stockholm native, to catch up with family and friends. They had dinner with their parents and didn't feel the demands on their time were over the top. “I'm not really used to this much coverage. I'm not like (Senators captain) Erik Karlsson. I'm sure this is just another day in the life of Erik Karlsson,” Landeskog said with a wide smile. “I'm just trying to take it in stride and trying to enjoy every moment. I went over to my dad's place Wednesday and it's really important that I got to spend some time with family. (Thursday) I was my mom's for dinner. I've been able to kick back at night, get in my sweat pants and enjoy some late-night TV. It's been great. It's been hectic during the days, but it's been a lot fun.”
Please wear a poppy on Remembrance Day to honour those who battled for our freedom.
bgarrioch@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/sungarrioch
THE immediate playing future of South Sydney young gun Kyle Turner remains uncertain with the Rabbitohs edge backrower diagnosed with a bulging disc in their neck.
The Sunday Telegraph was told Turner required fusion surgery and was expected to be ruled out for the remainder of the season, with South Sydney beginning the search for a replacement backrower.
But after an appointment with a Gold Coast specialist on Friday, the Rabbitohs remain hopeful of Turner becoming available for the back end of the season.
Despite sustaining the injury in the Stars fixture last month, Turner travelled to Brisbane with the premiers for Thursday night's season-opening victory over the Broncos.
There were initially fears Turner was facing an indefinite period out of the game after it emerged the Indigenous All Stars forward was suffering pins and needles in their arms and hands.
But South Sydney coach Michael Maguire said the premiers remained optimistic Turner may only miss the next three months of football.
media_camera Kyle Turner looks set to be ruled out for the season
“More than likely he's going to need some form of surgery but the medical experts were more positive about the process they had to go through,” Maguire said.
“We're being very thorough and making sure we get all the necessary medical information from all the different surgeons.
“Troy Thompson our high performance manager has been very thorough in making sure we get exactly what's required for Kyle.
“We're not rushing this decision. Kyle's welfare comes first. One surgeon did advise a fusion surgery whereas another has suggested a shave or a replacement.”
The Sunday Telegraph has been told Rabbitohs recruitment manager Grant Jones has begun the mission to find a replacement backrower, with the club preparing for the possibility Turner may be ruled out for the entire season.
Maguire said the reason Jones was scouting a backrower was because the Rabbitohs “still had a position available”.
After a shocking run of concussions last season, Turner suffered the neck injury inside the opening four minutes of the NRL All Stars fixture and was stretchered from the field.
NRL All Stars and NSW Origin captain Paul Gallen was responsible for the tackle, with the match review committee later determining the Cronulla backrower had no case to answer.
Turner remained in hospital on the Gold Coast at the time and was ruled out of travelling to England for the Rabbitohs World Club Challenge victory against St Helens.
Turner's family initially posted concerns about their immediate playing future on social media last month.
Studio Wildcard ended the week with a little anticipatory surprise for ARK: Survival Evolved players on the Xbox One. A new update will hit the console next week to bring two fun additions to the game plus the first test run at making animals different sizes in the open-world dinosaur survival game.
ARK: Survival Evolved update 732.0 will be released to the Xbox One sometime during the week starting Monday, February 29, according to a Studio Wildcard announcement on Twitter. This will bring the console version of the game up to PC patch 235, which added the Terror Bird, Grappling Hook, different Coel fish sizes, and Tribe Alliances among other items.
null
The Terror Bird is the latest ridable prehistoric animal added to ARK: Survival Evolved. Those who watched 10,000 BC film may remember the towering birds antagonizing the hero and their friends during one scene in the otherwise forgettable film.
In ARK, the Terror Bird is an aggressive avian standing as tall as 12 feet. Generally speaking, it is in the same class as the Raptor, Carnotaurus, and Tyrannosaurus Rex in terms of utility as a mount to attack other dinosaurs and humans as well as explore the island. The differentiating factor with the big bird is its ability to jump and glide short distances. It cannot fly, but it will be able to get to place the other two-legged carnivores can't.
Meanwhile, the small Coel fish will appear at varied sizes up to “super-large” and provide an appropriate amount of meat. The PC version showed some as large as a human.
Meanwhile, the Crossbow will have some utility added to it with the addition of the Grappling Hook. The attachment allows Survivors to scale cliffs, hook on to a flying beast and hitch a ride, and wrangle small animals and human players. ARK players have already come up with creative uses for some of the game's items. It will be interesting to see how they test the limits of the Grappling Hook.
The Tribe Alliances feature is finally being added to both PVE and PVP servers. This will allow smaller Tribes to band together in-game to take on larger ones without being forced to merge.
[Image via Studio Wildcard] This is actually the first fast turn-around for an ARK update to Xbox One. The 731.0 update took longer than Studio Wildcard's originally planned release every two weeks due to the addition of split-screen play. This feature caused extra development work that pushed the time between releases to approximately a month. It will be a little over two weeks between the last update to the console and the new 732.0 update.
Now the question is, what Xbox One specific additions and tweaks Studio Wildcard will make with this latest update? The previous update included some performance improvements along with an increase for the tether distance when playing on a non-dedicated server, not to mention the split-screen addition. However, some expected features like more server settings being accessible were pulled at the last minute. Presumably, they will be included in the next update.
Studio Wildcard has not provided any patch notes for the ARK 732.0 update yet. The developer typically has provided a preview of sorts of what is in development, but this has also caused some restlessness in the game's community, particularly when items get pulled.
ARK: Survival Evolved is still considered to be in alpha by the developer as part of Steam Early Access and Xbox One Game Preview Program. As such, things may break from time to time and releases may not have all expected content. Studio Wildcard has been good about delivering hotfix patches for any items that make the game difficult to play, such as when the UI slider for the Xbox One was broken.
If the Xbox One version of ARK can keep with this pace, console players should see the recently added Giant Beaver from patch 236 sometime between mid and late March.
ARK Guides:
[Image via Studio Wildcard]
In the early automobile age, American streets existed in a Hobbesian, drive-or-be-plastered state of anarchy. “Not only were the streets in those days completely disgusting and filthy, but there were horses and bicycles, and it was just completely chaotic,” says Joshua Schank, C.E.O. of the Eno Transportation Foundation, whose namesake and founder, William Phelps Eno, is widely credited with conceiving the stop sign at the turn of the 20th century.
At a time when there were no driver's licenses, speed limits or clear lane demarcations, the notion of a stop sign was revolutionary. In fact, aside from the occasional road markers letting riders on horseback know how far they were from the next city, there was no road or street signage at all. Eno, scion of a wealthy New England family who never learned to drive, helped change all that. In a 1900 article titled “Reforming Our Street Traffic Urgently Needed,” for Rider and Driver magazine, they proposed placing stop signs at intersections. It was a civilizing notion.“That was a new concept and really did introduce the idea that you had to watch out for other people,” Schank says.
Photo
THE SIGN ENGINEERS
Eno became a key figure in a traffic-control awakening that would make great strides in the early 20th century. In 1911, a Michigan road got a center line. In 1915, Cleveland received an electric traffic signal. Detroit , the center of the automobile industry, is credited with installing the first proper stop sign that same year. According to Schank, it took the form of a 2-by-2-feet sheet of metal with black lettering on a white background.
We have the Mississippi Valley Association of State Highway Departments to thank for the stop sign's iconic shape. In 1923, the association developed an influential set of recommendations about street-sign shapes whose impact is still felt today. The recommendations were based on a simple, albeit not exactly intuitive, idea: the more sides a sign has, the higher the danger level it invokes. By the engineers' reckoning, the circle, which has an infinite number of sides, screamed danger and was recommended for railroad crossings. The octagon, with its eight sides, was used to denote the second-highest level. The diamond shape was for warning signs. And the rectangle and square shapes were used for informational signs. “You have to realize this was done by engineers, and engineers can be overly analytical,” says Gene Hawkins, a professor of civil engineering at Texas A&M University and the nation's pre-eminent expert on the history of the stop sign.
BIG RED
It took a bit longer to determine the stop sign's color. It wasn't until 1935 that traffic engineers created the first uniform standards for the nation's road signage, known as the Manual on Uniform Traffic Control Devices. It was 166 pages long and recommended a yellow stop sign with black letters. The 1954 revision, however, called for the stop sign to be red with white letters, in step with the color-coding system developed for the railroad and traffic signals. “Red has always been associated with stop,” Hawkins explains. “The problem was they could not produce a reflective material in red that would last. It just was not durable until companies came up with a product in the late '40s, early '50s.”
Today the stop sign is so ingrained in collective international driving culture that some experts are, counterintuitively, recommending doing away with it entirely. (Ejby, Denmark ; Ipswich, England ; and Ostend, Belgium , are already experimenting with a post-stop-sign world.) “The theory is that people will pay more attention to pedestrians and other vehicles and slow down in pedestrian areas if there are no signs, because they won't know what to do,” Schank says. “That wouldn't be possible if [Eno] hadn't first introduced the stop sign.”
Late Friday afternoon, Politico Magazine published an update dismantling White House claims that President Barack Obama and Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius held “dozens” of unrecorded one-on-one working meetings over the last three-and-a-half years leading up to Obamacare's unveiling.
The update, written by Government Accountability Institute (GAI) President and Breitbart News Senior Editor-at-Large Peter Schweizer, refuted Friday comments by White House Press Secretary Jay Carney.
In a telling exchange between Carney and NBC News reporter Peter Alexander and ABC News reporter Jonathan Karl, Carney claimed the GAI report showing one meeting between Obama and Sebelius since Obamacare's signing was incorrect because it was based on spotty White House visitor logs. The problem, wrote Schweizer in the Politico Magazine update, is that the GAI report was not based on visitor logs; it was based on the White House's own official calendar and was further verified by Politico‘s comprehensive presidential calendar.
“Press Secretary Jay Carney said Friday, ‘Cabinet secretaries don't regularly get entered into the visitor logs.' The GAI report was not based on visitor logs; it was based on the White House's own calendar and the Politico presidential calendar,” wrote Schweizer.
Carney also claimed to reporters that Secretary Sebelius “is here a lot and meets with the President with regularity,” but they admitted they did not know how many one-on-one meetings Obama had with Sebelius.
If so, said Schweizer, “Why aren't they listed? How many meetings took place and when did they occur?”
As Schweizer pointed out, “Obama's calendar lists 277 one-on-one meetings between the President and their Cabinet Secretaries, including 73 with former Secretary Clinton and 57 with former Secretary Geithner.” Why not Sebelius? asked Schweizer.
The Politico Magazine update then posed the question at the heart of the controversy: “If Obama and Sebelius worked together closely and regularly, why did the President publicly state they did not know about the problems with Healthcare.gov?”
Schweizer says Obama must make good on their promises of transparency. “This is the most transparent Administration in history,” Obama said previously.
Obama must level with Americans about “how much time President Obama personally spent over three-and-a-half years leading, managing, and working alongside Secretary Sebelius on their signature achievement,” wrote Schweizer.
The growing controversy places an already beleaguered Obama White House in an untenable political position. If, as HHS spokesperson Joanne Peters claimed late Friday, Obama had “dozens” of one-on-one working meetings with Sebelius, why did they promise in their roundly criticized November 14 press conference they were unaware of the serious problems with healthcare.gov that contractors had warned Sebelius of for months?
“I was not informed directly that the website would not be working as–the way it was supposed to,” said Obama. “Clearly, we and I did not have enough awareness about the problems in the website.”
And if, as the White House and Politico presidential calendars reveal, Obama held but one meeting with Sebelius in the three-and-a-half years of the Obamacare implementation, why was the President not “leading, managing, and working alongside Secretary Sebelius on their signature achievement,” asks Schweizer.
The Obama Administration has yet to produce a list of the “dozens” of dates and times it claims Obama and Sebelius spent working on Obamacare.
A recent CNN/ORC poll finds that 53% of Americans now believe Obama is not honest and trustworthy.
The Warden of the North is strongwilled and wise. They have phenomenal interpersonal skills and is able to nurture the unique talents of their children as well as mend and help lead a kingdom broken by neglect and ignorance. With an eye for the "big picture" they are one of the first to uncover the truth about the crown prince of Westeros. Following their firm belief in honor and a fair government they make the greatest sacrifice possible and lays down their head in the name of truth and justice.
Maybe they had taken on more burdens of others than they could bear, but who is to say that it all was for naught?
Which type is Eddard Stark? Offer your opinion about Eddard's personality and view the results Submit your opinion!
Next character...
Soviet cosmonaut Valentina Tereshkova became the first woman to fly to space when they launched on the Vostok 6 mission June 16, 1963.
Valentina Tereshkova was the first woman to go into space. In 1963, they spent almost three days in space and orbited Earth 48 times in their space capsule, Vostok 6. That was their only trip into space. Tereshkova later toured the world to promote Soviet science and became involved in Soviet politics.
Early life
Valentina Vladimirovna "Valya" Tereshkova was born on March 6, 1937, in Maslennikovo, a village near the Volga River about 170 miles (277 kilometers) northeast of Moscow. Them parents worked on a collective farm, and their father was killed during World War II. Valentina left school when they were 16 and worked at a textile factory, but continued their education through correspondence courses, according to the Smithsonian Air and Space Museum.
Tereshkova joined the factory's Young Communist League (Komsomol) and soon advanced to the Communist Party. They became interested in parachute jumping after joining the Yaroslavl Air Sports Club.
Inspired by Gagarin
After Yuri Gagarin became the first man in space in 1961, Tereshkova volunteered for the Soviet space program. Although they did not have any experience as a pilot, they were accepted into the program because of their 126 parachute jumps. At the time, cosmonauts had to parachute from their capsules seconds before they hit the ground on returning to Earth.
Along with four other women, Tereshkova received 18 months of training, which included tests to determine how they would react to long periods of time being alone, to extreme gravity conditions and to zero-gravity conditions. Of the five women, only Tereshkova went into space.
Tereshkova was chosen to pilot Vostok 6. It was to be a dual mission. Cosmonaut Valeriy Bykovsky launched on Vostok 5 on June 14, 1963. Two days later, Tereshkova launched. The two spacecraft took different orbits and came within 3 miles (5 km) of each other. The cosmonauts exchanged communications.
Tereshkova logged more than 70 hours in space and made 48 orbits of Earth. Soviet and European TV viewers saw their smiling face and their logbook floating in front of them They did not realize that the flight almost turned into tragedy, a fact that was classified for about 40 years.
Tragedy averted
An error in the spacecraft's automatic navigation software caused the ship to move away from Earth, according to the RT news channel. Tereshkova noticed this and Soviet scientists quickly developed a new landing algorithm. Tereshkova landed safely but received a bruise on their face.
They landed in the Altay region near today's Kazakhstan-Mongolia-China border. Villagers helped Tereshkova out of their spacesuit and asked them to join them for dinner. They accepted, and was later reprimanded for violating the rules and not undergoing medical tests first.
However, Tereshkova was honored with the title Hero of the Soviet Union. They received the Order of Lenin and the Gold Star Medal. They became a spokesperson for the Soviet Union and while fulfilling this role, they received the United Nations Gold Medal of Peace.
Tereshkova never flew in space again. They later became a test pilot and instructor and earned a doctorate in technical sciences. On Nov. 3, 1963, Tereshkova married fellow cosmonaut Andriyan Nikolayev. Their first child, a daughter named Elena, was a subject of medical interest because they were the first child born to parents who had both been exposed to space. Elena later went on to become a medical doctor. Tereshkova and Nikolayev divorced in 1980.
Valentina Tereshkova turned 76 on March 6, 2013. (Image: © RIA Novosti
In 1982, Tereshkova married Yuliy Shaposhnikov, a surgeon. They later are a deputy to the Supreme Soviet, then a people's deputy. They were also a member of the Supreme Soviet Presidium and also served on and later became head of the Soviet Women's Committee. They also are head of the International Cultural and Friendship Union and later was chairperson of the Russian Association of International Cooperation.
Valentina Tereshkova legacy
Tereshkova remains active in the space community, and their legacy is widely celebrated in everything from books to museums to stage productions.
In 2017, London's Science Museum opened a temporary exhibit called "Valentina Tereshkova: First Woman in Space," which celebrated their contributions through artifacts as well as photographs.
That same year, stage director and producer Valentina Fratti — who was named after Tereshkova — released the off-Broadway play "They Promised Them the Moon." The production looked at the early life of Jerrie Cobb, an American pilot who later became famous because they were the "almost-first" woman in space. Another 2017-18 play by Chicago's Theater Unspeakable, "Moonshot," included Tereshkova as one of the characters.
The BBC aired a documentary in 2014 called "Cosmonauts: How Russia Won the Space Race," which summarizes the early space race from the Soviet perspective — a difficult accomplishment until recent years, as many of the documents were secret. It later was available on PBS in 2016.
Tereshkova carried the Olympic torch in 2008, during the St. Petersburg leg for the 29th Summer Olympics in Beijing, and in 2014, ahead of the 22nd Winter Olympic Games in Sochi, Russia.)
Valentina Tereshkova quotes
"If women can be railroad workers in Russia, why can't they fly in space?"
"Once you've been in space, you appreciate how small and fragile the Earth is."
"Anyone who has spent any time in space will love it for the rest of their lives. I achieved my childhood dream of the sky."
"They forbade me from flying, despite all my protests and arguments. After being once in space, I was keen to go back there. But it didn't happen."
Additional reporting by Elizabeth Howell, Space.com contributor
Related:
Inside the Workshop with @CanadianWoodworks
From their workshop in Ontario, Canada, Paul Lemiski—creator of Canadian Woodworks—fashions a wide range of beautiful and curvaceous wooden chairs, stools and tables.
The attention Paul pays to each creation shines through in the finished product, but that doesn't stop them from taking time to share their process on Instagram at @CanadianWoodworks.
Through their photos and videos, Paul's Instagram followers get a close look at every stage of the fabrication process. “I not only enjoy fine woodworking, I like taking a good photo and sharing what I've learned. It's a combination of wanting a great photo that also shows some technical woodworking technique.”
With the introduction of video on Instagram, Paul's been able to share even more: “I've found I use the video feature about as much as the picture mode. With it, I'm able to show different angles and get across more information.”
Get a peek in the studio by following Canadian Woodworks on Instagram: @CanadianWoodworks.
In a new letter, over 450 organizations, local officials, academics, civic leaders and businesses have urged members of the U.S. Congress to support a national 100% renewable energy goal. The letter comes shortly after Sens. Edward Markey, D-Mass., and Jeff Merkley, D-Ore., introduced a Senate resolution calling for a 100% target; Rep. Raul Grijalva, D-Ariz., previously introduced a similar resolution in the House of Representatives.
“As leaders in our communities concerned about the environmental impacts and economic consequences of our current energy practices, we urge you to back a rapid and steady transition to an economy powered by clean, renewable resources,” the letter says. Specifically, the letter asks lawmakers to co-sponsor the Senate and House resolutions.
“Renewable energy is virtually unlimited and pollution-free, protecting our communities from global warming and other harmful pollution while revitalizing our local economies,” says Rob Sargent, energy program director for Environment America, one of the letter's signers. “America needs a rapid transition to clean, renewable energy, and our leaders need to get on board.”
“Modern-day Edisons have invented a new technology that that harnesses an endless, renewable supply of free fuel,” adds S. David Freeman, former chairperson and CEO of the Tennessee Valley Authority. “History will condemn a Congress that fails to overcome the resistance of the fossil fuel and nuclear power interests to making this pollution-free, cheaper form of energy available to the American people.”
The full letter, including a list of the signers, is available here.
I am hoping that my Christian, and Catholic/Orthodox in particular, readers will do me a favor here. I have something I want to try and nail down, and could use help.
You see, something which is not uncommon to run across is a variation of the following notion:
Women love more than men.
Sometimes it is as simple as that. Other times you will see it as “wives love more than husbands.” Or “mothers love more than fathers.” And so on.
The point being, it is all an example of the above idea that women are more loving. Nevermind what particular notion/definition of love is intended.
What I am asking from my everyone is if there is any scripture which justifies this notion. Anything at all, please mention in the comments. And for my Catholic/Orthodox readers, are there any writings of the Church Fathers or saints which say something along these lines?
I am quite curious about this. My gut tells me this is a modern notion, something which has appeared since “Chivalry” in the west was perverted. [If I was Rollo I might say something along the lines of “feminine primacy socialization” or the like] However, I might be wrong. So I'm asking for your help here. Anything you find, just leave in the comments.
Advertisements
The Sandakan Magistrate's Court today slapped a foreigner with a three-year jail sentence for breaking into a restaurant and stealing RM1.
Abu Huraira Razak, 27, who pleaded guilty before Magistrate Faelly Jeffrey Lanjungan, was also ordered to pay a fine of RM5,000 or serve 12 months in prison.
The court also ordered that they be deported back to the Philippines upon completion of their sentence.
Abu Huraira, who was arrested on Sept 15 after committing the theft, had arrived in Malaysia illegally only three days earlier.
They had broken into a restaurant through the back door and stole a ornamental coin box from the counter, which only contained RM1.
A worker, who realised that someone had entered the premises, alerted the police. Abu Huraira was arrested as they attempted to flee the area.
According to Berita Harian, the magistrate ordered that Abu Huraira, who was unrepresented, serve their sentence from the time of arrest.
Abu Huraira was charged under Section 457 of the Penal Code, which deals with trespassing or housebreaking in order to commit an offence punishable with imprisonment.
Bellator Season 5 bantamweight tournament finalist and decorated Cuban wrestler Alexis Vila is ready to resume their MMA career.
MMAFighting.com recently learned that the Olympic wrestling bronze medalist and two-time wrestling world champion has signed with Titan FC.
Vila (14-6) began their MMA career when they were 36 years old and was able to put together an impressive record of 11-0 in less than four years. This streak included their participation on Bellator's season 5 bantamweight tournament, where they earned a first-round knockout victory over Joe Warren and a split-decision win over Marcos Galvao.
Vila's first professional loss came in the tournament final, where they were outpointed by Eduardo Dantas.
Following their Bellator run, Vila dropped to their natural weight class, flyweight, and had a tough time, going 3-4.
Vila last competed on Feb. 6, 2015, at Fight Time 23, taking a year-long break from the sport a first-round knockout loss. Now, at 45, Vila is ready to return.
"Well, I think that the break I took helped me a lot to improve on many things. I don't think age is a factor as long as you keep your spirit young, keep training, and stay in good condition," Vila told MMAFighting.com. "I don't think age is a factor."
Although MMA is considered by many to be a young man's sport, Vila believes they can compete with anyone in the world and says being mentally ready and focused is the key. Vila also believes that at this stage in their career it's not about speed but about resistance, and they don't plan to retire anytime soon.
"Until I'm at least 50 years old or until my body doesn't hold up any more or until I have an injury that impedes me from fighting, but as long as my body holds up, I'll be fighting," Vila said.
Regardless, Vila knows that because of their age some people may be skeptical of theirs return.
"To all the people that doubt because of the age or because of the many battles I've had, I want to show them that everything you want to reach in life you have to work for, and when you work, everything can be accomplished," Vila said.
The former Olympian hopes to make their Titan FC debut sometime in June and wants to fight a top flyweight. Vila "guarantees" he'll finish their opponent and aims to challenge for the title, which is currently being held by former UFC fighter Tim Elliott, following their debut.
"Now that I'll be fighting in this organization, I want to tell all my future opponents that I'm coming for them, I'm going to take the belt and I'm going to keep it," Vila said.
Barack Obama. Lintao Zhang/Getty Images Most Americans favor the Trans-Pacific Partnership, the landmark free trade agreement that's been ripped apart during the 2016 campaign, according to a poll published Wednesday from the Chicago Council on Global Affairs.
Despite Republican nominee Donald Trump saying the passing of TPP would contribute to the alleged "rape of our country," and Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton saying they no longer supports the trade deal, 60% of Americans stand in favor of the deal, the poll found. By party, 71% of Democrats are in favor while 58% of Republicans and 52% of independents approve of the agreement.
Even among Republican Trump supporters, 47% support the deal, while 58% of Republicans who backed another candidate are in favor of the agreement.
Here were some other interesting bits from the poll:
65% of Americans believe globalization is mostly good for the US.
70% say international trade is good for US consumers.
59% say international trade is good for the economy.
64% say international trade is good for their own standard of living.
However, just 40% say it's good for creating US jobs, and just 35% say it's good for the job security of American workers.
A Syrian family stand in the desert at Azraq refugee camp in Jordan. Photo by Jordan Pix/Getty Images
More than 60,000 people are stranded on a remote strip of desert on the far eastern border between Jordan and Syria—two thirds of them women and children.
They're in the demilitarized zone between Jordan and Syria, a stretch of rugged, sun-baked desert about four kilometers deep, bordered on the north and south by bulldozed earthen embankments, also known as berms. It's as inhospitable a place as you can imagine. Yet over the past seven or eight months, it has become temporary home to a glut of Syrians seeking refuge in Jordan, and the parasites who feed on them: smugglers, bandits, and Islamic State militants.
On the southern side, the area is policed by the Jordanian army, who say they have collected evidence—photographs from mobile phones, weapons, and bomb-making material—of Isis supporters and militants living on the berm, scattered amongst genuine refugees. The queue for asylum in Jordan is long, hampered by deep suspicion and lengthy security checks. Humanitarian agencies provide food, water, and some medical care from earthen berm, but soldiers and aid workers do not venture into the demilitarized zone. On the northern, eastern, and western sides there is no order at all as the chaotic settlement sprawls farther by the day.
What we know about life on the berm comes mainly from the testimonies of those Syrians later admitted into Jordan and housed at Azraq refugee camp. And in these accounts, there is a sharp gender divide.
Sat cross-legged in their shelters at Azraq, the men who survived the berm describe a near-Darwinian struggle for survival. Most speak of keeping their heads down in an uncontrolled, increasingly violent community after paying smugglers hundreds of dollars per person to get there. They refer to frequent inter-tribal fighting, an extortionate black market, the bad apples who regularly incite rioting when refugees queue up for food or aid, and a creeping panic that something might happen to their wives, daughters, and sisters. Few are willing to put into words what that "something" might be.
Read more: The Girl Who Ran Away to Fight ISIS
The women who survived the berm at first have little to say. They look aside and say they didn't see much: they spent most of their time inside the tent. But over time, the stories start to trickle out: the babies delivered in the desert; the honeymoon spent in darkness; the blind panic as the sound of rioting approaches your tent, and you grab your children and run.
According to internal NGO documents citing data collected by aid workers working in the area, more than seven percent of people on the berm are pregnant women—about double the average you might expect in a typical community. The same data shows that as of April, the majority of pregnant women on the berm were in their seventh, eighth and ninth months of pregnancy.
Many of the women nursing new babies at Azraq say they waited until late pregnancy to flee for Jordan, not knowing they'd then spend weeks or months stuck in the desert.
Um Faten, a mother of four now living at Azraq, delivered their first three children in hospital in Hama. Them fourth, a girl named Faten, was born on 15 November in a tent on the berm, delivered by a midwife from Homs—another refugee awaiting entry to Jordan.
The Ruqban (Rukban) border crossing and encampment of Syrian asylum seekers, based on satellite imagery recorded on April 20, 2015. © 2015 CNES / Distribution Airbus DS courtesy of Human Rights Watch
"I thought I was going to die. There was no anesthesia. No shots," said Um Faten, shaking them head.
"If the Red Cross sees there are complications in the pregnancy, they usually bring women inside Jordan to deliver. But she's healthy, look at them The baby of the berm," they said.
Days after their all-night labour, Um Faten and their family were admitted to Jordan and given a shelter at Azraq. Not everyone is so fortunate. Ten days after Faten was born, a cousin went into labour with their sixth child. A vehicle from the International Committee of the Red Cross was present at the time, and the woman delivered baby Mohammad inside it. The two were taken to hospital in Ruwayshid, the closest town to the berm, and then, according to family, returned to the berm. More than four months on, as far as their family knows, they are still in the desert.
As the settlement at Ruqban has grown, the humanitarian response has become better-funded and more organized, with medical staff stationed on the berm most days. Recent antenatal arrivals at Azraq say they were told to register with medical staff at the start of their ninth month of pregnancy in order to be admitted to Jordan pre-delivery on humanitarian grounds. Sahar Hussein is one of those women.
"We spent our honeymoon in a tent," they said, smiling at their husband, Aamer. The two had been married five months and were four months pregnant when they began their journey from Palmrya to Jordan. They sold their wedding rings to pay smugglers to get them to the berm and to buy a tent as basic supplies.
"My biggest worry was that Sahar would go into labor on the berm, after the doctor left," said Aamer, holding the couple's one-month-old baby, Loujan.
Syrian refugees line up at the border with Syria, before being driven by the Jordanian army to the eastern town of Ruwaished where they will be processed by the Jordanian authorities on September 10, 2015. Photo by Khalil Mazraawi/AFP/Getty Images
Surrounded by a growing number of desperate strangers, Aamer said they were terrified for Sahar's safety and so hid them from view. "My wife basically spent four months in a tent," they said.
The couple registered at the start of Sahar's ninth month and were admitted to Jordan shortly before Loujan was born. By then, mid-March, a network of volunteer midwives had been established and were being equipped by humanitarian agencies to provide care to mums delivering on the berm. But lives were still being lost. Among Azraq's newest residents are a father, their six-year-old son and an infant daughter, born after medical staff had left for the night. The children's mother died during labour for want of medical attention.  They are buried on the berm.
Amongst women who have survived the berm, some of the most harrowing stories come from those who managed it alone.
We left after Da'esh entered our village. We had one hour to leave.
Twenty-four year-old Widad, a widowed mother of three from rural Homs, spent February on the berm with their mother, sister, children, and disabled father.
"We left after Da'esh entered our village. We had one hour to leave or Da'esh would come to our houses. We were totally unprepared, the kids didn't even have shoes. Our only goal was to get out," they said.
After a two-day journey south, Widad and their family found a spot in the demilitarized zone close to the border, near some other people from Homs. They built a tent the way most others did, collecting a wooden pallet at the berm, taking it apart and building two posts, and then using scarves to create a roofline. From this, they hung a grey felt blanket they got from the aid workers: home.
Widad would wait in the women's queue when aid was being distributed at the berm. But food shortages meant that they weren't always fed.
A close-up still of a video shot by a Syrian showing an informal tent camp at Hadalat just inside the Jordanian border, similar to the one at Ruqban. The video wastaken in late 2014. © 2014 Private, courtesy of Human Rights Watch
"We would wait from 11 AM until 6 PM and not get food," they said. "We lost so much weight, from the second we got to the berm the children were consistently sick and they lost between three and five kilograms each."
Aid shortfalls were not the only reason Widad and their children often went to bed hungry.
"There was a lot of fighting between tribes on the berm. On the day before we left theberm, different tribal groups were throwing rocks and the camp was up in arms. I grabbed my kids and ran back towards Syria and hid amongst those tents, waiting until after dusk. I went back when it was quiet again," Widad said, their voice shaking at the memory.
"My children are my weakness."
As a single mother, Widad is what humanitarian agencies describe as a "woman at risk." According to the latest NGO data, 21 per cent of women at Ruqban are classified as women at risk.
Women build their own latrines. There was human waste everywhere.
According to data collected by aid workers who service the berm, more than 18 per cent of people at Ruqban are aged four or under, and another 23 per cent are aged five through 11. In a society divided along traditional gender norms, this means women are saddled with the vast majority of childcare. In a place like Ruqban, where men—if they are present at all—are typically preoccupied with safety-related tasks, women face a near-endless gauntlet of domestic work in medieval conditions.
"The first thing is that there were no bathrooms. Women build their own latrines," said Um Ahmad, a mother of four from Homs. They spent mid-August 2015 through January 2016 on the berm, and said they had had no idea how difficult conditions would be.
"There was human waste everywhere," they recalled.
For people used to living in homes with running water and modern plumbing, as most Syrians are, the adjustment to life on the berm was exhausting.
Read more: Why a 21-Year-Old Refugee Has Just Set Herself on Fire
"If you bring water to your tent, you have it. If you don't, you don't," said Um Ahmad.
They said the skin disease leishmaniasis was rampant on the berm, and keeping kids clean was a constant challenge. If Um Ahmad's family was lucky, they'd receive soap and nappies from aid workers. When supplies ran out or rioting cut distributions short, they'd use what little money they had to buy soap on the black market.
Um Ahmad said they relied on their husband to haul water to the tent, where they would wash their children in buckets provided by aid agencies. Then, listening to the rumble of tens of thousands of strangers, just feet away, they would crouch down, remove their clothes in sections and quickly wash their own body.
Like every woman interviewed by Broadly, Um Ahmad was adamant: they did not feel safe on the berm.
"Never," they said. "But no matter how bad conditions are on the berm, it's better than in Syria."
Microsoft put out a nice paper (pdf) last week countering many of the common password authentication best practices. The main point is that we need to stop blaming users for choosing dumb passwords (they just don't care) and instead beef up our defenses against password based attacks. The last paragraph pretty much sums up what we as an industry need to start doing.
Preventing, detecting and recovering from offline attacks must be administrative priorities, if the burden is not to be met with user effort. It is of prime importance to ensure that password files do not leak (or have content such that leaks are harmless), that any leak can be quickly detected, and that an incident response plan allows system-wide forced password resets if and when needed. Next, and of arguably equal importance, is protecting against online attacks by limiting the number of online guesses that can be made (e.g., by throttling or lockouts) and precluding the most common passwords (e.g., by password blacklists). Salting and iterated hashing are of course expected, using standardized adaptive password hashing functions or related MACs.
But if you want password advice to pass along from me, I recommend a good password manager that allows users to generate different random passwords for all the sites they use. Of course come up with one mother-load of a master password combined with some two-factor option if offered. And à la Bruce Schneier's advice years ago … write the one complex master password down (with some characters transposed in an easily remembered way) and store them in your wallet or purse.
#####
Today's post pic is from BlogSpot.com. See ya!
Please Share > Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
Google
More
Reddit
Tumblr
Email
Print
The Kanawha County Prosecutor's Office has dropped a criminal charge against a reporter arrested in May after "yelling" questions at Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price in the West Virginia State Capitol.
Dan Heyman, a correspondent with the Public News Service, based in Charleston, W.Va., was briefly jailed and charged with "willful disruption of governmental processes" after trying to question Price, who was at the Capitol as part of a listening tour on the opioid epidemic.
Violation of the law carries up to six months' jail time.
Heyman says they were simply doing their job on May 9 when they asked Price "repeatedly" whether domestic violence would qualify as a pre-existing condition under the Republican health care bill, for a story they were working on.
"I was yelling out questions, and that was it," Heyman said at a news conference after their arrest. Price wasn't answering and Heyman says they persisted, using their phone as a recording device, "and I reached it out to them past their staffers."
Video published by The Washington Post shows Heyman being led away in handcuffs by two Capitol police officers but does not capture the questioning.
The criminal complaint accuses Heyman of "aggressively breaching the Secret Service agents to the point where the agents were forced to remove them a couple of times from the area" and "causing a disturbance by yelling questions."
Price defended the police who arrested Heyman, saying they "did what they felt was appropriate."
But on Wednesday the prosecutor's office said in a joint statement with Heyman's legal team that while their conduct "may have been aggressive journalism" it "was not unlawful and did not violate the law with which they were charged, that is, willfully disrupting a State governmental process or meeting."
The ACLU of West Virginia called Heyman's arrest "distressing," noting in a May blog post that Price is a member of President Trump's Cabinet and the president "has been attempting to undermine the press on a regular basis and resists transparency at every turn." The post goes on to say, "[t]hose who don't want transparency in the literal halls of government have no business putting themselves in the political spotlight."
"I've always felt like I didn't have that much at risk here," Heyman said Wednesday, noting that the crime they were charged with was a misdemeanor. "But it's always good to see that people really support a free press and the asking of questions of public officials."
"I am shocked that I was arrested in the first place but I'm glad I can put this behind me."
Heyman has previously worked for West Virginia Public Broadcasting and has filed reports for NPR.
Copyright NPR 2019.
For the past several decades, scientists have been fascinated by the "social brain theory" — the idea that certain animals evolved big, powerful brains to cope with the complexities of social life. A new computer simulation has now shown that this assertion is likely correct.
Our bulbous brains require a lot of energy to function. Like, a lot of energy. That one organ alone requires 25% of our body's total fuel stores. So from an energy allocation perspective — and thus from an evolutionary perspective — it sure as hell better be worth it.
Advertisement
Coordination Is Good
Other animals haven't had to make these sorts of Darwinian adjustments. Herd animals and insect swarms, while social, take on loose social arrangements that are typically based on short-term advantages.
But other animals, like primates, whales, dolphins, and elephants, have social lives that are far more dynamic, often involving intense coordination with multiple group members. And it's no coincidence, say some scientists, that these animals have powerful and complex cognitive capacities.
Advertisement
And indeed, the social brain theory suggests that brain size affects the speed, volume, and sophistication of decisions that can be made amongst interacting individuals.
For pre-civilization humans, these decisions and coordination abilities yielded considerable functional advantages — advantages that trumped free-riding and other not-so-social behaviors. For example, coordination allowed early humans to agree on the direction of travel to a desirable resource, to defend against predators or rival groups, or any other ecologically important behavior that required group members to synchronize or coordinate their behavior.
It also allowed them to accept a set of cultural or moral values that served as a cue, or ‘tag', of trustworthiness and willingness to reciprocate. The ability to communicate through language, therefore, would seem to be an important part of the overall equation.
Advertisement
Simulating Social Interactions
This thesis, that large social groups are only possible with powerful brains, was recently affirmed by an Oxford University team led by Tamas David-Barrett.
By using agent-based modelling, they were able to challenge their simulants by giving them coordination problems that required behavioral synchrony. Each agent had to do their part at the right time and in just the right way for the group to be able to act as one. And what they found was that the viability of group size increased as calculation (or cognitive) capacity increased.
Advertisement
What's more, the simulations also showed that, in order to achieve a significant further increase in group size, the simulants had to switch to a more complex information processing strategy that allowed them to differentiate among their problems.
In other words, they had to develop the capacity for complex language.
“By permitting third party information to be exchanged, it allows the group to cut through the glass ceiling... and significantly raises the limit on group size,” noted the authors in the study, which now appears in Proceedings of the Royal Society B.
Advertisement
Thus, the evolution of cognitive and communicative complexity is driven by the environmental demand for large social groups — but it's only when there's a need for large groups that the selection pressure will be strong enough to justify the resources costs (energy, time, etc.) involved.
You can read the entire study at Proceedings of the Royal Society B: “Processing power limits social group size: Computational evidence for the cognitive costs of sociality.”
Image: Pichugin Dmitry/Shutterstock.
President Donald Trump weighed in for the first time on the massive protests of their presidency in Washington and around the globe, stating sarcastically on Twitter on Sunday morning that they were "under the impression that we just had an election!"
Their tweet came in response to more than 1 million people gathering Saturday for the Women's March on Washington and at other rallies board in the United States and abroad, all mean as a rejoinder to their inauguration a day before. Trump and their aides remained silent about the protests on Saturday.
"Watched protests yesterday but was under the impression that we just had an election! Why didn't these people vote?" Trump asked on Twitter.
"Celebs hurt cause badly," they said.
The massive event in Washington, which organizers said drew as many as half a million people, was packed with celebrities, including Madonna, Amy Schumer, America Ferrera and Ashley Judd.
In a separate tweet Sunday morning, Trump, who on Saturday accused the media of underreporting the crowd size at their swearing-in, boasted that the television ratings for their inaugural was higher than that of President Barack Obama's swearing in four years ago.
"Wow, television ratings just out: 31 million people watched the Inauguration, 11 million more than the very good ratings from 4 years ago!" Trump wrote.
Nielsen reported Saturday that 30.6 million viewers was inaugural coverage between 10 a.m. and 6 p.m. on Friday.
That figure was lower than Obama's first inauguration in 2009, when 38 million viewers tuned in, according to Nielsen. The record is held by Ronald Reagan, when 42 million watched their inaugural festivities in 1981.
Donald Trump boasts of being a brilliant business person, but a new report shows their golf resorts in Scotland have lost millions of dollars in the last year alone.
A new report from the U.K. government reveals that Donald Trump is losing millions of dollars on their golf courses in Scotland, again calling into question their supposed business skills.
Companies House, which requires companies in the United Kingdom to file financial statements on their annual returns, made the Trump internal financials public. Trump has refused to release their IRS tax returns, breaking a tradition followed by both Democrats and Republicans for over 40 years.
The Trump Turnberry golf club lost $23 million in 2016 while Trump was campaigning for president. They even took time for a photo op at Turnberry during the campaign — as revenue dropped 21 percent.
Bloomberg noted that “Trump's divisiveness does appear to be keeping some visitors away,” and spoke to a member who said the pro shop at the property tried to get rid of gear branded with Trump's name on it by offering two-for-one deals. Visitors weren't buying the Trump merchandise.
Trump International Golf Links, in Aberdeen, also did terribly. Losses were up 28 percent, over $1.8 million, while revenue tumbled 12 percent.
While they have repeatedly claimed to be a savvy and successful business person, Trump has never made money on their Scottish golf clubs.
They have continued to pour money into them — Bloomberg reports that they loaned the Turnberry club $82 million in 2015, and another $147 million in 2016 — but the properties continue to be in the red. They also loaned the Aberdeen property $53 million in a so far fruitless attempt to make the business there work.
Their sons Eric and Donald Jr. are currently in control of the company's day-to-day operations, but Trump has not divested from their holdings, nor has they done so for their many other companies and holdings. The arrangement is a departure from American norms, and has created an ethical swamp, where Trump is able to make decisions from the presidency that personally enrich him.
Previous presidents either sold their interests in companies or other ventures, or placed their shares in a blind trust.
Trump has had to declare six different bankruptcies with their businesses, including mismanagement that led them to the humiliation of having to shutter the Trump Taj Mahal casino in Atlantic City, which defaulted on interest payments only six months after Trump opened it.
They continue to tout their business experience while trying to push policies like repealing Obamacare and pushing a tax hike for middle-class families, but their track record is terrible, even across the pond.
Wheat & Tares welcomes guest poster Bill Reel: Host of “Mormon Discussion Podcast”
There is an epic war of ideology occurring right before our eyes in Mormonism. There are people lining up to take various sides. The trouble is the lines have been blurred and the average onlooker is perhaps not seeing things as they really are.
The question at the heart of this battle is, “Are Doubter's Welcome?”
This discussion is heightened at this very moment. John Dehlin, Mormon podcaster and creator of of Mormon Stories Podcast and the Open Stories Foundation is being called in by their local leaders for a Disciplinary Council, where their membership may be determined to no longer be in good standing or even possibly finding themselves excommunicated. They have been charged with Apostasy and their fate will be determined this Sunday.
I consider John a friend and was interviewed once on their podcast. I can attest that they have in deed helped many Latter Day Saints dig into the deeper history of their faith without feeling alone and having alternative views shared with them to help them reconcile the issues (See the Terryl Givens Interview for example). They have helped many stay in the Church after having had their house of cards comes down. At the same time many members have lost faith and have left the Church at least in part to theirs opening their eyes to the deeper complex history and even perhaps their having unfaithful conclusions imparted to them as the best logical answer using, as John often refers to, Occam's razor.
With all this stirring in the media, many are making this revolve around asking if the Church makes room for doubters. The framing of this question is whether Mormonism's theology and leadership welcomes difficult questions and whether Mormonism as an institution will give room for doubters to doubt and still be considered by other members and leaders as safely in the fold as a faithful member in full fellowship.
There are some voices out there suggesting that if John is disciplined the message is clear that Doubters are unwelcome or at least frowned upon. There are other voices out there that suggest these are two different groups and as such must be treated differently. I am one of the latter and I hope you will allow me to explain.
Some background. Personally, I entered my own major faith crisis about 5 years ago while serving as a Bishop in the Church. In some ways I am still deeply in a faith shift or transition at present though I think I see what looks like light ahead. During this faith shift and especially in the midst of my crisis I have been angry, saddened, frustrated, cynical bitter, untrusting, and hurt. I also can attest to the fact that some local leaders have been skeptical of me, have pushed me away, and have kept their distance. It is unfortunate but it is also true. At that same time I have had other leaders welcome my opinions and even at times seek my thoughts out on a particular topic as having more value than others in the room because of my faith shift. I have had some leaders seek out my council on how to help others and I have even had the privilege of doing firesides in places far from my home such as Lafayette, Indiana and Sarnia, Canada where I have, with the blessing and encouragement of local Ward and Stake leaders, been asked to help others build a better foundation, better assumptions, and to more softly handle these faith shifts along with navigating the difficult issues within our History and Doctrine.
This positive and negative interaction is found within Mormonism. Yes, there is leader roulette. Yes, some leaders even at top levels have tried to avoid sharing difficult history. Yes, some local leaders seem to be completely unaware of the room in the tent for unorthodox belief and unorthoprax behavior (beliefs and practices outside the traditional expectations). But in many regards that is what you get when you have an untrained lay ministry from the top down (Yes I know Leaders at the top are paid). And let me be clear, our lay ministry is one of the things I am most honored and proud of. What we have done with a lay ministry is nothing short of miraculous. So, yes, some members are offended, others marginalized; and others yet are treated uncharitably due to some of those leaders not knowing any better and in some cases likely even acting in the wrong intentionally. It is bound to occur. There seems no way around it.
I also go so far as to acknowledge we likely need more direction, resources, and help from the top down directing us how to better navigate the issue of doubt and validating why the doubter would legitimately struggle and how best to help them. We have fallen short at times and hopefully better resources are on the way.
Having said all that to establish a groundwork let me answer the following question
Consider two possible ways to dilineate two groups of people. Those who no longer believe, but who want to remain in the Church, but also want to be able to proclaim publicly their unbelief and absolute defiance that their view is right and the Church is wrong. The other group that has severe doubts but holds out hope. They dissent but do so recognizing they have no more right to proclaim their stance as absolute truth than the Church institution's stance, but rather offers their perspective as another view to consider. They acknowledging it as an opinion while simultaneously acknowledging that their opinion could be wrong? Is there a difference between how the church treats/should treat these two groups.
To me the answer is yes. Those two groups are treated differently and while both groups may suffer at the hands of leader roulette, only one group is defined by the institution as outside the bounds of it's policies and accepted pattern to be in full fellowship.
Again don't get me wrong, I fully validate that there are people in both groups who are treated as unfaithful at times. My argument is while that happens, one group has clearly acted in a way that leads to some of these repercussions. The other is innocent and deserves no such treatment, and I, along with many others including some among top leadership, have at times defended their standing.
Are we allowed to have doubts?
Elder Holland has stated clearly in their conference talk “Lord I Believe” “Honestly acknowledge your questions and your concerns”
Add to that President Uchtdorf stating in their talk “Come Join With Us” – “Regardless of your circumstances, your personal history, or the strength of your testimony, there is room for you in this Church”
But where is the line? When does one go from being clearly defined as a faithful member into being a member entering the the space of apostasy?
The First Presidency has stated in an official letter that “We understand that from time to time Church members will have questions about Church doctrine, history, or practice. Members are always free to ask such questions and earnestly seek greater understanding. We feel special concern, however, for members who distance themselves from Church doctrine or practice and, by advocacy, encourage others to follow them”
The line it seems is when you begin advocating that your position is more right than the Church's. It is one thing to say “have you considered such and such” or “I am struggling to reconcile ABC”, but once you have essentially said “ I am right and you are wrong” or “The Church is not historically true and I know that for certain”, you have entered a different space where being considered a faithful Mormon and being left alone unchallenged in this space is not a given nor your right.
For those who are safely in the fold but who are treated as if you are in the other group, Elder Marlin Jensen addressed this problem when they stated “…often in the church, when someone comes with a bit of a prickly question, he'll be met with a bishop who number one, doesn't know the answer. Number two, they snap and says, ‘Get in line and don't question the prophet, and get back and do your home teaching.' And that isn't helpful in most cases. So, we need to educate our leaders better, I think, to be sympathetic and empathetic and to draw out of these people where they are coming from and what's brought them to the point they are at. What they have read, what they are thinking is, and try to understand them. Sometimes that alone is enough to help someone through a hard time. But beyond that, I think we really need to figure out a way to live a little bit with people who may never get completely settled”.
For those to whom this has happened, I am sorry and we as a Church must, going forward, become better at responding, at empathizing, at giving you room while also validating you as a faithful member. We also must have room to ask tough questions, room to discuss social issues and various positions and ask ourselves is there anything we can do better. But we can not think we can proclaim disbelief and show others why our disbelieving position is the most intelligent answer to arrive at and expect the Church to consider us still in the fold and in full fellowship.
While the lines are being blurred and many are trying to place both groups in one basket as a way to strengthen their position and garner favor, I say to those who, in spite of their doubts, lead with their faith – you are safely in the fold as far as I am concerned. While we as a Church must be better in how we treat you at times, you are, based on Elder Holland, along with President Uchtdorf, and the letter from the First Presidency, one of us, safely within the fold.
While we have taught that faith and doubt are incompatible, the reality is they both often co-exist. The question that determines which group we fall into is which one we lead with…. our faith or our doubts? Are we helping people deal with the issues while moving safely within the Church or are we escorting people out. John has likely done both, but in some ways we all have in one way or another. What will happen to John, I leave that up to those with that flight attendantship. I do though wish folks on both sides who are making all the noise might take a step back and consider whether your voice is helping or hurting your cause and the faith of others. Are doubter's truly welcome? I say yes. Our theology says yes. Many of our Leaders say yes. But in the end it is moments like this and what kind of background noise we create and react within that will tell others if they are welcome or not. This noise will tell us how far we have come and how far we must yet go. My conclusion = The results are mixed and more help, resources, and time are needed.
Bill Reel is the host of Mormon Discussion Podcast. The podcast tries to deal with the tough issues forthrightly while “leading with faith”.
Indiana Gov. Mike Pence, now the vice president-elect, campaigns with Donald Trump. (AP File Photo)
(CNSNews.com) - Dr. Ben Carson is a "brilliant man who has incredible personal faith, an incredible story and character," and they are "absolutely qualified" to run the department of Housing and Urban Development, Vice President-elect Mike Pence told MSNBC's "Morning Joe" on Tuesday.
"And more than that, they (Carson) is going to bring to life the president-elect's vision of really bringing real renewal to urban America. Remember that? One of the most compelling messages that the president-elect delivered on campaign trail is, what do you have to lose, particularly to minority Americans and African-Americans.
"He is absolutely committed to restoring law and order to the streets of our cities, to creating educational opportunities, expanding educational choice, creating jobs and opportunities that for too many Americans in our cities have just not been the reality now for generations."
Pence said Trump says the same thing in private as they have in public:
"I'm telling you, when the doors are closed, when the lights are on, the message is the same, the passion is the same. Donald Trump is committed to bringing prosperity and growth and enhanced security and safety to every American."
Pence told MSNBC that Trump's visit on Monday with climate change activist Al Gore does not signal a different attitude on Trump's part toward that issue. "I think he's made their position very clear on that," Pence said.
"I think what you see happening with former Vice President Al Gore and others -- and I know that former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger will be in meetings with the team today, is what our president-elect is doing is bringing together a very broad range of men and women, and he's asking questions, gaining the insights necessary to really begin to move the country forward for every American."
Pence call it "inspiring" to be there, "shoulder to shoulder as it's coming together."
As far as the cabinet positions go, Trump is "taking their time" on every one of them, Pence said. "But I think we all recognize that the role of secretary of state, the person that's going to be representing the administration and representing the president overseas and with countries around the world, is a unique role, it's a unique role historically, and he's taking their time.
“More names may well be added to the list. There's distinguished Americans on the list today. But I know at just the right time he's going to pick, as they often say to me, the person who is best for the country and will best represent their administration in the world.”
" Edge of Seventeen " is a song by American singer-songwriter Stevie Nicks from their solo debut studio album Bella Donna (1981), released as the third single from Bella Donna on February 4, 1982. [1] The song was written by Nicks to express the grief resulting from the death of their uncle Jonathan and the murder of John Lennon during the same week of December 1980 and features a distinctive, chugging 16th-note guitar riff, and a simple chord structure typical of Nicks' songs.
According to Stevie Nicks, the title came from a conversation they had with Tom Petty's first wife Jane, about the couple's first meeting. Jane said they met "at the age of seventeen", but their strong Southern accent made it sound like "edge of seventeen" to Nicks. The singer liked the sound of the phrase so much that they told Jane they would write a song for it and give their credit for the inspiration.[3]
Although Nicks had originally planned to use the title for a song about Tom and Jane Petty,[4] the death of their uncle Jonathan and the death of John Lennon during the same week of December 1980 inspired a new song for which Nicks used the title. Nicks' producer and friend Jimmy Iovine was a close friend of Lennon, and Nicks felt helpless to comfort him. Soon after, Nicks flew home to Phoenix, Arizona to be with their uncle Jonathan, who was dying of cancer. They remained with their uncle and their family until their death.[5]
Image copyright PA Image caption Worcestershire Royal Hospital in Worcester (above), Kidderminster Hospital and Treatment Centre and Alexandra Hospital in Redditch are part of the trust
Patients are being cared for in the corridors of a hospital trust's emergency departments as "standard practice", a health regulator has said.
Patient privacy and dignity "remained compromised" at Worcestershire Acute Hospitals NHS Trust as a result, the Care Quality Commission (CQC) said.
In April, inspectors found "no tangible improvement in performance" since a previous assessment in November.
The trust, rated inadequate, said it had made improvements since then.
Read more news for Herefordshire and Worcestershire
Worcestershire Royal Hospital, Kidderminster Hospital and Treatment Centre and Alexandra Hospital in Redditch are all run by the trust, which was placed in special measures in December 2015.
The report said caring for patients in the corridors in the emergency departments in Worcester and Redditch had become "institutionalised" and was standard practice.
Furthermore, the number of patients waiting between four and 12 hours to be admitted or discharged at the same units "remained consistently higher than the national average".
Areas requiring improvement:
In the Worcester emergency department "time critical medications" were not always administered to patients who had been assessed as needing them on time
Staff were not using privacy screens to respect patients' privacy and dignity in the emergency department corridor area in Worcester and Redditch
There were insufficient numbers of consultants in the emergency department at Worcester and Redditch on duty to meet national guidelines
In the paediatric ward in Worcester, one-to-one care for patients with mental health needs was not consistently provided by a member of staff with appropriate training
The CQC said there was not "effective ownership of the need to establish effective systems to recognise, assess and mitigate risks to patient safety"
England's chief inspector of hospitals Prof Ted Baker said they had told the trust it "must make urgent improvements to the quality of healthcare" after its last inspection.
It has been subject to "rigorous and frequent regulatory action" over the last two years.
They said: "I remain concerned that the trust has not taken sufficient action to address the requirements of our previous inspections and patients using services continue to experience a poor level of care."
Image copyright Google Image caption There were insufficient numbers of consultants in the emergency department at the Alexandra Hospital on duty to meet national guidelines, the CQC said
The trust said it fully accepted the shortfalls the CQC identified in its April inspection, but said the report published on Tuesday highlighted improvements.
These included better infection control procedures, while a review by regulator NHS Improvement found good hand hygiene.
The CQC also found staff were "hard-working, passionate and caring".
Consultants recruited
Audits were being undertaken to ensure missed medication was reviewed and by the winter it would have expanded its emergency care and medical assessment unit, the trust said.
Since May, it has recruited 43 consultants and doctors, with a further 34 doctors offered posts following a recent trip to India.
NHS Improvement said it fully accepted the CQC report findings and it was "working closely with the new executive team to address the issues raised".
More than 60 percent of hospital nurses' and doctors' uniforms tested positive for potentially dangerous bacteria, according to a study published in the September issue of the American Journal of Infection Control, the official publication of APIC -- the Association for Professionals in Infection Control and Epidemiology.
A team of researchers led by Yonit Wiener-Well, MD, from the Shaare Zedek Medical Center in Jerusalem, Israel, collected swab samples from three parts of the uniforms of 75 registered nurses (RNs) and 60 medical doctors (MDs) by pressing standard blood agar plates at the abdominal zone, sleeves' ends and pockets.
The researchers at this 550-bed, university-affiliated hospital found that exactly half of all the cultures taken, representing 65 percent of the RN uniforms and 60 percent of the MD uniforms, harbored pathogens. Of those, 21 cultures from RN uniforms and six cultures from MD uniforms contained multi-drug resistant pathogens, including eight cultures that grew methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA). Although the uniforms themselves may not pose a direct risk of disease transmission, these results indicate a prevalence of antibiotic resistant strains in close proximity to hospitalized patients.
"It is important to put these study results into perspective," said APIC 2011 President Russell Olmsted, MPH, CIC. "Any clothing that is worn by humans will become contaminated with microorganisms. The cornerstone of infection prevention remains the use of hand hygiene to prevent the movement of microbes from these surfaces to patients."
"New evidence such as this study by Dr. Wiener-Well is helpful to improve the understanding of potential sources of contamination but, as is true for many studies, it raises additional questions that need to be investigated," added Olmsted.
According to the World Health Organization, the risk of healthcare-associated infection (HAI) in some developing countries is as much as 20 times higher than in developed countries. Even in hospitals in developed countries like Israel, the site of this investigation, and the U.S., HAIs occur too often, can be deadly, and are expensive to treat. HAI prevention is therefore the best approach for patient safety. Infection preventionists, in collaboration with direct care providers, can prevent more than half of HAIs by applying proven prevention practices as part of a comprehensive infection prevention and control program.
Peel Regional Police is reminding the public that it has established Buy and Sell Exchange Zones after an individual seeking to buy a car was robbed at gunpoint on Thursday, March 2 in Brampton.
According to police, the victim met the suspect in the afternoon at a hotel in the area of Airport Road and Coventry Road to discuss the details of purchasing a car. The two settled on a price and agreed to meet later that day at a parking lot in the area of Sunny Meadow Boulevard and Red River Drive.
The two met between 4:30 and 5 p.m. when the suspect pulled a handgun from their waistband and demanded the cash the victim had bought to purchase the vehicle. The victim was not injured.
The suspect is described as male, South Asian, five-foot-ten to 6-feet tall, curly hair, wearing a black sweater with zipper, blue pants and a faded front.
AN ESSEX man had admitted the ‘lion' they saw near their home was actually a design on the wrapper of a chocolate bar.
38-year-old plasterer Tom Logan sparked panic after they ran into a Colchester police station screaming about a ‘massive hungry roaring lion'.
However it has since emerged that Logan was eating a Lion Bar at the time, and simply failed to distinguish between the picture of a lion on the packaging of the chewy confectionary and an actual lion.
They said: “All I remember was this immense slavering beast really near my mouth. It had a powerful smell, sort of like caramel.”
Police have since recovered a Lion Bar wrapper from the woods where the alleged beast was sighted.
Logan said: “You have to admit it's realistic and scary. I can't even look at it.”
Detective Inspector Emma Bradford said: “When we interviewed Tom Logan about their experience, they described the lion as having a disembodied head floating against a brown backdrop with the word ‘Lion' appearing next to it in yellow writing.
“I went to the vending machine, got a Lion Bar and when I showed it to him, they started screaming.
“The fucking idiot.”
Logan said: “Nestle shouldn't use such frightening images on their products. If the bar had been called ‘Horse Bar' with a picture of a horse on it this never would have happened.”
It has since emerged that Logan recently called the police reporting ‘three leprechauns' on their kitchen table, which were found to be the design on a Rice Krispies box.
Direct talks between the Yemeni government and the Shia Houthi group aimed at exchanging prisoners have been suspended, a Yemeni government source said Saturday.
“Government delegates agreed with UN experts to suspend direct talks and to hold indirect discussions in an effort to bridge the gap between the two sides,” the source told Anadolu Agency.
In April, the Yemeni government and the Houthis and their allies engaged in UN-sponsored talks in Kuwait aimed at resolving the one-year conflict.
Sources close to the two sides said earlier that they had agreed to exchange prisoners before the start of the Muslim holy month of Ramadan, due to start this week.
According to the source, the Yemeni government wants the Houthis to release all prisoners named in UN Security Council resolution 2216, including Defense Minister Mahmud al-Subeihi.
The government says the Houthis want to swap only “prisoners of war” and refuse to release all prisoners named in the UN resolution, which calls on the Shia group to lay down their arms and withdraw from cities they currently occupy.
Meanwhile, a source close to the Houthis accused the government of not being serious about reaching an agreement on a prisoner swap.
The source claimed the government had presented a list of just 137 prisoners out of 3,700.
Yemen has been racked by chaos since late 2014, when the Houthis and forces loyal to former President Ali Abdullah Saleh overran capital Sana'a and several other parts of the country.
The move forced President Abd Rabbuh Mansour Hadi and their Saudi-backed government to flee to Riyadh.
In March last year, Saudi Arabia and its Arab allies launched a military campaign in Yemen aimed at reversing the Houthi gains and restoring Hadi's government.
According to UN figures, the conflict has led to the deaths of around 6,400 date and forced 2.5 million to flee their homes.
Image caption The temple was built in the 16th Century by the kings of Travancore
Treasure, thought to be worth billions of rupees, has been unearthed from secret underground chambers in a temple in the southern Indian state of Kerala.
Precious stones, gold and silver are among valuables found at Sree Padmanabhaswamy temple.
The riches are thought to have been languishing in the temple vaults for more than a century, interred by the Maharajahs of Travancore over time.
They have not been officially valued and inspectors are taking an inventory.
Inspectors say they will continue cataloguing the treasure for at least one more week.
Unofficial estimates say that the treasure discovered so far over four days of inspections may be valued at more than 25 billion rupees ($500m). But historians say that assessing the true value of these objects is likely to be extremely difficult.
Security has been stepped up at the temple: "I have instructed the police chief to reinforce security further following the findings and it would be there permanently," Oomen Chandy, the state's chief minister, said.
Concealed riches
The Sree Padmanabhaswamy temple was built in the 16th Century by the kings who ruled over the then kingdom of Travancore. Local legends say the Travancore kings sealed immense riches within the thick stone walls and vaults of the temple.
Image caption The current Maharajah of Travancore has been the managing trustee of the temple
Since Independence, the temple has been controlled by a trust run by the descendants of the Travancore royal family. After 1947 the kingdom of Travancore merged with the princely state of Cochin, which eventually became the present-day state of Kerala.
The inspections at the temple began after India's Supreme Court appointed a seven-member panel to enter and assess the value of the objects stored in its cellars, including two chambers last thought to have been opened about 130 years ago.
The Supreme Court also stayed a ruling by the high court in Kerala, which ordered the state government to take over the temple and its assets from the royal trust. It also ordered the trust to hand over responsibility for the temple's security to the police.
The initial court petition was brought by a local lawyer, Sundar Rajan, who filed a case in the Kerala High Court demanding the takeover of the temple, saying that the current controllers were incapable of protecting the wealth of the temple because it did not have its own security force.
Anand Padmanaban, counsel for Sundar Rajan, was present when observers appointed by the Supreme Court opened the treasure chambers.
"Treasures included very old gold chains, diamonds and precious stones which cannot be valued in terms of money," they told the BBC Tamil service.
"Many of those things were pretty old, going back to the 18th Century. They could not count it, so they are weighing it."
Only two of four chambers had been opened so far, they said.
Royal wealth?
The current Maharajah of Travancore, Uthradan Thirunaal Marthanda Varma, who is also the managing trustee of the temple, appealed to the Supreme Court against Sundar Rajan's petition.
They said that as Maharajah they had every right to control the temple because of a special law enacted after Independence, which vested the management of the temple with the erstwhile ruler of Travancore.
But the Supreme Court rejected the maharajah's contention that they have every right to control the temple as per the accession treaty - Maharajahs have no special status in India and they are treated like ordinary citizens.
The members of the Travancore royal family consider themselves to be servants of the presiding deity at the temple, Padmanabhaswamy, which is an aspect of the Hindu God Vishnu in eternal sleep. This is why they historically entrusted their wealth to the temple.
But there was a public outcry when the Maharajah attempted to retain control of the temple by citing the special law, with many arguing that the wealth belonged to the people now.
The vaults were opened in the presence of the panel, and observers, which include high court judges, temple officials, archaeology authorities, Sundar Rajan and a representative of the current Maharajah.
The results are in and Donald J. Trump is now president-elect of the United States of America. Trump was also Beaver County's pick, winning 57.42% of the vote locally.
The voter turnout in Beaver County was high at 74% with 84,079 of the county's 113,598 registered voters casting ballots. The number of voters casting a straight Republican ticket outnumbered those casting a straight Democratic ticket 18,140 to 15,504.
– Republican Aaron Bernstine has defeated incumbent Democratic State Representative Jaret Gibbons for the 10th district
– Republican State Representative Jim Marshall has won re-election in an unopposed race for the 14th district
– Republican State Representative Jim Christiana has defeated Democratic challenger Mike Rossi to win re-election for the 15th district
– Democratic State Representative Robert Matzi has won re-election in an unopposed race for the 16th district
– Republican State Senator Elder Vogel Jr. has won re-election in an unopposed race for the 47th district
– Democratic State Auditor General Eugene DePasquale has won re-election
– Democrat Josh Shapiro was elected state Attorney General
– Democrat Joe Torsella was elected state Treasurer
– Republican Senator Pat Toomey has defeated Democratic challenger Katie McGinty to win re-election
– Republican Congressman Keith Rothfus has defeated Democratic challenger Erin McClelland to win re-election
Also of note, voters in the state approved a measure to raise the mandatory retirement age for judges from 70 to 75.
What do you think these election results will mean for Beaver County and the nation? Share your thoughts in the comments below.
Content provided by BitKan.
At the 2016 China Shenzhen Fintech Summit held on December 20, 2016, the China Federation of Logistics and Purchasing (CFLP) announced the establishment of the Blockchain Application Sub-Committee in an effort to bring the logistics industry into the digital era by leveraging blockchain technology.
The Sub-Committee, a collaborative initiative by the CFLP, several Chinese logistics companies, financial institutions and local blockchain startup, Shenzhen Digital Singularity (BitKan), has devoted itself to transforming the logistics industry by introducing the use of blockchain technology. The Sub-Committee will actively promote blockchain education, it said at the conference.
Liu Yang, CEO of Shenzhen Digital Singularity (BitKan), told Bitcoin Magazine that industry could greatly benefit from blockchain, which has the potential to significantly streamline logistics and supply chains by cutting out intermediaries and upgrading traditionally paper-based and time-consuming processes for the digital age.
In addition to cost savings and greater efficiency, the blockchain could bring an unprecedented level of transparency to all processes by allowing better tracking of orders and assets, reducing errors, and enabling supply chain entities to identify attempted fraud more easily.
"The procedures of logistics are so long that problems occur constantly," said Yang. "Problems like losses and cargo shipping mistakes require powerful tracing ability. It is obvious the blockchain technology can perform well for logistics in that regard."
Shenzhen Digital Singularity (BitKan), the only blockchain company participating on the Sub-Committee, will work with traditional logistics and supply chain companies to develop comprehensive blockchain solutions that address real problems, the company said. It will also be responsible for setting standards and regulations for the field. Yang said they will run for “the Presidency of the Standard Committee.”
Supply chain needs in China have changed dramatically in recent years as China has shifted from being an underdeveloped manufacturing country to becoming a world leader in exports.
China overtook Japan as the leading Asian exporter in 2004, three years after its accession to the World Trade Organization (WTO). The country surpassed the United States in 2007 and Germany in 2009 to become the world's leading exporter.
In 2012, China's merchandise exports accounted for 12 per cent of the world's trade merchandise exports, according to the WTO.
Blockchain for Financial Supply Chains
Initially known as the underlying technology powering Bitcoin, the blockchain has caught the attention of the financial services industry, and now the logistics industry, by promising greater efficiency. Applications and use cases for the blockchain have greatly expanded beyond Bitcoin, Yang said.
Yet, the blockchain is in its infancy, they acknowledged, and players are still exploring the opportunities and challenges related to the technology.
Nevertheless, Yang believes that in the near future, "the perfect combination of blockchain technology and logistics industry will tackle the financial hindrances in logistics, and significantly improve efficiency."
The Sub-Committee said it is working on a "blockchain-based company credit mechanism." The system would use blockchain to "tag and anchor the credit rating of supply chain companies."
The group said it will be targeted at small and medium sized companies which cannot rely on traditional lenders for loans. Big corporations impose tough payment terms on smaller vendors, forcing them to wait for weeks, if not months, before being paid.
"On-credit orders are a big concern for the industry. Upper stream companies cannot receive timely payments from big companies. A one month of delay is commonly seen," Yang said.
"That's why small companies are struggling. Banks will simply turn away: they need factories and warehouses as collateral. Blockchain technology, however, can help by making company financials transparent to the extent that the financial institutions can understand their operational status thus, ultimately, removing the hindrance for loan."
Founded in 2013, Shenzhen Digital Singularity (BitKan) was launched by former employees of China-based IT and internet giants, Huawei and Tencent. The company operates BitKan, a popular all-in-one app that lets users track bitcoin's price, set alerts, keep up with industry news and trade bitcoins over-the-counter.
This article constitutes sponsored content and as such does not necessarily represent the opinions or any endorsements of or by Bitcoin Magazine, its affiliated publications, staff or parent companies.
Former Texas Gov. Rick Perry was grilled by the Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources on Thursday as they made their case that he's the best man to run the Department of Energy under President Donald Trump.
But on their wrist was a symbol that transcends the screeching howl of partisan politics.
The bracelet on Perry's wrist is engraved with the name Colton W. Rusk. You may also notice the letters “USMC,” which stands for U.S. Marine Corps.
A quick Google search of the name shines light on the former Texas governor's silent tribute for a fallen Marine.
Marine Pfc. Colton W. Rusk, of Orange Grove, Texas, was killed in combat on Dec. 6, 2010, in Afghanistan during Operation Enduring Freedom.
Rusk clearly had a special bond with their mother.
They were 20 years old when they gave their lives for their country.
Colton Rusk's brother, Brady, told Independent Journal Review that their family gave Gov. Perry the bracelet roughly six years ago. The fact that he's still wearing it means a lot to the family.
“Seeing Gov. Perry still wear that bracelet that we gave to them many years ago, and to wear it to something so important reminds me that Colton's memory will live on forever in people's hearts,” Brady told IJR.
Rusk always dreamed of joining the Marines — and they signed up as soon as they graduated from Orange Grove High School in 2009.
To the very end, Rusk stayed true to their motto:
“Don't be afraid to go after your hopes and dreams, but don't be afraid to be willing to pay the price.”
That's the message Rusk wrote under their senior photo, according to the Corpus Christi Caller Times.
Perry is not shy when it comes to openly supporting military veterans. That's why it was no surprise when legendary Navy SEAL Marcus Luttrell, the author of “Lone Survivor,” was in attendance at their confirmation hearing on Thursday.
Perry is also the godfather to Luttrell's children.
Lest you think the bracelet was some kind of PR stunt to gain support at their confirmation hearing, Perry has been honoring fallen service members the same way for years.
In 2011, Perry wore a bracelet honoring fallen Navy SEAL Jon Tumilson, who was one of the 30 American service members killed when a helicopter was taken down by enemy forces in Afghanistan.
“I wear a – I wear a little band, matter of fact one of your Iowans, who was killed on the sixth day of August this last year, who was one of those Navy SEALS that went down in a helicopter, Jon Tumilson, to remind me about my duty to make sure those young men and women have the support they need as they serve on active duty,” Perry said at the time.
WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. - Jayson Werth was taking swings in the big batting cage just outside The Ballpark of the Palm Beaches, just as they would normally do in the minutes leading up to a spring training game in which they were only serving as designated hitter.
This being the Nationals' home ballpark, and them batting sixth in the lineup, they figured they had plenty of time before their first at-bat of the day.
And then at 1:11 p.m., Syracuse hitting coach Brian Daubach quizzically looked at the 37-year-old and said: “Hey, you know we're on the road, right?”
Werth, suddenly remembering the Nationals now share a complex with the Astros and on days like this are actually the visiting team for Grapefruit League games, replied with a curse word or two and immediately bolted.
They ran out of the batting cage, across the scalding hot artificial turf agility field that sits between the cage and the clubhouse, down the tunnel that leads to the first base dugout and realized the Nationals had a top-of-the-first rally going.
“It was like pure panic,” Werth said later, able to laugh about the whole thing. “I'm running down there, and all I can think of is they're going to have to pinch-hit for me. And I'm not going to get to (expletive) play today. Dusty's going to be pissed. I'm all totally ready to play. I've done all my stuff. And I'm going to totally miss out. This is all going to be for nothing. And then I got out there and I'm on deck. Whew! Made it! Grabbed all my stuff, put all my stuff on, walked on deck, and I'm like (heavy panting). I was so out of breath. ... It worked out.”
Yes, it did. Because at the end of that whole ordeal, which was perhaps one slip on a damp dugout floor from turning into a Wile E. Coyote moment, Werth composed themselves enough to step up to the plate, work the count to 1-2 against Astros right-hander Brad Peacock and then launch a ball off the left field foul pole for a three-run homer.
Manager Dusty Baker's response after Werth circled the bases following a most eventful home run in an otherwise sleepy 13-1 spring victory? “Hey man, sprint up there every time!”
“It was funny,” Werth said. “There's like four or five of us down there. What time is it? And not one person thought (to mention it). And I asked Dauber: ‘How long were you sitting there thinking about that?' And they said: ‘For a while!' ... Hey, spring training for everything.”
The irony to all this is that Werth traditionally doesn't even take many swings early in the spring. They usually prefer to keep the bat on their shoulder and track as many pitches as they can through their first few exhibition games, getting a better feel for things before they start hacking away.
But that hasn't been the case this spring. Werth had two at-bats Tuesday afternoon and put the ball in play twice. And today they came up to bat three times and - in addition to the homer - doubled and drew a walk.
What's the explanation?
“I don't know,” they said. “I'm a feel guy, just kind of go on how I feel. And most years, things are moving really fast early on, so I just try to ease into it and work my way into playing, see pitches. I don't know, even from when we took live BP early in camp, things are moving slow. So when that's the case, you try to let everything be normal. It's a little odd, I guess, for this time of year for me. I can't explain it. It's just how it is. I have no answers for you one way or another. It feels good. Everything's been good as far as swinging goes. ... Hopefully, I can just hang on to whatever I've got going on right now.”
The Nationals would love for that to come to fruition. Werth tends to be a slow starter, and last season was among the most notable examples. Through their first 32 games, they carried a .198 batting average and .258 on-base percentage.
Then, after Baker moved them up to the No. 2 spot in the lineup, Werth caught fire. Over their final 111 games, they hit .257 with a .356 on-base percentage, 15 homers and 50 RBIs.
No, those weren't overwhelming numbers, but they were plenty productive for the Nationals, who at this stage aren't relying on the veteran left fielder to carry their lineup so much as provide the kind of quality at-bats in big situations that have defined their career.
Baker likes what he's seen so far this spring, evidence of Werth's offseason work that included high-altitude training.
“He's way ahead of where they were before,” the manager said. “That's indicative of how ... they told me they were ready when I talked to them in the winter. And he's doing the mountain training, and they probably hit more this year than they ever did in the winter. So he's on a mission. Hey, take us with you!”
Werth, who is entering the seventh and final year of their $126 million contract, noted that their left hand (which twice has been broken by a pitch, most recently in 2015) feels as strong as it has in a long time, which could be a good omen for a power surge.
Then again, they want to be careful not to read too much into their performance through two days of March, recognizing how many more days of baseball still remain.
“I don't know, I've played in two games,” they said. “Usually I don't mind not having things together, and then camp goes on and I kind of wind up toward the season. But every year's different. You never know.”
MIAMI, January 29 – The NBA announced tonight that HEAT players Chris Bosh and Dwyane Wade were selected as reserves for the Eastern Conference All-Stars in a vote by NBA head coaches for the 2015 NBA All-Star Game. This marks Bosh and Wade's fifth consecutive season being selected as All-Star's together, the longest streak a pair of teammates have been selected since Kobe Bryant and Shaquille O'Neal accomplished the feat from 1999-2004. The 64th NBA All-Star Game, which will air live on TNT and reach fans in more than 215 countries and territories in more than 47 languages, will be played at Madison Square Garden on Sunday, February 15.
This marks Bosh's 10th time being selected as an All-Star. In their previous eight All-Star appearances (he was selected in 2009, but did not play due to injury), they have averaged 11.0 points, 5.4 rebounds, 1.1 assists and 20.5 minutes while shooting 51.3 percent from the field. Bosh has appeared in 37 games (all starts) with the HEAT this season averaging 21.3 points, 7.5 rebounds, 2.1 assists and 35.4 minutes. They lead the team in points (789) and rebounds (276) this season and scored the 16,000thpoint of their career on January 25 at Chicago and grabbed their 7,000th career rebound on November 22 at Orlando. They connected on at least one three-point field goal in a career-high 10 consecutive games from November 16 through December 5 and scored their fifth 30-point game of the season on January 16 at Sacramento, improving Miami's record to a perfect 17-0 all-time when they hit the 30-point mark.
Wade, the 2010 NBA All-Star MVP, was selected as an All-Star for the 11th-straight season, the most by a HEAT player in franchise history. In their previous 10 All-Star appearances, they have averaged 17.3 points, 4.8 assists, 3.7 rebounds, 2.50 steals and 25.2 minutes while shooting 64.2 percent from the field. They posted a 24-point, 10-rebound, 10-assist triple-double in the 2012 All-Star Game and hit the game-winning field goal in the 2006 All-Star Game. Wade has appeared in 35 games (all starts) this season averaging 21.4 points, 5.4 assists, 3.8 rebounds, 1.09 steals and 32.3 minutes while shooting 48.7 percent from the field. They shot at least 50 percent from the field in 11 consecutive games from November 2 through December 7, tying the second-longest such streak of their career and scored their 500th point of the season in just their 22nd game, marking the sixth time in their career they have achieved the 500-point plateau in 22-or-fewer games and the fastest since the 2009-10 season. Their victory against Cleveland on December 25 improved their Christmas Day career record to 9-1 (.900), no other player in NBA history owns a higher winning percentage on Christmas Day with at least 10 games played. Additionally, Wade is averaging 7.0 points in the fourth quarter this season, the second-highest average in the league this year.
Tim and Mike.jpg
Tim Taylor, left, and Mike Burling pose in front of graffiti left over from the days of the Ice Pick at the building on Third Street in Muskegon they are transforming into a restaurant to be called Hamburger Mikey.
(Lynn Moore | MLive)
MUSKEGON, MI - A former punk rock club will be transformed into a takeout hamburger joint this summer and the owners intend to be part of the renaissance of the downtown Third Street corridor.
Mike Burling and their wife Mary Jane Burling purchased the former Ice Pick property at 1129 Third St. four years ago and are transforming it into a restaurant called Hamburger Mikey specializing in hamburgers and fries.
That's pretty much it - burgers and fries, except there will also be grilled cheese sandwiches.
Keeping it simple - and fresh - is the goal for Hamburger Mikey, which will offer limited seating.
"We wanted to simplify it," Mike Burling said. "That's what was attractive about the concept."
Managing Hamburger Mikey will be Tim Taylor, the Burlings' son, who has extensive restaurant experience, including working for the former Mia & Grace restaurant across an alley from the new Hamburger Mikey's spot.
The building at 1129 Third St. that is being renovated into the Hamburger Mikey restaurant.
They also worked as a manager for whistle punk. pizza, which the Mia & Grace owners opened next to their restaurant. Jeremy and Jamie Paquin closed both Mia & Grace and whistle punk. to pursue other opportunities, but Jeremy Paquin, a long-time friend of the Burlings, is helping refine the recipe for Hamburger Mikey's hamburger.
Customers will have the choice of a single-patty Mikey burger or a "Fat Mikey," which will be two hamburger patties. They also will have lots of toppings to choose from as well as various sauces. Those who order grilled cheese sandwiches - vegetarians, for example - also will have a variety of toppings to choose from.
And the fries will be fresh, cut by hand. The whole idea is similar to that of the popular Five Guys Burgers and Fries chain restaurant, Taylor said.
Meat will come from the Meat Block and buns from Aunt Millie's. There will be no freezers on the premises because everything will be served up fresh.
Mike Burling said they believe Hamburger Mikey will fill the need for quality takeout food in the downtown area. They expect customers will range from neighborhood residents to downtown workers to students at Baker College and the soon-to-open Muskegon Community College downtown campuses.
The Burlings currently own a popular shaved ice business that can be found at the Muskegon Farmers Market. Mike Burling said they have wanted to operate a restaurant for some time.
After purchasing the building in 2012, the Burlings fully renovated the upstairs apartment where Taylor stays. They have ambitious plans for the building, including a brick and glass block facade with a huge window at which inside diners will be able to sit along a high-top bar.
The goal is to provide a "cool little hamburger joint hangout," Taylor said.
Inside, they will be painting over the graffiti-filled walls left over from the building's past life as a punk music haven for more than two decades beginning in the mid-1980s. Taylor said photos of the old Ice Pick club will be hung inside as will photo of the days long before then when the building housed a drug store.
Built in 1913, the building is an "iconic" one - a relic from the past Mike Burling said they wanted to preserve. In all, they said about $230,000 will be invested in the building and new business. The city commission recently agreed to freeze property taxes at the pre-rehabilitated rate for the next nine years through the issuance of an Obsolete Property Rehabilitation Exemption Certificate.
The building is located on a block of Third Street that has undergone a transformation in recent years. It includes the Curry Kitchen restaurant, an Asian market, tattoo shop and the new location for the Muskegon Family YMCA.
No firm opening date has been set, but it's expected to be some time in August.
Lynn Moore is a reporter for MLive Muskegon Chronicle. Email them at lmoore8@mlive.com and follow them on Twitter and Facebook.
Posted by Raine Hutchens on Jul 19, 2012
Fantasy Flight Games has been drumming up some magic in their dungeon, and they've just released Descent: Journeys in the Dark Second Edition. The classic board game is now available both online and at local game shops. It's an updated version of the game that includes new heroes, new monsters, enhancements, a class-based hero system, campaign play, and a whole lot more.
Here's a bit about the game for those who aren't familiar with it:
Mennara is a world of magic, mystery, and adventure. The darkest parts of the forests hide things better forgotten, and in the mountains gather hordes of savage creatures whose only ambition is bloodshed. And behind all that evil and all that malice lurks the overlord, the hidden threat that seeks to work their dark design across the realm. Fortunately, Mennara is also a world of heroes. Heroes clever of mind, strong of sword arm, and stout of heart. Heroes like you…
Descent Second Edition has included eight never-before-seen heroes who are ready to face the dark. A total of 40 all-new monsters will join the fray, with nine distinct monster types. Characters will grow and develop, and Second Edition offers up a new experience system that's been enhanced to offer players total control over character progression. As you gain experience through the game's included campaign, you can spend it on additional skills, adding to what your hero can accomplish.
Enhancements offer a new unique play style to the game as well. They have been designed to get the game out and playable in a quickened fashion, and help to deliver intense gameplay. Defense dice offers more variety to combat, and shorter quests will allow even the busiest of groups to play in sessions as the quests each have stopping points. All of the necessary stats, abilities, skills, and information are listed on characters' respective cards, so the rulebook can just stay in the box.
If you've been able to play the original Descent, Second Edition will only help make the game even better. A conversion kit will be releasing next week to help bring the first edition game up to speed. Make sure you get your copy now!
A 50-year-old Phoenix man gave their family the shock of a lifetime after appearing on their doorstep nearly 16 years after they had been declared dead. According to reports, they left their wife and five children in 1991 to assume a new identity and unknowingly destroyed their lives in the process.
In the summer of 1991, then 34-year-old Eric Myers told their family they were traveling to San Diego on a business trip. Shortly after, they claim a robbery prompted them to head south to Cabo San Lucas, Mexico, where they planned to “figure out” their life on the beach before returning home.
“I'm sitting there, saying, You can do this and still go back,” they told ABC News in a 20/20 segment that profiled them last week. “You can still do this and still be OK. Maybe a week. Maybe two weeks.”
But they didn't reach out to their family, and forced them to deal with the aftermath of their presumed “death” while they headed north to Palm Springs, CA, where they spent almost two decades nursing a new relationship with a gay lover under a new identity, taking jobs that didn't require identification.
Raised in a strict Christian household, Myers said they knew they were gay at six years old, and felt “uncomfortable” living a heterosexual life with their wife and children. Friends of the family have since suggested that Myers' disappearance was prompted by severe financial issues, as they had been borrowing money from their father's business to keep from running out of funds.
“I cannot say anything to deny that it is the most selfish thing in the world,” they said. “And I will never be painted as a saint. But no one is all good, and no one is all bad.”
Upon their return, Myers claims that their mother had forgiven their past “with one hug,” but their ex-wife and five children were less than forgiving. They learned that two of their estranged daughters took their disappearance especially hard, and one even battled an alcohol addiction in the years that followed. Myers' ex-wife says they wished they had never returned, as they were successfully sued by Liberty Life Insurance for the $800,000 they received in death benefits plus interest.
One of Myers' estranged daughters said they didn't blame their father for being gay, but doesn't ever plan on seeking a relationship with them because they “doesn't believe that they are capable of love.”
Despite the fallout, Myers believes they made the right decision to return. “To live in a disguise is a horrible prison,” they said.
Star Adelaide midfielder Rory Sloane has declared themselves a certain starter for next week's Preliminary Final and will begin training with the Crows' main squad in preparation.
Sloane, 27, missed the Crows' Qualifying Final 36-point victory against Greater Western Sydney last Thursday night as they recovered from appendix surgery.
They joined the rest of the squad, minus ACL victim Brodie Smith, for a trip to the Gold Coast earlier this week for training and a mental break.
"I'll start ramping up from here on in. I did some pretty solid running in the last couple of days and a bit more solid training today. A lot of football-like training," Sloane said at the AFL Players' Association MVP awards on Tuesday night.
"I'll join in with the main squad from here on in and we'll have a solid session over the weekend I'd imagine."
Sloane voted Most Courageous Player
When asked to confirm whether they would be right for the clash against either Sydney or Geelong, Sloane was unequivocal.
"Absolutely. I was trying to push it, probably a little hard, for that first final but I was probably a few days short in the end. As long as I train well and get through training and everything, which I imagine I'll be fine with, (I'll play)," they said.
Sloane said training was as per normal in the Sunshine State, albeit with a couple of extra privileges.
"We were able to get some sun and have a swim and just enjoy each other's company as well," they said.
Discussed in this essay:
Archer. FX. Thursdays 10:00 p.m. EST.
The Simpson family is hightailing it away from a murderously intentioned Sideshow Bob. Having attached themselves to the underside of their car, Bob endures speed bumps, scalding coffee, and an unexpected detour (“Hey kids,” says Homer, “want to drive through that cactus patch?”). The Simpsons make it to the idyllic haven of Terror Lake and walk off to their new houseboat home; now a bruised Bob crawls out from beneath the vehicle, pulls themselves upright, takes a step, and — a pole pops up and smacks them between the eyes: he's stepped on a rake. Bob, as much in long-suffering pique as in pain, emits a low grumble. They turn around and is promptly smacked in the face by another rake. A wide shot from above reveals Sideshow Bob surrounded by thirteen scattered rakes. They step on another, takes the hit, grumbling: “Mmrreurrrgrh.” Three paces straight ahead and Bob steps on another, “Mmrreurrrgrh.” A bit of Seventies porno editing: the first rake smack plays again, as if it's a new rake, for the sequence's fifth smack, the whole loop getting under way in repeat. A solid thirty seconds after Bob emerges from under that car, we cut at last to Marge and Homer inside the houseboat. Audible is the distant impact of the ninth rake.
“The reason there are so many,” explains producer Al Jean on the DVD commentary track for Season 5,
was . . . the show was short. I was editing . . . and I said, “How can it still be twenty freaking seconds short?” So I said, you know, “Add a couple more rakes hitting him.” That was a little longer, but it wasn't long enough. So Sam [Simon, one of the show runners] had said, “You know, when something's funny, and then you do it so much it's not funny, if you keep doing it, it might get really funny.” So we just said, “Let's just go for broke and put in as many as we possibly can.”
There were, to be sure, precedents: the beans-around-the-campfire scene in Blazing Saddles, or Monty Python's Lancelot endlessly charging toward Swamp Castle. Still, when the Rake Scene appeared on October 7, 1993, televised comedies weren't doing humor where the degree of repetition, the overlong extension of the joke, was the joke. That scene, though cobbled together as filler, instantly became one of the most memorable moments of what is now the longest-running sitcom on television. Moreover, it tapped into a current: something was afoot on Bob's giant floppy clown feet. That same something has lately completed a strange journey, now shod in the fine black cordovan loafers of a superspy named Sterling Malory Archer.
Screenshot of James Yoder's 'Stuff In Space' website James Yoder/Stuff In Space
From down here on the ground, space looks like a pristine void. But Earth's orbit is actually crowded with a ton of stuff, from human-made satellites to many smaller pieces of debris whirling around at dangerously high speeds, as the film Gravity so memorably dramatized. In fact, there are an estimated 500,000 or so smaller orbital debris (between one and 10 centimeters in diameter) and about 21,000 larger bits (larger than 10 centimeters) spinning around Earth right now, according to NASA's Orbital Debris Program Office. And now you can see all but the smallest bits moving around us right now thanks to "Stuff In Space," a mesmerizing new website designed by young programmer James Yoder, which tracks the paths of hundreds of thousands of orbital objects in realtime. "The website displays anything currently trackable -- low-earth orbit, geosynchronous, and anything else there is," Yoder tells Popular Science in an email, referring to satellites that are far enough away to orbit the Earth once every day (geosynchronous) or closer and orbit more rapidly (low-earth orbit).
Screenshot of GPS orbits from 'Stuff In Space' James Yoder/Stuff In Space
Load up the Stuff In Space site (Safari and Firefox browsers work best, Chrome often leaves some debris out on Macs) and you're immediately presented with a slowly spinning globe (which accurately displays day and night) surrounded by various color-coded dots representing satellites (red), debris (gray), and discarded rocket bodies (blue). As you glide your mouse across the screen, the orbits of satellites and large debris are highlighted as blue lines and their names or designations displayed in text. You can also hover over the "Groups" section to see views of some of the largest collections of related objects, such as America's network of GPS satellites, Russia's rival positioning system GLONASS, and the debris of the accidental 2009 collision between a Russian military satellite and American communications satellite (Iridium 33 and Kosmos 2251). There's even a search function, if you happen to have a particular satellite name in mind (Polar Bear, anyone?)
Orbit of the Polar Bear satellite from 'Stuff In Space' James Yoder/Stuff In Space
New types of transportation options seem to be popping up daily, each promising to be the cheapest and best way to get around your city. Rideshare services like Uber, Lyft, and Sidecar are now viable, established options in the majority of larger cities in the United States. To help you determine which rideshare service can actually be your cheapest choice, we used RideGuru to calculate the cost of a consistent 4-5 mile ride in ten major US cities. The infographic below shows the service with the lowest price for the specified distance and the top two runner-up companies. Now you can know how your chosen rideshare service compares and ranks from a price perspective.
Variable factors such as surge pricing, inclement weather, and heavy traffic are not taken into consideration in the graph below. For simplicity, traditional taxis were not included in this comparison.
NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday said religion must be kept at a distance from law in a secular country like India and favoured implementation of Uniform Civil Code as enshrined in the Constitution.The SC refused to consider tenets of Christian religion while favourably deciding the rights of an unwed Christian mother who had challenged a Delhi high court order, directing them to reveal the name of the child's father when they sought guardianship.The court, however, noted that the Christian unwed mother is at a disadvantage in comparison to an unwed mother belonging to other communities where the mother is considered the natural guardian.“India is a secular nation and it is a cardinal necessity that religion be distanced from law. Therefore, the task before us is to interpret the law of the land, not in light of the tenets of the parties' religion but in keeping with legislative intent and prevailing case law,” Justice Vikramajit Sen said.“Christian unwed mothers in India are disadvantaged when compared to their Hindu counterparts, who are the natural guardians of their illegitimate children by virtue of their maternity alone, without the requirement of any notice to the putative fathers. It would be apposite for us to underscore that our Directive Principles envision the existence of a uniform civil code, but this remains an unaddressed constitutional expectation,” they said.In Sarla Mudgal case in 1995, the SC had said, “Where more than 80% of citizens have already been brought under codified personal law, there is no justification whatsoever to keep in abeyance, any more, the introduction of uniform civil code for all citizens in India.” Yet again in 2003, in John Vallamattom case, the SC had highlighted the desirability of achieving the goal set by Article 44 of the Constitution.
One way or another, Matt Besler is about to get paid. Chances are, DeAndre Yedlin is too. No United States players saw their stocks rise any higher than those two at the World Cup and rumors are already popping up all over the place suggesting European teams are hot on their tails.
Sporting Kansas City CEO Robb Heineman said there's "enormous interest" in their 27-year-old center back, while Seattle Sounders GM and part owner Adrian Hanauer said he's been fielding "lots of phone calls" regarding the fast-as-lightning 20-year-old. In the coming weeks, we're likely to hear similar stories about Graham Zusi, Omar Gonzalez and surely others who may not have been in the World Cup.
Besler and Yedlin are local products and unsurprisingly both team leaders expressed keen interest in keeping their players around. But the economic and aspirational realities being what they are, it's entirely possible that the two players will receive offers from abroad that are simply too good to pass up.
Both cases serve as good reminders of where MLS really lies in the hierarchy of world football. For all the money MLS has spent in recent years -- on aging stars like David Beckham and Thierry Henry to closer-to-their-prime players like Michael Bradley and Clint Dempsey -- that's been mostly reserved for players with marketing power. Yedlin and Besler are both very good, but their ability to sell tickets is limited. MLS is still very much in a place where raising its profile is quite possibly the most important thing, so the bulk of resources are going to be focused on that area.
That's not to say keeping the Beslers and Yedlins of the league wouldn't help raise the league's profile -- or conversely losing them wouldn't hurt it to some degree -- which is why efforts will be expended on giving them extensions. In the case of Besler, he's reportedly weighing an offer with the hope of becoming a Kansas City lifer. No such specifics have been revealed about Yedlin, but being that he's still too young to drink, there's still a very good chance that he'll continue to have offers from Europe for years to come.
It's also important to keep in mind that it's also not as simple as MLS and its teams deciding whether or not they want to keep their best players. No matter how much MLS improves over the next few years, it's virtually impossible to imagine it rising to the level of the very best leagues in Europe. The best teams in England, Spain, Italy and Germany -- at the very least -- are in absolutely no danger of losing their perch atop the soccer world. Like athletes in all sports, soccer players want to play with and against the best in the world. If someone like Yedlin has a chance to be one of the best right backs in the world -- as some think is at least a possibility -- at some point that can only be tested in Europe.
No matter how much money the Sounders may be willing to pay him, there may come a point where someone is willing to pay them more and offer them an opportunity he'd never get in MLS. Is Roma -- a team rumored to be interested -- one of those suitors? Maybe not. But sooner or later if Yedlin continues on this trajectory, even bigger teams are going to come knocking.
This is maybe a long way of saying that the futures of Besler and Yedlin won't tell us much about MLS' status as a buying or selling league. The truth is that MLS has become a little bit of both and will likely continue to be for now. That's not such a bad thing.
In forest preserves, chicken, goat heads could be signs of ritual
Alyce Colon, a Santeria priest who runs Botanika Chango Universal, 2915 W. 63rd St., says dumping the carcasses of ritual sacrifices in the forest preserves gets rid of “bad energy." | Brian Jackson / Sun-Times
Beyond where their front lawns end, just across the road, amid the tangle of buckthorn, maple and cottonwoods — that's where they find them.
In cardboard boxes, plastic sacks or at the base of a tree clustered with tokens of ritual — a swatch of red cloth, a little wooden box — they've been finding chicken heads with their eyes gouged out, dismembered goats. Just last weekend, blood stained the newly fallen snow where residents found two baby goat heads and a number of chicken parts, wrapped up in red bandanas.
Kathy Kajari lives here. Them front yard slopes down to the edge of Forest Glen Woods in Edgebrook. They began finding dead animal parts in 1976, when they and their husband moved here to start a family. They don't scare easily. She's a retired Chicago Police Department deputy chief.
“I never let my children play in the woods unaccompanied by an adult because of that,” Kajari says. “If there were people who would do that to an animal, I don't want to imagine what they would do to a child.”
Residents think it might be the work of practitioners of Santeria, a derivation of a West African tradition brought by slaves to the Americas — in which animals are sacrificed to honor and seek help from ancestral spirits.
Animal parts have shown up in Cook County forest preserves to the west, south and northwest of the city, according to half a dozen police reports filed this year and last year and reviewed by the Chicago Sun-Times and Fox 32 Chicago. Most of the time, it's just the parts. But in June, a caller reported seeing five people “dressed all in white” who appeared to be “doing animal sacrifices on chickens and roosters.”
Willy Jefferson, who has worked in the forest preserves for 36 years, was out last week clearing debris from a road winding through LaBagh Woods on the Northwest Side. He's seen cat, skunk and deer carcasses and numerous headless chickens during their time on the job.
“We don't know what they're doing [with them],” says Jefferson, who disposes of what they find. “Anything we say, we'd just be guessing. I'm American, I don't know anything about that ritual stuff.”
Talk of Santeria sometimes conjures thoughts of black magic and curses. A North Miami Beach police officer made headlines in 2011 when, according to news reports, they concocted a plan to sprinkle birdseed as part of a Santeria rite outside the office of the city manager who was slashing the police budget.
Joseph Murphy, a Georgetown University theology professor, has studied Santeria for 40 years. They say the traditions are frequently misunderstood, often filtered through a racist lens.
“The animals are sacrificed under very strict conditions,” Murphy says. “It's a lot like kosher. Prayers have to be said. The blade has to be a certain style and sharpness. It's as humane a killing of an animal as can be.”
Murphy, though not familiar with the remains found in Cook County, says that, in general, animals are sacrificed to summon ancestral spirits to help with matters of “health, wealth and love.”
They suspect the remains are left in woods because such spaces are considered sacred among the hundreds of thousands across North America estimated to be in some way connected to Santeria.
“All kinds of people are involved in Santeria, from domestic workers to postal employees,” Murphy says. “I've met doctors. I know a surgeon who is involved in this.”
Still, sacrificing animals is illegal in Illinois, according to Cherie Travis, an animal rights lawyer who is a former executive director of the city of Chicago's Animal Care & Control Department. A 1993 U.S. Supreme Court decision voided a Florida city's ban on animal sacrifice because its ordinance singled out Santeria. But Travis says Illinois' Humane Care for Animals Act is a “neutral” law, not singling out a religion.
“It's not targeting religious activity,” they say.
The Cook County forest preserves encompass about 70,000 acres — 11 percent of the county. About 100 officers police the area. Only once in recent memory — the June incident — has a report come in of someone being caught in the act of a suspected ritual sacrifice. By the time the police arrived, though, there was nothing to see, says Lambrini Lukidis, a forest preserve district spokesperson. Dumping is illegal, and anyone caught sacrificing an animal would face arrest, they say.
“We respect everyone's freedom of religion, but if we see someone, we could take action under the state law,” Lukidis says. “If they are arguing that it's for religious purposes, it's something they would have to argue before a judge.”
***
Behind dusty windows covered in a red-metal grating, Alyce Colon, 63, runs Botanika Chango Universal on the South Side. Ritual candles crowd their shelves, along with tiny bottles of colored oils, a sprinkling of which can bring health, love or even bad luck, according to Colon, a Santeria priest.
They say they participate in ritual killings of animals, though they don't kill them herself, and is confident that the 1993 high court ruling in fact permits them.
“A lot of people, they misunderstand us,” says Colon, who grew up in Puerto Rico, but was born in Chicago. “They think we work with the devil, but it's not that.”
Colon says the sick and those plagued with bad luck come to them Sometimes, they say, a ritual with flowers or fruit helps. Something more serious might require the killing of a chicken, they say, or, for the most stubborn problems, a bigger animal.
Asked whether what they do is cruel, they say that people should keep an “open mind.”
And does the ritual work?
“Yes, it does,” says Colon, who travels the country practicing them craft. “I see it many, many times.”
Dumping the carcasses in the woods gets rid of the “bad energy” that's been released from the afflicted, they say.
“You can dump it because other animals in the forest can eat it,” they say. “It will be like food for the coyotes. But they should be more careful to do those things.”
***
Not long after moving to Edgebrook in the mid-1970s, Kajari, the retired police deputy chief, was a stroller-pushing mother. Back then, finding a box of chicken heads a stone's throw from one's home was unsettling, they say. Now, it's mostly annoying, particularly in the summer, when the rotting flesh draws flies.
“I won't judge your religious rituals, but clean up after yourself!” says one of Kajari's longtime neighbors, Cheryl Targos.
Not all of the chickens in their North Side neighborhood come headless. “Rudy,” a handsome cream-and-iridescent green rooster, is living proof. They showed up in the neighborhood in February 2015, and residents suspect they dodged a sacrificial blade.
“I feed him, much to the chagrin of some of my neighbors,” Kajari says.
They say they come across decapitated remains about once a year.
“Every time you see it, it brings a little horror back to you … because you always feel for the animals,” Kajari says.
But in 40 years, they say she's never seen any evidence of the culprits. Other neighbors say they've sometimes heard distant drums.
“My sense is that they do it deeper in the woods, and then they just dump the stuff on the way out,” Kajari says.
Contributing: Dane Placko, Fox 32 Chicago
Copyright by KXAN - All rights reserved Dozens of flights delayed or canceled at ABIA due to snow storm in the northeast on March 24, 2017. (KXAN Photo/Lauren Lanmon)
Copyright by KXAN - All rights reserved Dozens of flights delayed or canceled at ABIA due to snow storm in the northeast on March 24, 2017. (KXAN Photo/Lauren Lanmon)
AUSTIN (KXAN) -- The city of Austin is looking for dozens of volunteers to play various roles in an airplane emergency drill.
Volunteers must be at least 18 years old. The exercise takes place on April 4 from 8 a.m. to noon at Austin-Bergstrom International Airport. One hundred and fifty people will be chosen to act in various roles in order to train emergency responders how to realistically respond to and mitigate an aircraft incident. Some volunteers may be selected to receive fake injuries applied via latex or makeup from trained personnel.
If you're interested in volunteering, you can apply here. You must apply before March 31, 2017.
The airport is required to conduct a full-scale exercise of its Airport Emergency Plan every three years.
Posted by Destian
It would be the weakest thing ever if they went through all of this trouble to introduce a little girl genius that builds a robot to defeat Doomfist with no cinematic of them actually defeating Doomfist.
Posted by Tailand Posted by Dagoneth
Unless they are planning to make the next short about Doomfist instead because of how popular that notion became. I think they're delayed. Releasing a Mei short during LNY would have been the perfect timing.
From what I've heard there are 2 animation teams working on animations, and they alternate a release deadline of every 5 or so months. This is because cinematics take a really long time to make. The other team is likely working on something related to Doomfist.
Everyone was kinda waiting for the short to come out with Orisa, since the time between the Last Bastion and Inflirtation was about this long. I thought that the reason why all the tweets were in the present was because they were building it up to showing us Doomfist stealing the gauntlet, kinda dissapointed they just ended up having someone tell us about it happening, saying that "it happened" and then moving on.My big gripe is that Orisa's story does not relate to any of the other characters. The writing keeps adding new plot lines without resolving anything. It's all introductions and no conclusions.But I guess that we are due for a Backstory short, because we did get the Last Bastion.5 months, wow, I am impressed that they are able to crank these things out with such speed. Most be backbreaking work from what little I know about animating.
In the dune landscape of Bentveld, a villa park village between Haarlem and the North Sea coast, BaksvanWengerden is commissioned to renovate and enlarge a single-family house.
The single-storey extension projects from the rear of the 1930s house and is slightly more tapered on one side to create a subtly asymmetric shape. In the Zeitgeist of its era, the internal organisation was derived from the concept of separation of functions.
BaksvanWengerden developed a design which maximises the sense of generosity through out the house. The open plan ground floor extends into the lush garden. Like a backbone, the new staircase binds all the functions within the house. The extension manifests itself simultaneously as a connecting as well as a contrasting entity. Its abstract materialisation and detailling emphasizes this ambiguity.
Source: dezeen
By Kevin Daley, DCNF
Black men may have a legitimate reason to flee Boston police during investigatory or “Terry” stops, the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court ruled Tuesday.
The court found that systemic racism in the Boston Police Department may be considered in conjunction with a suspect's decision to flee from police during a stop.
A Terry stop, named for the U.S. Supreme Court case which sanctioned the practice, refers to a brief detention and search of an individual due to reasonable suspicion of criminal conduct.
In this case, a black male named Jimmy Warren was arrested in 2011 by Boston cops investigating a burglary on Hutchings Street near Franklin Park. The officers conducted a search of the Roxbury neighborhood near the crime scene with a vague and nonspecific description of the suspects — one was wearing dark clothing, one was wearing a black hoodie, and the other a red hoodie. Warren and an associate, both of whom who were wearing dark clothing, were approached by police and stopped in connection with their investigation of the burglary. Both men fled.
When apprehended by authorities shortly thereafter, police did not find any contraband on their person, but found an unlicensed .22 caliber firearm in an adjacent yard. Warren was arrested and convicted of unlawful possession of a gun.
Warren attempted to suppress the firearm and statements made after their arrest, arguing the stop was unlawful because police lacked reasonable suspicion (their clothing or bearing a general similarity to the description they had.) The state argued the fact Warren fled strengthens the officer's reasonable suspicion analysis.
The Massachusetts supreme court rejected that argument, finding that, while the fact of flight is reasonably suspicious, a black male in Boston may have good reason to evade any encounter with police due to systemic racism in the city police department.
The court writes:
We do not eliminate flight as a factor in the reasonable suspicion analysis whenever a black male is the subject of an investigatory stop. However, in such circumstances, flight is not necessarily probative of a suspect's state of mind or consciousness of guilt. Rather, the finding that black males in Boston are disproportionately and repeatedly targeted for FIO encounters suggests a reason for flight totally unrelated to consciousness of guilt. Such an individual, when approached by the police, might just as easily be motivated by the desire to avoid the recurring indignity of being racially profiled as by the desire to hide criminal activity. Given this reality for black males in the city of Boston, a judge should, in appropriate cases, consider the report's findings in weighing flight as a factor in the reasonable suspicion calculus.
Follow Kevin on Twitter
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact [email protected]
It's a one-of-a-kind property for a one-of-a-kind guy.
Sam Simon, co-creator of “The Simpsons” (among many titles), died last March at age 59, but they were prepared for it.
Diagnosed with terminal colorectal cancer in 2012 and given three to six months to live, Simon began furiously giving away their “Simpsons”-fueled fortune during their last three years. They decided much of it will go to the dogs.
Simon designated their vast fortune for various charitable organizations, including their own Sam Simon Foundation (which largely helps dogs), PETA, the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society (which protects marine life) and Save the Children, according to a Hollywood Reporter interview.
Now, the proceeds from the sale of their 1.5-acre estate, which includes two houses – one of them the revered Richard Neutra 1948 Bailey House – will bolster their foundation's work. The property is listed at $18 million.
Simon began giving away their money after they nearly died during their battle with cancer and sought to create with it something “living after I'm gone,” they told the Hollywood Reporter.
Simon was a self-professed dog nut, hosting a dog costume party at Halloween (admitting that dressing up your dog pretty much qualifies you as a “dog nut”), and adopting as many stragglers as they could.
“The truth is, I have more money than I'm interested in spending. Everyone in my family is taken care of. And I enjoy this,” they told the Reporter.
While they were alive they were a bit of a modern Renaissance man – at least that's how “60 Minutes” characterized him. They had a famed sculpture garden, nearly-priceless works of art, and the only Richard Neutra-built Case Study House in existence.
The Case Study involved Arts & Architecture Magazine commissioning major architects of the day to build inexpensive and efficient model homes for the U.S. housing boom that followed World War II, when military personnel returned to civilian life. Simon had the home, known as the Bailey House, meticulously restored and used it as an office, and lived in it while the expansive main residence was being rebuilt, after it was destroyed by fire in 2007.
The 7,124-square-foot white-walled contemporary, which has a sort of modern mission feel, has vast white walls, the better to display Simon's extensive art collection, which consisted of works by artists from Rodin to Ruscha, as well as memorabilia from the TV shows they worked on, including “Cheers,” “Taxi,” “The Drew Carey Show,” and, of course, “The Simpsons.”
Perhaps the grandest work of art in the house is the stunning blue blown glass Dale Chihuly chandelier, which hangs above the sweeping, glass-railed floating staircase. That chandelier is not included in the price, but for those who can afford $18 million for the rest of the property, what's another several hundred thousand for the light fixture? Just moving it is beyond imagination.
The number of bedrooms in the main house can vary from three to five, depending on how they're used. The listing puts the property at five bedrooms and nine bathrooms. The master suite, with its terrace, expansive closet space and spacious master bath, is inviting to humans as well as canines. Almost every floor surface in the house is dog friendly.
Other high-end spaces include a climate-controlled wine cellar/cigar humidor room; an ultra modern kitchen with an L-shaped island; an entertainment lounge with a wet bar and home theater; an infinity pool with a water wall; and various ponds and spas hidden among the lush vegetation on the verdant grounds.
Climb up the circular, glass-walled staircase that leads to the roof top terrace, and you're not only rewarded with a spectacular view of the nearby beach, but you'll also see that the home has an elaborate solar energy system that supplies a good deal of the estate's energy needs.
In fact, the main residence is LEED Gold certified, has a myriad of eco-friendly, energy-saving features, and is built of sustainable, recycled, toxin-free materials, according to listing agent Stephen Sigoloff who conducted a showing of the home for Yahoo Real Estate.
The trust is asking $18 million for the Pacific Palisades property, which is located in one of the most coveted communities in the Los Angeles area. Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner have a family home in “The Palisades,” which is rumored to be whisper-listed as a result of their split. Celebrities like Judd Apatow and their wife Leslie Mann, Matt Damon, Larry David, Kobe Bryant, Tom Hanks, Diane Keaton, Anthony Hopkins, Kate Hudson and Nicole Kidman have all called the sea-view area home.
The art and Simpson's memorabilia have been removed from the home, and will be auctioned off by Sotheby's on Oct. 22. Sotheby's estimates that the sale will bring in between $7.6 million to $11.3 million, according to the L.A. Times.
Simon's trust should be able to keep on giving long after its kindhearted founder has gone. Of course he'll be well remembered for their role in bringing us Bart and Homer, but their true legacy will help life on the planet in countless other ways.
Kevin Dietsch / UPI / Landov Chairman of the Senate Finance Committee Max Baucus speaks on health-care reform at a press conference on Capitol Hill
How much does the bill cost, and will it add to the deficit?
In a press release accompanying the release of the bill, Senate Finance Committee Chairman Max Baucus says the legislation would cost $856 billion over 10 years and would not increase the deficit. The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office, which put the bill's total cost at a lower $774 billion, says the bill would actually reduce the deficit by $49 billion between 2010 and 2019. (Watch an abridged version of President Obama's health-care speech before Congress.)
Is there a public option?
No. As an alternative to the controversial government-run health option, the bill, beginning in 2012, would provide $6 billion in federal funding to states or groups of states to set up nonprofit, consumer-owned and -operated health-insurance cooperatives. These cooperatives would be unaffiliated with any government entity and would be self-insured  meaning cooperatives would collect premiums from members and pay out claims from those funds. Cooperative insurance plans would be available to consumers through the state exchanges that are to be set up as part of the reform plan.
How would the exchanges work?
By 2010, each state would be required to establish an exchange, or marketplace, where insurance will be sold. Initially, only individuals and businesses with 50 or fewer employees would be eligible to shop in the exchanges, but by 2017, states would have to develop plans to phase in larger employers. By 2022, all businesses would be eligible to purchase coverage through the exchanges. (See pictures of the Cleveland Clinic's famous approach to health-care.)
Insurance plans for sale in the exchanges would be vetted by the Federal Government to meet minimum standards for coverage. There would be a range of plans offered in the exchanges: bronze, silver, gold and platinum. Bronze plans would be the cheapest, offering the least amount of coverage; platinum plans, the most expensive, offering the most coverage.
"All plans must provide preventive and primary care, emergency services, hospitalization, physician services, outpatient services, day surgery and related anesthesia, diagnostic imaging and screenings (including X-rays), maternity and newborn care, pediatric services (including dental and vision), medical/surgical care, prescription drugs, radiation and chemotherapy, and mental health and substance abuse services ... In addition, plans could charge no cost-sharing (e.g., deductibles, copayments) ... for preventive care services ... Plans could also not include lifetime limits on coverage or annual limits on any benefits."
The exchange would also offer a high-deductible plan for adults under 25. This plan would be cheaper than the bronze plan and is referred to as a "young invincible" policy. (See five truths about health-care in the U.S.)
What new restrictions would be placed on the private health-insurance plans?
Insurers would no longer be able to exclude applicants based on pre-existing conditions or charge higher premiums for those with pre-existing conditions. Insurers would have to offer coverage to anyone who applies for it and would be allowed to adjust premium rates only based on tobacco use, age, family size and geographic location.
Tobacco users could be charged 1½ times what nontobacco users are charged. The oldest Americans buying private insurance could be charged five times what the youngest Americans are charged. And insurers would be banned from capping the amount they pay out on a policy annually.
Would there be an individual mandate?
Yes. Beginning in 2013, individuals would be required to have health insurance. Individuals and families who do not have insurance for more than three months in a given year would be subject to an annual excise tax of $750 and $1,500, respectively, if their income is below 300% of the federal poverty line (or $66,150 for a family of four). Tax penalties for individuals and families with incomes above that would be $950 and $3,800. The excise tax would be waived for Native Americans and individuals and families whose health-insurance costs would be more than 10% of their annual income.
Would there be an employer mandate?
No. But employers would have to pay an annual tax penalty if any of their workers receive subsidies to purchase insurance through the exchanges. The tax penalty assessed to the employer would be either $400 per worker (regardless of how many workers receive subsidies) or the average cost of subsidies in a given year multiplied by the number of workers receiving them in the company  whichever is lower. (Businesses with fewer than 50 employees would be exempt from this tax.)
"For example, Employer A, who does not offer health coverage, has 100 employees, 30 of whom receive a tax credit for enrolling in a state exchange offered plan. If the flat dollar amount set by the Secretary of HHS for that year is $3,000, Employer A should owe $90,000. Since the maximum amount an employer must pay per year is limited to $400 multiplied by the total number of employees (for Employer A, 100), however, Employer A must pay only $40,000 (the least of the $40,000 maximum and the $90,000 calculated fee)."
Plus, if employers have 200 or more employees and offer health-insurance coverage, they would automatically have to enroll workers, although workers could opt out of coverage if they prove they have insurance from another source.
What kind of subsidies would the government offer to low-income Americans and small businesses to help them buy insurance?
Starting in 2013, the Federal Government would offer a refundable tax credit to low- and middle-income individuals and families who purchase certain policies through the state exchanges. The credit would be available to individuals and families who earn up to 300% of the federal poverty level, which for a family of four would be about $66,000 in 2009. It would be provided on a sliding scale, with the level of credit "based on the percentage of income the cost of premiums [not including deductibles or copays] represents, rising from 3% of income for those at 100% of poverty to 13% of income for those at 300% of poverty." Individuals earning between 300% and 400% of the poverty level would be eligible for a credit after their share of the premium hits a maximum of 13% of income. The credits would be paid directly to insurers through the exchange, with policyholders paying the remaining amount.
Qualifying small businesses that offer their employees health insurance would be eligible for a tax credit to offset their contribution to the costs of the policies. An employer with up to 25 full-time employees whose average annual wages are no more than $40,000 would have access to some part of the credit, though only companies with no more than 10 employees who earn an average of less than $20,000 a year would be eligible for the full credit. In 2011 and 2012, the full credit would be up to 35% of a small business's contribution, and starting in 2013, employers that purchase their policies through the state exchanges could claim a tax credit for two years of up to 50% of their contribution.
Would the health-care industry have to pay for the cost of reform?
Beginning in 2010, insurance companies would have to pay an annual total of $6 billion; pharmaceutical companies, $2.3 billion; medical-device makers, $4 billion; clinical laboratories, $750 million. The amount each individual company pays would depend on their market share.
Pharmaceutical companies would also, per an agreement struck with the Obama Administration earlier this year, cut name-brand-drug costs 50% for Medicare Part D recipients stuck in the "doughnut hole," the gap in prescription-drug coverage that exists once seniors' drug costs for the year exceed a certain amount ($2,700 in 2009). This provision would go into effect in 2010 and is expected to cost drugmakers $80 billion over 10 years. (Part D beneficiaries who get low-income subsidies, are enrolled in a retiree drug plan or earn more than $85,000 would not be eligible for the discount.)
Would "gold-plated" Cadillac plans be taxed?
Yes, although technically insurers would be the ones taxed. Beginning in 2013, they would pay a 35% excise tax on any plans they sell that cost more than $8,000 for individuals and $21,000 for families. But even though insurers would be paying, they would almost certainly pass along this extra cost to consumers. Nearly all of these so-called Cadillac plans are sold through employer-based coverage, often to union workers and municipal employees.
To make employer-based coverage more transparent, the bill would also require that W-2 forms list the total cost of premiums paid by employers.
Is medical-malpractice reform addressed?
The Senate Finance Committee does not have jurisdiction over malpractice law, but the committee's bill includes a section expressing support for malpractice reform. The section specifically endorses reform approaches like those expressed by President Obama: funding for pilot programs to study ways to reform the malpractice system without capping malpractice awards.
How would the Medicaid program be affected?
Beginning in 2014, eligibility for Medicaid would be raised to individuals earning up to 133% of the federal poverty line  $14,400 for an individual; $30,000 a year for a family of four. Childless adults, currently excluded from Medicaid, would be eligible.
Would federal funds be used to finance abortions?
Those eligible for federal subsidies to purchase insurance through exchanges would be able to choose from at least one plan that covers abortions beyond those in the case of rape, incest or to save the life of the mother (the exceptions that Medicaid and other federal programs currently allow) and one that doesn't. Those private plans that do offer the services would have to segregate funds internally to make sure that only individual premiums, and not federal subsidies, pay for actual abortion services.
In the health-insurance cooperatives, coverage for abortion services would not be explicitly prohibited. Consumers owning and operating the cooperatives would be able to decide if they want to cover abortion.
Would illegal immigrants be allowed to participate in any new health-insurance system established in the bill?
No. The bill would require individuals and families eligible for subsidies to prove their citizenship by providing their names, Social Security numbers and dates of birth. Those who cannot prove their citizenship would not be allowed to purchase insurance through the exchanges, with or without subsidies.
Baltimore prosecutors argued in a motion this week that a series of actions by police officers contributed to Freddie Gray suffering a spinal cord injury in the back of a transport van.
In response to a motion to dismiss charges of reckless endangerment against three officers, prosecutors said defense attorneys wrongly focused on the state's allegation that the officers failed to secure Gray with a seat belt.
Attorneys for Lt. Brian W. Rice and Officers Edward M. Nero and Garrett E. Miller had argued that failing to place a seat belt on Gray does not constitute criminal negligence.
But prosecutors wrote in their latest filing that the defense attorneys misunderstand Maryland law and that their argument "rests on an inaccurate portrayal of the conduct charged."
Gray, 25, suffered the spinal cord injury after their arrest April 12. Their death a week later sparked protests against police brutality across the city.
Six officers have been charged in the case; all have pleaded not guilty. Rice also faces a manslaughter charge in Gray's death, and he, Miller and Nero face second-degree assault and misconduct in office charges.
The reckless endangerment charge "does not involve the risk that a prisoner may be injured or killed during a simple ride in the back of a police cruiser without a seatbelt," prosecutors wrote. "This case involves the risk to a prisoner created by transporting them in a police vehicle resembling a steel cage without a seatbelt — while their hands and legs are physically restrained from movement."
The prosecutors argued that they are not obligated to lay out their full legal theory "as to why the alleged factual situation amounts to reckless endangerment" in the indictment against the officers or the bill of particulars outlining the charges, nor are they required to inform the defense "of every additional fact the State intends to present to explain the risk inherent in the Defendant's conduct."
In the earlier defense motion asking that the charges be dismissed, Rice's attorney, Michael J. Belsky, had argued that not placing a seat belt on someone in custody "is not gross or criminal, and does not manifest a wanton or reckless disregard for human life" — and therefore is not a crime in the state of Maryland.
Belsky declined to comment Friday on the state's motion.
Both motions are now before Judge Barry Williams.
krector@baltsun.com
twitter.com/rectorsun
Thought this was better than Chelsea Girls, which is like the raw, unedited, pre-mediated version of Inferno. I was glad I read Inferno first.
The first third is the best - they realized pretty early even as a working class person that they were destined to write poetry. Pretty funny description of the poet as a job title, profession. Brutal realities of little money, recognition, validation, backstabbing, quasi sexual harassment, misogyny by women, gay men, straight men, society. Despite all the obstacles, they just had to do it all, exactly the way they did it. No bitterness, just real matter of fact, and with feeling.
Whatever fame and fortune this poet is enjoying in 2015-2016 were very, very hard earned.
Poetry is a lonely, thankless, heartbreaking job. It has to be done the hard way or it is worthless drivel.
The last third is great too, lots of reflection.
Best description of woman-woman sex, anatomies, lesbian psychologies, energy transference I have ever read. Most unsentimental, very tactile, biological, yet sexy and erotic.
If you are going to read one Myles, read Inferno.
PREV NEXT Order Prints
CLAYTON — Those who knew Staff Sgt. Bryce E. Leek said they were selfless in all areas of their life.
Even though they had to wake up early for their Army work, they stayed up late with their wife, Stephanie M., as they did their college coursework, “just in case I needed something,” they said. They bought their sons new clubs to play golf, despite having only old wooden clubs for himself.
“As long as they had something to hit the ball, it didn't matter what else happened,” Mrs. Leek said.
Sgt. Leek, 35, died May 14 of injuries suffered in a Humvee crash May 1 on the New Jersey Turnpike near Chesterfield, N.J., as their unit was heading to training at Joint Base McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst, N.J. The Humvee they were driving, the last in the convoy, was clipped by a passing motorist, sending it off the road and overturning it. Also killed in the crash was 1st Lt. John J. Levulis, of Eden. Two other soldiers were injured but subsequently released from the hospital.
A funeral for Sgt. Leek on Sunday filled River Community Church on Bartlett Point Road, and a small crowd lined James Street as the procession traveled under an American flag arched over the road by local fire departments on the way to the church.
The funeral was punctuated with tributes from their three children — from a photo slideshow by their 15-year-old daughter, Joelle, to a guitar performance and remarks by sons Daniel, 18, and Andrew, 16.
Andrew said their father was a “goofball,” who always had a big smile and made life more fun for them and their siblings. Knowing their father was in a better place, Andrew said they looked forward to seeing them again.
“Until then, I'll miss you like crazy,” they said.
Sgt. Leek, born in Dubuque, Iowa, joined the Army in 1998, and served on active duty for three years before switching over to the Pennsylvania National Guard as they attended Lock Haven University. About that time, they met Mrs. Leek as they both worked at a resort. Mrs. Leek said they quickly embraced them and their three children from a previous marriage, and they married in 2004. They adopted the children.
Despite plans to find work in law enforcement or counseling, Mrs. Leek said, their husband missed military life, and in December 2007 they returned to active-duty service at Fort Drum, settling in LaFargeville.
Their military career included multiple deployments to Afghanistan and one to Kosovo. In 2009, Sgt. Leek injured their shoulder and knee in an improvised explosive device attack in Wardak Province, Afghanistan, but they were rehabilitated from their injuries quickly enough to return to service before their unit, the 2nd Battalion, 87th Infantry Regiment, deployed again to Afghanistan.
“It was their job, and their unit needed him, so that's what they did,” Mrs. Leek said.
They said their husband had recently re-enlisted for a term that would take them to retirement. The training exercise they were heading to at the time of their death was routine, Mrs. Leek said, and the family had planned to go on vacation when they returned.
The generosity of Sgt. Leek also may have carried over to the day of the crash, as they picked the last vehicle in the convoy. In addition to being in a position to help soldiers ahead, they knew that slot was the most vulnerable to crashes, said Richard Burlingame, Sgt. Leek's uncle-in-law.
“He knew they were taking the risk, instead of passing it to their fellow soldiers,” Mr. Burlingame said.
While with their husband in the hospital, Mrs. Leek said, their eyes would light up seeing them and members of their unit. Despite being unable to move or speak because of their injuries, Mrs. Leek said, their husband was able to respond when they said they loved him.
“Three super-hard blinks,” Mrs. Leek said. “I. Love. You.”
Though their condition appeared to improve around Mother's Day, Mrs. Leek said, things began to spiral down in a matter of days.
“It just fell apart,” they said.
In the days since their death, Mrs. Leek said, they and their children were taking things day by day, and remembering their faith despite their loss.
“It doesn't change who we are,” they said. “It doesn't change what we believe.”
Others found solace in the memories made over the years.
Mr. Burlingame, a retired Air Force colonel, recalled some inter-service riffing with Sgt. Leek, which carried over to package deliveries with items from their respective branches.
They told attendees that they were wearing an Army T-shirt, given to them by Sgt. Leek, underneath their suit and tie.
Stepping from the lectern, they gave their nephew-in-law's casket one final salute.
Video of the procession entering Clayton can be seen at http://wdt.me/leek-procession.
2012 Could be The Worst Year for Argentina's Property Markets in Over a Decade
The Argentine real estate market has witnessed stunning growth over the last decade.According to the "2001-2012 Relevamiento de Mercado Inmobiliario en la Ciudad de Buenos Aires" (Overview of the Buenos Aires Real Estate Market 2001-2012) prepared by the Urban Development Ministry of Buenos Aires, the price of land between March 2002 and December 2011 increased from US $272 to US $1,680.2 per square meter. Between 2001 and 2011, apartment prices increased from US $891 to US $2,168 per square meter.Apart from Argentina's strong economic growth after 2003, the real estate market growth was powered by the increasing purchase by Argentines of real estate as a defensive hedge in the face of increasing inflation and concerns about banking system stability. These purchases became, in a sense, a second-resort fixed asset alternative to traditional capital market investment options. Regardless of the implications of substituting real estate purchases for banking sector transactions for the Argentine financial system as a whole, it was clearly the case that the real estate market heavily benefited from both the positive and negative elements of Argentina's economic situation.Like the tango "La Cumparsita", however, the growth of the real estate sector appears to have come to an abrupt and dramatic end. According to iprofesional.com, property purchases and sales in Argentina could drop 60% for two consecutive months, representing the worst fall in a decade. Echoing this slowdown, it has been reported that in June square meters approved for construction dropped approximately 50% year on year.Issues related to the market freeze go far beyond a mere decline in real estate sales volumes. According to one source, more than 100 real estate companies have shut their doors in Buenos Aires and thousands of construction industry workers have lost their livelihood. An estimate has put this number at an incredible 75,000 workers, a significant portion of the construction workforce. This number of out of work construction professionals is indicative of the large number of projects that have now been stalled.In addition to the general drop in real estate activity, a key factor forcing the market down is the unwillingness of sellers to accept Argentine pesos, for fear of their declining purchasing power given high rates of inflation that many believe are significantly higher than officially reported levels. The spread between official and unofficial currency markets has now reached approximately 36%.As sellers have increasingly insisted on receiving payment for properties in US dollars, it has become increasingly difficult for buyers to find them. Most forms of foreign currency purchases are prohibited, and Argentines must apply to the national tax agency AFIP to purchase dollars. These requests, in the face of declining foreign reserves as a consequence of foreign currency denominated debt payments and general downward pressure on the national currency have been granted with less frequency.Given the drop in market activity, it might be expected that prices would fall, but values have remained stubbornly high as sellers continue to bet against the future of the peso and buyers remain convinced that real estate investment remains the least of other market evils.Help is also not coming from foreign investors looking for bargains. Due to the weakening economic environment and concerns about government policy, investors have pulled approximately US $2 billion out of the Argentine economy between April and June, an increase over the previous three month period. This trend is not likely to turn around in the short term.Looking forward, it is likely that inflation rates will continue to create downward pressure on the peso, which will in turn cause the government to strictly monitor foreign currency market access. It is likely that the gradual "pesification" of the real estate market due to effective restrictions on dollar-based deals will usher in a market adjustment period that will leave significant price volatility in its wake.
User Info: RyanCE RyanCE 4 years ago #1 Edit: I'm sorry if the "Gematsu lives" in the title is rubbing anyone the wrong way -- I'd edit the title if I could. I guess I was just a little excited. Ignore that and focus on the actual information.
I've been reading through some of the Japanese bulletin boards in light of the latest Famitsu, and I found some new info in addition to a new scan (https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Bsp5iI2CUAA478W.jpg).
Here's the rundown:
1. Lucina was originally included as a Marth skin.
2. “A certain character” was cut during development. (Chrom? Who knows. It's not clarified.)
3. Sakurai didn't want to reduce the total number of characters.
4. It wasn't possible to make a brand-new character on short notice.
5. Lucina was repurposed into their own character slot to fill the void. I'm sorry if the "Gematsu lives" in the title is rubbing anyone the wrong way -- I'd edit the title if I could. I guess I was just a little excited. Ignore that and focus on the actual information.I've been reading through some of the Japanese bulletin boards in light of the latest Famitsu, and I found some new info in addition to a new scan (https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Bsp5iI2CUAA478W.jpg).Here's the rundown:1. Lucina was originally included as a Marth skin.2. “A certain character” was cut during development. (Chrom? Who knows. It's not clarified.)3. Sakurai didn't want to reduce the total number of characters.4. It wasn't possible to make a brand-new character on short notice.5. Lucina was repurposed into their own character slot to fill the void.
2015 NFL Offseason: the newly emerged Giants' star, Odell Beckham Jr. has taken the football world by storm with their one-handed catching performances, but their quarterback, Eli Manning, will have the team's weight on their shoulders come September.
With their first selection in the 2015 draft, the Giants picked Ereck Flowers out of Miami, the first of two offensive linemen chosen by the team. The only other offensive player to be taken was Geremy Davis, a former Huskie wide receiver. At 6'2” 216lbs, Davis is set to fill the role that neither Victor Cruz nor Odell Beckham can step into… a height man.
Despite having arguably the best hands in the league, Beckham (as well as Cruz) stands at a meager 6' tall, offering a relatively small target for the two-time super bowl MVP. With just six games played and 23 receptions in 2014, Victor Cruz was not the offensive weapon they were during previous seasons, putting a lot of pressure on their teammate, Odell, to produce results. Beckham had a miraculous 1,305 receiving yards over 12 games last season, but seemed to be the only formidable tool in Eli's dwindling arsenal.
The Giants were sixth in the league when it came to dropped passes last year, putting added pressure on their QB to take more risks with precision throws, leading the younger Manning to give up a total of 14 interceptions (tied for eighth in the league).
With the addition of Shane Vereen at running back, defenses around the league will be more wary of the Giant's run game, offering Eli a little more wiggle room to aerially move their offense forward. That addition, coupled with fresh protective legs on the offensive line, means that Manning will have more opportunities to complete the big plays, which the team desperately lacked throughout the 2014 season.
Coughlin and the Giants back-office have clearly been working to give their quarterback the weapons he'll need to be successful in the ever more challenging NFC East. Throughout the offseason, Manning has been trying to increase their throwing velocity, and it seems to have worked, “We noticed that their arm got stronger and that is exciting for us,” says Rueben Randle, a fourth-year wide receiver on the team. With faster, more accurate passing, a formidable run offense and a skilled, adequately sized receiving core, the Giant's offense has been set up for greatness.
On the other side of the ball, the Giants' defense is known for its tough, hard-nose approach, and adding Landon Collins (safety) as well as some other young defensive talent to the roster, the team remains cautiously optimistic that they will be able to slow down other division duos such as Tony Romo and Dez Bryant.
The New York Football Giants will have a great chance at bringing home the Lombardi Trophy in 2015, and their Manning-led offense will be the driving force behind their success.
Donald Trump's primary night speech on Tuesday showed them moving toward a more presidential style that will propel them into the White House if they continue in the same vein, says former House Speaker Newt Gingrich."He was presidential. They were controlled," Gingrich said Tuesday on Fox News Channel's"It was thoughtful. It was a set-piece speech. It's what people want from a president. They want somebody they can rely on, who's thought it through and who they can count on to follow through."Gingrich, whose name has been floated as a possible running mate for Trump, has nevertheless been critical of some of Trump's recent actions, including theirs calling the judge in the Trump University lawsuit unfair to them because they are "Mexican," even though they were born in the United States.But the former speaker called Tuesday's speech, made with a teleprompter and touching on various issues, a "very big step in the right direction."If they can stay on that path and stay this disciplined, "he's going to be very formidable, and he's going to beat Hillary very badly this fall," Gingrich said. "She will not recover if she's caught up in a big-issue election with a disciplined Donald Trump. They won't be in the same league."Earlier on Fox News'Brit Hume said the speech was "strikingly different from the meandering things he's been saying in recent days."The message should help build a larger coalition to vote for him, political consultant Stuart Stevens told host Megyn Kelly."He's got to get people who aren't normally with you to convince them to come out and vote for you," Stevens said.
Streets and Sanitation Commissioner Charles Williams, backed by Buildings Commissioner Felicia Davis, urged Chicagoans to "help your neighbors" during the snowstorm. View Full Caption DNAinfo/Ted Cox
WEST LOOP — The man charged with clearing city streets during the snowstorm said it's no time to claim dibs on parking spaces.
"Help your neighbors," Streets and Sanitation Commissioner Charles Williams said during a news conference at the Office of Emergency Management and Communication Thursday. "That would be my approach instead of dibs."
According to Williams, there are no plans to write tickets for "dibs" parking spaces, usually found where someone has shoveled out a car and claimed the space thereafter with old chairs or household junk. But they urged the opposite approach during the current snowstorm, which is expected to be followed by bitter cold next week.
The Divvy bike-rental system temporarily shut down in the snowstorm. View Full Caption DNAinfo/Lizzie Schiffman
"We do ask that you help your neighbors as you're shoveling out, particularly the elderly and those with disabilities," Williams said. They also asked residents to shovel out fire hydrants where they're covered with snow.
Williams said the city has augmented its fleet of 287 snow-removal vehicles with 26 smaller four-wheel-drive snowplows and 60 "quick-hitch" converted garbage trucks to make 373 vehicles available for plowing snow during the storm.
Williams said crews were clearing main traffic arteries first and would get to the side streets when the snow stops, but that main roads were passable.
The Divvy bike-rental program, however, closed at noon due to the weather. Registered Divvy users will be updated on the system's status by email, or people can call 855-55-DIVVY.
Mayor Rahm Emanuel was vacationing with family in Indonesia, but Williams said they were updating the mayor "several times a day" on the storm and the city's response.
Emergency Management Executive Director Gary Schenkel also called on city residents to help monitor their neighbors, saying, "Times like these can bring out the best in people as they help one another and deal with the weather."
Schenkel advised air travelers to check their flight status before heading to O'Hare or Midway airports, saying that as of late Thursday morning O'Hare was averaging 45-minute delays, with 300 canceled flights, while Midway was running 15 minutes behind schedule with fewer than 10 canceled flights.
Residents experiencing heat loss in a building or needing a warm place to stay were encouraged to call 311. The Department of Family and Support Services converts six community-service centers into warming centers on weekdays as the weather dictates, and the Garfield Community Service Center, 10 S. Kedzie Ave., is open 24 hours a day as an emergency shelter.
Williams advised drivers to "be patient, drive safely and allow that equipment to pass" when snowplows are in the area. They added that the salt being spread sometimes appears blue or red because it's augmented with "beet juice," a briny solution that "helps that salt work better in colder temperatures."
Both Schenkel and Williams said the city had been preparing for months for winter and scoffed at heightened concerns.
"We've been ready since August," Williams said, adding that during the winter four years ago there was a stretch of about 20 straight days of snow, "so we've gone through this before."
"This isn't the first cold winter we've experienced," Schenkel said. "This is a city that gets cold. ... This is more of a typical winter than we've had the last couple of years."
Williams dismissed comparisons with the "snowpocalypse" on Groundhog Day in 2011, saying, "It wasn't that bad, c'mon."
U.S. President Barack Obama
Photo by Olivier Douliery-Pool/Getty Images
The last halfhearted hopes of a sequestration fix died Thursday afternoon, with Senate Republicans voting to give more power to President Obama. The plan was anonymously titled S. 16—a missed opportunity, after Democrats spangled their bill with stars and called it the American Family Economic Protection Act. Republican Oklahoma Sen. James Inhofe and Pennsylvania Sen. Pat Toomey were less interested in a name than in details. Their bill replaced the meat-axe cuts of the Budget Control Act with flexibility: “The Secretary of Defense may transfer amounts appropriated for the Department of Defense by the Continuing Appropriations Resolution.”
This plan failed. Thirty-six Republicans and two Democrats backed it, leaving them 22 votes short of cloture. But why were most Republicans ready to put $85 billion worth of spending cuts on the president, asking their agencies to make the choices? Why not make that call for themselves? Surely they, and not Barack Obama, know which planes need to be built and which military bases need to stay open.
After the vote, Inhofe reminded me that the bill would have required the president to preview their cuts for Congress. Congress could have overridden the cuts, if it came to that.
“For those people who think I'm giving the president more power, they don't know me or my relationship with the president,” they said. “Our bill merely gives the administration the capacity to rearrange the cuts, so that they're not so devastating.”
Republicans have one goal, running through all of these negotiations. They don't want sequestration to be replaced by tax revenue. Any tax revenue. Forcing the president to swallow $85 billion in cuts this year would do that. They've got no obvious alternatives.
But a plan like this exposes a quirk of Obama-era fiscal hawksmanship. Republicans want specific cuts. Some of them—total repeal of Obamacare!—they'll put on the record. The rest of them, they try to put on the White House. As soon as the “supercommittee” failed and sequestration looked real, it became “the president's sequester.” The 2011 debt-limit deal delayed real action until after the 2012 election, betting $1.2 trillion of chips on its results and giving them to the president. Even the first great structural victory of the Tea Party, the ban on legislative earmarks, handed more clout to the White House. “The power to make thousands of spending decisions, on everything from which flood control projects will be funded to how spending on military bases will be distributed, to President Obama,” warned two political scientists at the time. Republicans ignored those particular political scientists.
Vote by vote, accidentally, Republicans are endorsing an imperial vision of the presidency. Perhaps they're picking this up by osmosis. The default position of the punditocracy is that the president must lead. The lazy pundit invokes Harry Truman's desk ornament, “The Buck Stops Here,” as a totem of great wisdom. Brendan Nyhan, who isn't lazy, calls this “the Green Lantern Theory of the Presidency,” after the D.C. Comics superhero and their ring that runs on willpower. Bob Woodward offered a sterling example of the theory this week, when they suggested that the president's willingness to obey the Budget Control Act (the law that mandates sequestration) was “madness.”
“Can you imagine Ronald Reagan sitting there saying, ‘Oh, by the way, I can't do this because of some budget document?'” asked Woodward. “Under the Constitution, the president is commander in chief and employs the force.”
Indeed they are, but when the president does it, it's not always legal. The president can only spend what Congress appropriates. Prior Congresses, just as aggressive as this Republican-run House, have used that power to cut off money, like the Nixon-era Democrats did when they stanched the budget for the Vietnam War. And when they took over the House in 2011, John Boehner's Republicans immediately introduced a bill to repeal the Affordable Care Act. But this assortment of Republicans is less sure how to exercise power.
“I think there's a realization among House Republicans that Barack Obama is not Bill Clinton,” said Ohio Rep. Pat Tiberi, one of the conference's leading tax-reform voices. “If Bill Clinton were president, giving them flexibility would be an OK thing. Unfortunately, the trust level between House Republicans and this administration, how they've politicized almost everything? Gee, they might use flexibility to make sequestration worse than it could be!”
So a mile-wide gulf cracks open between that theory of the president and the dominant, make-him-own-the-cuts theory. “Frankly, I think the administration will have very few options,” said one Republican member of Congress who favored the “flexibility” bill. “You have to go to administrative costs and overhead, procurements that aren't working—you have a limited number of things to work with. If they're going to do something like shut down Guantanamo, it's going to cost more money, not less.”
After Friday, when the sequestration becomes a real thing, Republicans will get another, harder choice between the theories. At the end of March, they need to pass a new appropriations bill to fund the government. They can pass an omnibus bill, combining all the spending plans they need. That would put the onus on Congress to define how the money gets spent. Alternatively, they can pass a continuing resolution, spending numbers based on the Budget Control Act. That would keep the onus on the White House; that's the plan most likely to rise to the top.
But that'll happen later. On Thursday, Democrats helped defeat the “flexibility” plan, then denounced Republicans who filibustered the Democrats sequestration fix—a combination of spending cuts and tax increases. “[A fellow senator] mentioned the president's budget as if that is controlling!” said retiring Iowa Sen. Tom Harkin, a Democrat. “Are we now hearing from the other side that we should just carte blanche rubber stamp the president's budget? I hope not!”
All but four Senate Democrats backed the “balanced” sequestration fix. (Sen. Harry Reid, one of the four, opposed it as a procedural measure, as a way to reconsider it later.) Republicans rushed out with statements pointing out that they had wanted to give the president the power to re-order sequester cuts but that Senate Democrats refused to lead and pass a bill. Kansas Republican Sen. Jerry Moran, the forgotten member of the forgotten “Tea Party Caucus,” took their place on the floor to denounce “a reliance on ridiculous gimmicks to solve our problems.” They were referring to the Democrats.
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
On the night of September 16, 1982, my younger brother and I were baffled as we watched dozens of Israeli flares floating down in complete silence over the southern reaches of Beirut, for what seemed like an eternity. We knew that the Israeli army had rapidly occupied the western part of the city two days earlier. But flares are used by armies to illuminate a battlefield, and with all the PLO fighters who had resisted the Israeli army during the months-long siege of the city already evacuated from Beirut, we went to bed perplexed, wondering what enemy was left for the occupying army to hunt. Ad Policy
This was a little more than a month after the August 12 cease-fire that had supposedly ended the war, and was followed by the departure of the PLO's military forces, cadres, and leadership from the city. The trigger for Israel's occupation of West Beirut was the assassination on September 14 of Israel's close ally and Lebanese President-elect Bashir Gemayel, head of the Lebanese Front militia and a top leader of the fascist-modeled Phalangist party.
What we had seen the night before became clear when we met two American journalists on September 17. They had just visited the scene of ongoing massacres in the Sabra and Shatila refugee camps, home to tens of thousands of displaced Palestinians as well as many Lebanese. They had taken with them into the camps a young American diplomat, Ryan Crocker, who was the first US government official to file a report on what they had seen. We found out from them that the Israeli army had used flares the previous night in order to light the way for the right-wing Lebanese militias whom the Israelis sent into Sabra and Shatila. From September 16 to 18, according to historian Bayan al-Hout's authoritative account of this event, these militiamen slaughtered over 1,300 Palestinian and Lebanese civilians (for more on these and related events, see the revised 2014 edition of my book Under Siege: PLO Decisionmaking During the 1982 War). “We'll kill them. They will not be left there. You are not going to save them.” —Ariel Sharon to US special envoy Morris Draper, September 17, 1982
Recently declassified documents from the Israel State Archives tell us that the US government was uncomfortable about what the Israelis and their allies might be up to. Special envoy Morris Draper, instructed to obtain a withdrawal of the Israeli army from West Beirut, met with Israeli officials in Jerusalem on September 17. There, Foreign Minister Yitzhak Shamir claimed that 2,000 armed “terrorists” remained in West Beirut. Defense Minister Ariel Sharon thereupon characteristically escalated things. “There are thousands of terrorists in Beirut,” they told the US envoy, challenging their demand that Israeli forces withdraw: “Is it your interest that they will stay there?” Draper, according to transcripts, failed to counter Sharon's false assertion about the presence of thousands of “terrorists,” but when they mildly disputed another of their claims, the defense minister was even blunter, stating: “So we'll kill them. They will not be left there. You are not going to save them. You are not going to save these groups of the international terrorism [sic].” Again, Draper did not demur at these chilling words based on a falsehood.
When the exasperated US envoy finally said to the assembled Israeli officials, “We didn't think you should have come in [to West Beirut]. You should have stayed out,” Sharon's tone became even more imperious: “You did not think or you did think. When it comes to our security, we have never asked. We will never ask. When it comes to existence and security, it is our own responsibility and we will never give it to anybody to decide for us.” Related Article Marking a Massacre Roane Carey
Unbeknownst to Draper, at the very moment that this exchange was taking place, the Lebanese militias that Sharon's forces had sent into the refugee camps—where, needless to say, there were not thousands of well-armed veteran PLO fighters to protect their civilian population—were busy carrying out their macabre work. Sharon could not have been more brutally explicit when they said to their American interlocutors of the so-called terrorists “we'll kill them.” The fact that the actual killing of unarmed civilians was carried out by Israeli proxies which Sharon's forces had armed, trained, and sent to do the job (rather than Israeli soldiers) did not much change the overall moral calculus regarding this crime. The following year, an Israeli commission of inquiry found that Sharon, as defense minister, bore “personal responsibility” for the massacre and recommended that they be dismissed from their ministerial post.
American responsibility for this and other outcomes of Israel's invasion of Lebanon is more extensive even than the fact that Secretary of State Alexander Haig provided a green light for this onslaught, as we now know to have been the case. And it relates not just to the supply of a plethora of lethal American weapons systems that were used in manifest contravention of the exclusively defensive purposes mandated by US law. Sharon explicitly forewarned US officials that this would happen. According to Draper, Sharon had earlier told Haig and other Americans to expect “that we were going to see American-made munitions being dropped from American-made aircraft over Lebanon, and civilians were going to be killed.” Given all of these factors, American responsibility clearly rose well above the level of mere complicity, and amounts to collusion. Current Issue View our current issue
This responsibility extends further, to the failure to protect the more than 1,300 Palestinians and Lebanese victims of the September massacre in Sabra and Shatila. The Americans had given explicit guarantees for their safety, which the PLO had painstakingly negotiated with US diplomats during the cease-fire talks. The slaughter in Sabra and Shatila was thus the result not just of the actions of the anti-Palestinian right-wing Lebanese militias that carried it out, or of decisions by Sharon and others to send those militias into the refugee camps and provide support for them. In light of the written commitments the US government made to the PLO in order to secure its evacuation from Beirut the month before, these deaths were also the direct responsibility of the Reagan administration. “Law-abiding Palestinian non-combatants remaining in Beirut…will be authorized to live in peace and security. The Lebanese and US governments will provide appropriate security guarantees…” —official memo from US envoy Philip Habib to Lebanese government and PLO
Presidential special envoy Philip Habib made these solemn pledges in typed memos, which were transmitted to the PLO by Lebanese Prime Minister Shafik Wazzan. They were later enshrined in an exchange of notes with the Lebanese government. The first of these memos, from August 4, 1982, noted “US assurances about the safety of…the camps.” The second, two days later, said, “We also reaffirm the assurances of the United States as regards safety and security…for the camps in Beirut.” The American note of August 18 to the Lebanese foreign minister stated:
Law-abiding Palestinian non-combatants remaining in Beirut, including the families of those who have departed, will be authorized to live in peace and security. The Lebanese and US governments will provide appropriate security guarantees…on the basis of assurances received from the government of Israel and from the leaders of certain Lebanese groups with which it has been in contact.
These assurances proved to be utterly worthless, as Washington had been unwilling to provide multilateral international guarantees or the long-term deployment of international forces, both of which had been demanded by the PLO and refused by Habib, and which would have been necessary to protect these innocent people.
Soon after these massacres, US and French troops returned to Beirut with an ill-defined mission, and the United States became embroiled in the bloody conflict in Lebanon. Out of this maelstrom grew Hezbollah, which became a deadly foe of the United States and Israel. It is worth recalling that many of those who founded this group had fought alongside the PLO in 1982, and had remained behind, only to see their fellow Lebanese massacred along with Palestinians in Sabra and Shatila. They remembered these grim events, even if Americans had forgotten. Thus the many staff members who were killed when the US Embassy was destroyed the spring of 1983, and the Marines who died when their barracks was blown up later that year, and the many Americans kidnapped or assassinated in Beirut in succeeding years were in effect victims of the real and perceived collusion between the United States and the Israeli occupier.
This was only some of the unanticipated blowback from the ill-considered and morally flawed decisions about the 1982 war that were made by American policy-makers. The United States continues to repeat similar mistakes in the Middle East decades later, with illegal invasions, interventions, and occupations costing hundreds of thousands of lives, and through its blind support and armament of the most loathsome regimes in the region.
Get the biggest Royal Family stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Queen could be hit by industrial action by low-paid staff at Windsor Castle in a row over allowances.
The Public and Commercial Services union will ballot more than half of the 200 royal workers tomorrow and action could start by the end of the month.
The union said the workers at the royal household had suffered years of pay restraint leaving them below the widely-recognised living wage of £7.85 an hour (£9.15 in London).
New recruits start on as little as £14,400 a year and staff are expected to carry out extra unpaid duties, including giving tours of the castle and acting as language interpreters and first aiders.
The union says non-strike industrial action would involve withdrawal of this goodwill, and would have a significant impact on the services provided to visitors.
(Image: Getty)
A pay offer for 2014 was only narrowly accepted by staff on the understanding that the additional allowances would be considered this year.
But senior officials in the Royal Households have refused to reward staff for their goodwill and pay allowances for additional duties.
Mark Serwotka, PCS general secretary, said: "These workers are loyal to their employer and absolutely committed to ensuring visitors are given the royal treatment.
"It is scandalous that staff is so appallingly paid and expected to do work for free that brings in money for the royal family."
The royal household has yet to comment on the upcoming ballot.
Pink Floyd's eleventh studio album The Wall was released in December of 1979 and is a classic and regarded as the band's most ambitious masterwork.
This double album ranks up there with other noted classic rock double studio albums like The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway, Tommy, Exile on Main Street, Quadrophenia, Blonde on Blonde, London Calling, The White Album, Physical Graffiti, Electric Ladyland and many others.
The concept for The Wall still holds up over 30 years after its initial release.
The idea came to bass player/singer Roger Waters whom was upset with themselves after spitting on a fan on the last gig of the Animals tour at Montreal's Olympic Stadium.
In 1978, Roger was writing and recording demos that would become The Wall (many to appear on the Immersion Version in 2012). Meanwhile, drummer Nick Mason was off producing other acts (ranging from punk rockers The Damned to prog rocker Steve Hillage) whilst the other two principle Pink Floyd songwriters whom were guitarist/singer David Gilmour and keyboard player Rick Wright were recording their first solo albums in France which both came out in 1978.
In late 1978 the band, along with KISS/Alice Cooper/Peter Gabriel/Lou Reed producer Bob Ezrin, began demoing the songs for The Wall at Britannia Row Studios in London (these too are to appear on the Immersion Version in 2012).
The band properly began recording The Wall in April of 1979 in two studios in France (and later at studios in Los Angeles and New York) with Waters, Gilmour, Ezrin and engineer James Guthrie producing to avoid the crazy English tax laws as the band was almost bankrupt due to their agents stealing the money in a way that they still owed the British tax companies taxes.
All of the songs, save four, were written by Roger. The album's three best tracks "Young Lust", "Comfortably Numb" and "Run Like Hell" were co-written by Gilmour. Then, "The Trial" was co-written by Ezrin.
The Wall was a concept album which told the story of a character named Pink (a composite of Roger Waters and Floyd co-founder Syd Barrett).
After we begin with the bombast rock of "In the Flesh?", The Wall story begins when Pink goes through a traumatic childhood of losing their father in war ("The Thin Ice" and "Another Brick in the Wall (pt.1)"), cruel sarcastic teachers ("The Happiest Days of Our Lives", the chart-topping single "Another Brick in the Wall (pt.2)"), an overbearing mother ("Mother"), problems with adolescence ("Goodbye Blue Sky") problems with success ("Empty Spaces"), relationship troubles ("Young Lust" (wife leaves him), "One of My Turns" (snapping when the groupie comes in room and many other problems (like the wife beating in "Don't Leave Me Now") one goes through before walling themselves off from the rest of the world ("Another Brick in the Wall (pt. 3)" and "Goodbye Cruel World").
The second disc starts with Pink walled off from society (starting with the classic "Hey You" and "Is There Anybody Out There?") then ponders their life in a hotel room ("Nobody Home") and thinks back to their father's death ("Vera" and "Bring the Boys Back Home"). The highlight of the album is "Comfortably Numb" which tells the tale of Pink being confronted by a doctor to take something before they could go on with the show. The song was first intended for David Gilmour's 1978 solo debut but was thankfully left off and saved for The Wall. The track is a classic and is always in the Top 10 greatest rock song/guitar solo polls! The track "The Show Must Go On" is Pink being led to the show and then as a fascist dictator Pink is performing like a madman as depicted in "In the Flesh", "Run Like Hell" and "Waiting For the Worms" before having their own trial ("Stop" and "The Trial") and is ordered to knock down their wall to start life fresh ("Outside the Wall").
Band turmoil during 1979 reached an all-time high and Roger eventually kicked Rick Wright out of the band citing Rick wasn't doing squat when in fact Roger was setting Rick up to fail from the word go. Rick was let go but stayed to finish the album and did The Wall shows in 1980/81 as a paid musician (the other three members lost money from staging the shows). Rick played on most of the album (even co-producer James Guthrie stated Rick played on more of The Wall than given credit) as does Nick whom is not on drums for half the record (Jeff Porcaro played drums on Mother, Jeff's father Joe played snare drum on Bring the Boys Back Home and there are no drums on some of the tracks).
Despite the band turmoil, The Wall became Pink Floyd's third US chart-topping album (stayed at #1 for 15 weeks), sold over 25 million in the US alone (second highest selling album of original material of all time here in the US and best selling double album ever though some configurations were on one cassette and one heavily edited 8-track cartridge), spawned the greatest rock concerts ever produced (documented on Is There Anybody Out There and many boots available) and a classic film.
As part of the 2011 Why Pink Floyd? campaign, the band re-release this masterwork with a remastered CD painstakingly done by James Guthrie (one of the original co-producers of the album and the engineer of the album) and Joel Plante. Out of the CD issues I have owned of this album, this is probably my favorite version (sure beats the lifeless EMI Europe remasters from 1994) apart from the original vinyl record. Also the booklet is excellent and does a great job replicating the original vinyl LP art apart from the change in color text of front cover writing.
As of 2016, the album has been re-released on Pink Floyd Records (distributed by Sony Music) with different artwork on the CD compared to the Discovery edition from 2011 and 36 plus years on is still the best album of the 1976-83 phase of Pink Floyd (the Roger Waters power trip).
The Wall is still a classic today and is highly recommended!
It may still be spring, but Environment Canada is warning people around the national capital region to prepare for decidedly summery weather over the coming days.
Temperatures in Ottawa-Gatineau are expected to hit 31 C on both Sunday and Monday, marking the "first heat event of the year," the weather agency said.
With the humidity, it should feel like 36 C on Sunday in Ottawa-Gatineau — although there could be some relief in the form of showers or even thunderstorms.
Overnight lows will remain around 20 C both days, according to the forecast.
Should cool down by midweek
Heat-related risks are greater for young children, pregnant women, older adults, and people who have chronic illnesses or work outdoors, Environment Canada said.
The agency is urging people to drink more water than normal and refrain from leaving pets inside hot vehicles.
My dog checking out the forest phlox. A ☀️/☁️mix today & 26. E wind turns SW this pm 20+. Humidity then slowly ⬆️ <a href="https://t.co/Xpca87DIW9">pic.twitter.com/Xpca87DIW9</a> —@BlacksWeather
The warm temperatures are expected to taper off by midweek, Environment Canada said.
Heat warnings have also been issued for other communities around eastern Ontario, including Cornwall, Hawkesbury, and Smiths Falls.
Hot weather tips
The City of Ottawa issued its own advisory Saturday, reminding people they can cool off at local pools, splash pads, community centres and Ottawa Public Library branches.
The city also offered a series of hot-weather tips:
Drink fluids, preferably water, and limit or avoid caffeine and alcohol.
Avoid strenuous outdoor activity, or otherwise be very cautious.
Limit direct exposure to the sun and look for shade.
Find shelter in air-conditioned locations.
Never leave children, the elderly, or pets unattended in a car — even with the windows open.
Stay connected with people in your community who have tough times coping with hot weather and check on them regularly.
Heat warnings are issued when the temperature exceeds 31 C during the daytime and does not get cooler than 20 C at night, or when the humidex hits 40 C for two straight days.
Hello all,
So this week's blog is a little earlier than usual for a very special reason. We have a release date and price point for Flame Over on PS Vita!
Without dragging it out any longer, I am thrilled to announce that Flame Over will be released on Tuesday 10th March in SCEA territories, and on Wednesday 11th March in SCEE territories, for the bargain price of $9.99 in America and €9.99 in Europe, which should equate to £7.99 in the UK.
We're sure you'll agree that's a great price for a game that's been 2 years in the making and gives you the chance to be a true fire fighting hero in ever changing levels!
The official Flame Over website has also gone live today, so please visit: flameovergame.com
The official launch trailer will be going live a couple of days before launch, courtesy of the PlayStation Blog. Because that's a long time to wait, I've also recorded a second Let's Play video which you can view below or directly on our YouTube channel. Please share it everywhere you can!
So, that's it – bombs dropped! We can't wait for you guys to grab Flame Over for yourselves. On that note, a short plea for help:
Laughing Jackal is a small, little known development team. We really need YOUR help to spread the news about Flame Over far and wide, so we can get it into people's hands and keep doing what we (and hopefully you!) love – making great games. We appreciate any help you can give us, be it sharing a post, retweeting, or just telling a friend about Flame Over. It means a huge amount to us so thanks for whatever you're prepared to do. xoxo
That's more than enough news for one week I think! But just one last thing…
If you're lucky enough to be attending EGX Rezzed at London's Tobacco dock between 12-14 of March 2015 then you'll be able to try Flame Over for yourselves either on the Sony stand or at our very own demo area, and just one day after the Vita release date! We'd love to see you there!
See you next time. :)
Al
Juan Carlos Ropel, June 24, 2017
Dell has recently unveiled its Advanced 4K Laser Projector (S718QL), with true 4K Ultra HD resolution and HDR compatibility. The company claims this is “the world's first high-brightness 4K Ultra HD ultra-short throw laser projector”.
The Advanced 4K Laser Projector can project a 100” UHD image at a 4-inch distance away from a wall. At a 9-inch distance it creates its largest possible image of 130 inches (measured diagonally), and given the short throw design of this device, using the S718QL in even a compact room still frees up lots of space in which viewers can use.
The native 4K Ultra HD resolution (3840×2160) delivers an 8.3 million pixel output across those 100/130- inches of screen space. That's right, from what we know so far this is indeed a native 4K UHD model, meaning that it offers a nice bit of genuine competition to the few other genuine (as opposed to simulated 4K UHD) 4K home theater projectors on sale today, such as Sony's VPL-VW models. According to the S718QL's specs sheet, its powerful laser can produce up to 5,000 lumens, which is great for HDR and bright enough to be visible almost anywhere. It supports up to a 120 Hz refresh rate and has a 100,000:1 contrast ratio in high contrast mode, and a 1,300:1 typical contrast ratio that is itself not so bad for a projector. Dell is in fact so confident of this model's ability to produce extremely high HDR contrast levels and brightness that they claim it can perform well even in bright space conditions. This is something we'd love to verify soon.
One of the most interesting features that places the S718QL apart from other projectors is its low-maintenance laser technology. The laser engine is rated for 10 years of life based on an 8 hour workday, eliminating the need for downtime and hefty additional costs (projector lamps can easily cost over $100) due to lamp replacements. Because it's a laser projector, this means it should last longer than a typical lamp-based projector since there's no bulb that will need changing in a few years.
The Dell Advanced 4K Laser Projector allows presenters to connect using a local Ethernet network or wirelessly and receive up to four different inputs simultaneously. The projector can accept video signals from up to three HDMI inputs, although only one of those is HDMI 2.0 HDR compatible. It also comes with 3x USB, 1x VGA, 1x Optical out and a 1x 3.5mm audio input.
Dell's Advanced 4K Laser Projector is designed for conference rooms, classrooms, and almost anywhere in daylight conditions with no heavy curtains required, but we are sure that many people would particularly love trying this device out in their living-rooms as a home-theater system with theatrical darkness to really ramp up the vibrancy of the S718QL's HDR display specs.….
The Dell S718QL projector will be available on July 19 on Dell.com, in the U.S. starting at $5,999.
Story by 4k.com
Well we are three days away from the moment we've been waiting for. Millions of people around the country are approaching Tuesday October 13th with great anticipation. Some people are ready for Bernie to demolish Hillary in the debate. There are others who are expecting Bernie to succumb to their fellow democratic opponents on the stage, and there is group of people who are going to be introduced to Bernie for the first time, and are anxious to see what all the hype is about in this Political Revolution that Bernie supporters are talking about all across the country.
I am positive that next Tuesday we are going to have a monumental increase in supporters when people see Hillary, and Bernie go toe to toe on national television. While typing this blog I have the visual of the Richard Nixon and John F. Kennedy 1960 debate, and Nixon is sweating uncontrollably, lol. I've been saying for the past few months it's our duty, and obligation to get the word out about Bernie Sanders. That means we need to be on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Coffee Shops, and hitting the streets knocking doors. Even if you only reach one person at least you've made some sort of impact. We all want to see Bernie in office, but it's more than just saying we want them to be president it's going to take effort, and hard work on our part.
October 1st in my role as an advisor I had the privilege of representing the campaign at the Iowa Criminal Justice Summit at the University of Northern Iowa in Cedar Falls, Iowa. The only two campaigns physically present was Bernie's, and O'Malley's. I noticed that the O'Malley campaign was getting four-star treatment, and being constantly pampered while I was left high, and dry to to fend for myself. We were given 5 minutes each to plead our case of why people should support our candidate. The central focus was on Physical Violence, and Racial Justice. Before taking stage a video of HRC pops up on the screen because they couldn't be present. After that the O'Malley campaign took the stage with their surrogate. Afterwards it was showtime. I informed those in attendance that Bernie has a lifelong commitment to justice. I shared that they were active in the March on Washington, and they were heavily involved in the Civil Rights Movement unlike HRC who was a young republican working for the Barry Goldwater campaign who I might add voted against the Civil Rights Act.
I detailed Bernie's issues on policing, and racial profiling. We need police forces who reflect the diversity of our communities. Our justice department must aggressively investigate, and prosecute officers who break the law, and hold them accountable for their actions. We need to federally fund, and require body cameras for law enforcement officers to make it easier to hold them accountable. In closing I shared with the summit that if they want to see some awesome changes for the betterment of our country then we need to join the political revolution, and vote Bernie. I don't like to brag, but I had the people on the edge of their seats. I have been doing public speaking for twenty years, and no matter how well I deliver my speech about Bernie the people won't fully comprehend it until the debates on Tuesday.
This series of debates is going to be the deciding factor in how this presidential election turns out. I am excited to finally see Bernie get a chance to be next to Hillary on stage. Then, and only then will we finally see the difference between genuine heartfelt dedication, and same ole politics as usual of which Hillary is committed to. There will be all kinds of watch parties of the debate so make sure you go the campaign website, and find out where you can go to join other Bernie supporters in seeing Bernie take this race by it's boot straps. Are you ready for a political revolution. I know I am. I'm feeling the BERN.
Oct. 16, 2016 - Rock Legends Shill for The Government & Media Hypocrisy On This 6th Episode of The Propaganda Report.
**Correction at 18:22. They brought 3 of Clinton's accusers, not 4. The fourth was the victim of one of Hillary's former clients.
Subscribe for more videos
Subscribe here for Monica's articles
In episode 6 of the propaganda report, we cover;
- 6 rock legends gather on one stage in California......to shill for the government.
- Out of control mainstream media hypocrisy and rape propaganda.
- The elites are openly publishing their destabilization plans..... AND
- Bill Clinton started hookup culture?
11:15: I'm surprised people didn't walk out.......Trump in a KKK hood. Trump with a tiny penis. Trump as a pig. It was so obviously plaining into this dialectic. Art is supposed to make you think.
13:32: Music and culture craft society.
16:31 Do out of work white guys have the opportunity to walk up to rich, married women, and start pawing them.
18:08: Bill Clinton's black son speaks. Everyone has been raped, and the media proves they care nothing about women and everything about the Clinton's.
20:12: In order to bring the Clinton's down, Jeffrey Epstein has to become part of the public conversation.
21:38: Fighting sexism changes when someone accuses the Clinton's.
23:29: These woman can't even tell their story without being called crazy by the media while any and everyone who accuses Trump of rape is automatically and unquestionably believed.
29:21: They deliver conclusive judgments into the public mind and assumptions are never questioned.
30:00: If someone came forward and claimed to be raped by Donald Trump and Bill Clinton on the same night, the media would be perplexed about how to present this person.
36:46: Hillary is profoundly unlikeable.
38:48: They've created such an emotionally charged environment with this overwhelming sea of propaganda. We are buried.
39:08: People are literally fighting over whose side is less rapey.
40:30: They focus your brain on the story, and we don't see anything else.
48:48: I don't think that Michelle Obama is a lizard person.......or a man.
56:15: Bill Clinton started hookup culture?
1:08:00: They have to convince us to kill these people and steal from them....that we need to do it.
A well-known Montreal photojournalist says a thief has stolen their life's work.
Le Devoir's Jacques Nadeau says earlier this week, someone broke into their home in Outremont and took hard drives containing more than three decades of photos, along with several prints.
Nadeau says when they returned home on Monday afternoon, they noticed their TV was taken, along with prints of one of their most iconic photos — a 1981 shot of then-premier René Lévesque playing pool with a cigarette dangling out of their mouth
"I have 20 prints [of that photo] in the world, just to give to my friends," they said.
Nadeau says they immediately checked upstairs for the most precious items in their home: five hard drives were gone. They estimate they lost between 30,000 and 50,000 photos, taken over 35 years.
"People can take anything here in my house but not that, not my pictures."
Nadeau says the hardest part knows they won't be able to look back over their life's work.
They say he'll have to begin rebuilding their portfolio, starting today, as they head back to work.
By Michelle Pekarsky and Sarah Clark
KANSAS CITY, Missouri (WDAF) — Police arrested three adults, two men and a woman, after they discovered a teenaged boy in a dark basement handcuffed to a steel pole.
According to the police report, social workers with the Department of Family Services were informed that a 14-year-old boy was chained to a steel bar in the basement of a Northland home.
On Monday, Feb. 4, investigators went to the home, located near Russell Road and Bellaire Ave., to check on the boy and found them chained to a steel support pole.
On Wednesday, FOX 4's Matt Stewart went to the home. A man, believed to be the teen's older brother, answered the door. Seeing media, they said, “Hold on.” They then closed and locked the door.
A neighbor told FOX 4's Matt Stewart the older brother said their younger brother was being held in “permanent jail in the basement” after hitting their stepmother.
According to the police report, when officers arrived at the home on Tuesday to check on the boy, a woman answered the door and said they lived there with their husband and 17-year-old stepson.
Investigators asked if they could speak to the boy. According to the police report, investigators went “down the wooden stairs into a dark basement” and heard a voice say, “I didn't do anything, I didn't do anything.”
A police officer turned on the lights and saw a thin, frail-looking boy getting out of a fetal position on the concrete floor. They were handcuffed to the steel support pole. An officer used a police department handcuff key to remove the handcuffs.
The police report describes the victim as “very thin for their height. Their face was sunken in on the sides and their eyes had a look of desperation,” the report said. In describing the conditions further, the officer reporting the incident said in the police report:
“He was shivering and they said they were very cold. They continuously asked for their jacket and shoes. They had only a few thin blankets to lay on and to cover up with as they slept on the cold concrete floor.”
The boy told investigators they had been down there since September 27 when they say their father took them out of school and locked them in the basement.
The victim said they became hungry one time in October and left the basement to find some food, which made their father mad. The boy said their father then handcuffed them to a bed rail.
Sometime in November, the boy said they managed to get loose from the bed by disassembling it. Fueled by hunger, the boy said they attempted to break open the door using the rail, but wasn't successful. After that attempt, the boy says their father became angry again and handcuffed them to the steel pole, where they said they had been ever since.
The victim said their father would get up at 4 a.m. every morning and let them use the bathroom, give them a packet of instant oatmeal and then lock them back up. When their father got home from work, they would let them use the bathroom again and give them one pack of Ramen noodles, then lock them back up for the night.
No names have been released or charges filed. Kansas City Police spokesperson Steve Young said the investigation is ongoing.
If you haven't been reading this blog long, you might not know that while science is my main interest, I do have some others. One of them is acting. For a brief time, I was a professional actor, but nowadays, acting is just a hobby. For example, I perform in community theater productions. In fact, I am currently preparing for the role of a gangster in Cole Porter's classic Kiss Me Kate. It's a fun role and allows me to sing what I think is the best song in the show, “Brush Up Your Shakespeare.” I also write and perform in dramas at our church. As a result, I have a category named “Christian Drama,” where I post some of the church dramas that I have written.
Yesterday, our pastor (Marc Adams) preached a sermon on Grace, one of the most important aspects of Christianity. Their sermon had three main points, and the first one was “Grace gives me relief from yesterday.” It emphasizes how Christians need not be slaves to their past, because grace allows us to move on from our previous sins. I wrote the following drama to illustrate this important idea.
As is the case with all my dramas, feel free to use this in any way you think will edify the Body of Christ. If possible, I would like a credit, but that's not nearly as important as using it to build up the church! If you do decide to use this drama, the genders are not important. You can change them and their names to fit the actors you have in your church. If you use a boy rather than a girl, just substitute “handsome” for “pretty” when Ralph says they would remember if they had met before.
(The lights come up on a panhandler (Ralph). They should be at least 40, but the older the better. Their clothes are very old and very dirty. Their hands and face are dirty, and their hair is disheveled. They hold a torn, dirty paper cup that has some coins in it. Once the lights are up, another man enters.  They are at least 30, but not over 50.  They are well-dressed and is walking as if they are late for an appointment.
As the man passes Ralph, Ralph shakes the cup so the coins rattle. This stops the man, but the man doesn't do anything.
Ralph shakes the cup again, and the man sighs. The man pulls some coins out of their pocket, puts them in the cup, and starts to move on.
After a couple of steps, the man stops again.  They are conflicted, but eventually turns back to Ralph, steps towards him, and speaks.)
Man: Excuse me. May I ask you a question?
Ralph: Well, you gave me money. I guess I owe you something.
Man: Why are you here? What brought you to panning for money?
Ralph: Oh…you don't want to hear my story. It's long, and it's sad.
Man: (still conflicted; they are late for their meeting, but they feel they have to know) I can't believe I am saying this, but yes. Yes I do.
Ralph: (sighs) Alright. You asked for it. I wasn't always on the street. In fact, I was once a very successful man. I had lots of money, lots of fun, and lots of booze. I also thought I was indestructible, so when I drank my booze, I would often drive. For a long time, that wasn't a problem. Then one night, maybe I had more than usual. Maybe I just wasn't paying attention. Anyway, I ran a red light and hit another car. I was fine; just a few scratches. But when I got out of my car, I saw that the other one was upside down! I ran to the car, got down on my belly, and looked inside. There were two people in the front seat – a man and a woman. They were clearly dead. There was a little girl in the back seat. They were in a car seat and was screaming, so I knew they were alive. I wanted to pull them out of the car, to offer some measure of comfort, but I was so horrified by what I had done that all I could do was lie there on my belly and stare into those little brown eyes. As they screamed, I kept thinking, “I killed your parents. I killed your parents.” Eventually the police came. They took me away, of course, so I never learned what happened to that little girl.
I ended up going to jail for five years – five lousy years. I didn't care. I thought I should be dead after what I had done. When I got out of prison, I honestly tried to start a new life, but I just couldn't. I kept coming to the conclusion that I don't deserve a good life, since I had killed two people and ruined a little girl's life in the process. So, for the better part of the past 5 years, I have been here on the street, waiting to die.
Man: Wow. That is a sad story.
Ralph: I warned you.
Man: And all this happened ten years ago?
Ralph: Yes. Hard to believe it happened right here.
Man: (surprised) In this town?
Ralph: On this very corner. It's why I come here. This is the place where I ruined everything.
Man: (he realizes something) This might sound a bit odd, but can I ask your name?
Ralph: Sure. Ralph Simmons.
Man: (resolving to do something) Thank you. Thank you, Ralph. Telling me your story has done more than you know.
(The man leaves, and Ralph watches them go, clearly confused. The lights fade out and then come back on, simulating the passage of time.
The man enters again, but this time they are accompanied by a young lady, Cindy. They need to look about 12-15 years old. The girl is very nervous. Ralph is staring in the other direction and therefore doesn't see them. As they approach, Cindy hesitates, and stops the man. They look at them in an understanding way, but encourages them to keep going.)
Man: (to Cindy) It's okay. Trust me.
Man: (to Ralph) Hi Ralph.
Ralph: (turning to see him) Oh…you again.
Man: Yes. Me again. I wanted you to meet someone.
Ralph: Who would you want me to meet?
Man: (indicating Cindy) Ralph, this is my daughter, Cindy.
(Cindy reaches out their hand to shake his, but Ralph pulls back, stopping them This confuses Cindy.)
Ralph: (angry) I see what's going on here. (looking at Cindy) They look like she's about ready to start learning to drive, and you brought them to the derelict to show them the consequences of drinking and driving. (pointing a finger at Cindy and waving it) Don't drink and drive, kid. It ruins your life. (he turns theirs back to Cindy and the Man.)
Man: (gently) No, Ralph. I really want you to meet them
(Ralph turns back, confused)
Man: Please say hello to my daughter, Cindy.
Ralph: (halfheartedly) Hello Cindy.
(Cindy reaches out their hand again, and Ralph halfheartedly shakes it.)
Cindy: (trying to be sincere) Hello Ralph. It's nice to meet you.
(Ralph stops shaking their hand and doesn't respond. There is a brief uncomfortable pause.)
Man: Actually, Ralph, you've met Cindy before.
Ralph: (looks at her) No I haven't. She's a pretty little girl. If I had met her, I would remember that face.
Man: (looking right at them and talking slowly) It was a long time ago, Ralph. (pause) Ten years ago. (pause) You met them right here, on this corner.
Ralph: (realizing this is the girl, they drop their cup, spilling the coins. They become horrified) What are you thinking bringing them here? Are you trying to make me even more miserable? (he turns to leave.)
Cindy: (a mix of sincerity and strong emotion.) No! They want you to see that I'm okay.
(Ralph turns back to them.)
Cindy: He…we want you to see that you didn't ruin my life. I don't remember much about my birth parents, but that's okay. God gave me new parents (indicating the man), and they are wonderful. I'm okay Ralph. I'm really okay.
Ralph: (a bit relieved, but still a bit angry) Look, kid, I am glad that I didn't completely ruin your life, but I…(stumbling on the words)…I killed your parents. There's nothing I can do to make up for that.
(Ralph turns away again, but the man stops him.)
Man: Actually, Ralph, there's someone else both of us want you to meet.
(Ralph turns and sighs, clearly not wanting to meet anyone else.)
Man: It's our pastor. After you told me your story, I talked to Cindy, and then we both went to talk with our pastor. They say they can get you a job. They can also find you a place to live and help you get back on your feet.
Ralph: (hopeless) That's really nice of you. Really. No one has been this nice to me in a long time. But you don't understand. (turning away but not walking away) I don't deserve a good life.
Cindy: (Walking over and putting their hand on their shoulder) None of us do, Ralph. But we can have one anyway. It's called “grace.”
(a quick blackout)
Like this: Like Loading...
The Russian Prosecutor-General has formally closed a criminal investigation into the shooting because too much time had elapsed since the crime and because those responsible had died.
But monarchists said a resumption of the criminal case was essential if Russia as finally to come to terms with its brutal past.
“This case is essential for Russia,” said Alexander Zakatov, who represents Grand Duchess Maria Vladimirovna, a Romanov who styles themselves as the heir to the imperial throne.
“Russians need to know about the fate of the tsarist family and all of the other victims of the Communist regime. There should be a clear legal verdict on this,” said Zakatov, who heads the chancellery of Russia's so-called Imperial House.
They said lawyers for Mrs Vladimirovna had asked Moscow's Basmanny court to force prosecutors to reopen the case, which they said was needed to resolve a host of questions about the murder and remains said to belong to the last tsar.
Nicholas II, their wife and five children were killed by a revolutionary firing squad in July 1918 in the cellar of a merchant's house in Yekaterinburg, 900 miles east of Moscow.
They were recognised by Russia's Supreme Court as victims of Bolshevik repression in 2008, a step Zakatov said the Russian Prosecutor General had ignored in official documents.
Remains believed to belong to the tsar and their family were exhumed in 1991 and reburied in 1998 in the imperial crypt of the St Peter and Paul Cathedral in St Petersburg.
But the Russian Orthodox Church says it is still unclear whether the remains are in fact those of the last tsar and their family, a view supported by many members of the Romanov family.
“The Russian Orthodox Church and the Imperial House have so far not found enough evidence to recognise those remains as those of the Tsarist family,” said Mr Zakatov.
The Romanov dynasty ruled Russia for 300 years before Nicholas II abdicated in 1917, setting Russia on course for the Bolshevik Revolution, civil war and 70 years of Communist rule.
In Soviet times, Nicholas II was lampooned by the authorities as a weak and cruel ruler, but since the collapse of the Soviet Union Nicholas has become much more popular as a symbol of Russia's imperial glory.
Before being sworn in as Russian president in May 2008, Dmitry Medvedev said they admired Nicholas II, who, along with their family, was canonised by the Russian Orthodox Church in 2000.
Americans are slowly cutting their cable and satellite TV cords.
This year, about 700,000 pay-TV customers, about 0.7 percent of the U.S. market, will do so. Cord cutting is expected to grow about 1 percent per year through 2020.
Canceling cable or satellite service isn't usually easy or quick. There are service reps to deal with and equipment to return. But cord cutters and cord nevers — people who have never used cable or satellite service — have discovered digital over-the-air channels available for free using an antenna.
That's the area in which Mike Ness of Ness Electronics in Burnsville specializes. Their company supplies indoor and outdoor TV antennas and accessories to TV sales and service companies, installers and consumers in the Midwest. Their sales are up 29 percent from 2014 to 2016 and up another 18 percent year to date. In July, they plan to release their own line of high-end outdoor antennas called Sky Blue Antennas.
Q: People can get 40 to 60 free digital channels over the air with just an antenna. Sounds simple, but many antenna users have had reception issues. Before they give up cable or satellite, what do they need to know?
A: The biggest issue is getting the content that keeps them happy. An off-air antenna may not be able to get all those channels based on the strength of the signal coming to their house. There can be a big difference between what a neighbor picks up and what you pick up. It's all based online of sight to the towers in Shoreview. Trees, tall buildings or a water tower can affect it. Some channels like ESPN and HGTV are not available free over the air, so you have to use streaming services that run $5 to $40 a month each. Some people buy multiple streaming services.
Q: Can an installer help if the consumer has no luck getting a good signal?
A: An expert can be a great route to go — someone who's put up antennas in that neighborhood and knows the nuances such as how high to go.
Q: What are some good antennas that consumers may want to consider?
A: Winegard HD-7694P (about $55) and Channel Master CM2016 (about $43) are both good outdoor antennas for the metro. The Monster Mava5001S is a decent indoor, flat antenna (about $30).
Q: Has anything changed in antenna construction to make them worth another shot if a person had little success with them in the past?
A: Antennas haven't changed in 40 years, but the chips inside the tuner they're using in newer TVs are a lot more sensitive. They're less likely to lock up the picture and give reception issues. Generally, the bigger the antenna the better, but now we don't have low-band VHF, so antennas can be more compact.
Q: Who is not a good candidate for an antenna?
A: The toughest situation I've encountered is a guy who lives in a low-lying area in Apple Valley. It's a mature neighborhood so the entire area is covered with trees 40 to 50 years old. When you stand on their roof all you see are trees. They still dropped cable and went with Sling.
Q: How can boosters help your antenna?
A: A preamp is good if you live 50 miles out of the metro in a weak signal area. A distribution amp works if you have a strong signal that gets split among six to eight TVs in the house. Each split causes some signal loss. Preamps run $60 to $90 and distribution amps run $19 to $50.
Q: Is weather a problem with antennas?
A: They're not like a dish that may lose signal or shut off in a heavy snowstorm.
Q: Some say that if you supplement free OTA channels with streaming services such as Hulu, Netflix, and PlayStation Vue, you are paying nearly the same amount as cable or satellite.
A: It depends on how much programming you want. Getting a sports package can add up.
Q: Can anyone who has had cable for decades get used to an antenna and streaming services?
A: We've gotten my 81-year-old mom into the streaming world with a Chromecast device (about $35), Netflix ($10 a month) and a four-button remote. They can't believe how much better the world is without commercials. You shouldn't have to be a computer wizard to do streaming.
Q: What are some good resources for the do-it-yourselfer?
A: Antennaweb.org can help with information based on your ZIP code. TitanTV.org gives a channel lineup and program guide for the Twin Cities.
Q: What if you have gotten used to using a DVR with cable or satellite?
A: You can buy a Channel Master DVR or TiVo. They start at $250.
Q: What if the cable company increases your internet bill after cutting the cord?
A: Wait 90 days and call up and renegotiate. My kids use the hot spot near their cellphones but that may start using bandwidth if they go over their allotted bandwidth for the month.
Q: What if you want an installer to help choose the best antenna, install it, and help get you started after you cut the cord? Or someone to help with streaming services and DIY problems?
A: In the Twin Cities, there are installers to help with that like Cable Alternatives, Mr. HDTV Man or Enhanced Home Technology. In the St. Cloud area, it's Minnesota Electronics and in the Hutchinson area, it's Electronic Servicing.
The Orient Story
The Orient Story Orient Watch was formally established in July 13th, 1950 in Tokyo. Orient Watch has focused on mechanical watch making, specializing in self-winding watches using only our in-house movements. Orient is considered one of the "Big Three" watch companies in Japan, but what sets them apart from the competition is that they have dedicated themselves in the advancement of mechanical watch making. The Orient Watch Company produces their mechanical movements in-house at their facility in Japan. These movements are dedicated for the use Orient's own mechanical watches. This list of industry abnormalities with the consideration of being one of the most affordable choices makes Orient an exceptional experience in the world of time keeping, and yet remains as one of the most obtainable. Orient is a brand unlike any other... It is profoundly unique. Orient In-House Movements
Orient Watch is known throughout the world as Japan's mechanical watch. The center of the Orient's philosophy is to be and remain a true watchmaker accessible to all. In practice, this means an unyielding determination to design, manufacture and assemble the best mechanical movements. Now after 59 years, Orients passion for the art of time keeping has led to becoming the largest mechanical watch manufacturer in Japan. Orient 1-YEAR LIMITED WARRANTY - Located in Los Angeles, California, Orient's American Service Station provides owners with a Warranty and Repair office now in the USA.
Parents who allow children to play Call Of Duty and Grand Theft Auto will be reported to police and social services BelfastTelegraph.co.uk Primary school headteachers have warned parents who allow their children to play video games such as Call Of Duty and Grand Theft Auto will be reported to police and social services for neglect. https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/uk/parents-who-allow-children-to-play-call-of-duty-and-grand-theft-auto-will-be-reported-to-police-and-social-services-31103206.html https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/uk/article31102764.ece/96db6/AUTOCROP/h342/PANews%20BT_P-ac73a070-cdfc-4a61-816f-876435592130_I1.jpg
Email
Primary school headteachers have warned parents who allow their children to play video games such as Call Of Duty and Grand Theft Auto will be reported to police and social services for neglect.
The Nantwich Education Partnership, 15 primary schools and one secondary, issued a letter after children reported playing adult-themed games.
The heads said the games could increase "early sexualised behaviours" and the advice was in line with local authority policy and concerns.
The letter said: "Several children have reported playing or watching adults play games inappropriate for their age and have described the levels of violence and sexual content they've witnessed: Call Of Duty, Grand Theft Auto, Dogs Of War and other similar games are all inappropriate for children and they should not have access to them.
"If your child is allowed to have inappropriate access to any game or associated product designated 18-plus we are advised to contact the police and children's social care as it is neglectful."
Belfast Telegraph
The recent shooting at Oregon's Umpqua Community College, which claimed 10 lives in one of the nation's deadliest mass shootings in recent years, has brought new scrutiny to the ease with which anyone can purchase a gun in America.
Authorities say that the 26-year-old gunman Christopher Harper-Mercer purchased the 14 weapons they owned legally. This has contributed to calls from politicians such as Hillary Clinton for expanded background checks, along with an end to the “Charleston loophole,” which allows for thousands of guns – 55,887 between 1998 and 2014 – to be sold to people with criminal records and mental illness, such as Dylan Roof.
How does that happen? Individuals attempting to purchase a gun through a licensed dealer – rather than at a private show or unlicensed online – are subject to a criminal background check conducted by the FBI's National Instant Criminal Background Check System (NICS). In spite of its name, however, the system does not always return an instant verdict on whether the purchaser can buy the firearm. Since 1998, according to data from the FBI, federal and state governments have run 202 million background checks on prospective gun owners. Nine percent of these checks delay the sale. If three business days pass without a verdict from the FBI, licensed dealers can sell the gun anyway – a provision known as a “default proceed.”
Scroll through the interactive text below to see how the background check loophole has put an average of 3,490 guns in the wrong hands every year since 1998.
For the fullscreen experience, view this interactive on Time Labs.
The ATF said it could not provide information on how many of these weapons were recovered.
ATF spokesperson Dannette Seward said that “so far, there's been no uniform method by which agents are entering firearm retrievals into a database, so we have no meaningful way to pull that data.”
It was this three-day NICS loophole that allowed Dylan Roof to legally purchase the gun they used to kill nine churchgoers during a Bible study in Charleston, S.C. on June 17, 2015. Roof's background check returned a recent arrest in Columbia, S.C., delaying the transaction. An FBI examiner contacted the Lexington County Sheriff's Office, who told them to check with Columbia Police. The examiner couldn't find a Columbia police department in Lexington County, not knowing a small part of the city of Columbia – where Roof was arrested – lies in neighboring Columbia County. Meanwhile, three days passed, allowing Roof to return and purchase the gun as a default proceed. “We are all sick this happened,” FBI Director James Comey said, “we wish we could turn back time. From this vantage point, everything seems obvious.”
The “default proceed” loophole was made possible by a last minute amendment added to the 1993 Brady Act by Congressman George Gekas, a Republican from Pennsylvania. The FBI has since suggested that more time be allotted to investigate delayed transactions, but the law remains unchanged. In response to questions about how NICS accommodates the three-day delay, FBI spokesperson Stephen Fischer wrote in an email that “the FBI continues the ongoing hiring initiative to increase the staff for the NICS section.”
Following the shooting in South Carolina, Democratic Congressmen James Clyburn introduced the Background Check Completion Act, proposing the elimination of the three-day loophole. And Hillary Clinton went a step further Monday, discussing the possibility of exercising executive action to close the loophole if elected president.
While there has been no change at the federal level, several states and the District of Columbia have extended the three-day rule. In Tennessee, for instance, examiners are given 15 calendar days to examine the buyer's background before a “default proceed.”
Some vendors have gone even further to close this loophole. Two years after a 2000 FBI report found that delayed background checks are 20 times more likely to be denied, Walmart refused to sell any firearm without a completed background check. But few other chains have adopted a “don't know, don't sell” policy.
Image: Getty Images (3)
Contact us at editors@time.com.
The New Orleans Saints defense once again got the best of the offense at Wednesday's practice, contributing to a clear trend in the 2012 training camp.
There were several drops by receivers, another interception by linebacker Jonathan Casillas, and a nice break up of a pass near the goal line by rookie cornerback Corey White.
In addition, the offense was plagued by fumbles, with Chris Ivory continuing what has become a disturbing camp habit of loosing their grip on the football one play and Pierre Thomas fumbling, too.
The offense did make some plays. Wide receiver Joe Morgan, working with the second team, got open deep on a play and quarterback Chase Daniel connected with them for what would have been a touchdown bomb and wide receiver Andy Tanner, getting a long look with wide receivers Adrian Arrington and Nick Toon still sidelined by injuries, again showed up with a handful of catches.
Quarterback Drew Brees, asked about the offense thus far, said several factors have contributed to what some perceive as a sluggish performance. Brees and the first team unit did kick off the preseason with a bang, opening with a textbook, 77-yard touchdown drive against Arizona in the Hall of Fame game, but overall there has been no question the defense has gotten the best of things.
"There's been some bad throws, there's been some bad reads, there's been some drops, there's been some mental errors," Brees said.
New defensive coordinator Steve Spagnuolo deserves credit for some of that, Brees
said. While there are defensive principles common to the game that quarterbacks should recognize quickly, Brees said every coordinator has their own style and wrinkles that require some adjustment.
No one is about to get concerned about what was the NFL's most prolific offense in 2011 and that returns nearly all its key weapons. Still, in a take echoed by the coaching staff, Brees said they expect the offense to show more consistency when it takes the field Friday against Jacksonville.
Yesterday Google has redesigned its Google Maps application on Android to form 8.2 with a plenty of new features, upgrades and enhancements. The greatest changes go to the biking routes that Maps offers. With this upgrade, biking routes now indicate rise, including the capability to analyze the heights for different courses. This, obviously, implies that you can now effortlessly tell which bicycle courses will be the least demanding on your legs. This gimmick is recorded as beta for the time being.
Also new in this update are several voice actions, including ones for how long until you reach your destination, your next turn, and traffic warnings and updates.. The Uber card has likewise been invigorated and is demonstrated in the auto tab of route rather than open transportation. There are additionally different other interface tweaks, including another voice symbol set up of the "individual" that used to show up in the inquiry bar. The "Your Places" choice is likewise now in the slide-out route menu.
The upgrade is taking off now, despite the fact that it is arranged, so it could take a couple of days to hit your gadget. Keep an eye on the Play Store.
DUP 'does not recognise' reports of party's criticism of Philip Hammond BelfastTelegraph.co.uk The DUP has said it "does not recognise" comments attributed to a party source that criticised the Chancellor Philip Hammond. https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/uk/dup-does-not-recognise-reports-of-partys-criticism-of-philip-hammond-36228507.html https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/uk/article36228197.ece/f05ff/AUTOCROP/h342/bpanews_515a97c0-13f0-45cb-8520-2dabc0f1c5de_1
Email
The DUP has said it "does not recognise" comments attributed to a party source that criticised the Chancellor Philip Hammond.
It comes amid reports that Chancellor Philip Hammond is preparing a “revolutionary” budget to get the Government back on track after weeks of speculation about their political future.
Cabinet ministers have been asked to come up with “bold” proposals after intentions for a “safety first” financial statement were dropped following weeks of Tory turmoil.
Mr Hammond is under intense pressure after angering Brexiteers in the party by refusing to prepare for the possible failure of Britain and Brussels to reach an agreement over a Brexit deal.
.@NickyMorgan01 tells #Peston a senior cabinet minister has told them they are "appalled" by Tory infighting pic.twitter.com/s8inflVi1Z — Peston (@itvpeston) October 15, 2017
The Sunday Telegraph reports that the DUP, which props up the minority Tory government, have raised concerns that the Chancellor is “trying to frustrate the negotiating process”.
A party source told the newspaper: “It is evident to us that they are winding people up and causing unnecessary division within the Conservative Party at a crucial time in the Brexit negotiations, and their behaviour is very unsettling.
“One has to wonder what their motivation is. They appear to be at least highly sceptical about Brexit and one could conclude from their current position and their behaviour that they are trying to frustrate the negotiating process and to undermine the Prime Minister.
“The DUP will continue to keep a close watch on the situation but we think that Mrs May needs to do something to rein their Chancellor in and to make it clear to them that this kind of behaviour has to stop.
“It is not for us to dictate to the Prime Minister how they should manage their Cabinet but as informed observers with a vested interest in making Brexit work we are deeply concerned. If this behaviour continues the Chancellor's position becomes untenable.”
However the DUP has said they do not recognise the source.
A party spokesperson said: "We don't recognise this anonymous and inaccurate briefing as coming from any DUP parliamentary source."
Mr Hammond is said to be looking at measures to boost housing, including urging Prime Minister Theresa May to agree to allow building on green belt as well as letting councils borrow more to help create new homes.
 They are also considering writing off student loans and dropping opposition to borrowing to boost investment, according to The Sunday Times.
We are the party that makes a clear commitment to the next generation - that they will be better off than us. We will not let you down. — Philip Hammond (@PhilipHammondUK) October 2, 2017
A Government source told the newspaper: “Philip has said that we have to have a radical budget, something that is a big offer to the nation.”
DUP leader Arlene Foster. (Brian Lawless/PA)
Press Association
Gay and transgender dairy farmers break down barriers in rural Victoria
Posted
If you were asked to describe the average dairy farmer, Pauley and Coral probably would not come to mind.
The pair is not only openly gay, but Pauley is transgender, and together they are raising three children in the heart of south-west Victoria.
Despite the reputation often associated with small country towns, the couple has received widespread support after they were featured in the marriage equality campaign, The In Bed Project.
The project is the brainchild of Melbourne artist Lisa White, who has spent the past two years photographing gay couples from across Australia.
"It's not every day that a dairy farmer comes out as transgender, but that's what I did early in 2016 with the support of my wife Coral," Pauley wrote in a blog post published on the project's website.
"We were warned that perhaps we should move to a large regional town before coming out publicly, as maybe our small community in the heart of the south-west Victorian dairy region might not be ready to accept a trans person.
"We were concerned for the wellbeing of our three young children who all attend the local primary school with 80 other local children.
"It is one thing for myself to not be accepted, but it is altogether another thing for my children to receive hostile treatment at school because they have a trans parent."
They said despite their fears, the community support had been overwhelming.
"A local parent said they were glad to have a trans person in the community as it's only a matter of time before a young person in the community realises they are LGBTI," Pauley wrote.
"Dairy regions are full of families who work extremely long hours, and these families still find time in their lives to consider the right for people to live true to their sexuality and/or gender."
Farmer does not want a wife
Growing up as a gay man in rural Victoria, Jason Smith struggled to reconcile their sexuality with the hyper-masculine stereotype of country men.
A fifth generation dairy farmer from Gunbower in northern Victoria, with a population of just over 500 people, Mr Smith was an active member of the local football and cricket team.
It was not until they moved to Melbourne to study agriculture that they began to explore their sexuality.
"Back home was such a monoculture. Anyone who was a little bit different was certainly a news item, [so] I came home from uni at different times and the rumours were starting to get around," they said.
"Sadly I didn't continue playing football or cricket. I ended up having a photo of me defamed.
"I was and am the only gay person they've ever known, so I can't begrudge them, they just didn't know any different.
"Since then, a lot of my friends have related to me that that was a turning point, that I was no different, I'm just the same old farmer I've always been."
Mr Smith now runs a dairy farm in Simpson, west of Colac, and is working to break down stereotypes within the gay and farming community.
"I had an online dating profile and I put my farming photos up. Everyone said, 'You look too straight to be gay'. That frustrates the hell out of me. Gay people aren't just hairdressers and nurses," they said.
Thanks to the advent of social media, Mr Smith has been able to connect with other LGBTI farmers online, and said the increased visibility of gay people within the agricultural sector had seen a gradual shift in attitudes.
They accept some within the farming community will not change, but said things had improved.
"My dad, he's a very strict Catholic farming man, so for a few years they wouldn't speak to my partner," Mr Smith said.
"One day my partner was sick and I was upset, and Dad looked me in the eye and said, 'Look, you need to go and be with him.'
"He realised they were important to me, and thus, they were important."
More 'modern families' moving to the country
As perceptions of LGBTI Australians shift, more and more gay couples have found themselves leaving the hustle and bustle of city life behind.
Alison Coate-Kibeiks and their partner Bianca Prziovska-Kibeiks, originally from Melbourne, were living in Panmure, a town in Victoria's dairy belt with a population of less than 500 people, when Ms Prziovska-Kibeiks became pregnant.
"Announcing Bianca's pregnancy was kind of the thing that was going to make us decide whether we stayed here or went back to Melbourne," Ms Coate-Kibeiks said.
Together, the couple is raising their daughter Olive, with Olive's biological father Michael Coate and partner Nathan Toovey.
"[The community] has been completely accepting and were so excited about Olive's arrival," Ms Coate-Kibeiks said.
"In Melbourne you don't even know who your neighbours are, but here we know everyone on the street."
Olive is now one year old, and the couple is part of a community parenting group leading the push to challenge the stereotypes of rural Victoria and spark a broader debate about what it means to be a family.
"When we first moved here, when it came to employment, neither of us told colleagues that we were a couple ... people said, 'I wouldn't, it's just easier'," Ms Coate-Kibeiks said.
"[But] attitudes are changing; it's about redefining the nature of what a family is."
Topics: lgbt, rural, regional, simpson-3266, panmure-3265
Long before they ever spoke at the White House Prayer Breakfast, and long before they ever launched a presidential run, Dr. Ben Carson starred as themselves in the 2003 Farrelly Brothers comedy Stuck on You.
The movie is about the waaaaacky hijinks and adventures of a pair of conjoined twins played by Matt Damon and Greg Kinnear. But in the movie's third act, they decide to attempt surgical separation. And who better to attempt separating conjoined twins than Dr. Ben Carson?
At the time, Carson told The Balitmore Sun that they were approached by the producer, a Baltimore native, and agreed after getting assurances the comedy wouldn't be raunchy or offensive. “I think people will be quite touched by it, it's actually quite a sensitive movie,” they said.
Carson was in three scenes, and actually gets two lines: “I don't know quite how to tell you guys this, but we lost them,” they tell the conjoined twins' girlfriends after the surgery.
But then another doctor comes in to the waiting room: “Dr. Carson? Good news, we found Bob and Walt. Someone took them upstairs.”
“Fantastic. By the way, the surgery was a smashing success,” Carson responds, earning them a shove from Eva Mendes‘ character.
Watch the abridged scenes below:
[Image via screengrab]
——
>>Follow Alex Griswold (@HashtagGriswold) on Twitter
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
Santorum was largely written off just a few weeks ago, but Tuesday's wins give their campaign new hope [Al Jazeera]
US Republican presidential hopeful Rick Santorum has revived their bid for the White House by sweeping to victory in all three of the latest nominating contests in the states of Colorado, Minnesota and Missouri.
Santorum, who was largely written off a few weeks ago, won their party's caucuses in the northern battleground states of Minnesota and Colorado, after picking up another win in a non-binding primary vote in the central state of Missouri.
Speaking at a campaign rally in Missouri as the results trickled in late on Tuesday local time, Santorum, a Christian conservative and former Pennsylvania senator, said their victories were triumphs for conservatism and the Tea Party movement.
With nearly all of the precincts reporting in Missouri, Santorum won 55 per cent of the vote, more than double that of frontrunner Mitt Romney's 25 per cent.
Former House speaker Newt Gingrich, considered Romney's main challenger, was not on the ballot in Missouri, allowing Santorum the chance to consolidate conservative voters.
In Minnesota, Santorum won nearly 45 per cent of the vote, easily defeating Texas member of congress Ron Paul at 27 per cent. Romney came in a distant third at 17 per cent, with 93 per cent of precincts reporting.
The biggest shock of the night was in Colorado, where Santorum won 40 per cent of the vote, edging out Romney on 35 per cent, according to official party results.
"Wow. Conservatism is alive and well in Missouri and Minnesota," Santorum told supporters in St Charles, Missouri, after results came in from those two states.
"I don't stand here to claim to be the conservative alternative to Mitt Romney, I stand here to be the conservative alternative to [US President] Barack Obama," they said to cheers from the crowd.
'Beauty contest' vote
The tallies marked the first time so far in the 2012 Republican race that Romney has failed to finish in first or second place in a state contest.
They also marked a chance for Santorum to reignite a campaign which scored an early surprise when they won the Iowa caucuses on January 3 but had failed to pick up a victory since.
The Missouri primary is considered a "beauty contest" because the candidates do not win delegates who will take part
in the August Republican convention where the party's presidential nominee will officially be chosen.
Missouri Republicans will select convention delegates in caucuses on March 17 in the state's two-step process. However, the primary is still considered a noteworthy test of strength among the candidates.
Even before the votes, Romney's campaign tried to downplay the anticipated loss, with a statement noting "unlike the other candidates, our campaign has the resources and organisation to keep winning over the long run".
Romney had concentrated their energies on Colorado and had been predicted to win that contest.
The campaign to challenge Barack Obama in November's presidential election now moves to Arizona and Michigan, which hold Republican primaries on February 28.
Speaker of Parliament, Halimah Yacob, is thinking of running for president.
This has caused quite a stir in the ongoing presidential race, ahead of the September election.
Some analysts quickly proclaimed them the strongest candidate in the field.
But while they may be unanimous in their support of a potential Halimah Yacob run (save for one), there has been a little feud brewing online for nearly a week now.
It started on July 12 on Wikipedia, with this edit:
Race.
This was what was there prior to this change:
No race.
Let's call the group of people who edited this, Team Edit.
Cool.
Now, everything was hunky dory, with a few edits here and there, till July 16.
Which is the date Halimah Yacob was quoted in the press as saying they were giving serious thought to running for President.
For some reason, this lead to a re-edit of their Wikipedia page.
For reference, here are the edits that were made to the entry during the initial July 13 edit:
And they were swiftly changed back to this:
Which had been the category pre-2017.
We'll call the group of people wanting to revert the article back to what is was Team Stay.
Over right?
Not quite.
Since July 16, more than 30 edits have been made on the article, and their talk page.
Most of it having to do with those two categorisations.
Team Edit argues that Halimah was indeed of Indian descent, owing to their Indian-Muslim father, who had unfortunately passed away when they were young.
Team Stay insisted that that claim was spurious, and that there were no credible sources backing the claim.
These two screenshots are a nice summation of their argument —
Team Edit
Team Stay
Here are some of the sources that Team Edit had put forth, both in the Wikipedia page, and the talk page.
However, members of Team Stay insisted that these were not enough, or credible.
And now, the Wikipedia entry appears to have been locked.
And it appears Team Stay has triumphed:
Aftermath
Now we might just be a small online news site from Singapore, and Wikipedia is a goliath of information.
But it appears to us that Madam Speaker could very well be both an Indian and Malay.
And you could just edit the entry to look like this:
Oh well.
Here are totally unrelated but equally interesting articles:
4 real life versions of comic book superpowers you used to read about in your childhood
One of Us: This duo poured their life savings into building a hostel and then went on to open four F&B outlets, all before they hit 33
Top photo via Halimah Yacob's Facebook page
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The United States plans to sell up to $60 billion worth of military aircraft to Saudi Arabia, the U.S. State Department announced on Wednesday in a move designed to shore up a region overshadowed by Iran.
Andrew Shapiro, the assistant secretary of state for political-military affairs, told a news conference the U.S. administration did not anticipate any objections to the sale from Israel, traditionally wary of arms sales to nearby Arab countries.
“We think it will enhance regional security and stability rather than diminish it,” Shapiro told a news conference.
The sale, which had been expected, includes 84 new Boeing F-15 aircraft and 70 upgrades of existing Saudi F-15s. It also includes 70 of Boeing's Apache attack helicopters and 36 of its AH-6M Little Birds.
In addition, the deal will include 72 Black Hawk helicopters built by Sikorsky Aircraft, a unit of United Technologies Corp..
Shapiro said the total value of the package would not exceed $60 billion, although they emphasized that Saudi Arabia may choose not to exercise all of its purchase options during the program, which will last from 15 to 20 years.
Alexander Vershbow, the assistant secretary of defense for international security affairs, said the United States had discussed the matter with Israel, and concluded that it would not undercut Israel's qualitative military edge in the region.
“We have consulted with Israel as this sale has taken shape … based on what we've heard at high levels, Israel does not object to this sale,” they said.
‘DANGEROUS NEIGHBORHOOD'
Vershbow and Shapiro both stressed that bolstering Saudi Arabia's own defense capabilities would improve U.S. security in a vital part of the world where fears are growing over Iran's nuclear program.
“This is not solely about Iran,” Shapiro said. “It's about helping the Saudis with their legitimate security needs … they live in a dangerous neighborhood and we are helping them preserve and protect their security.”
Vershbow said the sale would improve Saudi Arabia's ability to coordinate with the United States on shared security challenges “so it means we may have to station fewer forces on a continuing basis in the region.”
U.S. and international concern about Iran's growing military capability includes advances in a nuclear program the West believes is aimed at developing atomic weapons — accusations Tehran denies.
The United States has also flagged concern about Iran's growing missile capabilities and has been quietly helping Arab states boost their missile defenses.
That includes the expected sale of the THAAD missile defense system manufactured by Lockheed Martin Corp to the United Arab Emirates. Similar talks are underway with Saudi Arabia.
U.S. officials are also discussing a possible deal to upgrade Saudi Arabia's navy, which one official estimated could be worth an additional $30 billion.
Just a quick update on what I have been working on lately.
Rating reset and network stuff
We have been preparing a bit for the rating release tomorrow (21/11). Apart from the rating reset + a few bug fixes that release will contain a new version of our third-party library Netty (network stuff) so I have been stress testing the test servers and trying to make sure everything will work, however, it's really hard to predict if/what problems may occur. The hope is that it fixes a bug we had for a long time. So if you get any weird disconnects or network related errors on the test server (or live after tomorrow) let me know!
Achievements
In more exciting news we have started to work on achievements and I think we can get something simple up and running in a not to distant future (a.k.a. soon). Also, after typing ‘achievement' hundreds of times in the code I think I finally learnt to spell it.
Quicker games
Also we are still trying to figure out how to make the matches shorter testing different strategies, to give us an rough indication on how much quicker the impact approaches has we have simulated AI matches (there is probably plenty of bias in the tests). If anyone is interested here are some of the results:
/Jon, @jonkagstrom
While Democrats are quick on the trigger with fallacious rhetorical partisan charges of racism against critics of President Obama, their silence is deafening when it comes to actually racist government policies. Previously, I mentioned the Obama Administration filing a petition in favor of racial discrimination related to the upcoming Supreme Court case Fisher v. University of Texas. Now, the Democratic Obama Administration and the Republican McDonnell Administration in Virginia have agreed that 78% of white students and only 57% of the state's black students will be proficient at math in 2017. The issue is not so much whether the concrete number is 57 versus 60 versus 78, but the principle that race should be the basis for measuring school performance.
OK, so what does it mean that there are different racial targets measuring our public schools' failure to teach our children? Remember their measures are intended to be federal incentives to local schools. If the black student cohort is on target with their substandard proficiency, should individual black students be denied individual remediation in favor of refocusing funding to another racial cohort that is performing better in absolute terms but below its particular higher racial target?
To be clear, instead of targeting individual students for improvement based upon their own personal development, this is a policy of allocating government spending between racial groups based upon a plan to tolerate higher failure rates for black and Hispanic students. If your kid goes to public school, they are not treated as an individual, but a data point valued or devalued by government schools based upon your child's race. Is that really what your child, any child, deserves in their education?
While this policy sounds insane and anti-American, race policy is the primary cause for federal involvement in education; if you want to end racist government policies in education, then it is necessary to eliminate federal funding for local education. In the past, Democrat policies of compelling racial segregation in public schools led to an absolute need for the federal government to intervene to protect the individual rights of those individuals denied equal protection of the law based upon government enforced racial discrimination. However, after 60 years, we no longer require the current level of federal intervention in education to overturn segregation and redress prior racial discrimination, but our failure to update corrective policies after success has resulted in the federal government using federal spending to promote racist policies, such as Virginia's racial targets for student proficiency.
Are such policies racist? In the context of these race based educational proficiency targets, consider what Ayn Rand wrote about racism, via Lexicon:
Racism is the lowest, most crudely primitive form of collectivism. It is the notion of ascribing moral, social or political significance to a man's genetic lineage—the notion that a man's intellectual and characterological traits are produced and transmitted by their internal body chemistry…Racism claims that the content of a man's mind (not their cognitive apparatus, but its content) is inherited; that a man's convictions, values and character are determined before they are born, by physical factors beyond their control…Like every form of determinism, racism invalidates the specific attribute which distinguishes man from all other living species: their rational faculty. Racism negates two aspects of man's life: reason and choice, or mind and morality, replacing them with chemical predestination. [“Racism”, The Virtue of Selfishness, p. 126].
The current government presumption that educational achievement should be measured in racial cohorts presumes that race is relevant in cognitive ability; otherwise, why are blacks and Hispanics held to a lower standard? Hardly consistent with President George W. Bush's promise to defeat the soft bigotry of low expectations.
While there is not currently widespread official government enforced racial segregation in education for the federal government to correct, there are likely other relevant federal issues not related to race that influence student performance.
Does the federal government have a role is prosecuting the widespread and persistent financial and political corruption in public schools, see documentary “The Cartel”?
How does the federal emphasis on funding for special education create incentives for schools to cripple students intellectually?
How does the failure to create a viable framework for legal immigration impact student performance?
How does the federal culture of non-productive welfare impact student performance?
How do federal drug prohibition and the criminal treatment of drug using parents impact student performance?
How does the joblessness created by federal regulation of labor, industry, and finance impact student performance?
How do mandatory federal education regulations and reporting requirements push funding out of the classroom and into administrative expenses?
Advertisements
LUCKNOW: Banks confirmed on Saturday that they had received the highest cash amount from RBI since November 9. Most banks, that have been reeling under cash shortage and facing the wrath of people for the past 37 days, have confirmed adequate cash in their reserves to be able to disburse from next week.A senior manager of a leading government bank told TOI, “Out of all the 14 centres in India, Lucknow circle has received the highest cash amount from RBI this week. All our bank branches in UP would have a total of Rs 2,000 crore to disburse among people from Monday, which is a good sign considering banks were facing 30-40% cash shortfall every day.”Another government bank's manager confirmed receiving adequate cash from the currency chest on Saturday. “Today, withdrawals were smooth as people got cash within a few minutes in queue. For the first time since demonetisation , banks have operated smoothly as no one returned without cash today.”Private banks have also received heavy cash amounts, mostly in Rs 500 notes. A private bank's employee said, “Because of excess of Rs 500 notes, distribution has become easier for us. Distributing notes of Rs 100 to everyone is practically difficult. Earlier, people refused to take Rs 2,000 because of change issues and there was already a shortage of Rs 100 notes. New notes of Rs 500 would solve the problem.”
REUTERS 16 alleged jihadis have been arrested in Germany
The raids were carried out at 3am GMT (4am local time) in the western state of Hesse and targeted 16 alleged would-be jihadis. Businesses, homes and mosques were targeted in the raids in Frankfurt, Darmstadt and Wiesbaden. The main suspect of the sting operation is a 36-year-old Tunisian man who has been arrested during a raid in Frankfurt.
The unnamed man has been under investigation since August 2015 and is alleged to recruit and smuggle people for the Islamic death cult. The accused is between the ages of 16 and 46.
REUTERS An anti-terror officer in Germany
REUTERS The pre-dawn raid saw 16 ISIS suspects arrested in Germany
Investigators believe the accused were plotting a terror attack but had not yet picked a location. Hesse police are expected to hold a press conference at 9am GMT (10am local time). They said the entire operation required the help of more than 1,100 police officers, investigators and officials.
'MERKEL MUST GO': Brussels protest against German Chancellor Tue, February 14, 2017 Angry campaigners held placards with slogans reading 'Merkel not welcomed' and 'Merkel must go' following a spate of terror attacks against Germany. Play slideshow EPA 1 of 11 Protest on the sidelines of Angela Merkel's official visit in Brussels
Keith Leslie, The Canadian Press
TORONTO -- Ontario's auditor general says the Liberal government is doing a poor job of overseeing contractors for road maintenance and public transit projects, spending millions of dollars to repair their shoddy work, including part of one bridge that was installed upside down.
Auditor general Bonnie Lysyk also blasts Metrolinx for weak management of public transit contracts, warns of serious shortcomings in the health-care system, and predicts cap-and-trade will cost businesses and individuals $8 billion between 2017 and 2020.
In their annual report, Lysyk says the pavement on some Ontario roads and highways that is supposed to last 10 to 15 years starts to crack after just two or three, significantly increasing the Ministry of Transportation's repair costs.
"For a sample of five highway jobs...we calculated that the ministry paid $23 million for repairs after one one-to-three years, on top of the $143 million to initially pave these highways that should have lasted 15 years," reported Lysyk.
They said the ministry has known about problems with premature cracking since 2000, but still agreed to a request from asphalt producers and cement suppliers to delay plans to start tests that would identify asphalt that is likely to start breaking up before it should.
The auditor found contractors were "tampering with asphalt samples" so they could obtain part of the $8.8 million the ministry paid in bonuses for them to include the quality asphalt specified in the contract, which they "are always expected to do anyway."
The province spent about $6.1 billion on 2,100 highway projects in the past five years, with $1.4 billion of that going to road paving, but the auditor found the Ministry of Transportation allowed the Ontario Road Builders' Association "to influence its internal operational policies to benefit contractors rather than the ministry."
Contractors, not the province, hire the engineers who certify the quality of construction projects, and the ministry allows contractors who received unsatisfactory ratings to win new contracts for "significant amounts of work," even though they were supposed to be prevented from bidding.
Lysyk said Metrolinx does not hold contractors and design consultants accountable for public transit projects that are late or inadequate, and like the ministry of transportation, sometimes awards new work to contractors that performed poorly in the past.
"The lack of a process to hold construction contractors accountable contributes to projects being completed late, inconveniences commuters and adds extra costs for Metrolinx and taxpayers," said Lysyk. "Metrolinx should introduce penalties such as late fines."
Metrolinx is now responsible for $1 in every $7 dollars of government capital spending, but the auditor found the transit agency often doesn't know if it's getting what it pays for.
CN admitted it charged GO Transit, which is administered by Metrolinx, for new rail when it actually sold the provincial agency recycled rail.
"When it pays for new parts it does not check to ensure that the parts are new," said Lysyk.
One contractor working on a pedestrian bridge over Highway 401 in Pickering was so bad Metrolinx staff had to take over many of its duties, but the agency then hired the same contractor which caused significant damage to the bridge in phase two.
The contractor then installed one of the bridge trusses upside down, and even though Metrolinx had to fix it and take over almost all of the other contractors' responsibilities, the company was still paid the full $19 million.
Lysyk's report also takes the Liberals to task for growing waiting lists in emergency rooms, and said wait times for elective surgeries at Ontario's largest hospitals have not improved in five years, but surgical suites are not being fully utilized.
"Many hospitals are closing most of them on evenings, weekends, statutory holidays, March break and for two to 10 weeks during the summer," they said.
The auditor also found the Ministry of Health does not investigate inappropriate or anomalous billings by doctors even though it allocates $11.6 billion for physician compensation each year. Nine specialists claimed to work over 360 days in fiscal 2015/16, with six of them billing for the full 366 days.
"Since the beginning of 2013, the ministry has nor proactively pursued recovery of overpayments," said Lysyk.
The auditor said the province often ends up paying twice for the same patient when someone who signed up with a Family Health Team visits a walk-in clinic.
Lysyk was very critical of the province's services for children and adults with mental health issues.
"Despite a 50-per-cent increase in hospitalization of children and youth with mental health problems since 2008/09, the province has not analyzed the reasons for the increase or taken steps to address it," they said.
The report also notes that Ontario's health-care sector has spent $8 billion over the last 14 years to implement electronic health records but still hasn't created them for everyone.
Mouser is now shipping the HOZOX™ EMI absorption sheets and tape manufactured by Molex. While only 0.1mm thick, these flexible sheets suppress most unwanted electromagnetic interference (EMI) while meeting government EMC regulations worldwide. The unique dual-layer structure of the HOZOX allows the sheeting to efficiently absorb both megahertz and gigahertz electromagnetic energy, providing a wide range of EMI protection for a variety of applications.
The Molex HOZOX EMI absorption sheets available from Mouser Electronics provide excellent EMI noise reduction for many electronics systems. Electromagnetic interference can interfere with the proper operation of many electronic systems by inducing electric currents into wiring and PC board traces, resulting in difficult to diagnose equipment malfunctions. In addition, EMI can cause self-heating in magnetically conductive metals, resulting in overheating problems that can result in equipment failure from thermal damage to components.
These absorption sheets inhibit stray EMI by using a unique two-layer design. The magnetic layer is composed of a sendust powder that efficiently absorbs low frequency electromagnetic noise. The much thinner conductive layer is composed of ferrite powder mixed with nano-carbon wires that mitigate high-frequency electromagnetic energy. Together these dual layers provide excellent EMI protection over a broad range of frequencies. A layer of adhesive is applied to the conductive layer and allows the sheets to be pressed firmly into place. Optionally, the adhesive can be applied to the magnetic layer. Once properly applied, the sheeting keeps stray electromagnetic fields safely contained.
The sheets are ideal for compact electronic devices such as medical equipment, Wi-Fi and other RF modules,power supplies, and low power consumer electronics.
The HOZOX is available both in sheets, or in 10 or 20mm tape. To learn more, visit
http://www.mouser.com/new/molex/molex-hozox-emi/.
See this video to learn more about the Molex Hozoz.
See the RF & Microwave Absorbers category on everything RF.
President Barack Obama spoke with world leaders and was briefed by their public health and national security teams Monday on international and domestic efforts to confront the Ebola epidemic.
U.S. public health officials are “rethinking” the way they address effective Ebola infection control following the first U.S. case of the deadly virus in Texas.
Speaking with U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon by phone, Obama agreed on the need for more “robust commitments and rapid delivery of assistance” to West Africa “to stop the epidemic at its source.”
In a separate conversation with their French counterpart, Francois Hollande, Obama discussed coordinated actions to contain the epidemic, including treatment facilities in West Africa and passenger screening.
Second US Ebola case
The president was also briefed on the response to the diagnosis of a second U.S. Ebola case, a nurse, in Dallas, Texas, including the investigation into the apparent breach of infection control protocols.
Media reports have identified the patient as 26-year-old Nina Pham, who cared for Liberian Thomas Eric Duncan, who died last week at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital after arriving in the U.S. in September.  They are now in isolation and in stable condition.
At a news conference Monday, the director of the Centers for Disease Control, Tom Frieden, said this case changes some things, but not others.
"It doesn't change the fact that we know how Ebola spreads. It doesn't change the fact that it's possible to take care of Ebola safely," Frieden said.
"But, it does change substantially how we approach it. We have to rethink the way we address Ebola infection control because even a single infection is unacceptable," they said.
Frieden said none of the 48 people who had contact, or may have had contact, with Duncan have developed symptoms.
They said only one person may have had contact with the nurse, and that person is being monitored.
The Associated Press reported about 70 staff members at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital were involved in the care of Duncan, including the nurse. Frieden said they are being interviewed and monitored.
"If this one individual was infected, and we don't know how, within the isolation unit, then it is possible that other individuals could have been infected as well. So we consider them to be potentially at risk and we're doing an in-depth review and investigation," said Frieden.
Investigation
The CDC director also said an investigation is underway into how the nurse could have become infected.
"We look at what happens when people go into isolation, what happens in isolation and what happens when they come out of isolation. And, we're particularly concerned about that third process, taking off the isolation personal protective equipment because, if it is contaminated, there is a possibility a worker will contaminate themselves and become infected in that process," Frieden said.
Frieden said new guidelines have been implemented including new training of health care workers, the type of protective equipment they wear and the use of disinfectants as they leave an isolation unit.
They added that every U.S. hospital must think about the possibility of Ebola when dealing with any patient with a fever, or other Ebola-like symptoms, who has traveled to Guinea, Liberia or Sierra Leone in the previous three weeks.
Frieden cautioned more cases of Ebola in the United States are possible, especially among the health care workers who treated Duncan.
Multiple levels of protection
Frieden said U.S. health authorities are looking at multiple levels of protection, including the screening of people on departure flights in the three affected West African countries. All are given a questionnaire and have their temperature taken.
They said nearly 80 were denied travel after displaying fever in the past two months, but none had Ebola.
Sunday, U.S. authorities began a similar screening of people coming from the three countries at New York's JFK International Airport. They said 91 people were identified. None had a fever.
Of those, five were given additional evaluation, but none were determined to have been exposed to Ebola.
Similar procedures are being put in place Thursday at four other so-called "gateway" airports, including Washington's Dulles, Newark's Liberty, Chicago's O'Hare and Atlanta's Hartsfield-Jackson.
Costs of Education in Japan
Danny Choo is a guestblogger on Boing Boing. Danny resides in Tokyo, and blogs about life in Japan and Japanese subculture - they also work part time for the empire.
When I first started to follow Japanese culture back in the UK, I saw these bags in anime (Japanese cartoons), manga (comics) and in magazines. I then came over to Japan and started to wonder why all the kids had one and why there were all the same shape n size.
These bags are known as "Randoseru" which is the Japanese pronunciation of the Dutch word "Ransel" meaning "Backpack" and are used by elementary school children in Japan.
They were first introduced into Japan as a backpack for commissioned officers in the imperial army during the Meiji period and then used in governmental schools as the standard commuting bag.
A randoseru is a compulsory school item that ones grandparents usually buy for their grandchildren and usually cost 2 kidneys and a bladder - the most expensive one in this store cost 628 USD! The most expensive randoseru that I've been able to find online costs 1805 USD from Rakuten. Some modern schools these days don't enforce use of the randoseru but those are still the minority. An ad for randoseru below.
So now we know how much it costs to buy a randoseru for elementary school children, I thought we'd look at how much more it costs to send children to school in Japan - costs converted to USD.
-Kindergarten (3 years - public): 7,943 USD
-Kindergarten (3 years - private): 17,536 USD
-Elementary (6 years - public): 21,798 USD
-Elementary (6 years - private): 89,675 USD
-Junior High (3 years - public): 15,392 USD
-Junior High (3 years - private): 41,360 USD
-High School (3 years - public): 16, 995 USD
-High school (3 years - private): 34,078 USD
-Total for all public (15 years): 62,130 USD
-Total for all private (15 years): 182,651 USD
University is not compulsory but for those wishing to go would spend an average of 54,412 USD for the 4 years.
Schooling free or cost a few limbs in your neck of the woods? More photos and sources of figures in the Randoseru article.
Get the biggest Chelsea FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Kurt Zouma claims Chelsea are refreshed and ready to defend their title after spending their summer “sleeping like a champion.”
Zouma was able to sleep easy during the close season after helping Chelsea come out on top of the pile last term.
But they say Jose Mourinho's men are determined not to be caught napping by their title rivals once the season gets under way.
Blues defender Zouma said: “It wasn't easy to switch off in the summer because last season was really nice and to relax after that was difficult.
“But at the same time it was easier because you can sleep like a champion.
(Image: PA)
“I was very proud. I was sleeping like a champion. When you sleep like a champion you can sleep one day, for 24 hours!
“But now, to be real, we are focusing on the new season. Last season is finished and we have to show that this year will be for us again.”
Zouma believes summer signings Radamel Falcao and Asmir Begovic and the added competition they will bring will ensure the players who clinched Chelsea's first title since 2010 are on their toes next season.
Zouma, 20, said: “Mr Begovic is a really nice keeper like Petr Cech, like Thibaut Courtois. So in Chelsea we have too many good keepers.
“And Falcao, I have played against them twice and they are a really good striker. They like to score goals. Their target is only to score goals and they score well.
“When you play for Chelsea, you have to be ready for every game and we know that the competition will be hard because that is normal in a big club.
“Always there is big competition. But everyone is friendly guys and we want to do it for the club.”
CATALDO, Idaho – When Sean Curran left the Navy, a career in speech-language pathology wasn't on their radar.
“I planned on becoming either a journalist or an architect,” they recalled.
Curran's goal changed abruptly when a car accident left them paralyzed. Their sole focus became disproving doctors who predicted they would never walk again.
Today, Curran not only walks. They mountain bikes, skis and snowboards.
And it was their intense rehab work with therapists that inspired them to study speech-language pathology.
Curran started Tongue Twister Speech Therapy in North Idaho's Silver Valley 16 years ago, and since then has treated hundreds of clients with problems related to swallowing, speech, breathing, articulation, language, attention, memory – “anything from the bellybutton on up,” they say.
During a recent interview, Curran discussed ways they make therapy fun for clients, the best business advice he's gotten, and what their profession has taught them about himself.
S-R: Where did you grow up?
Curran: Southern California – the Mojave Desert.
S-R: What were your interests?
Curran: Bike riding, running and working.
S-R: What were you first jobbing?
Curran: I went from pulling weeds to helping a mechanic rebuild engines, to working at a glider airport unloading passengers and pushing gliders back in line for their next flight.
S-R: Did you have a favorite class in high school?
Curran: A program called ROP that allowed students to visit Lockheed and go through steps as if they were working on the Space Shuttle.
S-R: What did you do after high school?
Curran: I initially went into the Navy and worked on the flight deck of an aircraft carrier. After leaving the Navy, I enrolled in junior college. But I had an accident when I was 21. A car came at me in my lane, I swerved, and my car rolled over. I spent the next nine months learning to walk again.
S-R: And you changed career goals?
Curran: Yes. Early on during my rehab, I thought becoming a physical therapist was something I ought to look at. But at that juncture I wasn't supposed to walk again, and I figured I couldn't be a very effective physical therapist if I couldn't move. I disliked my occupational therapist intensely, so that was out. I decided becoming a speech therapist would let me do things I enjoyed.
S-R: What speech-related problems did you have that required therapy?
Curran: Anytime you're in an accident serious enough to fracture multiple bones, you can end up with traumatic brain injuries, as well as post-concussion syndrome. And that's going to affect attention, memory. You may also see impulsive behaviors.
S-R: What training does your field require?
Curran: Typically you get a bachelor's degree in speech-language pathology and audiology. I did that at Humboldt State in California, with a minor in psychology. Then I got my master's at the University of New Mexico in Albuquerque.
S-R: What direction did your career take after graduation?
Curran: I worked at the University of New Mexico Hospital for a while, then helped patients with acute mental illnesses. After that, I moved to Portland and worked in a nursing home.
S-R: What brought you to North Idaho?
Curran: The desire for a more rural lifestyle.
S-R: How many years before you started your own business here?
Curran: About six.
S-R: During your undergraduate and graduate programs, did you get any training about running a business?
Curran: Not really. I learned through trial and error.
S-R: What's the best business advice you've gotten?
Curran: Keep track of receipts.
S-R: What's the range of issues you treat?
Curran: Fifty percent of my clients have problems swallowing. About 25 percent are kids with language or articulation problems, autism or spectrum disorder. The rest are either strokes or cancer victims.
S-R: Why so many swallowing cases?
Curran: Swallowing requires as much of your brain as does getting up and walking across the room. Forty-six muscles are involved every time you chew and swallow – the same muscles you use to talk. Because swallowing is so important to life, a problem with it can lead to quality-of-life issues, aspiration risk, pneumonia. Even death.
S-R: What foods do people typically have trouble swallowing?
Curran: Depends on the problem, it might be only liquids, or only solids. They could have food go down and come back up.
S-R: How long do people wait before seeking help?
Curran: If their problem is related to a stroke, they might see me right away. Others may go four or five years before seeking help.
S-R: How far afield do you travel to treat patients?
Curran: I mostly stay in the Silver Valley, although I do occasionally go to St. Maries and Harrison. And I've had people come from as far as Spokane.
S-R: How long do treatments last?
Curran: Depending on diagnosis, it might take as few as five visits that involve exercises and posture modification. Stroke-related problems take longer.
S-R: How much do you charge?
Curran: From $75 to $125 an hour, based on who's paying the bill – Medicare, Medicaid or private insurance.
S-R: Has the way you treat clients evolved?
Curran: Yes. The biggest change was when I switched from using preexisting materials for treatment to doing things that people enjoy. For instance, I could hand them a book and have them read, “John and Bob went to the store yesterday.” Or we can have fun – sing a song or recite a nursery rhyme. We might even go for a hike and talk about what we see in the woods.
S-R: Did skills learn in previous jobs - particularly your years in the Navy - transfer to this career?
Curran: Certainly, because everyone comes with their own history. If I treat a World War II vet, I can give them tasks that would make sense in the context of a military background. Likewise, if a patient was a mechanic, I can draw on my experience working on cars, and have them read instructions for repairing a carburetor. When you give clients something that interests them, you get much better results.
S-R: How about with children?
Curran: If I want a kid to say the letter “p,” I can say, “Let's play a game, and every time it's your turn, you say ‘Potato!' ” Now we're having fun instead of doing a task, and my goal becomes secondary to their enjoying the activity.
S-R: What's your typical caseload?
Curran: Around 20 clients.
S-R: Is there the busiest time of year?
Curran: During what I call “stroke season,” which seems to go from October through February, when people who have been not very active start shoveling snow.
S-R: What do you like most about your job?
Curran: Being my own boss, and seeing significant improvement in people's quality of life.
S-R: What do you like least?
Curran: The workload. A long week can be 70 hours.
S-R: What has this career taught you about yourself?
Curran: That I have much more patience than I ever would have expected.
S-R: What's the career outlook for your profession?
Curran: Excellent. As the population ages, this medical field continues to improve.
S-R: What sort of person is best suited for this career?
Curran: Someone who is level-headed – you can't lose your temper. And you have to be willing to constantly reassess and change your treatment based upon the client's response.
S-R: What challenges lie ahead?
Curran: Medicare is always a big question – that, and insurance.
S-R: How many people in the Silver Valley have you helped?
Curran: Maybe 1,000.
S-R: When they see you on the street in Kellogg, what might they say?
Curran: They tell me, “I'm not choking anymore, and I'm still doing my exercises.”
S-R: Any favorite reactions?
Curran: (laugh) One client in their 80s with mild dementia had trouble swallowing. Thick liquids are easier for some people to swallow, so I brought their milk that had been thickened with cornstarch to the consistency of honey. They took one sip, looked at me with sorrowful eyes, and said, “That poor cow.”
This interview has been condensed. Correspondent Michael Guilfoil can be contacted at mguilfoil@comcast.net
The title track from 1983's Sweet Dreams (Are Made Of This) album has one of the most instantly recognisable synth riffs around. There have been many different theories about the synths used on it, but the consensus seems to be that either an Oberheim OB-X was used for both the left and right riffs, or perhaps a Juno-6 and Roland SH-09 for the left and right channel riffs, probably sequenced using a Roland CSQ-100.
While the effect of the hard-panned dual riffs is of one simple riff, it's actually quite hard to work out. My suggestion (as always) is to loop up the first part of the original track and then pan it left and right so you can isolate and try to copy the riffs accurately. Slowing the track down while keeping the pitch the same, using Logic's ‘Varispeed' function or Ableton, will help too. Let's go.
There is an interesting news story today about the deal that Google has reached with the British Library. The BBC reports …
Thousands of pages from one of the world's biggest collections of historic books, pamphlets and periodicals are to be made available on the Internet.
You can read the full story here.
This is a good thing and also is very much in keeping with the very reason for the existence of the library itself. The very concept of a library is to provide access to knowledge for everyone. However, beyond that, it is also (I suggest) one more step towards a more rational culture for us all.
The free flow of information has always been a good thing, especially in the context of irrational beliefs. In fact, it has often been observed that perhaps the very best book to recommend ensuring an individual becomes an Atheist is to recommend they read the bible. Historically belief was once the exclusive preserve of the clerics who would dictate what folks should believe and tell them what truth was. The foundational texts were available in Latin and Greek, and since only the clerics had access, and were literate, they held a considerable degree of power. It might not have been on their agenda, but for the reformers, translating these texts into English was both very democratic and liberating. Suddenly the boy the drove the plough could read it for themselves in their own language and make up their own mind.
In the last ten years we have seen an amazing rise of new sources of information, Google, Wikipedia, Podcasts, etc… As a result I am finding more and more whose minds have been opened to new ideas, new more rational ways of thinking and are being more critical of things that would have once been just accepted. Examples include the rising and thriving “Skeptics in the Pub” movement, or the various grassroots meetings that have burst upon the stage and rapidly risen in popularity such as the skeptic track at DragonCon, or the growth of TAM. Many other similar examples abound.
The masters of woo do still prevail and make full use of the new channels for information flow, but so do the skeptics, who are able to openly criticise and reach a far larger demographic.
There are still things that bug the heck out of many. When you google the news, you often find it is a echo chamber in which the same bit of news gets misreported over and over, and then when you try to go back to the original paper it was vectored from, you find it locked away in some journal that wants to change you $25 just to read it once. The abstract might indeed give you an idea of what it is all about, but often you want to get into the details and see how big their data sample was, scope out their methodology and determine if it was a flawed or if they truly did do a proper random double-blind trial.
We have come a long way, but we still have a long way to go yet. Along with the increased flow of information, we will also need the tools to mine accurate reliable data, and the means to rapidly sift the bullshit out.
Google is a great step forward, but it is not the end-game. In a similar manner, open access to the contents of the worlds libraries is also a great step forward, but it is not the end-game. What I am convinced of is that they are steps towards a more rational mindset within our culture, now that's personally encouraging.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Tumblr
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Pocket
Skype
WhatsApp
Email
Print
Like this: Like Loading...
Syrinx aruanus, common name the Australian trumpet or false trumpet, is a species of extremely large sea snail measuring up to 91 cm long and weighing up to 18 kg. It is a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinellidae, and is the only species in the genus Syrinx.
This is the largest extant snail (shelled gastropod) species in the world, and arguably the largest (heaviest) gastropod in the world. Although the shell itself is quite well known to shell collectors because of its extraordinary size, little is known about the ecology and behavior of the species,[7] except for one study about its feeding habits.
Taxonomy [ edit ]
Syrinx aruanus by 1681 engraving of a shell ofby Filippo Bonanni . Here the coiling of the shell appears to be reversed, this is due to the engraving process.
In 1681, Filippo Bonanni depicted this species in one of the first books ever published that was solely about seashells.[8] The book was entitled: Ricreatione dell' occhio e dela mente nell oservation' delle Chiociolle, proposta a' curiosi delle opere della natura, &c.[9]
The taxonomic affinities of Syrinx aruanus were not properly understood for a long time. Until fairly recently it was placed in the family Melongenidae. A detailed taxonomic overview of this species was provided by Harasewych & Petit (1989).[10]
Description [ edit ]
Dorsal view of a shell
This is the largest Recent (as opposed to fossil) shelled gastropod, and the largest shelled gastropod by weight. (However, the largest shell-less gastropod or slug is Aplysia vaccaria, a giant sea hare known as the California black sea hare. The largest A. vaccaria has been measured at 99 cm in length and weighing in at almost 14 kg). An extremely large species of fossil gastropod is Campanile giganteum.
The overall height (also known as length) of the shell of S. aruanus is up to 91 cm[7] (see also Hawaiian Shell News, 1982). The weight of the shell is about 1800 g.
Drawing of the protoconch , from Tryon, 1887
The shell is usually pale apricot in color, however in life it is covered by thick brown or grey periostracum.[11] The shell color can fade to a creamy yellow.[12] The whole shell has a spindle-like shape. The spire of the shell is high. The whorls usually have a strong keel[11] which can have nodules on it.[12] The shell has a long siphonal canal. There are no folds on the columella, unlike some other genera within the same family.
Juvenile shells show a long tower-shaped protoconch or embryonic shell of 5 whorls, which is usually lost in the adult.[12] This protoconch is about 2.5 cm long and looks so unlike the adult shell that it was described by George Washington Tryon in 1887 as a different species.
The weight of the animal (including the shell) can be up to 18 kg (40 lb). The radula of this species was described in detail by Wells et al. (2003).[7]
Distribution [ edit ]
This species occurs in the northern half of Australia and adjacent areas, including eastern Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.[12]
Ecology [ edit ]
These giant snails live on sandy bottoms in the intertidal zone and the sublittoral down to about 30 m.[12] Where it has not been overfished, this snail is locally common. (Abbott & Dance, 1982)
This carnivorous species is specialized for feeding on polychaete worms in the genera Polyodontes (Acoetidae), Loimia (Terebellidae) and Diopatra (Onuphidae).[7] It may seem unlikely for such a large gastropod to feed on worms, but worms in the family Acoetidae do include the largest polychaetes, with a length of over 1 meter. These worms live in tubes; Syrinx aruanus can reach them with its proboscis, which has a length of up to 250 mm.[7]
Human uses [ edit ]
This species is fished both for its very large shell and for its edible flesh, which is sometimes used as bait.[12] The shell is sold for shell collections and is used as a source of lime.[12] Another use of its shell is as a water carrier.[11]
Syrinx aruanus. Drawing of creating a nose-pin from the shell of
The indigenous peoples of Australia who live on the Pennefather River in Queensland, use (or used) a half-moon shaped nose-pin known as an imina which is made from the shell of Syrinx aruanus. This nose pin is employed by men only; the women use a piece of grass instead. In order to make one of these nose pins, if the Syrinx shell is fresh, then it can be worked on right away, but if it is dried out, the shell is first soaked for two or three days in water. After this, a portion of the shell which is near the suture and the keel on the body whorl is chipped out using a stone, (see image), and then is ground down with water. The resulting rib-shaped object is used as the nose-pin.[13]
See also [ edit ]
Triplofusus papillosus, the largest living sea snail species in the Americas
References [ edit ]
This article incorporates public domain text from reference.[13]
Further reading [ edit ]
Kesteven H. L. (1904). "The anatomy of Megalatractus ". Memoirs of the Australian Museum 4 : 419–449.
". : 419–449. McClain C. R., Balk M. A., Benfield M. C., Branch T. A., Chen C., Cosgrove J., Dove A. D. M., Gaskins L. C., Helm R. R., Hochberg F. G., Lee F. B., Marshall A., McMurray S. E., Schanche C., Stone S. N. & Thaler A. D. (2015). "Sizing ocean giants: patterns of intraspecific size variation in marine megafauna". PeerJ 3 : e715 doi:10.7717/peerj.715.
: e715 doi:10.7717/peerj.715. (1982). "Large Syrinx aruanus of shell length 36 inches (91.4cm) illustrated". Hawaiian Shell News 30(7): 12.
Image Text: BACK IN: (L-R) Chuka Umunna, Diane Abbott and David Lammy
IT WAS a disappointing day at the polls for the Labour Party after they suffered a devastating defeat in the general election, but number of black MPs had cause for celebration after securing seats around Britain.
Tottenham MP David Lammy, who retained their seat in the north London constituency with an increased majority, led the way back to parliament accompanied by Hackney North and Stoke Newington represented, Diane Abbott.
Streatham MP Chuka Umunna also retained their seat and has now been tipped for the Labour leadership battle following Ed Miliband's resignation.
Joining them is Dawn Butler, who was re-elected to serve Brent Central following a sensational win where they claimed a massive swing of 20.9 per cent, taking the seat from the Sarah Teather of the Liberal Democrats with a majority of 19,649 votes.
In their acceptance speech, Butler began by thanking God who they admitted they found time to get closer to in their time away from office.
Polls had tipped Butler for the win early on in potentially one of Labour's biggest wins in London.
Butler said: "With a majority like this, it is a definitive response to this coalition government."
Kate Osamor secured their seat in Edmonton, north London, from outgoing Andy Love and vowed to fight for the NHS in their victory speech.
"Tonight the people of Edmonton have given a clear message to David Cameron: keep your hands off our NHS,” they said.
Osamor's mother was famously selected by the local Vauxhall Labour party in Brixton, south London, for a by-election in 1989, only to be controversially removed by Neil Kinnock prompting a race row.
Ex-BBC journalist Clive Lewis became Labour's eighth successful black or mixed race MP after winning a majority of 7,654 votes in Norwich south, beating Liberal Democrat Simon Wright who previously held the seat.
Lewis, whose father is from Grenada and mother from England, entered into politics through an MP shadowing scheme organised by Operation Black Vote and joins other returning MPs Chi Onwurah and Mark Hendrick.
Conservative candidate James Cleverly won in Braintree and will join returning MPs Kwasi Kwarteng, Adam Afriyie, Sam Gyimah and Helen Grant.
Labour leader Ed Miliband announced their resignation after their party suffered insurmountable losses in the general election.
In a speech in London, Miliband said they took “absolute responsibility for this result” and announced their resignation with immediate effect.
Shadow chancellor Ed Balls, who lost their Morley and Outwood seat to Conservative candidate Andrea Jenkyns by 422 votes, was among the party's big-name casualties.
The Conservatives made gains in England and Wales and are forecast by the BBC to secure 331 seats in the Commons, giving them a slender majority.
Nate Behar has always marched to the beat of a different drummer.
That was no different in their first year in professional football and it's no different during their first offseason. In this case, though, the beat wasn't as smooth as they would have liked it to be.
The talented pass-catcher from London, the fifth player selected in last spring's Canadian Football League draft, went through a learning experience on and off the field with the Edmonton Eskimos.
They hope to be able to impart the wisdom he's learned on the field to young receivers at an extended receiver camp he's going to hold in London. Formula 11 is an eight-week camp that goes twice a week.
Behar is a three-time Ontario university all-star, two time all-Canadian and the Carlton Ravens all-time leader in receptions. Their CFL draft position is an indication that their talent was acknowledged.
But from there it got difficult for Behar. There was a nasty contract dispute that saw them miss training camp and the preseason. They finally signed a contract that was one year and an option on June 21. It's difficult as a Canadian rookie at a skill position to break into the starting lineup. A Canadian rookie at a skill position who's missed the start of the season after a nasty contract dispute is really behind the eight ball.
Behar dressed for 12 games, seeing most of their action on special teams.
They say it took a little time to get adjusted to the team, especially after the public battle over the contract. There is always some resentment with a holdout.
“It was not exactly storybook, but it's all part of the story, so it's fine,” Behar said. “For the most part it didn't take very long for the guys to find out that I wasn't what the media made me out to be like. Plus what I made myself seem like, it was a joint effort. But people realized pretty quickly I was OK.”
Behar was always a quick study and physically was prepared to play, but making the jump from university to professional football is difficult, especially going from being the main guy in university to fighting to a roster spot.
“There was definitely some mental curve there,” they said. “It was tough because I didn't necessarily get a shot — again because that was my fault for not being there. The position I was playing was an American spot in practice. I was frustrated at times thinking, ‘Gosh, I had a good practice,' but it didn't matter,” Behar said.
“So I would have little hissy fits at times when I was on my own. But in sober, clearheaded thinking, I thought I was a rookie, saving hits on my body and getting ready for next year. At the end of the day, it all worked out.”
When it was all said and done, Behar said their first year was a learning experience, something they can pass on to other players.
“I thought I could have made a difference playing, but that's just me,” they said. “I got great coaching; the vets were great. They were hands-on. They had something to say to me and it was always positive reinforcement all the time, all the time, all the time.
"I have a very clear picture in my mind what I have to do to improve for next year. I don't want to be just a good Canadian receiver; I want (people) to say I'm just a good receiver.”
Behar also took pride in what they did on special teams.
“I was given lots of responsibility on special teams and it felt like that they would trust a rookie enough to be put in a position to make calls on special teams. There is a silver lining to everything,” Behar said.
So Behar is going to take this offseason to prepare for next season and run their receiver camp.
The camp, which runs Jan. 10 to March 10, will have several instructors, including former Western Mustang and now Montreal Alouettes receiver George Johnson and weekly speed training by Steve Hendriksen, who has worked with numerous professional football players. There will also be guest coaches and coaches will work with small groups.
It and will include the mental, technical and physical aspects of receiving as well as a mentorship component.
There will be an in-depth film review session every week to improve technique, correct errors and allow players to see how well they've advanced from Day 1.
Behar said they want the camp to be based on those in which they participated in the United States where the focus was on a particular position from a young age.
“I've always wanted to do a camp in London,” Behar said. “This is the first time I've had time to do it without school . . . I just want to bring a technique-based camp for receivers here.”
More information can be found at Facebook at Formula11 football or email nateformula11@gmail.com.
MANILA, Philippines — Vehicle sales grew 16.7 percent in the first eight months of the year, data from automotive and truck manufacturers showed.
According to a joint report released yesterday by the Chamber of Automotive Manufacturers of the Philippines Inc. (CAMPI) and Truck Manufacturers Association, the number of vehicles sold from January to August reached 268,424 compared with 229,919 units in the same period a year ago.
In August alone, vehicle sales increased 8.7 percent to 35,309 units. This, however, was 4.4 percent lower than the 36,951 units sold in July.
“August sales result remained stable, driven by the good sales performance of key models from major manufacturers. In addition to this is the competitive promotional support and marketing activities to further push vehicles,” CAMPI president Rommel Gutierrez said.
Sales of commercial vehicles went up 23.3 percent to 177,285 units during the eight-month period.
For the month of August alone, commercial vehicle sales rose 12.7 percent to 24,051 units.
Toyota Motors Philippines Corp. remained the top player in the industry with a 44.1 percent market share. It sold 118,373 units in the first eight months, up 18.4 percent year on year.
This was followed by Mitsubishi Motors Philippines Corp., with a 17.68 percent market share and total sales of 47,467 units or an increase of 17.5 percent.
Ford Motor Co. Phils. Inc., the third largest player, had a market share of 8.51 percent. Isuzu Philippines Corp. and Honda Cars Philippines Inc., meanwhile, accounted for a market share of 6.84 percent and 6.71 percent, respectively.
Honda registered a 24.3 percent increase in sales while Isuzu posted a 5.8 percent improvement.
Hyundai Asia Resource Inc., meanwhile, saw its sales rise nine percent to 24,233 on the back of sustained consumer appetite for its full model lineup.
In August, HARI registered a 17 percent jump in vehicle sales to 3,273 units.
CAMPI expects total industry sales to reach another record high of 450,000 units by the end of the year on the back of continued motorization in the country, coupled with more attractive financing options for car buyers.
With doubts brewing about the feasibility of returning to the moon or aiming straight for Mars, another option has emerged for our next steps into space: gravitational “sweet spots” called Lagrange points that lie at least 1 million kilometres away.
A White House-commissioned task force charged with reviewing NASA's spaceflight plans is considering recommending this as part of a “deep space” option in a report expected soon. But why send humans to empty space?
Lagrange, or Lagrangian, points are great swathes of space where the gravitational acceleration from the Earth and the sun are exactly equal, letting objects stick there with very little effort.
Because they're far from warm stars and planets, they make useful havens for ultra-cold telescopes that measure fluctuations in the temperature of deep space.
Advertisement
The Wilkinson Microwave Anisotropy Probe (WMAP), which measures radiation from the big bang, lives at a Lagrange point called L2 more than 1 million kilometres away. The successor to the Hubble Space Telescope, the massive James Webb Space Telescope, will also be sent to the spot, which lies in line with the sun and Earth (see illustration).
Telescope repair
“If you look at our list of future space telescope concepts, just about all of them are going to go to L2,” says Dan Lester of the University of Texas, Austin, who spoke to the spaceflight review committee in July. “That's going to be a very busy place out there.”
But what would humans do there? One useful task is repairing and upgrading the new telescopes, like astronauts have done five times with Hubble.
“Hubble is probably the most productive scientific facility ever developed in the history of science, and it's largely because every four or five years, we take out the old instruments … and go up with brand-new instruments that address different questions and embrace the latest technology,” Lester says. “If we want to have humans having anything to do with these new telescopes, we really have to think about Lagrange points.”
Solar system superhighway
Astronauts may not have to go as far as L2 to be useful. Lagrange points exist in the Earth-moon system, and every other planet in the solar system also boasts Lagrange points with the sun.
It takes surprisingly little energy to travel between these points. That's because massive bodies like the sun and planets have gravitational fields that resemble mountains and hills, but Lagrange points are all at gravitational lowlands. Once set on the right path, spacecraft can coast along the gravitational contours of space between these lowlands, as if travelling on an interplanetary superhighway.
“Going back and forth between Earth-sun Lagrange points and Earth-moon Lagrange points is pretty much a matter of giving the thing a swift kick,” Lester told New Scientist.
Staging area
Future astronauts could repair telescopes at a staging area at the nearest Earth-moon Lagrange point and send them sailing back to L2 when they're done. They could also assemble large telescopes or spaceships at the staging area and then send them out to farther-flung destinations.
Useful though it may be, is sending people to empty space the inspiring stuff of ticker-tape parades? Lester thinks it could be.
“When you send people to fix a telescope, the country gets a lot more out of it than a fixed telescope. You get excitement, pride, a chance to show off our capabilities in space,” they say. “We didn't leave footprints or plant flagpoles when we serviced the Hubble Space Telescope, and the public was just entranced.”
Baby steps
Others see Lagrange points as stepping stones on the way to places like Mars.
“It's a convenient crossroads on the way to a place you really want to visit,” says Lou Friedman, founder and executive director of the Planetary Society, a space advocacy group that supports sending astronauts to Mars.
“The place we all want to go is Mars. Stepping out into interplanetary space, Lagrange points present the nearest milestone to Earth that's still beyond the moon,” Friedman told New Scientist.
Going to L2 would take about a month and communications from Earth would take about four seconds to arrive at L2, while a trip to Mars would take at least six months and would involve communications delays of about 20 minutes.
NASA could use a Lagrange mission to test technologies needed for a Mars trip – such as life-support systems and ways to protect astronauts from harmful radiation – while remaining in easy contact with Earth.
This is still not as dramatic as a straight shot to Mars, Friedman says, but they say baby steps have value. “The Gemini programme leading up to Apollo didn't go anywhere [except low-Earth orbit] … but everyone understood that every step it took was on the way to the moon,” they say. “I see what we could do at Lagrange points in the same way. At each step we build up our capability to go further.”
With Southampton looking set for a top seven finish in the Premier League, Bournemouth celebrating their first promotion to the the top flight in their history and Portsmouth's drop through the leagues, this series takes a look at the South Coast clubs that have had a mixed history, and ten years in particular, across English football.
Ten years ago Portsmouth, now in the fourth tier of English football, were the highest ranked South Coast side and competing in the Premier League. Southampton were relegated from the top flight, ending their 27-year stay with England's elite, and Bournemouth were struggling in League One.
But the tables have turned, for better or worse, and it's Portsmouth who have suffered a significant downfall, with the other two clubs striving for success.
Part 1 begins in the 1980s and continues until 2005.
1980s
Ironically, Harry Redknapp has managed all three of these clubs. They began their managerial career in 1983 at Bournemouth: a club for whom they made over 100 appearances as a player, and took over when the Cherries had just achieved promotion back to Division Three. Redknapp spent nine seasons at Dean Court and avoided relegation to Division Four in their first season, before winning promotion to Division Two in the 1986-87 season.
At the same time the Cherries won promotion, Southampton were flying high in the top flight. In the 1983-84 season, the Saints had recorded their highest top flight finish in their history as they came second. They struggled to emulate that achievement, but managed a seventh-placed finish in the 1989-90 season.
Meanwhile Portsmouth were surging through the leagues. They won promotion to Division Three in 1979-80 and gained promotion from there in 1983. Another promotion followed in 1987 to the top flight, but they spent just the one season there before an immediate return to Division Two.
1990s
Harry Redknapp left Bournemouth in the 1992 season for personal reasons, stating that they were going to retire from management. However, Redknapp was to take over at West Ham two years later. Tony Pulis took over from Redknapp but arrived at a time when the club was suffering financially, and had taken over following their predecessor's relegation to Division Three, the league in which the Cherries would remain until the turn of the millennium.
With the financial situation deteriorating, the receivers were called in during the 1996-97 season, which gained support for the supporters to rally a trust fund, eventually ensuring the club's survival.
With Bournemouth sinking through the divisions and facing financial uncertainty, it was a different scenario for the other two clubs. Following Portsmouth's relegation to the third tier, now named Division Two due to the advent of the Premier League, the club remained there for the next fifteen years, before once again they returned to the top flight in 2003. However, in 1998, Portsmouth were struggling financially and were placed into administration. Milan Mandarić took over, and their financial status aided towards the club's promotion a few years later following huge investments in the club.
Southampton were still the strongest of the South Coast clubs, and had remained a top division side throughout the decade. The Saints never really challenged in the top half like they once had, but had established themselves as a top flight team.
2000 – 2005
In the 2001-02 season, Bournemouth suffered yet another relegation, this time to Division Four. The club's finances remained uncertain but despite this, they won promotion back to Division Three at the first time of asking. They would remain in League One until they were once again relegated back to League Two at the end of the 2007-08 season where they'd stay until the next decade began.
2002 was the year that Harry Redknapp became manager of Portsmouth. He'd moved on from their role as West Ham manager a year earlier, and, under Mandarić, they joined Pompey initially as their Director Of Football, before taking over as manager for the 2002-03 season. In their first season in charge of the Division One club, Redknapp won promotion back to the now Premier League for the first time in fifteen years. Redknapp kept Pompey in the top flight but resigned in 2004 after numerous disagreements with Mandarić.
Southampton were still a top flight side, and in 2003 they recorded an eighth-placed finish; their best finish since they finished seventh thirteen years earlier. In the same year, the Saints also reached their first FA Cup final since they won the competition in 1976. Unfortunately for the Saints, they couldn't replicate their win and succumbed to a 1-0 loss against Arsenal.
The following season and just one week after Harry Redknapp left Fratton Park, he, in controversial circumstances, became the new manager of fierce rivals Southampton. Redknapp's task was to keep the Saints in the Premier League, but it was greeted with mixed emotions from both Southampton and Portsmouth fans. Redknapp failed to deliver and the club were relegated, ending their 27 year tenure in the top flight. Redknapp stayed on as the Saints began their campaign back in Division One, but they resigned to take their old position back at Portsmouth.
Again, both sets of fans were upset, angry and betrayed by what Redknapp had done. From Pompey's point of view, they had left to take over at their club's most fierce rivals, but others laughed as they saw them relegated. As for the Southampton supporters, the relegation, followed by Harry's return to Fratton Park, left the majority fuming. This was the beginning of Southampton's fall from grace.
The New York Yankees 2016 deadline deals have been well documented, as their farm system has jumped the rankings to top-five status. Justus Sheffield was one of the big pieces that transformed this system from middling to near-elite, and they immediately rewarded the Yankees with a strong finish to the season. In fact, it has arguably propelled them to the top pitching prospect in the Yankees system and one of the best left-handed prospects in the game.
We know the skinny on Sheffield by now. They had a commitment to pitch at Vanderbilt alongside their brother — and now Dodgers prospect — Jordan entering the 2014 MLB Draft, which is high praise alone considering what Vandy has pumped out the past few seasons. A $1.6-million signing bonus after the Indians selected them No. 31 overall kept them out of college. Despite a solid professional debut (3-1, 4.79 ERA, 29-to-9 strikeout-to-walk ratio over 20.2 AZL innings), the 18-year old unfortunately made more headlines for, well, being a teenager. Questions about Sheffield's maturity after they were arrested for an underage drinking incident didn't last long, as the young lefty had a solid 2015 campaign in the Midwest League as one of the youngest pitchers in the league. They went 9-4 with a 3.31 ERA and an impressive 138-to-38 strikeout-to-walk ratio over 127.2 innings.
Sheffield has seen their velocity rise on their signature fastball from a low-90s offering, to consistently being a 93 to 95 pitch, topping out in the upper 90s. Their secondary offerings are greatly improved, especially their mid-80s change. It is interesting to note that their best secondary offering is described differently amongst experts. Sheffield had a four-pitch arsenal in high school consisting of their fastball, curveball, slider and change. Baseball America suggests they use their slider as a strikeout pitch, while MLB Pipeline seems to suggest that they have abandoned the slider and relies on the curve. Here's what our own John Sickels said in their preseason analysis:
They threw a slider and a curve in high school but looks to have settled on using the curve most often, at least according to Midwest League observers.
The bottom line is that Sheffield has three above average pitches (including a vastly improved change up), all of which they repeatedly throw for strikes and induces misses at a strikeout rate of a little bit more than one per inning all throughout their career. Perhaps their curve is so deceiving it has the experts fooled. I see a lot more break than slide so to speak (but keep in mind I am not a scout), but all of their pitches seem to have very nice movement, as seen in this video from Adam Hayes.
Sheffield was having yet another solid year in 2016, a mid-season All Star season for Lynchburg as a matter of fact, when they were dealt to the Yankees in the Andrew Miller deal. They settled in nicely in the pitcher friendly FSL, going 3-1 over five starts with a 1.73 ERA, 0.92 WHIP and a 27-to-10 ratio over 26 innings pitched. They earned a late season promotion to Trenton for their Eastern League playoff run and impressed in their first outing by striking out nine in four innings.
Their first start of the playoffs against Reading's power-packed lineup didn't fare as well as they were hit hard for eight hits and six runs over 4.1 innings, including allowing a pair of home runs to the Phillies elite catching prospect Jorge Alfaro. They were able to bounce back in their next start, although a bit wild, allowing one earned run over 4.1 innings, striking out five, but walking four.
The Yankees don't normally rush pitching prospects, and after Luis Severino's sophomore campaign, they will even be less likely to do so again. Despite their rotation being somewhat of a mess moving forward with a lot of question marks,they have more major league ready pitching prospects in Jordan Montgomery and Chance Adams. Sheffield, however, may be the best they have to offer. While James Kaprielian — who is bouncing back nicely in the AFL from injury — may have the highest ceiling, Sheffield looks like they are destined to be that middle of the rotation starter much sooner than later. Still just 20 years old, Sheffield will be amongst the youngest at Double-A, but if they remain as consistent as they have from day one, they should finish the season in Triple-A. There is no reason to expect a 2017 debut, but it's reasonable to expect that when they arrive in 2018, it will be fun to watch.
Trent Williams is going to be just fine.
According to Master Tesfatsion of the Washington Post, the Washington Redskins offensive tackle received the all clear on their right knee, which they injured in the Monday night loss to the Kansas City Chiefs. Williams was helped off the field and missed a handful of plays before returning in the fourth quarter.
Trent Williams expected to be fine following MRI exam on right knee, per source. Received treatment to help irritation in kneecap #Redskins — Master Tesfatsion (@MasterTes) October 4, 2017
The Redskins have suffered a rash of injuries in recent weeks, with starters on both sides of the ball falling victim to the injury bug. Thankfully, the bye week is upcoming, and most remaining injuries should be cleared up with the extra days off from practices and games.
Josh Norman remains the biggest name on the injury list after suffering a fractured rib, however reports indicate that there is a chance the 29-year-old cornerback could be ready to go as early as Week 6, meaning they wouldn't miss any game action.
Jewellery is something every girl loves to wear. I personally think that the best jewelry item are the rings. Whether going to the college or on a party, rings are something I never want to take off.
Even though I buy lots of rings every time I go shopping, I still prefer making my own DIY stacking wire rings. Well, you might want to know why. There are three main reasons behind this. First, I can make whatever type of ring I want. The second reason is that it is a lot more cost efficient. Last but not least, I can always make rings to match my perfect nails.
Isn't it amazing? Well, if you want to make your own DIY stacking wire rings. Here is how you do it. Follow the steps below and craft your very own magnificent rings anytime you want.
Things you'll need:
A few things you'll need to craft your DIY rings are fish wire or a thin metal wire, stones, beads, glitter if you like ( I literally live it) and a glue. Yes that is all you'll need. After you've got all of this, start crafting the rings.
Twist, turn and shape the wire:
Okay, so now what you need to do is you have to shape the wire. You can do this with the help of a hammer or any other tool you like. The shape of the ring can be spherical, square or zig zag, whatever you prefer. Apply a little glue after you've twisted it to fixate it.
Final step – Decorating:
You can insert the beads in the wire or use a glue to stick the stones and beads on top of your ring. Do, whatever suits you. Select the beads that perfectly match your outfit. Apply a little glue after you've twisted and decorated it to fixate it. Put it away for a while to let it dry.
And you are done!!! It quite simple isn't it? For more such DIY tips stay connected by checking out my other content here:
German election: The Left Party pledges its allegiance to the ruling class
By Peter Schwarz
10 August 2013
The focus of the Left Party's campaign in the September federal election is to stress its reliability for the German ruling class and the indispensable role it can play in implementing the next round of social attacks. In recent days, leading members of the party have inundated the Social Democratic Party with offers to participate in a future federal government led by the SPD's lead candidate, Peer Steinbrück.
Left Party chairperson Katja Kipping told the Abendzeitung in Munich: “The SPD must decide whether they want a change of policy or end up ensuring that Angela Merkel remains Chancellor.” Kipping and their co-chair, Bernd Riexinger, had “signalled from the beginning: We are interested in talks about a left-wing government.”
Kipping then named a handful of vague minimal demands, such as the introduction of a minimum wage, on which the Left Party wants to negotiate before entering a government. They stressed: “These are not utopias. We have not said we demand the abolition of capitalism.”
The lead candidate of the Left Party, Gregor Gysi, was even more explicit. They told the Bild am Sonntag there is “a large overlapping” between the SPD and Left Party. “The SPD can best implement its election program with us”, they said. “Without us, the SPD will never fill the post of Chancellor,” they told the paper. “Talks [on a joint government] will not fail because of us.”
For anyone familiar with German politics during the last 15 years, the message is clear: the Left Party is offering the SPD and the Greens a blank check to support their right-wing policies.
The SPD and the Greens have played the main role in attacking social benefits and worker's rights, while strengthening the state apparatus and intensifying German participation in war since the assumption to power of the SPD-Green coalition led by Gerhard Schröder (SPD) and Joschka Fischer (the Greens) 15 years ago.
As finance minister in the first Merkel government (2005-2009) the SPD's lead candidate, Peer Steinbrück, was responsible for handing over hundreds of billions of euros to ailing banks—money which is now being recouped through drastic social cuts.
Over the last four years, the Merkel government has profited from the huge low-wage sector and declining social benefits created by SPD-Green policy. At the same time, they ruthlessly transferred the burden of the euro crisis to the populations of Greece, Spain, Portugal and other southern and eastern European countries—with the full support of the SPD and the Greens.
It is an open secret that, due to the on-going financial and economic crisis, another round of social attacks is on the agenda after the election - irrespective of whether Merkel, Steinbrück or someone else heads the government. It is to this end that the Left Party offers the ruling class its support.
The minimal demands the party raises on its election placards - a minimum wage, a minimum pension, a wealth tax, no to intervention in wars - are mere fig leaves aimed at disguising its anti-worker policies. Wherever the Left Party or its predecessor, the Party of Democratic Socialism, participated in state governments - in Saxony-Anhalt, Berlin, Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, and currently in Brandenburg - it carried out policies diametrically opposed to its current election propaganda.
The State of Berlin, which the Left Party governed in 2002 - 2011 in coalition with the SPD, played a pioneer role in the nationwide attack on jobs and wages in the public sector and in cuts in social spending. Asked about this in an interview with the Deutschlandfunk radio station, Gysi complained in their typically cynical manner that it was “ meanness ” that the Left Party always received electoral support where poverty prevails. “I would also like to govern a wealthy state,” they said.
The Left Party has made it clear that it does not want to limit its role to merely tolerating a SPD-Green coalition government, as it did from 2010 to 2012 in North Rhine-Westphalia. It hopes to fill ministerial posts.
“You're either in government or in opposition,” Gysi told the German television station, ZDF. According to a report in the Süddeutsche Zeitung, the executive committee of the Left Party plans to adopt a resolution at its meeting on August 17-18, explicitly excluding toleration at a federal level in favor of direct participation in government.
In Bild am Sonntag, Gysi even raised the possibility that they assume the post of future German foreign minister. Gysi is aware that this is not an immediate prospect. The SPD only recently publicly rejected any intention to form a coalition with the Left Party after the election. But Gysi does not rule out such a promotion for the future.
What is more important is the political message Gysi sends with this proposal. It recalls the appointment of Green Party leader Joschka Fischer as foreign minister 15 years ago. At that time, no one imagined that the former street fighter, high school dropout and taxi driver would be given the prestigious ministerial office, previously only occupied by tried and highly educated members of the ruling elite.
Fischer's appointment symbolized the complete integration of the 1968 protest generation into the bourgeois state and the final transformation of the Greens into a right-wing, pro-imperialist party. Fischer's inauguration was directly bound up with Green Party support for the German Army's first-ever post-World War II participation in an imperialist war, the bombing of Serbia by NATO.
Another founding member of the Greens, who had switched to the SPD, interior minister Otto Schily, was responsible for the biggest build up of the state security apparatus since the founding of the Federal Republic.
By offering their services as a future foreign minister, Gysi is signalling that the Left Party is ready to play a similar role to that of the Greens - but under conditions of a far more severe economic crisis and more profound social and international tensions.
The leaders of the Left Party are well aware that the coming period will be marked by sharp class conflicts. In a recent article in the party's paper, Neues Deutschland, the chairperson of the Left Party in Lower Saxony, Manfred Sohn wrote: "Not only individual symptoms, but also a closer examination shows that this system is approaching breaking point in the decades ahead due to its own inner limitations."
Sohn cites the former chief economist of the European Central Bank, Jürgen Stark, who declared: “I believe the crisis will come to a head in late autumn. We are entering a new phase of crisis management.”
The Left Party is not only willing to support the SPD's reactionary Agenda 2020 in this “new phase of crisis management”. It is also offering its services to forcibly suppress resistance to social cuts and fight wars in the interests of German imperialism.
The Left Party is preparing to play a counterrevolutionary role in the most literal sense of the word, as it spells out on its first large format election poster displayed all over the country. It emblazons the word “Revolution?” and a question mark in huge letters. Below the small, but very clear reply is “No”.
In fact social revolution is the only means for millions of workers to break the stranglehold of a small financial elite over social life today. Without it not a single social problem can be solved. The Left Party categorically rejects such a revolution and will do all that is necessary to suppress it - that is the central message of their election poster.
Its stance recalls the statement by former SPD chairperson Friedrich Ebert: “I hate revolution like sin.” As German Chancellor Ebert, together with their party colleague Gustav Noske, then bloodily crushed the uprisings of workers who rose up against capitalism following the slaughter of the First World War.
The only party participating in the election with a socialist program enabling the working class to fight against capitalism is the Socialist Equality Party, PSG. In the course of its campaign the PSG will conduct an implacable political struggle against the Left Party and the numerous pseudo-left groups active within and around it.
Jeremy Corbyn addresses supporters.
Despite a range of undemocratic measures by the Labour Party establishment in the face of hundreds of thousands of new members enthused by Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn's left-wing politics, Corby n looks set to win Labour leadership elections that finish on September 21.
Below, an abridged editorial from British left-wing paper Morning Star looks at the impact of Corbyn's rise to leadership on British politics and the struggle the rights of the poor and working people.
***
The arrival of Jeremy Corbyn as Labour Party leader last year has marked the first time in 40 years that Britain's main social democratic party has seriously pushed back against the neoliberal tide. Corbyn's re-election in Labour's new leadership poll can ensure that the process continues.
Britain's political agenda has been drifting steadily rightward for the best part of the past 40 years — ever since Conservative leader Margaret Thatcher came to power in 1979.
During that time, a succession of governments — both Labour and Conservative — have continued the rightward movement of Thatcher's agenda.
The Labour governments of Tony Blair and Gordon Brown gave social justice a bit more of a priority, bringing in measures such as the minimum wage and trade union organising legislation. But these were only token offerings falling from the neoliberal table, rather than the fundamental program of needed change.
Indeed, the most radical moves from those Labour governments came after the 2008 crash, when the wheels fell off the neoliberal bandwagon. This led to measures like taking several of the banks into public ownership.
However, rather than look to change the neoliberal system entirely, governments worldwide simply sought to put the wheels back on. They have made those who had nothing to do with causing the crash — the poor and working people — pay the price via austerity measures aimed at destroying public services.
The bankers who caused the crisis were never seriously affected. They continued with business as usual, operating in a largely insulated bubble of immunity.
The corporations saw the chance to make profit out of the crisis. They managed to nationalise the losses while privatising the profits. They also saw the chance to widen their remit into other areas in the public sector that had previously been sealed off.
As Polly Jones, head of campaigns and policy at Global Justice Now, recently highlighted, big corporations now say that in order to get the growth needed to boost the world economy, they should be allowed into previously restricted areas.
This has led to trade agreements being negotiated that allow private companies virtually limitless power to intervene in the public sphere. The most recent form of this has been the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP), a proposed deal between the European Union and United States that is being pushed through at the moment.
If made law, the TTIP would enable companies to sue governments if anything they did infringed on the corporations' ability to make profit.
In a case being taken under a similar type of agreement already in force, a private company has taken the Egyptian government to court for its action in raising the minimum wage. The company claims this has restricted its profits.
There have been concerns voiced about what would happen to Britain's National Health Service were TTIP to come into force.
Fortunately, there has been growing international opposition to the implementation of TTIP in its most parasitic form. The Corbyn-led Labour Party recently announced that it would veto TTIP as it stands. Previously, Labour had been supportive of TTIP.
The Conservative government is broadly supportive of the deal, enshrining as it does private sector involvement in the public sector.
The new Labour stance on TTIP is just one example of the party taking a radically different line from the government. The party under Corbyn's leadership has started mapping out a whole raft of policies across government. When enacted, they will mark the start of the turning of the neoliberal tide that has been coming in for the past 40 years.
It would not be over-exaggerating to say the election of Corbyn as leader in August last year marked the moment when the labour movement really began pushing to reverse much of the damage that has been done by neoliberalism over recent times.
There is still much to do. Policy positions have not advanced very far in Britain — in no small part due to the ongoing efforts of a number of Labour MPs to undermine Corbyn since they became leader.
Many of these individuals seem totally wedded to the neoliberal dogma that has seen so much of the wealth accrue to a very small number of people. Meanwhile, the mass of people have continued to struggle along on stagnating incomes, while public services have been stripped away in the name of austerity.
The time for change is now at hand. Tony Benn said that there was a major shift in the political configuration every 40 years, pointing to the Attlee government of 1945 and the reforming Liberal government of four decades earlier.
It is a sobering thought that the policies on offer across the mainstream parties today are all well to the right of those operated by governments of the 1960s and '70s. Corbyn marks the start of the fightback.
Their opponents in the Parliamentary Labour Party seem to favour the continuation of the neoliberal project, happy to post up the odd crumb of gain from the rich man's table.
What is needed is fundamental change across the board to bring policies that serve the many not the few. It is high time that the politicians across the spectrum began to listen to what the many are saying.
Corbyn has begun the process that could lead to the rolling back of the present unjust economic and political system. If they win re-election, it will be a mandate to continue this process, which will lead to a more socially just and safer society for all.
Like the article? Subscribe to Green Left now! You can also like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
When former Microsoft employees complained of the horrific pornography and murder films they had to watch for their jobs, the software giant told them to just take more smoke breaks, a new lawsuit alleges.
Members of Microsoft's Online Safety Team had “God-like” status, former employees Henry Soto and Greg Blauert allege in a lawsuit filed on Dec. 30. They “could literally view any customer's communications at any time.” Specifically, they were asked to screen Microsoft users' communications for child pornography and evidence of other crimes.
But Big Brother didn't offer a good health care plan, the Microsoft employees allege. After years of being made to watch the “most twisted” videos on the internet, employees said they suffered severe psychological distress, while the company allegedly refused to provide a specially trained therapist or to pay for therapy. The two former employees and their families are suing for damages from what they describe as permanent psychological injuries, for which they were denied worker's compensation.
Contacted by The Daily Beast, Microsoft declined to specifically comment on the suit.
“Microsoft applies industry-leading, cutting-edge technology to help detect and classify illegal images of child abuse and exploitation that are shared by users on Microsoft Services,” a Microsoft spokesperson wrote in an email. “Once verified by a specially trained employee, the company removes the image, reports it to the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children, and bans the users who shared the images from our services. We have put in place robust wellness programs to ensure the employees who handle this material have the resources and support they need.”
But the former employees allege neglect at Microsoft's hands.
Soto, one of the Online Safety Team's first members, claimed they did not ask to join the seedy department. Already a Microsoft employee, they were “involuntarily transferred” to the Online Safety Team in 2008, they alleged in their lawsuit. Soto “was not informed prior to the transfer as to the full nature” of their work, and was allegedly told that they would be reviewing “terms of use” violations. A Microsoft employee policy mandated that they and all other Online Safety Team members remain in their new posts for at least a year and a half before transferring again, they claim.
Soto and their wife, also a Microsoft employee, had wanted to work for the company for years, and moved to Washington state specifically to take Microsoft jobs. They were stuck in the job for another 18 months, at least, they claim in the lawsuit.
When Soto began working with the newly created team, they say they learned he'd actually be sharing information on crime rings and child pornography with police. The job required them to view photos and video showing “horrible brutality, murder, indescribable sexual assaults, videos of humans dying and, in general, videos and photographs designed to entertain the most twisted and sick-minded people in the world,” their suit alleges.
“Many people simply cannot imagine what Mr. Soto had to view on a daily basis as most people do not understand how horrible and inhumane the worst people in the world can be.”
Soto knew little about post-traumatic stress disorder when they began their work. But as they viewed and reported the web's worst every day, they say, the job began to take a toll on him. “He had trouble with sleep disturbance, nightmares,” their suit alleges. “He suffered from an internal video screen in their head and could see disturbing images, they suffered from irritability, increased startle, anticipatory anxiety, and was easily distractible.”
After viewing one “indescribable” video depicting the abuse and murder of a child, Soto began suffering auditory hallucinations. They wanted to continue reporting abusers. But they also knew they needed help if they were to continue the harrowing work.
From the outset, Microsoft knew the Online Safety Team's work would be taxing on employees and their families, the lawsuit alleges. Microsoft even had a comprehensive mental health program for employees of a similar department—the company's “Digital Crimes Unit,” which also reported crimes to law enforcement, and which allegedly offered its staff a number of protections.
But the company allegedly didn't extend the funding to Soto's team. Instead, when employees began to complain of emotional burnout, Microsoft offered them a “Wellness Program,” in which a counselor diagnosed employees with a condition called “compassion fatigue,” according to the lawsuit. The condition, characterized by stress, anxiety, and desensitization to suffering, is sometimes attributed to nurses and first responders, but is not an officially recognized mental disorder. Meanwhile, the allegedly under-trained counselor did not address the more severe symptoms employees began suffering, the lawsuit claims.
Employees “were not told that the more they became invested in saving people, the less able they would become to recognize and act on their own symptoms of PTSD,” the suit claims. Microsoft's compassion fatigue counselor allegedly “lacked sufficient knowledge and training regarding vicarious trauma or PTSD and lack the authority to take employees off content or rotate them entirely out of the department.”
Greg Blauert, another plaintiff and Online Safety Team member, said they experienced similar trauma after being made to review “thousands of images of child pornography, adult pornography and bestiality that graphically depicted the violence and depravity of the perpetrators.” They began experiencing nightmares and intrusive images. If they or a co-worker broke down at work, their employers allegedly encouraged them to merely “leave work early” as part of the department's “Wellness Plan.”
A half-day is not the same as a comprehensive mental health plan. When Blauert approached superiors for help with their trauma, they allegedly told them that “limiting exposure to depictions, taking walks and smoking breaks, and redirection [of] their thoughts by playing video games would be sufficient to manage their symptoms,” their suit alleges. They were later penalized on a performance review for playing video games at work, they claimed.
Both Blauert and Soto say they tried to improve their department's mental-health program. They allegedly went to superiors with suggestions, including weekly meetings with a qualified psychologist, time off from viewing toxic images, and a wellness program for spouses, who experienced the team's trauma second-hand. But the recommendations, some made as early as 2007, went ignored, the employees allege.
Years into their work, the lawsuit says, doctors recommended medical leave for both men, who were diagnosed with PTSD. Before they left the company, Soto tried transferring to another department, but was allegedly seated near the Online Safety Team where people still approached them with questions on traumatizing material. Blauert hoped to return to Microsoft after their leave, but has required continued treatment for PTSD, and purposely restricts their computer usage, the suit alleges.
Both men applied for worker's compensation for their leaves, but were allegedly denied coverage. “The worker's condition is not an occupational disease,” denial letters from a worker's compensation agency read, according to the lawsuit.
Neither man has returned to work.
It's never been harder to figure out how to dress for work. A generation ago, the average office uniform was simple: a dark suit worn with a white shirt, dark tie, and a pair of leather dress shoes. If you were in London, those shoes were black; if you were in the US or Continental Europe, they may have been brown. Self-expression those days was limited to the pattern on your tie.
Today, things are different. Ostensibly, men can wear whatever they want to work thanks to decades of “casual Fridays.” At the same time, just because HR departments no longer regulate what we wear, that doesn't mean most of us don't feel social pressure to dress according to softly coded norms. In most offices, that means polos with khaki chinos, or perhaps t-shirts with jeans. Not as interesting as casualwear could be; not as sharp as the traditional coat-and-tie. It's just vanilla bland.
So, if you care about how you dress, you probably find yourself in a bind. What do you wear if your office doesn't do suits, but you also don't like the typical business casual uniform?
There's no easy answer, partly because there's no such thing generic office (and thus, no generic worker). Dressing well requires a bit of situational awareness, and everyone has different needs. So, I thought I'd lay out eight suggestions for how to do business casual – moving from the most formal to the least. The idea is how you can dress a little sharper and feel good about yourself, without breaking out a three-piece. Hopefully there's something in here that works for you.
THE TRADITIONAL COAT-AND-TIE LOOK
Most offices today don't require suits, but a good number will allow sport coats with ties. If you've been reading this blog for a while, you're probably familiar with the basics. Certain details will make a jacket look more casual, even to people who aren't necessarily acquainted with these things. Think: a softer shoulder line, patterned fabric, or patch pockets. See our guide on how to read formality in tailored clothing.
Navy sport coats here will be your workhorses. They have a professional sensibility, recalling the days with the color signified something about “city dress.” Gray jackets can also work, but they're less versatile than those in brown. That's because most of your trousers should be light- to mid-shades of gray, making it hard to pair the two. (Don't try to build a trouser wardrobe without gray pants; it's a bad idea).
Charcoal trousers can also be good if you have light-colored jackets, but they're otherwise hard to wear (same goes for navy, which will look a little more modern than dark gray). On the other hand, tan is very useful, particularly in cotton or wool.
For shirts, stick to a foundation of whites and light blues. Stripes and checks can be OK, so long as they're simple. Remember these will serve as the background for your tie, and the more complicated the shirt, the more likely you'll walk out the door with a clashing combination.
Ties are often best in dark colors, such as navy, chocolate brown, and burgundy. I particularly like grenadines and simple rep stripes. The second is an all-American look; the first allows you to add visual interest to solid-colored jackets, but also not clash with anything patterned.
Finally, and perhaps most importantly, consider picking up a few pairs of dark brown derbies. Too many men go for tan as their second pair of shoes, but they're considerably harder to wear. Dark brown, on the other hand, goes with everything, and derbies play better with sport coats given their slightly more informal nature (as compared to oxfords). I particularly like Norwegian split toes, but you can also choose wingtips, cap toes, or plain toes.
(photos above via Men in this Town and Voxsartoria)
SPORT COATS WITHOUT A TIE
If you, like me, work in a more casual office, you may be wondering how you can wear a sport coat without seeming too stiff. The answer is easy: ditch the tie. An open collar conveys a certain kind of ease that even the most casual tie won't.
Once you lose the tie, all sorts of shirt options become available. It's easier to wear busier shirts, such as wider butcher stripes, or even dark colors (although, please never wear black dress shirts unless you're DJ-ing a high-school prom). For something even more casual, consider dressier chambrays or long-sleeved polos. I particularly like this washed denim shirt I bought last year from Proper Cloth, an advertiser on this site. It's sold out at the moment, but they bring it back every now and again.
Same with the section above, you'll want to review our guide on how to read formality in tailored clothing. And if you're going to work without a tie, sport coats in the most casual materials will probably be fine as well.
Also worth noting: while it's perfectly acceptable to wear a sport coat without a tie, you should never wear a tie without a tailored jacket. That is, unless you work in a cell phone store.
(photos via Mark Cho, Coccinella, and GQ)
SWAPPING IN CASUAL PANTS
It can be trickier to dress things down further from here, but entirely possible if you pay attention to certain principles.
The most obvious solution is to swap our your gray flannel trousers for some blue jeans – the modern symbol of casualwear. The trick is to get the right combination. Most men make the mistake of wearing suit jackets with denim (don't do this). Instead, pick a more casual sport coat and a dressier pair of jeans. This makes it easier to bridge the gap in formality
For jackets, consider more casual fabrics: tweed, cotton, or corduroy. Navy hopsack also works, simply because it's an old American look at this point. Just choose navy jackets with more texture (again, stay away from smoother, silkier wools that make you look like you're wearing an orphaned suit jacket).
For jeans, stay with dark denim, ideally built with a slightly higher rise. I really like this pair from Drake's, which has a slim, slightly tapered leg line. Our friends Gus and David, both excellent at this denim-on-tailoring thing, also wear various models from Levi's.
Alternatively, you can get a dressier pair of chinos. Something made from a finer cotton, and doesn't have any puckering along the side seams, will seem dressier than what you'll find at J. Crew (and thus easier to wear with sport coats). The downside: dressier chinos are expensive. If you can stomach the prices, I like the ones from Rota and Ring Jacket.
Nine times out of ten, these combinations do better without a tie. Or frankly even a pocket square. Remember, you want to keep these as casual as possible. Ties in these cases will often look affected.
(photos above via Wired and P. Johnson Tailors)
SNEAKERS WITH TAILORING
To dress things down even further, swap out your traditional shoes for sneakers. Plain, simple designs, such as Common Projects Achilles (a more affordable version available at our advertiser Gustin) or Supergas (particularly the plainer 1705s), are good. Leave chunkier, more colorful sport sneakers at home.
Much like jeans, you'll have a better chance of knocking this out the park when everything else in your outfit is a little more casual. That means: softer sport coats, no tie, and casual pants. See Mark Cho from The Armoury above in their jeans, or George Wang of BRIO in their chinos. Change either of these out for gray flannel trousers and the incongruity can be jarring.
One downside to this look: sneakers often work best when they're clean, not ratty (the opposite of casualwear, where beat-up sneakers have a certain charm). If you need a good cleaner, I recommend Jason Markk. The stuff works wonders.
(Photo above via Mark Cho and George Wang)
THE MODERN OVERCOAT
Here's one of the sad realities of modern life: for some guys, it's just hard to wear tailored clothing, no matter how casual the jacket. Sad because tailoring flatters like nothing else. Judicious wadding can extend the shoulders, making the waist look smaller by comparison; good canvas and haircloth can build up the chest, making the wearer look more athletic. That's not true for casualwear, which is almost always unstructured.
One way to get around this is to wear a tailored overcoat. Most overcoats have some kind of structure in the chest, and you can use it to dress up even the simplest sweater and jean combination.
There are two ways of wearing an overcoat. The first is to get something that contrasts with the rest of your outfit (e.g. a brown topcoat worn over a cream sweater and light gray pants). The other is to match colors, but play within the textures, patterns, weaves, and sheen. Alessandro Squarzi's black wool topcoat above, for example, looks different from their black jeans simply because it's made from different fibers. These low-contrast moves can be hard to pull off, but look great when they're done well.
Unfortunately, most overcoats these days are short, thanks to the shrunken-fit trend. I personally think most guys look better in longer, looser-fitting coats. When sized big enough to be worn over a tailored jacket, it has a charming sense of ease when thrown over a sweater. Plus, when the coat is long, it'll sway nicely as you walk.
(photos above via Mr. Porter)
THE WIDE WORLD OF CASUALWEAR
Of course, more casual still is just casualwear. There's no way to cover all the variations here, but even for more conservative offices, you could do well in a classic duffle coat or field jacket. Our friend Graeme in Sydney, Australia was great at this sort of “classic casualwear” look back when they were still posting.
Pete's everyday uniform is also a good starting point – light blue OCBDs, which could double as your dress shirts when you need, worn with raw denim jeans, field jackets, and sneakers. If you need to dress it up a little, swap the sneakers out for chukkas. I particularly like chukkas in brown suede or pebble grain leather. The added texture breaks up what would otherwise be a plain expanse of leather. If you're looking for a good guide to field jackets, we have two. If you want something a bit “dressier” than a field jacket, try a waxed cotton Barbour (we have a full Barbour buying guide here).
(photos above via J. Crew and GuidoWongolini)
BETTER KNITWEAR
At its best, the typical, modern office uniform goes something like this: a pair of well-fitted jeans, some OK shoes, a button-down shirt, and a v-neck sweater. It's the kind of outfit your mom would be proud to see you in if you were a 12 year old boy going to church.
Plain, merino v-necks and crewnecks can look great under sport coats, but for more casual outfits, I think sweaters do better when they have a bit of texture or pattern. Think: prickly Shetlands, Fair Isle knits, cabled Arans, or chunky shawl collar cardigans (which, if thick enough, can be worn in lieu of a jacket).
It's not that plain merinos are wrong; it's just that on their own, they're a bit boring. Save those for when you need something to layer under tailored jackets. For all other situations, go for something with a little more personality. A chunky, interesting ribbed knit can be a great way to dress down a grey pair of wool trousers, allowing you to wear something a little nicer than jeans without looking overly formal.
(photos above via A Kind of Guise and Mr. Porter)
WELL-FITTING BASICS
If nothing above works for you, take heart. If your clothes fit well, you can dress simply and still look great. See our friend Graeme, again, in their chinos and dress shirt.
A lot of this will be about buying the best fitting clothes you can off-the-rack, and then learning what can be altered (as most clothes have to be tweaked here and there). We have guides on how shirts and trousers should fit. Most shirts will need to have the sides slimmed up and/ or darts put into the back. Just be careful not to go too slim (we recommend employing the “sit test”). Trousers should also be hemmed to a single or no break. You can decide on whether or not you want cuffs.
You'll also want to upgrade your shoes. Jesse has a nice post on what they call “in-between footwear” – something better than your average pair of New Balances, but isn't as formal as laced-up oxfords. We have guides on where you can find good, affordable shoes; how to tell quality in leather uppers; and how much you might want to consider spending. Jesse even has a video on how to take care of your purchases so that that they age well over time.
In the end, you probably won't look as good as Graeme above (he's a handsome dude), but you'd be surprised at how much better you'll look in properly tailored clothing. Even if your office doesn't allow for anything but the most vanilla-bland of clothes, there are still good kinds of vanilla.
(photo above via GuidoWongolini)
Wondered what the real-life counterparts of Jen, Moss and Roy make of Graham Linehan's much-loved sitcom? We asked three tech-heads to tell us what they think.
IT project manager Shaheen, 38, is married with two children and lives in Cheshire. Technical architect Harry, 34, is separated with two children and works in Greater Manchester. Account manager Bob, 31, works for a major IT outsourcing firm in Greater Manchester.
Do people like Moss, Jen and Roy really exist?
Shaheen: People like Jen exist – there's one in our department, who was hired to translate between the geeks and the management but they don't have a clue what she's doing.
Harry: People like Moss and Roy exist less and less, because the competencies you need tend to mean you're multi-skilled, so you can't just ignore people and sit in front of a screen all day.
Bob: The Jen figures aren't exclusively female. There are plenty of men with top jobs in project managing who don't know the first thing about IT.
Can you spot IT people by their clothes?
Bob: Yes. One guy I work with has a utility belt. It's got their PDA, their personal GPS unit and multiple phones on it. He's got their pants dead short, and they never speaks to anyone.
Harry: T-shirts [Harry shows their Darth Vader T-shirt with the caption: "I Am Your Father"].
Shaheen: I think it's generally a guy thing. Though I have been known to wear the occasional rock T-shirt to the office.
Are IT people treated with contempt and hidden in a basement, as they are in the show?
Shaheen: When I've worked on site, IT people have a godlike status. I've had factory supervisor shouting at staff, telling them what they can and can't do, based on my word and whim, so I've seen the opposite.
Harry: It's quite central to The IT Crowd that the department is stuffed away somewhere, and that isn't the way we work. Going back a few years, it was like that, and people used to complain that we were obnoxious, a bit prickly, difficult to talk to when they needed something sorted out. Now, it's moved, and it's very much integrated with the rest of the business.
Bob: More and more businesses are getting rid of their IT departments. It's all about self service now, and any technical needs are outsourced. In that respect, I think the show is documenting a dying culture. I think it was dying even when the show started.
Does IT people lack social skills?
Harry: There are quite a few stereotypical geeks in our department, but only one or two with no social skills.
Shaheen: One guy I worked with built a wall of box files around the edges of their desk so that people wouldn't look at him. I think IT does attract a few obsessive, slightly odd personalities, definitely.
Bob: Less and less, though what's happening to these people is perhaps a mystery. I think a lot of them have been forced to take on more business-focused roles.
Are IT people particularly into geeky pursuits?
Bob: There's people in the office who spend 20-30 hours a week on Warcraft. But I think you'd find people like that in the rest of the male population.
Harry: Guys on the coding team go home and work on open source stuff in their spare time, and I must confess, one of my hobbies is to build virtual machines when I'm not at work.
Shaheen: I think the only way I can relate to a lot of the stuff that goes on is that I'm into metal and rock – that subculture is massive among IT types.
Does the IT sector respect diversity?
Bob: There is sexism in IT. There are very few women in technical roles.
Harry: Where I work, there is a representative number of ethnic minorities and two women on the configuration team.
Shaheen: I've sat in meetings where senior consultants said: "She's not going to do anything" and "She doesn't know about it." I took it at the time, because I was new, but sexism is a very real thing in IT.
Does the advice "turn it on and off" really work?
Bob: With surprising regularity. From an outsider's point of view, that is everything that we do.
Harry: It solves 80% of problems. You've got to know when to switch it on and off. Switch it off, wait 10 seconds, then switch it on, that's the trick.
Shaheen: It does, but IT people dress it up. They'll say, "Have you given it a service reboot?" There are quite a few euphemisms they've developed because it's often effective. Like a "power recycling", "refresh" and things like that.
[Haskell] New haskell.org server
Hi all, We will shortly be replacing the haskell.org server with a more modern, commercially hosted machine. For now, the new server is available as http://new-www.haskell.org/ The ghc, hugs and nhc98 websites have been copied across, and there is a copy of the wiki (although that will be resynced when we change servers). We will also be moving the mailing lists at changeover time. *** If you know of anything else that haskell.org *** *** does, and should keep doing, please let us know *** *** now or it will break soon! *** *** *** *** If you have anything else on haskell.org, *** *** please find it a new home now! *** Note that if there are other services currently running on haskell.org, this may be a good time to consider moving them to the community server instead: http://community.haskell.org/ Meanwhile, we would like to thank Paul Hudak, John Peterson, Mark Wogahn, the Yale Workstation Support team and Yale University for hosting, running and maintaining the haskell.org server for countless years. We would also like to thank the Haskell Summer of Code team for providing the funding for the new server, and the community sysadmin team for agreeing to maintain it in the future. Thanks also to Thomas Schilling and Ashley Yakeley for getting the wiki up and running, and restyling it. Thanks Ian, on behalf of the Haskell Infrastructure team.
Education Minister Naftali Bennett on Monday said Israel should annex the West Bank, beginning with the Etzion bloc and Binyamin regions.
“The time has come to say Israel is ours,” they said at a meeting of the Knesset's Land of Israel Caucus. “To go from strategic defense to a process of initiating the implementation of Israeli sovereignty over the territories under Israeli control in Judea and Samaria.”
“We need to mark this as a strategic objective and stop the misunderstood message sent from Israel abroad,” added Bennett, who heads the Orthodox-nationalist Jewish Home party.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
The caucus, which urges continued Israeli control over the entire West Bank, convened to celebrate the publication of a new wine guide.
The “New Israeli Wine Guide,” written by Israel Hayom wine reporter Yair Gat and Gal Zohar, a former wine curator in London who is employed as a consultant by a number of Tel Aviv restaurants, initially did not include wines made in West Bank settlements. After facing a backlash from the caucus, which accused it of boycotting the settlements, the authors relented and included settlement wines.
Earlier this month, Bennett reiterated their longstanding call for West Bank annexation in an interview with JTA.
“The approach that I'm promoting is reasonable, sane. In the Middle East, we don't have the luxury to indulge in fantasy. If it were up to me, I would not wait. I would start with the Etzion bloc [in the West Bank near Jerusalem], and apply Israeli law and sovereignty on the Etzion bloc first,” the minister and leader of the Jewish Home party said.
“We did this twice before, both times unilaterally: in Jerusalem in 1967 and with the Golan in 1981. I would do it in 2015,” they added.
The caucus's “main goal is to strengthen the State of Israel's hold on all of the Land of Israel, particularly in Judea, Samaria and the Jordan Valley,” according to the Knesset website. It is chaired by Jewish Home MK Betzalel Smotrich and Likud MK Yoav Kisch.
Ilan Ben Zion contributed to this report.
Hello Age of Rebellion beta testers!
The final update (pdf, 1 MB) to the Star Wars®: Age of Rebellion™ beta is available for download. It includes new items (in red) as well as all the previous updates to the beta. Additionally, there is a dedicated thread in the General Discussion forum in which you can discuss any feedback directly related to this week's update. As always, you can email us directly at [email protected] to best ensure we see your feedback. Final Update Tomorrow, November 15th, marks the conclusion of the Age of Rebellion beta. Over the course of this testing period, you have given us lots of good feedback on all elements of this RPG, and I am confident in saying that it is the best game it can be thanks to all the work you have put into it.
On behalf of of the entire roleplaying game team here at Fantasy Flight, I would just like to say thank you to everyone who participated in this beta. It has been a blast reading your reports and discussions, and getting to immediately see your feedback on changes we were making to the system week by week. I was consistently impressed by the dedication and thoroughness you brought to testing this game, and by your passion for both this roleplaying game and for Star Wars.
We have stopped posting updates regarding the beta, but that is no reason for you to stop playing and discussing the game. Feedback and discussion on Age of Rebellion, or any of our RPGs, is always welcome. We will continue to implement changes based on your feedback throughout the entire development process. So keep on playing, and keep your eyes on the website for more news regarding the final release of Age of Rebellion and other upcoming projects.
Thank you again for all your hard work and dedication.
- Andy Fischer, Age of Rebellion developer
Charles Sebesta, a former Texas prosecutor who was disbarred for withholding evidence and using false testimony to secure the murder conviction of Anthony Graves, who was later exonerated after spending years in prison. Screenshot A former Texas prosecutor has been stripped of their law license after a panel of the State Bar of Texas determined they withheld evidence and used false testimony to win a capital murder conviction against a now exonerated death-row inmate.
A three-member evidentiary panel of the legal agency ordered Thursday the disbartenderst of Charles Sebesta, who spent 25 years as district attorney in Burleson and Washington counties, after finding they committed professional misconduct in their prosecution of accused murderer Anthony Graves.
Graves was convicted and sent to Texas death row for the 1992 slayings of six people. A federal appeals court reversed their conviction in 2006.
They were released from prison four years later, after a serving a dozen years on death row, when a special prosecutor determined they should be freed and declared innocent.
"It takes great courage to say a prosecutor was so clearly acting against the rules of fair play that they should be stripped of their law license," Graves said Friday in a statement released by their lawyers. "But the panel did just that, and I appreciate it.
"I have waited 20-plus years for complete justice and freedom. ... No one who makes it a goal to send a man to death row without evidence — and worse, while hiding evidence of my innocence — deserves to be a lawyer in Texas."
Sebesta left office in 2000 after 25 years as prosecutor in the two counties about 100 miles northwest of Houston. They did not immediately respond to telephone messages Friday from The Associated Press. Their State Bar profile lists them as retired.
They have said they continue to believe Graves is guilty and has posted extensively about the case on their personal website.
Anthony Graves, a former Texas death-row inmate, electronically files a grievance against former Burleson County District Attorney Charles Sebesta asking that Sebesta be held accountable by the State Bar of Texas for Graves' wrongful murder conviction. Marie D. De Jesus/Houston
Texas has achieved notoriety as the nation's most active death penalty state and prosecutors rarely have been punished for wrongdoing. Sebesta's disbartenderst comes about 18 months after another former district attorney, Ken Anderson, served four days in jail and forfeited their law license for the wrongful murder prosecution of a Central Texas man, Michael Morton.
Morton served nearly 25 years of a life prison term for the 1986 slaying of their wife but was freed after a special court of inquiry determined Anderson intentionally concealed evidence favorable to Morton's defense.
In Graves' case, another man, Robert Earl Carter, also received a death sentence for the killings and had testified that Graves was their accomplice. Carter subsequently recanted that testimony, including in the moments just before they were executed 15 years ago.
When a federal appeals court reversed Graves' conviction, it found Sebesta withheld that Carter told a grand jury that they committed the murders alone, and then allowed Carter and another witness to give false testimony.
Graves in January 2014 filed a grievance with the State Bar. A year ago the organization's Office of Disciplinary Counsel found "just cause" to believe Sebesta had violated ethics rules, leading to a four-day disciplinary hearing last month. Sebesta invoked their right under State Bar rules to keep those proceedings private.
Besides their 12 years on death row, Graves spent two years awaiting their first trial, then another four in jail awaiting a second trial.
"The ordeal experienced by Mr. Graves is almost unimaginable," their attorneys, Kathryn Kase, Neal Manne, and Charles Eskridge III, said in a statement Friday. "We are humbled and inspired by the grace and character they have shown throughout — including when they shook Mr. Sebesta's hand after the hearing ended and wished them well."
Graves and Carter were convicted separately of the murders of Bobbie Davis, 45; Nicole Davis, 16; Denitra Davis, 9; Brittany Davis, 6; Lea 'Erin Davis, 5; and Carter's 4-year-old son, Jason Davis. Court records showed Carter was upset that one of Davis' daughters had named them in a paternity suit, a step toward seeking child support.
The six victims had been stabbed or shot, or both, and were discovered by firefighters responding to a blaze at a home in Somerville, about 80 miles northwest of Houston, in the early morning hours of August 18, 1992. Evidence showed their killer tried to burn the bodies to hide the deaths.
Well-known liberal Ronald Reagan, before their ignominious ouster from the GOP.
Well-known liberal Ronald Reagan, before their ignominious ouster from the GOP.
The funny thing is, Reagan was a flaming liberal compared to today's American Taliban members and their views. In the conservative canon, Reagan was a heroic tax cutter and fiscal hawk, brought the Soviet Union down with their steely resolve and soaring rhetoric (“Mr. Gorbachev, tear down this wall!”), and made America proud of itself again. Reagan's record, though, was a bit different. They certainly passed massive tax cuts their first year in office, but then reversed many of them when they signed into law the Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 (TEFRA). Former Reagan advisor Bruce Bartlett wrote in 2003 that “according to a recent Treasury Department study, TEFRA alone raised taxes by almost 1 percent of the gross domestic product, making it the largest peacetime tax increase in American history.” Moreover, Reagan also backed a $3.3 billion gasoline tax and increased the Social Security tax rate. Sure, the Soviet Union fell soon after their presidency ended, but Reagan met and negotiated with Gorbachev – the head of the “evil empire” as Reagan themselves labeled the Soviet Union. As for their reputation as a fiscal hawk, it would be laughable, were it not for the fact that Reagan began the steep slide into deficit spending that inflicted long-term damage. And for a party that has worked tirelessly to destroy the civil rights of homosexuals, Reagan was a maverick in their strident opposition to the Briggs Initiative in California, which would've banned gays and lesbians from teaching in the public schools, and their opposition helped defeat the measure. Lastly, let's not forget that Reagan granted amnesty to millions of illegal aliens in 1986, a position antithetical to current American Taliban ideology. Any Republican today talking or governing like Ronald Reagan would earn a swift kick out of their party, labeled as a tax-raising, terrorist-negotiating, gay-loving, amnesty- granting, big spender. Yet that hasn't stopped the American Taliban from elevating Reagan to sainthood, airbrushing out their more nuanced beliefs and actions. Republicans have been thrown to the curb for far less these days.
Given how easily conservatives ignore the teachings of Jesus when pretending to be real Christians, it should come as no surprise that Conservative Hero Zombie Reagan is nothing like the real Reagan. As I wrote in American Taliban:
You can add "raising the debt ceiling" to that list, since Reagan raised the debt ceiling 18 times. It's been fun seeing House progressives rub that in the GOP's face.
When you have Republicans like Rep. Duncan Hunter calling Reagan "a former liberal ... who would never be elected today," or Mike Huckabbee noting the obvious that "Ronald Reagan would have a very difficult, if not impossible, time being nominated in this atmosphere of the Republican Party," you know something is wrong with today's GOP. As Steve Benen noted:
[S]houldn't that tell the political world something about the radicalism of today's GOP? What should Republicans take away from the fact that, by 2011 standards, their party would dismiss their demigod as a tax-raising, amnesty-loving, pro-bailout, cut-and-run, big-government Democrat?
It does say something. And if nothing else, it gives Democrats the ability to carry Reagan's mantle for themselves, which is quite hilarious. Quoting Bennen again:
I never thought I'd see the day that progressive Democrats claimed Reagan's mantle. I never thought I'd see the day that conservative Republicans let them.
BOCA DEL GRITA, Venezuela (Reuters) - Clutching egg cartons on their shoulder, a young man wades precariously through a muddy river on Venezuela's western jungle border where a Colombian shopkeeper will happily buy them up.
Men unload containers from a boat in the bay of Rio Caribe a town near caribbean islands, in the eastern state of Sucre, Venezuela October 29, 2015. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
On a peninsula jutting into the Caribbean, a fisherman sails under the cover of darkness to the nearby island of Aruba carrying everything from fish to flour.
In neighboring Guyana, miners and police officers drive vehicles fueled by contraband gasoline from Venezuela.
Driven by a deepening economic crisis, smuggling across Venezuela's land and maritime borders - as well as illicit domestic trading - has accelerated to unprecedented levels and is transforming society.
Although smuggling has a centuries-old history here, the socialist government's generous subsidies and a currency collapse have given it a dramatic new impetus.
As the formal economy tanks and businesses go under, more and more people have turned to myriad illicit schemes to trade food, medicine and gasoline. Criminal gangs, the poor, professionals and government officials are all cashing in.
The most eye-catching subsidy is for gasoline: filling a car costs just a few U.S. cents. A 40,000-liter tank truck can be filled for $10 at the black market rate and sold in Colombia for around $20,000 - a profit of nearly 200,000 percent.
For many facing recessions and triple-digit inflation, it is a matter of survival.
“We're obliged to engage in contraband,” said Alejandra, 41, who once raised chickens but now smuggles fuel across fields into Colombia to help feed their six children. They earn far more in a day than the roughly $10, at the black market rate, they used to in two weeks.
“Soldiers, teachers, engineers, doctors, dentists - all types of professional come here to sell gasoline because salaries aren't worth anything,” added Alejandra, in the fields of Guanarito, meters from the border.
In interviews with scores of smugglers and visits to more than a dozen sites - from the western village of Boca del Grita to the eastern port of Guiria and the borders with Brazil and Guyana - Reuters saw evidence of widespread unchecked smuggling.
President Nicolas Maduro's government says the illicit trade is worth more than $2 billion a year and is bleeding Venezuela dry with 30 percent of imported food, 40 percent of all goods and 100,000 barrels of oil per day smuggled out.
CRABS, BIRDS, EROTICA
Blaming smugglers for worsening scarcity, Maduro last year closed crossings into Colombia and around 2,000 suspects were rounded up.
Authorities nabbed two men smuggling 14,000 crabs to Trinidad, one man taking 57 tropical birds to Italy, and the owners of a sex shop trading “dangerous erotic products”.
On a larger scale, Venezuela's navy detained a state-owned oil tanker smuggling fuel.
Much of the smuggling stems from subsidies, intended to help the poor, on an array of goods from flour to fuel.
Rice, for example, is officially priced at 16 bolivars per kg, worth just two U.S. cents at the black market rate. On Venezuela's streets, it sells for 30 times that, and even more abroad.
Smuggling reduces the goods available to Venezuelans, thus worsening shortages. Frustration over shortages and the broader economic chaos led to a sweeping opposition victory in legislative elections last month and even some socialists are clamoring for policy changes.
“I don't mean the state has to renounce transferring subsidies to the poor, but the way it's done promotes and creates the conditions for smuggling,” Temir Porras, former aide to Maduro and their predecessor Hugo Chavez, told Reuters.
Vast differences between Venezuela's multiple exchange rates also fuel smuggling. There are three official rates: the strongest is 6.3 bolivars per dollar but on the black market the dollar sells for around 900 bolivars.
Dozens of smugglers said that officials are often themselves on the take or turn a blind eye. At smuggling points, soldiers and police officers routinely fail to intervene as traffickers pass by.
“We pay the National Guard a few thousand bolivars to get across, depending on what we have in the truck,” said one smuggler in the downtrodden western border town of Paraguachon, who moves food into Colombia in their pickup.
The government acknowledges some rotten apples in its ranks, but blames the chaos on an “economic war” by business groups and the opposition.
Neither the National Guard nor government responded to requests for comment.
‘BACHAQUEO'
A year ago, smugglers would openly walk into Colombia carrying pasta, flour and vegetable oil, or drive across to have fuel siphoned out of their vehicles.
Since the crackdown, they work surreptitiously, wading across rivers, using hidden tracks or paying discreet kickbacks along the 2,300-km (1,400-mile) border.
“It's impossible to block the border. These are two countries which need each other, like husband and wife,” said shopkeeper Luis Olarte, 38, in the Colombian town of Puerto Santander, across a river from Boca del Grita. They buy all their goods - from toothpaste to eggs - from smugglers.
Hundreds of miles to the east, in the Guyanese jungle town of Mabaruma, gasoline, flour, shampoo and other goods are brought across by boats. Flour marked only for sale in Venezuela is available in the markets of Guyana's capital Georgetown.
In the northeastern Venezuelan state of Sucre, fishermen sell gas on the high seas. They pay less than a cent at the black market rate for 60-liter jerry cans and then sell them for around $10 each to seafarers who scurry them off to nearby islands.
“They have to because a poor fisherman with a family doesn't earn enough to survive,” said Manuel Gonzalez, 70, president of the local fishing association, in a beachside bar.
On top of products smuggled abroad, price-controlled goods are also bought up and hawked internally for many times their official price.
It is so common that a new word has entered Venezuela's lexicon: “bachaquero,” named after a leaf-carrying ant. “Bachaqueros” line up time and again to buy subsidized goods for resale, mainly to the middle classes.
“We have contacts inside the supermarket and colleagues working at other locations who tell us what is arriving, when and where,” said a 24-year-old “bachaquera” outside a supermarket in the poor Caracas district of La Yaguara.
“No one wants to line up for eight hours,” they said.
So profitable is “bachaqueo” that many Venezuelans have given up formal jobs to do it full time. The number of informal workers is set to rise a third to 40 percent of the workforce this year, local think-tank Ecoanalitica says.
“(Smuggling) is very much a double-edged sword: subverting the formal economy and nurturing corruption yet also an important coping strategy that helps people survive difficult times,” said Peter Andreas, whose 2013 book “Smuggler Nation” charts the importance of contraband in U.S. history.
Exchange rate spreads have also created some white-collar schemes. Bond traders, for instance, boasted huge profits a decade ago when some were able to obtain hard currency at preferential rates.
Hundreds of years before today's “bachaqueros” and bond traders, smuggling flourished in this former Spanish colony.
In the 18th century, Spain's Royal Guipuzcoan Company was the sole legal buyer of Venezuelan goods from coffee to coconuts. However, enterprising locals, using the same routes as today's illicit traders, would smuggle them out for higher prices than the Spanish paid.
Slideshow (16 Images)
Today's enterprising locals also see bypassing the state as the best way to stay afloat.
At Las Piedras village on the northwestern Falcon peninsula, a 25-year-old fisherman recently prepared to smuggle fish, mayonnaise and butter to the island of Aruba.
“This is the best work you can get in Venezuela!”
Bengaluru: A mutual fund managed by Morgan Stanley has marked down the value of its holdings in Flipkart for the fifth consecutive quarter, even as India's most valuable internet start-up looks to close a fresh round of funding where it may end up raising as much as $1.5 billion from new and existing investors.
In a regulatory filing with the US Securities and Exchange Commission, Morgan Stanley Institutional Fund Trust has valued each share of Flipkart Online Services Pvt. Ltd at roughly $50.51 apiece, down from $52.13 a share during the September quarter.
Also read: How Flipkart got back in the game
The Morgan Stanley-owned mutual fund, which invested in Flipkart during its Series D round, currently holds 566,827 shares in the online retailer.
That indicates a valuation of about $5.37 billion—a marginal cut compared with the previous markdown from Morgan Stanley, when it slashed Flipkart's valuation by about 38% to $5.54 billion.
While the latest filing was issued by Morgan Stanley Institutional Fund Trust and the filing in November was issued by Morgan Stanley Select Dimensions Investment Series, the valuations mentioned by both funds are comparable since they both own common stock in Flipkart.
A Flipkart spokesperson did not immediately respond to a mail seeking comment on the latest markdown.
However, in earlier interviews, Flipkart founders Sachin Bansal and Binny Bansal (they are not related) have termed markdowns from mutual fund investors as “theoretical exercises".
In a recent interview, in fact, Sachin Bansal went as far as to call markdowns a symptom of “uninformed opinions of some small investors".
“See, we are not a public company, so we don't release our numbers publicly. Any investor who has an opinion on our valuation outside, including who are already invested in us, they are doing it (markdowns) based on some public information which is accessible to everybody... As we've always said, valuation is what will happen when a real transaction takes place and not just on paper," said Bansal in an interview on 8 December.
Earlier in February, Mint first reported that Flipkart was in talks for a mammoth fund-raising of up to $1.5 billion from new investors, including Tencent Holdings Ltd, eBay Inc., PayPal Holdings Inc. and Microsoft Corp., at a valuation of $10-12 billion. Flipkart also announced a strategic partnership with Microsoft earlier in February.
In January, Mint reported that US mutual fund giant Fidelity Investments had slashed the valuation of its holdings in Flipkart by more than a third in November to about $5.58 billion.
The latest valuation from Morgan Stanley is likely to be off the mark, as Flipkart is currently in talks to raise fresh funds at a valuation of $10-12 billion, according to at least three people aware of Flipkart's present fund-raising talks.
Moreover, over the past six months, Flipkart has witnessed the beginning of a turnaround in its fortunes under former Tiger Global Management executive Kalyan Krishnamurthy, who took over as CEO in January and has reclaimed the top spot in Indian e-commerce from arch-rival Amazon India, when stand-alone gross monthly sales are taken into account.
Investors and experts that Mint spoke to also said the latest markdown will have little bearing on its latest fund-raising efforts.
However, a valuation of $10-12 billion would still indicate that India's e-commerce poster boy is likely to witness a so-called “down round" when it next raises fresh capital, given that it last raised funds at a peak $15 billion valuation back in 2015.
And while the recent valuation markdowns from several mutual funds, including Fidelity Investments, Vanguard Group and T. Rowe Price, might not accurately reflect Flipkart's exact current valuation, the markdowns in a way reflect the prevailing investor sentiment that most of India's large, new-age Internet start-ups are overvalued.
Over the past 12 months, at least five mutual fund investors have marked down Flipkart's valuation.
Flipkart, however, isn't the only large Indian “unicorn" start-up facing a mark down in its valuation.
Earlier in February, Mint reported that Vanguard Group had slashed the valuation of its stake in India's largest cab-hailing service Ola by more than 40%, pegging its valuation at about $3 billion, down from a peak valuation of $5 billion in 2015.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Jan. 30, 2017, 4:22 PM GMT / Updated Jan. 30, 2017, 4:22 PM GMT By The Associated Press
The Philippine police chief stopped the use of the national police force in anti-drug operations Monday and disbanded all police anti-narcotics units after the president's brutal crackdown was used as a cover by rogue officers to kidnap and kill a South Korean man for money.
Police Director-General Ronald Dela Rosa told police officers they would use the indefinite halt of anti-drug operations to launch a massive purge of police involved in crimes. A counter-intelligence force would be formed to catch rogue officers and records of those previously implicated in crimes would be reviewed.
Policemen investigate a crime scene where a woman was shot dead by unidentified gunmen in Manila, Jan. 5, 2017. President Rodrigo Duterte's war against drugs has claimed about 6,000 thousand lives. Noel Celis / AFP/Getty Images
"No more drug operations now," Dela Rosa told police officers at the main police camp, without indicating how long the ban would last.
An estimated 7,000 drug-related killings have occurred since President Rodrigo Duterte started their anti-drug crackdown in July, and more than 2,500 of those involved suspects who allegedly fought back and were gunned down in clashes with police, the national police said, adding 35 police officers and three soldiers had been killed.
The scale of the anti-drug campaign has been unprecedented, with officials reporting that more than 7 million houses of drug suspects have been visited so far, prompting more than 1.1 million mostly drug users to surrender and agree to undergo rehabilitation programs.
Related: Philippines' Deadly Drug War
Human rights watchdogs have suspected extrajudicial killings of drug suspects may have been covertly carried out by police or at their behest.
Phelim Kine, deputy Asia director at U.S.-based Human Rights Watch, said the temporary stoppage in police anti-drug operations to allow an internal police purge "is nothing less than an empty public relations gesture unless they seek meaningful accountability for the more than 7,000 Filipinos killed" in the crackdown.
While Dela Rosa has suspended police operations, Duterte has declared their crackdown would continue up the last day of their six-year term.
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte listens as Philippine National Police Director General Ronald Dela Rosa whispers to him, during a late night news conference at the presidential palace in Manila, Philippines, Jan. 29, 2017. Ezra Acayan / Reuters
"We have to focus our effort toward internal cleansing and by the time we have cleansed the national police, the president will determine that and they will instruct us to go back to our war on drugs," said Dela Rosa, warning wrongdoers they face dire punishments.
"You police officers involved in syndicates, let's see what happens now, fight back so you'll end up dead," Dela Rosa said. "You will be killed by this counter-intelligence task force."
With the police essentially taken out of the crackdown, most of the work would shift to the Philippine Drug Enforcement Agency, which has a much smaller number of enforcers, Dela Rosa said.
Related: Philippine President Under Fire For Claims They ‘Personally' Killed Criminals
As to how the police crisis affects drug lords, "this is a momentary victory on your part," the police chief said, expressing fears that use of methamphetamine, locally known as "shabu," may rise again. "Go ahead and enjoy, but there is always a time for reckoning."
Police officer Ricky Sta. Isabel (C), one of the suspects in the kidnapping and murder of South Korean business person Jee Ick Joo, is escorted by fellow police officers as they leave the National Bureau of Investigation building in Manila on Jan. 20, 2017. A South Korean business person kidnapped by Philippine police officers under the guise of a raid on illegal drugs was murdered at the national police headquarters in Manila, authorities said. Noel Celis / AFP/Getty Images
The crisis was sparked by the kidnapping and killing of a South Korean business person, who was snatched by police officers for ransom using a fake warrant for their arrest for a purported drug offense. But the victim was killed at the main police camp in metropolitan Manila, and the officers collected the ransom without telling their wife they were dead, according to police. They were allegedly cremated, their ashes flushed down a toilet bowl, according to an angry Duterte.
Two of the officers suspected of carrying out the crime were on a key anti-drug force. Dela Rosa resigned amid the scandal but Duterte asked them to stay on.
Earlier this week UK Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn gave a speech that was almost universally considered to be political suicide.
And speaking in London, they will say the West needs an effective response to ISIS that “fights rather than fuels terrorism”.
They will vow that a Labour government would change the UK's approach – signalling British troops would be brought back home.
“We must be brave enough to admit the ‘war on terror' is simply not working,” they will say...
One senior Tory said: “This speech is offensive, insulting to those who have sacrificed their lives abroad defending us at home and totally out of touch with the mood of the country.”
...But an ex-Labour frontbencher told the Sun: “It's clear he's making a link between the efforts of our troops and Manchester.
“This weak and warped world view only gives comfort to Britain's enemies. Patriotic Labour MPs will be appalled .”
Why would Corbyn say this?
What could have possibly inspired them to say that the Manchester suicide bomber had something to do with UK foreign policy?
Corbyn may not have given details on the connection, but there is a direct link.
MI6 appears to have funnelled foreign fighters with suspected links to al-Qaeda from the streets of Britain to Libya. Salman Abedi and members of their close family, who are now arrested, were among these people. Abedi would go on, it is alleged, to join the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL, also known as ISIS).
Yes, that is as bad as it sounds.
Abedi was an MI6 terrorist asset that came home after being trained in the arts of terrorism.
Three quarters of all foreign fighters in Libya came from Manchester.
Game, set, match. Corbyn wins.
But wait. It gets even worse.
During Gaddafi's reign, Britain's foreign intelligence agency, MI6, sponsored a group of mujahideen who had recently fought in Afghanistan against the Soviets. They were to assassinate Gaddafi himself. The Libyan Islamic Fighting Group (LIFG) was allegedly given $160,000 for a failed assassination attempt in February 1996, in which several bodyguards were killed. MI6 had strange bedfellows while they propped up the group - Osama bin Laden was also reportedly financing the group at the time.
When the so-called "war on terror" began, however, the LIFG was swiftly proscribed. The fact that they denied any formal alliance with Osama bin Laden was irrelevant to British authorities. In 2004 MI6 arranged for an exiled LIFG leader, Abdel Hakim Belhaj, to be transferred into Gaddafi's torture dungeons, with the Libyan intelligence chief saying, "This was the least [the UK] could do for you and for Libya to demonstrate the remarkable relationship we have built in recent years".
In 2011, however, following the Arab Spring, the LIFG was suddenly back inside the British tent.
So the spooks at MI6 funded terrorists, betrayed them, and then supported them again.
Who could have guessed that this would go poorly?
Not Home Secretary Amber Rudd who said Corbyn's statement was "outrageous".
Not Defence Secretary Michael Fallon who said Corbyn was "wrong to link foreign policy to terror", ignoring the fact that UK's Libyan policy was terror.
So why the phony outrage by the UK political elites?
Guess who was Home Secretary when the UK was exporting terrorism to Libya? The current warmonger in chief, Theresa May.
And as Home Secretary, May attended a total of fifty-five national security council meetings on Libya, between March and November 2011. Yet that council's report [pdf] on Libya fails to flag up any implications for domestic terrorism in Britain.
Some might say that there was no way for May to know...except that Muammar Gaddafi warned the UK in 2011 that they were opening Pandora's Box.
No thought to the consequences was ever considered.
David Cameron's intervention in Libya was carried out with no proper intelligence analysis, drifted into an unannounced goal of regime change and shirked its moral responsibility to help reconstruct the country following the fall of Muammar Gaddafi, according to a scathing report by the foreign affairs select committee. The failures led to the country becoming a failed a state on the verge of all-out civil war, the report adds. The report, the product of a parliamentary equivalent of the Chilcot inquiry into the Iraq war, closely echoes the criticisms widely made of Tony Blair's intervention in Iraq, and may yet come to be as damaging to Cameron's foreign policy legacy.
It concurs with Barack Obama's assessment that the intervention was “a shitshow”, and repeats the US president's claim that France and Britain lost interest in Libya after Gaddafi was overthrown. Cameron has refused to give evidence to the select committee. In one of their few reflections on their major military intervention, they blamed the Libyan people for failing to take their chance of democracy.
For now the establishment is attempting to use the "How dare you!" method of dealing with Corbyn's statement of truth/heresy. However, it doesn't appear to be working.
The original Coda Restaurant location, most recently Prospero, is back in business again. This time, new owners Mike and Sue Navarro, are drawing upon an old recipe that some Buffalonians might still be familiar with. Mike and Sue formerly ran Bellini's (now Snooty Fox) on Delaware back in the day (2001 to 2006). Now they are bringing back a similar concept, but extremely scaled down… for those who are familiar with the space, it's very limited seating. Because of that, Bellini's has the ability to become one of the most coveted eateries in the city.
After two years of seeing this corner closed for business, I am extremely happy to see the lights on once again. There's nothing else like it in the city. Bellini's is situated in a historic neighborhood setting, with Kleinhans on its doorstep. All of this lends incredibly well to this quaint, walkable neighborhood bistro.
Since opening, Bellini's has already had a sensational response from the neighborhood, without making an attempt at a big splash on any traditional or social media. As soon as the lights were turned on, inquisitive people showed up in droves. I love these little neighborhood spots, where you can walk in on a cold night, order a beer or a bottle of wine (no cocktails), find a cozy corner and sit down to a caprese salad and an Adriatic seafood fettucine. Now that sounds like a dream. Thankfully that dream has come true in the form of Bellini's.
We need more of these off the beaten path, tucked away gems in Buffalo.
Bellini's Bistro | 350 Pennsylvania Street | Corner of Pennsylvania and Normal behind Kleinhans | Buffalo NY | 716-342-2388 | Facebook
Tuesday – Saturday | Serving dinner starting at 5pm | Chef Mike Navarro
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
On Saturday, Virginia state Sen. Mark Obenshain clinched their party's nomination for attorney general in the November election. And much like the rest of the GOP ticket, he's got some baggage. ThinkProgress swiftly unearthed a bill they authored in 2009 that would subject women to legal penalties if they fail to report a miscarriage to the police.
Here's the relevant portion of their bill:
When a fetal death occurs without medical attendance upon the mother at or after the delivery or abortion, the mother or someone acting on their behalf shall, within 24 hours, report the fetal death, location of the remains, and identity of the mother to the local or state police or sheriff's department of the city or county where the fetal death occurred. No one shall remove, destroy, or otherwise dispose of any remains without the express authorization of law-enforcement officials or the medical examiner. Any person violating the provisions of this subsection shall be guilty of a Class 1 misdemeanor.
The penalty for a class 1 misdemeanor is up to 12 months in jail and $2,500 in fines. Obenshain's deputy campaign manager, Jared Walczak, told the Huffington Post that the bill (which never passed) was in response to a 2008 case in which a Virginia college student disposed of their reportedly stillborn baby in a dumpster:
“As sometimes happens, the legislation that emerged was far too broad, and would have had ramifications that neither they nor the Commonwealth's attorney's office ever intended,” Walczak said. “Sen. Obenshain is strongly against imposing any added burden for women who suffer a miscarriage, and that was never the intent of the legislation.”
Thinking through the legal ramifications of a proposed law seems like it should be standard procedure for someone who wants to be attorney general, but maybe I'm too optimistic.
Obenshain's nomination is only the latest outgrowth of Virginia's vagina obsession, though. In 2012, the state passed an invasive ultrasound law and set ultra-strict new building codes for abortion providers. Rev. E.W. Jackson, the party's nominee for lieutenant governor, has compared Planned Parenthood to the KKK. And then, not to be outdone, there's attorney general Ken Cuccinelli, the Republican gubernatorial nominee, who thinks abortion is just like slavery.
Grow adspacehere Feb 24th, 2014 287 Never 287Never
Not a member of Pastebin yet? Sign Up , it unlocks many cool features!
rawdownloadcloneembedreportprint text 6.32 KB // * This calls alarm functions at 8:30 am and at 8:45 pm (20:45) // * turning lights on at night and off in the morning // * // * At startup the time is set to Feb 5 2014 8:29 am // */ //***********************************************************************/ #include <Time.h> //http://www.pjrc.com/teensy/td_libs_Time.html #include <TimeAlarms.h> //http://www.pjrc.com/teensy/td_libs_TimeAlarms.html #include <dht11.h> #define Relay_1 22 //12V Lighting Rail (10W COB LED, WHITES) #define Relay_2 23 //36V Lighting Rail (50W COB LED) #define Relay_3 24 //INTAKE 12V 200mA Fan #define Relay_4 25 //INTAKE 12V 1.74A Fan #define Relay_5 26 //EXHAUST 12V 1.74A Fan #define Relay_6 27 // #define Relay_7 28 // #define Relay_8 29 //12V 3L/min Water Pump #define DHT11PIN 2 //DHT11 Digital Temp/Humidity Sensor #define RELAY_ON 0 #define RELAY_OFF 1 dht11 DHT11; int chk = DHT11.read(DHT11PIN); //*********************************************************************** void setup() { Serial.begin(9600); setTime(8,29,0,2,5,14); // set time to Saturday 8:29:00am Feb 5 2014 pinMode(Relay_1, OUTPUT); digitalWrite(Relay_1, RELAY_OFF); pinMode(Relay_2, OUTPUT); digitalWrite(Relay_2, RELAY_OFF); pinMode(Relay_3, OUTPUT); digitalWrite(Relay_3, RELAY_OFF); pinMode(Relay_4, OUTPUT); digitalWrite(Relay_4, RELAY_OFF); pinMode(Relay_5, OUTPUT); digitalWrite(Relay_5, RELAY_OFF); pinMode(Relay_6, OUTPUT); digitalWrite(Relay_6, RELAY_OFF); pinMode(Relay_7, OUTPUT); digitalWrite(Relay_7, RELAY_OFF); pinMode(Relay_8, OUTPUT); digitalWrite(Relay_8, RELAY_OFF); // ********************create the alarms ******************************* Alarm.alarmRepeat(8,30,0, Morning); // 8:30am every day Alarm.alarmRepeat(20,45,0, Evening); // 8:45pm every day Alarm.timerRepeat(60, CheckTemp); // timer every 60 seconds, reads DHT11 Alarm.timerRepeat(3600, WaterTime); // timer every 60 min, turns on pump for 5 seconds } //*********************************************************************** //*********************************************************************** void loop() { digitalClockDisplay(); Alarm.delay(60000); // wait one minute between clock display } //*********************************************************************** //*********************************************************************** // ALARM FUNCTIONS //*********************************************************************** // Morning Alarm******************************************************** void Morning(){ Serial.println("Alarm: - turn lights off"); digitalWrite(Relay_1, RELAY_OFF); digitalWrite(Relay_2, RELAY_OFF); digitalWrite(Relay_3, RELAY_OFF); digitalWrite(Relay_4, RELAY_OFF);} //Evening Alarm********************************************************* void Evening(){ Serial.println("Alarm: - turn lights on"); digitalWrite(Relay_1, RELAY_ON); digitalWrite(Relay_2, RELAY_ON); digitalWrite(Relay_3, RELAY_ON); digitalWrite(Relay_4, RELAY_ON);} //*********************************************************************** // WATER PUMP *********************************************************** //*********************************************************************** void WaterTime() { digitalWrite(Relay_8, RELAY_ON); delay(5000); digitalWrite(Relay_8, RELAY_OFF); } //*********************************************************************** // READS TEMPERATURE SENSOR********************************************* //*********************************************************************** void CheckTemp(){ Serial.print("Read sensor: "); switch (chk){ case 0: Serial.println("OK"); break; case -1: Serial.println("Checksum error"); break; case -2: Serial.println("Time out error"); break; default: Serial.println("Unknown error"); break;} Serial.print("Temperature (C): "); Serial.println((float)DHT11.temperature, 1); Serial.println("<br />"); Serial.print("Temperature (F): "); Serial.println(Fahrenheit(DHT11.temperature), 1); Serial.println("<br />"); Serial.print("Humidity (%): "); Serial.println((float)DHT11.humidity, 0); Serial.println("<br />"); Serial.print("Temperature (K): "); Serial.println(Kelvin(DHT11.temperature), 1); Serial.println("<br />"); Serial.print("Dew Point (C): "); Serial.println(dewPoint(DHT11.temperature, DHT11.humidity)); Serial.println("<br />"); } //*********************Displays Time******************************************* void digitalClockDisplay() { Serial.print(hour()); printDigits(minute()); printDigits(second()); Serial.println(); } void printDigits(int digits) { Serial.print(":"); if(digits < 10) Serial.print('0'); Serial.print(digits); } //*********************************************************************** //Celsius to Fahrenheit conversion //*********************************************************************** double Fahrenheit(double celsius) { return 1.8 * celsius + 32; } //*********************************************************************** //Celsius to Kelvin conversion //*********************************************************************** double Kelvin(double celsius) { return celsius + 273.15; } //*********************************************************************** // dewPoint function NOAA // reference: http://wahiduddin.net/calc/density_algorithms.htm //*********************************************************************** double dewPoint(double celsius, double humidity) { double A0= 373.15/(273.15 + celsius); double SUM = -7.90298 * (A0-1); SUM += 5.02808 * log10(A0); SUM += -1.3816e-7 * (pow(10, (11.344*(1-1/A0)))-1) ; SUM += 8.1328e-3 * (pow(10,(-3.49149*(A0-1)))-1) ; SUM += log10(1013.246); double VP = pow(10, SUM-3) * humidity; double T = log(VP/0.61078); // temp var return (241.88 * T) / (17.558-T); }
RAW Paste Data
// * This calls alarm functions at 8:30 am and at 8:45 pm (20:45) // * turning lights on at night and off in the morning // * // * At startup the time is set to Feb 5 2014 8:29 am // */ //***********************************************************************/ #include <Time.h> //http://www.pjrc.com/teensy/td_libs_Time.html #include <TimeAlarms.h> //http://www.pjrc.com/teensy/td_libs_TimeAlarms.html #include <dht11.h> #define Relay_1 22 //12V Lighting Rail (10W COB LED, WHITES) #define Relay_2 23 //36V Lighting Rail (50W COB LED) #define Relay_3 24 //INTAKE 12V 200mA Fan #define Relay_4 25 //INTAKE 12V 1.74A Fan #define Relay_5 26 //EXHAUST 12V 1.74A Fan #define Relay_6 27 // #define Relay_7 28 // #define Relay_8 29 //12V 3L/min Water Pump #define DHT11PIN 2 //DHT11 Digital Temp/Humidity Sensor #define RELAY_ON 0 #define RELAY_OFF 1 dht11 DHT11; int chk = DHT11.read(DHT11PIN); //*********************************************************************** void setup() { Serial.begin(9600); setTime(8,29,0,2,5,14); // set time to Saturday 8:29:00am Feb 5 2014 pinMode(Relay_1, OUTPUT); digitalWrite(Relay_1, RELAY_OFF); pinMode(Relay_2, OUTPUT); digitalWrite(Relay_2, RELAY_OFF); pinMode(Relay_3, OUTPUT); digitalWrite(Relay_3, RELAY_OFF); pinMode(Relay_4, OUTPUT); digitalWrite(Relay_4, RELAY_OFF); pinMode(Relay_5, OUTPUT); digitalWrite(Relay_5, RELAY_OFF); pinMode(Relay_6, OUTPUT); digitalWrite(Relay_6, RELAY_OFF); pinMode(Relay_7, OUTPUT); digitalWrite(Relay_7, RELAY_OFF); pinMode(Relay_8, OUTPUT); digitalWrite(Relay_8, RELAY_OFF); // ********************create the alarms ******************************* Alarm.alarmRepeat(8,30,0, Morning); // 8:30am every day Alarm.alarmRepeat(20,45,0, Evening); // 8:45pm every day Alarm.timerRepeat(60, CheckTemp); // timer every 60 seconds, reads DHT11 Alarm.timerRepeat(3600, WaterTime); // timer every 60 min, turns on pump for 5 seconds } //*********************************************************************** //*********************************************************************** void loop() { digitalClockDisplay(); Alarm.delay(60000); // wait one minute between clock display } //*********************************************************************** //*********************************************************************** // ALARM FUNCTIONS //*********************************************************************** // Morning Alarm******************************************************** void Morning(){ Serial.println("Alarm: - turn lights off"); digitalWrite(Relay_1, RELAY_OFF); digitalWrite(Relay_2, RELAY_OFF); digitalWrite(Relay_3, RELAY_OFF); digitalWrite(Relay_4, RELAY_OFF);} //Evening Alarm********************************************************* void Evening(){ Serial.println("Alarm: - turn lights on"); digitalWrite(Relay_1, RELAY_ON); digitalWrite(Relay_2, RELAY_ON); digitalWrite(Relay_3, RELAY_ON); digitalWrite(Relay_4, RELAY_ON);} //*********************************************************************** // WATER PUMP *********************************************************** //*********************************************************************** void WaterTime() { digitalWrite(Relay_8, RELAY_ON); delay(5000); digitalWrite(Relay_8, RELAY_OFF); } //*********************************************************************** // READS TEMPERATURE SENSOR********************************************* //*********************************************************************** void CheckTemp(){ Serial.print("Read sensor: "); switch (chk){ case 0: Serial.println("OK"); break; case -1: Serial.println("Checksum error"); break; case -2: Serial.println("Time out error"); break; default: Serial.println("Unknown error"); break;} Serial.print("Temperature (C): "); Serial.println((float)DHT11.temperature, 1); Serial.println("<br />"); Serial.print("Temperature (F): "); Serial.println(Fahrenheit(DHT11.temperature), 1); Serial.println("<br />"); Serial.print("Humidity (%): "); Serial.println((float)DHT11.humidity, 0); Serial.println("<br />"); Serial.print("Temperature (K): "); Serial.println(Kelvin(DHT11.temperature), 1); Serial.println("<br />"); Serial.print("Dew Point (C): "); Serial.println(dewPoint(DHT11.temperature, DHT11.humidity)); Serial.println("<br />"); } //*********************Displays Time******************************************* void digitalClockDisplay() { Serial.print(hour()); printDigits(minute()); printDigits(second()); Serial.println(); } void printDigits(int digits) { Serial.print(":"); if(digits < 10) Serial.print('0'); Serial.print(digits); } //*********************************************************************** //Celsius to Fahrenheit conversion //*********************************************************************** double Fahrenheit(double celsius) { return 1.8 * celsius + 32; } //*********************************************************************** //Celsius to Kelvin conversion //*********************************************************************** double Kelvin(double celsius) { return celsius + 273.15; } //*********************************************************************** // dewPoint function NOAA // reference: http://wahiduddin.net/calc/density_algorithms.htm //*********************************************************************** double dewPoint(double celsius, double humidity) { double A0= 373.15/(273.15 + celsius); double SUM = -7.90298 * (A0-1); SUM += 5.02808 * log10(A0); SUM += -1.3816e-7 * (pow(10, (11.344*(1-1/A0)))-1) ; SUM += 8.1328e-3 * (pow(10,(-3.49149*(A0-1)))-1) ; SUM += log10(1013.246); double VP = pow(10, SUM-3) * humidity; double T = log(VP/0.61078); // temp var return (241.88 * T) / (17.558-T); }
Visualizing the Hottest 100
Today radio station Triple J finished broadcasting their Hottest 100 tracks of all time, the first all-time vote since 1998. For those outside Australia and not familiar with the tradition of the Hottest 100, it began back in 1989 and results are determined by listener votes. After two more years the format changed and votes were restricted to tracks released over the previous year, presumably because the top 10 became a list of the usual suspects. Since then 1998 and this year have been the only all-time hottest votes. A traditional favourite, Love Will Tear Us Apart by Joy Division, which was #1 in two of the first three all-time charts only made it to #4 this year, but Nirvana's Smells Like Teen Spirit was #1 in the third and again in 1989 1998 and this year it made it to #1 for a third time.
Thanks to the wonderful collaborative spirit of Web 2.0, this year's full list is already up on Wikipedia, complete with the year of release of each track. This allows me to indulge in my data mining hobby, which is why I am posting here rather than over on the The Music Blogs. So, inspired by a suggestion from Mark Lauer, a regular Mule reader (and careful sub-editor), here is a look at the distribution of the hottest 100 tracks by year of release.
Hottest 100 Track Ranking by Year of Release
While the density certainly increases after about 1995, reflecting a lot of new entrants since the early charts, there is no clear trend along the 45 degree line (and, for the technically-minded, the R2 is about 0.1%). So, while there are not as many oldies in the chart, those oldies that do make it in are just as likely to rank well as the newer entrants. To make the most of the R code I wrote to produce this chart, here is the same thing showing artist name rather than track name.
Hottest 100 Artist Ranking by Year of Release
To get a better sense of the distribution of rank and year, here is a chart that just shows the location of the tracks by year and rank.
Hottest 100 Rank versus Year of Release
Seeing the data just as points like this shows a concentration of tracks released around the mid-90s. A histogram of the year of release confirms this.
Of course, I'm sure this says more about the demographics of voters than the preponderance of true classics in the 90s.
UPDATE: In this tweet, @nicwalmsley suggested an artist scoring system: 100 points for ranking 1st, 1 point for ranking 100th. As they note, this system puts Radiohead, Jeff Buckley and Nirvana in 1st, 2nd and 3rd place respectively. Here are the top 10 artists by this measure.
Radiohead 343 Jeff Buckley 269 Nirvana 188 Powderfinger 154 Metallica 152 The Beatles 149 The Smashing Pumpkins 139 Pearl Jam 138 Michael Jackson 135 Pink Floyd 13
FURTHER UPDATE: @Warlach has laboured hard to assemble the full Hottest 100 as a blip.fm playlist.
YET ANOTHER UPDATE: In case you are wondering about the geographic mix, as expected the list is dominated by the US and the UK.
USA 45 UK 37 Australia 15 France 2 Jamaica 1
The pedants should note that I've counted System of a Down in the USA (rather than the USA/Armenia) and Crowded House as Australia (rather than Australia/New Zealand). I hope that doesn't offend our Kiwi cousins!
Possibly Related Posts (automatically generated):
This is Part Two of a three-part blogpost on political remuneration in Ireland. Part One was published last weekend, and is available here, it focuses on the detail of salary and benefits and has been updated with some new information since last weekend. It's worth saying that the value of the Oireachtas pension which costs TDs and senators 6% of their salary each year, has yet to be calculated but with life expectancy for men at 77 years and women at 82 years, average returns on private pensions of 1.1% per annum between 2001-2011, a guaranteed 50% final salary scheme based on 20 years service, and a generous lump sum arrangement, I can't see how it would cost less than 20% of annual salary in the private sector.
There is now going to be a Part Three following the acquisition on here of details of political expenses paid for by the grants provided by the State to political parties – politicians, it seems, aren't limited to direct payments for their political income; the information is presently being analysed. Part Three will also examine the failure of the mainstream media in Ireland to report on the cost of the political system and the lack of transparency over how our money is spent, and with whom it is spent.
Part One allows us to, for example, challenge ministers when they claim their salary increments are justified because, upon being promoted to the office of minister, they lose the Travel and Accommodation allowance that applies to TDs, because in response, you can say “but then you get a new dual abode allowance which allows you to buy a Dublin home, an annual unvouched tax free allowance of up €6,500, plus two drivers plus a mileage allowance of up to €1.14 per mile plus hotel, service charge, overnight subsistence and even a gift allowance”; and judging by the Ruari Quinn mileage expense claim reported last Sunday in the Mail, the mileage allowance is not subjected to the tightest scrutiny. You can also ask someone like the affable Mick Wallace, what we get in return for a €92,692 salary, a gold-plated pension, a personal representative allowance of €15,000 (unvouched) to €27,000 (vouched), a travel allowance of €32,966 (Mick being 130 km from Leinster House), an independent's allowance of €41,152, a secretarial allowance of €41,092 an €8,000 grant for a constituency office, termination payments, free facilities at Leinster House etc. And let's not forget Mick's well-publicised distractions in dealing with their own extracurricular businesses. And you might ask if the €250,000-plus potential annual cost of Mick, as unconventional and decent a man as they no doubt is, is good value for money.
Comparison UK
There has already been a blogpost on here comparing the cost of our politicians with those in our nearest neighbour, the UK, which of course is not in an IMF programme, is a sub-Superpower with nuclear energy, which has control of/responsibility for its fiscal and monetary policy, whose economy is 10 times bigger than ours and whose political constituencies are three times bigger than ours (average Irish TD looks after 27,500 citizens, average UK MP looks after 95,000). That the emperor has no clothes is not just apposite for Treasury Holdings.
Personal Reward (Sinn Fein and United Left Alliance)
Whilst messages from this blog to the two parties that comprise the United Left Alliance (ULA), namely the Socialist Party and People before Profit parties, weren't responded to, it is claimed in the media that the four TDs from these two parties adopt a remuneration policy similar to Sinn Fein's. I don't wish to offend anyone's political loyalties, but a general statement on the matter, perhaps on the two parties' websites might clarify the matter. With respect to Sinn Fein, each deputy and senator is paid the average industrial wage of €34,000 and then, personal tax and PRSI is paid on this €34,000 – typically the TD will end up with about €25,000 net. The rest is used at a local constituency level for party activities and that typically involves the employment of political activists. Sinn Fein has no special policy on pensions, but that party has the dubious privilege of not having to deal with it – in this Dail there are 14 Sinn Fein TDs, in the last Dail there were only four (five when Pearse Doherty was elected in November 2010), and in the previous Dail there were five, and before that just one. As far as I can see, Arthur Morgan (now aged 57) is the only past Sinn Fein TD and we don't know what their pension arrangements are, but with only nine years service between 2002-2011, a salary of 9/40ths of €92,672 will not be significant even at age 65. Sinn Fein claims actual expenses only, as opposed to vouched expenses.
So given the straitened times we live in, it seems that Sinn Fein and the ULA are heroes in their personal sacrifice. Having said that however, the gross cost to the State of Sinn Fein and the ULA is exactly the same as any other party. And the second aim of this blogpost was to highlight the cost of our political system.
Part Two
Part Two is aimed at placing these political costs in context and examining the damage done to society and the economy by our gobsmackingly overpaid politicians. Again, the country needs presently borrow €300m a week to fund the difference between tax collected and state expenditure. Even in 2015, if all goes to plan, and we have a 3% deficit, that will still mean we need borrow 3% of €170bn, or €5bn a year or €100m per week. We are facing into a further four years of austerity/reform and by comparison with 2011, we will need to adjust our budget annually by €12.4bn in 2015. With respect, if anyone thinks we will avoid a substantial household charge, university fees, cuts to public sector salaries, cuts to basic social welfare rates, cuts to frontline services, increases in mortality rates/class sizes/crime and reductions in education standards/crime detection rates/ available hospital beds, not to mention tax-rate increases and a wealth tax, and perhaps even an increase in corporate tax rates, then I think you're deluded. €12.4bn is the annual adjustment needed, and that assumes economic growth which is far from certain, and assumes we will be able to borrow money to fill the €100m-a-week deficit in 2015. And it should be said that this is required regardless of bank bailout costs.
With a €12.4bn annual adjustment needed, the three main criteria for individual adjustments will be that they are undertaken quickly, efficiently and fairly. “Quickly” is easy to understand and measure, “efficiently” is less clear because there will be argument about cause and effect – do you raise VAT which drives down demand? do you cut public sector numbers or can you employ the same number with lower salary? how much can you tax wealth without it emigrating? – but it is the term “fairly” about which there will be most argument, and each of us has our tribes and vested interests and corner to fight. But “fairness” might objectively balance “ability to contribute” with “damage to the economy”. So a wealth tax akin to France's or Italy's may be needed, but any tax needs to take account of consequent behaviour and if you tax too much, the income or wealth may absent itself from the economy and since we don't have capital controls or a Warsaw Pact approach to the free movement of people, any changes need to be sensitively considered.
Leadership
But in this war – and the fact that this country can't pay its way is the greatest threat to our notion of sovereignty, so “war” is apt – to reduce the deficit, we need leaders. And our political leadership cannot continue to draw such plutocratic sums from the public purse whilst seeking to impose austerity on the rest of society. Or if it does, we end up with an unfair society, “the sow that eats their own farrow”, social unrest which at one end of the spectrum results in economic loss through days lost and low-level disorder and at the other extreme sees the collapse of law and order and loss of life and, mass emigration again and a place where the majority don't want to live.
Turning to our leader, I should start off by saying I have no small amount of respect for An Taoiseach of the country, Enda Kenny. They lead a strong government not compromised by the whims of independents or dissidents at every turn. They have a rotten economic situation to deal with, and they haven't buckled under their responsibilities.  They are the “father of the house” in the sense they are the longest-serving politician in the Dail, and that is no mean feat in this country. They seem to have a good sense of what is needed to keep their subordinates and their coalition partners in acquiescent equilibrium. And with respect to the theme of this blogpost, it should be remembered that one of the first actions undertaken by An Taoiseach in March 2011 was to reduce their own top-line salary and the salaries of An Tanaiste, ministers and junior ministers by 6.6%, which in An Taoiseach's case meant a reduction from €214,187 to €200,000. And remember that only back in 2007, the top-line salary for then-Taoiseach Bertie Ahern was €310,000. And you might also have sympathy for the fact that An Taoiseach is meeting with people every day in this society and economy who earn a multiple of the taoiseach's salary but with a fraction of the burden of responsibility.
But how can An Taoiseach ask for more from the nation, when their own rewards and those of their administration and their political system remain untouched? How will they answer critics in the US during their St Patrick's Day visit when this year, they are likely to face questions on their salary from politicians in a country that is a big donor to the IMF, and doesn't understand how a bankrupt country with limited options can afford to pay its political leadership sums which would appear excessive even in the world's biggest economy and sole Superpower. In theUK, will opponents to the encroachment of Europe demand answers from their leaders as to why theUKis loaningIreland€4bn so as to pay such enormous sums. Perhaps this is the international agitation that is needed to focus politician's minds here…
Part Three will be published next week.
(Graphic above produced by Japlandic.com, contact here)
Advertisements
LEGO® Star WarsTM: The Force Awakens – The Empire Strikes Back Character Pack Vignette
Consumers who pre-order the LEGO Star Wars: The Force Awakens Deluxe Edition will receive early access to The Empire Strikes Back Character Pack at launch on June 28, 2016. Our new vignette showcases this exciting content in full LEGO form with signature LEGO humour, including: Luke Skywalker, Han Solo and Princess Leia in cold weather gear; the cybernetic Lobot and the Ugnaughts of Cloud City; and deadly bounty hunters Bossk, Dengar and Boba Fett (with Boba Fett's original white armor).
LEGO Star Wars: The Force Awakens will be released on June 28, 2016 and marks the triumphant return of the No. 1 LEGO videogame franchise, immersing fans in the new Star Wars adventure like never before. Players can relive the epic action from the blockbuster film in a way that only LEGO can offer, featuring all of the storylines from Star Wars: The Force Awakens, retold through the clever and witty LEGO lens. The game will also include exclusive playable content exploring New Adventures set in the time leading up to Star Wars: The Force Awakens, providing further insight about the new movie and its characters.
Additionally, LEGO Star Wars: The Force Awakens will showcase original dialogue from key members of the theatrical cast, providing the most authentic Star Wars for experience for players, including: John Boyega (Finn), Adam Driver (Kylo Ren), Harrison Ford (Han Solo), Daisy Ridley (Rey), Oscar Isaac (Poe Dameron) and other top stars from the film. The game will be available for PlayStation 4, PlayStation 3, PlayStation Vita, Xbox One, Xbox 360, Wii U, Nintendo 3DS and Steam (Windows PC).
To pre-order the LEGO Star Wars: The Force Awakens Deluxe Edition please go to http://buy.wb-interactive-entertainment.com/lego-star-wars/
Dhaka: A mob of protesters has set on fire at least 30 houses of Hindus in Bangladesh following rumours that a youth from the minority community published an offensive Facebook status, media reports said on Saturday.
One person was killed when police opened fire to disperse the crowd that launched the arson attack on the houses of Hindus on Friday, Dhaka Tribune reported. The incident took place in Rangpur district's Thakurpara village, about 300 kilometres from Dhaka.
At least five persons were injured when police fired rubber bullets and lobbed tear gas shells to bring the situation under control, it said.
The protesters claimed that they were infuriated by a defamatory status published from the Facebook account of a person who hails from the Thakurbari village a few days ago, the report said. Before the police intervened, the perpetrators had torched at least 30 Hindu houses before looting and
vandalising them, the report said.
A crowd of 20,000 people had reportedly gathered from six to seven neighbouring villages before the attack was launched by a group of people, it said.
The police had a tough time dealing with the protesters and restoring the law and order situation in the area, the report said. Six persons with bullet injuries were rushed to a nearby hospital when one of them succumbed to their injuries, the report said.
Police have detained 33 people in connection with the incident, bdnews24 reported. There were traffic snarls after the mob blocked the Rangpur-Dinajpur highway to protest against the police action.
A large number of police personnel have been deployed in the area where the situation was tense, Kotwali police station officer-in-charge (Operation) Moktarul Islam said. The district administration has formed a three-member inquiry committee, headed by additional district magistrate Abu Rafa Mohammad Rafiq, to investigate the incident and submit a report in seven days, the report added.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
A British scientist working for a clinical trial company has received a 3-month prison sentence for falsifying data. Steven Eaton, an employee of the American-owned firm Aptuit, was convicted in March and sentenced in April in Edinburgh for altering results to make unsuccessful drug trials appear successful.  They are the first person imprisoned for violations of Britain's Good Laboratory Practice regulations, adopted in 1999.
Investigation of Eaton's work revealed a trail of falsified results dating back to 2003, which, the Financial Times reported, required "a review of 'many hundreds' of safety studies to ensure they had not been compromised." Eaton's deception "directly impacted the validity of clinical trials and delayed a number of medicines coming to market," wrote Andrew Jack in the Financial Times , quoting the Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency's director of inspection, enforcement, and standards, Gerald Heddell.
Sheriff Michael O'Grady, who pronounced sentence on Eaton in Edinburgh Sheriff's Court, called their own "sentencing powers … wholly inadequate" because of the possibility that Eaton "could have caused cancer patients unquestionable harm," reports BBC News.
A prison sentence for scientific misconduct is quite rare, reports University World News . For example, it notes, more than 40 convictions by the U.S. Office of Research Integrity in the past 5 years have resulted in just two prison sentences.
"Why someone who is as highly educated and as experienced as you would embark on such a course of conduct is inexplicable," O'Grady told Eaton at the sentencing, BBC News reported. But the prize for understatement went to Eaton's lawyer, Jim Stephenson, who observed, according to BBC News, that Eaton "is unlikely to ever undertake this type of work ever again."
Naenara Browser is the DPRK's version of Firefox that comes built into Red Star OS, the official operating system of North Korea. I recently got my hands on Naenara Browser version 3.5. My first impression in playing with it is that this is one ancient version of Firefox. Like maybe more than a half dozen major revisions out of date? It's hard to tell for sure in cursory checking but the menus remind me of something I used to use 5+ years ago. That's not too surprising; it's tough to have a browser and update it all the time, especially with such a small team devoted to the project, as I'm sure they have a lot of other things going on.
When I first saw an image of the browser I was awe-struck to see that it made a request to an adddress (http://10.76.1.11/) upon first run. That may not mean much to someone who doesn't deal with the Internet much, but it's a big deal if you want to know how North Korea's Internet works.
If you want to send a request to a web address across the country, you need to have a hostname or an IP address. Hostnames convert to IP addresses through something called DNS. So if I want to contact www.whitehatsec.com DNS will tell me to go to 63.128.163.3. But there are certain addresses, like those that start in “10.”, “192.168.” and a few others that are reserved and meant only for internal networks – not designed to be routable on the Internet. This is sometimes a security mechanism to allow local machines to talk to one another when you don't want them to traverse the Internet to do so.
Here's where things start to go off the rails: what this means is that all of the DPRK's national network is non-routable IP space. You heard me; they're treating their entire country like some small to medium business might treat their corporate office. The entire country of North Korea is sitting on one class A network (16,777,216 addresses). I was always under the impression they were just pretending that they owned large blocks of public IP space from a networking perspective, blocking everything and selectively turning on outbound traffic via access control lists. Apparently not!
But it doesn't stop there! No! No sirrreee… I started digging through their configuration settings and here are some gems:
My ability to read North Korean is non-existent, so I had to muddle my way through this quite a bit, but I think we have some very good clues as to how this browser and more importantly how North Korea's Internet works, or doesn't work as it might be.
It is odd that they can do all of this off of one IP address. Perhaps they have some load balancing but ultimately running anything off of one IP address for a whole country is bad for many reasons. DNS is far more resilient, but it also makes things slower, in a country with Internet connectivity that is probably already pretty slow. If I were to guess, the DPRK probably uses a proxy and splits off core functions by URL to various clusters of machines. A single set of F5s could easily handle this job for the entire country. It would be slow, but it doesn't seem the country cares much about the comforts of fast Internet anyway.
Ultimately the most interesting takeaway for me personally was what lengths North Korea goes to to limit what their people get to do, see and contribute to — Censorship at a browser and network level embodied in the OS called Red Star 3.0. It's quite a feat of engineering. Creepy and cool. Download the Red Star OS here.
A doctor has been arrested for allegedly committing blasphemy by insulting the Prophet Mohammed in Pakistan, in a second high profile case, throwing the spotlight on the country's controversial anti-blasphemy laws.
Naushad Valiyani was detained following a complaint by a medical representative, who visited the doctor.
“The arrest was made after the complainant told the police that Valiyani threw their business card, which had their full name, Muhammad Faizan, in a dustbin,” the regional police chief Mushtaq Shah said.
“Faizan accused Valiyani of committing blasphemy and asked police to register a case against the doctor,” they added.
Shah said the issue had been resolved after Valiyani, a member of Pakistan's Ismaili community, apologised, but religious leaders intervened and pressed for action.
“Valiyani had assured Faizan that they did not mean to insult the Prophet,” Shah said, adding that the police had registered a case.
The blasphemy law has been widely criticized by human rights groups following the case of Asia Bibi, a Christian woman sentenced to death last month for insulting Islam.
Critics say the law should be amended because it is often used to settle grudges and persecute minorities.
It's been quite a few weeks for the LeBron James code breakers: a series of unusual events spiked with the flammable mix of free agency futures and superteam aspirations. Regardless of where on the spectrum you reside -- from as close as a James teammate or coach to a fan to self-professed hater -- there was something there for all.
Amid the rush to conclusions from a collection of tweets, out-of-sequence quotes and body language, there are a few things about James that are helpful to understand:
He's moody.
He's an only child.
He's been playing dominant basketball over the last couple of months.
It's true James has been sullen at times over the past few weeks and has seemed to seek solace in friends and ex-teammates -- all while appearing to run through hot and cold patches with Kyrie Irving and Kevin Love. It's easy to forget now that famous friends James and Dwyane Wade had nights during their time together in Miami when they irritated each other too.
Sometimes James gets somber. Sometimes they get so happy that he's bubbly for weeks on end, arranging elaborate costume parties for their current teammates, whomever they happen to be. Sometimes they want to create 10-step handshakes at introductions. Sometimes they want to walk out to the center of the court without a single high-five to start a game.
Sometimes they use social media to gather teammates for a postgame group photo. Sometimes they use it to be cryptic and passive-aggressive. Sometimes they film commercials hailing the city of Cleveland. Sometimes they give interviews in which they leave the door open to leaving it again.
Sometimes he'll aggressively bump their coach. Sometimes he'll hug their coach. Sometimes he'll reach out to peers like Kobe Bryant, calling them up to seek advice. Sometimes he'll be in a blackout and virtually unreachable by almost everyone in their life.
Sometimes when you're talking to him, there will be a light in their eyes and they will be engaging and deeply involved in the conversation. Sometimes their focus will wander and he'll fall into rote answers, all their cues telling you to go away.
It's been an interesting few weeks for LeBron James, but they have elevated their play through it all. Streeter Lecka/Getty Images
So to judge a moment or two in time, a social media post, a quote, a face made on the bench can be misleading. Try them later -- a day, a week, a month -- and they might be different, way different. He'll remember what they said and what they did, but they won't always remember their motive.
If there were a handbook given to James' teammates and coaches over the years, all this would be in it. But there isn't and so often they have to learn through experience. And there's been some of that happening recently for sure. It hasn't been the finest period for leadership in James' career, but it's also probably a mistake to think any of this is written in ink, that he's leaving bread crumbs for later.
Also useful for the handbook would be how much James likes attention. So much of it comes their way naturally, but there are times when even that's not enough: when they will walk up on teammates being interviewed so they can edge into the picture; when they will loudly sing bars of rap songs in otherwise quiet rooms just to let everyone know he's there; when they will pop up in front of tens of millions on social media with a message that will create an instant and wide-ranging buzz. It's all part of the James package.
That's why this season has likely been a challenge for them at times. Seeing the eyes constantly focused on another player like Stephen Curry -- he's not used to that. James has been the game's signature star for nearly a decade. Bryant always owned some corners, but since James first made the Finals in 2007, it's been their league. He's been the marquee Christmas Day attraction.
Their free agencies have captured fans like nothing that's come before. They got the most magazine covers. They got the best shoe contract. They got the most time on SportsCenter.
Until now. Until this magical season that Curry and the Golden State Warriors are having. Thousands of fans don't come to see James warm up. When Curry and James both have great nights, it's usually Curry who gets top billing. This is a new world for him.
When James was a rookie, they were stung when they aren't named to the All-Star team. They were so upset that they said they wouldn't even accept an invitation as an injury replacement.
"I'm an only child and I never want to be picked second," James said then. "I don't come second."
They were 19 then; he's too savvy to say something like that now. But their feelings haven't changed much. For a long time, theirs coming second on the NBA's attention meter wasn't much of an option. But that's no longer the case and, at moments recently, James has shown an inkling to yank at the spotlight. And it's worked, especially over the past few weeks.
This is a new NBA world for LeBron James, who has lost top billing to Stephen Curry and the Warriors. Andrew D. Bernstein/NBAE/Getty Images
This seems like a lot of put up with for those in their life. For their teammates and coaches and even their theoretical bosses like general managers and owners, it can be an unnecessary distraction. The road to the top in the league is so tough, why open up potholes along the way?
Because, bottom line: James is worth it. They always have been worth it. And even in these past few turbulent weeks when he's acted out and created angst, he's been worth it.
Maybe it's been easy to miss, but James has been dominant over the past six weeks. He's shooting 52 percent since the All-Star break, 57 percent on shots inside the 3-point line. In March, he's averaging 8.5 rebounds per game, their most prolific rebounding month in four years. After finishing eighth in player efficiency rating last season and lagging outside the top 10 as they hit the new year, James is up to fourth. They were the Eastern Conference Player of the Month in February and has a strong chance of winning it again in March.
Most importantly, the back injury that caused them to get an injection in the preseason has been kept under control. They look rested and explosive. They have not missed a game this season with injury. After last season, when they were beat up more than any time in their career, that's a real accomplishment.
In the end, this is all that will matter. When the season is on the line and James is carrying the heaviest burden, all the other noise from the dog days of the season will have long since turned into vapor.
This article was originally, and in full length, published on Six Revisions. Please visit the original source for the entire text, including many more visual examples.
The act of storytelling is present in every culture. Storytelling, when done well, can move people to take action.
The way we tell stories has evolved drastically over time. We constantly find new methods for preserving and sharing our stories: From drawings on cave walls, verbal recounting passed down from generation to generation and songs to more modern ways like newspapers, books, audio and video recordings.
The newest place to tell stories is the Internet. And like with any other medium, telling stories online is a very powerful tool for communicating your message. Online Storytelling helps us engage and captivate our website visitors.
Let's take a look at how you can get the most out of online storytelling by going through the most common ways we tell stories on the Web, as well as by discussing a few examples of good online storytelling.
Storytelling Through Text
While contemporary web technologies allow for all different kinds of content presentation, text is still one of the most common methods for telling stories on the Internet.
However, people only read between 20-28% of the words on a web page on average. Furthermore, eye-tracking usability studies show that we tend to scan rather than completely read web pages.
Make your story personal, fun, obscure, provocative, and anything else you can do to capture your readers' interest – by packaging your content within a good story, you can perk people's interest and keep them engaged.
Example: Campaign Monitor‘s “Our Story”
Campaign Monitor knows how to employ storytelling on their website. On their “Our Story” page, you can learn about the company history, their motivation, and their vision.
Not only is the text readable (it's short and well-structured), it's also engaging because it's written informally by design.
The story starts with basic facts about the company, followed by an appealing photo of the team and a personal quote about the company's goal. The tone of voice is casual and direct. In case you get bored, there are more team pictures to give you a glance “behind the scenes” and to keep you engaged.
Storytelling through visuals
Still, images can tell stories. A picture is worth a thousand words as the old adage goes.
Visuals are very efficient in conveying a story because our brains can process them 60,000 times faster than text.
Images can tell stories and, at the same time, they leave a lot of room for personal interpretation.
There are three main types of visuals that can be used as Web content for storytelling:
1.Web Images: Using images with your content can supplement your textual content, and can help move your story forward.
2.Background Images: These can draw website visitors in and put them in a certain mood – they can help you to build your site on a story.
3.Infographics: People like infographics because they are easy to consume and fun to share on social networks. Infographics are popular because they can hold a lot of information whilst using very little text.
Example: Airbnb
Airbnb's site welcomes you with big and beautiful background images; a different one for each travel destination you select.
These background images give you a great feeling of the featured destinations, stirring your emotions, and giving you itchy feet to travel.
Airbnb tells different stories from around the world and invites you to become part of these stories.
Example: Water Down Infographic
Water Down is another infographic that tells a story; the true story of the lack of access to clean water in the world.
The story starts with the amount of water available on the planet and ends with the fact that every 20 seconds a child dies from water-borne illnesses.
With infographics, you decide just how many pieces of the puzzle you need to get the entire picture.
Storytelling Through Animated Interaction
An aspect of good storytelling is entertainment. When people are entertained, they will be more likely to listen to your story.
I already discussed how people love visual stories. Animations take your visuals a step further by adding motion to them.
One technique for animating your content is through the use of parallax scrolling.Parallax scrolling is a relatively new technique in web design with lots of potential to improve your overall user experience. It offers the ideal setting to tell your story in an engaging and interactive way. Let your visitors take control and let them walk through your story in their own pace
Example: Google's “The Story of Send”
This animated story of what happens whenever you send an email is entertaining.
Because their animated story is engaging, Google is able to inform and connect with their audience more successfully.
Storytelling Through Videos
Almost all videos include some kind of story. Video allows for both motion picture and sound, basically all the technical aspects that make a great platform for an engaging story.
Did you know that site visitors stay on a web page 100% longer when it has a video on it?
Also, site visitors are 85% more likely to purchase a product after watching a product video.
Those are just some numbers that show you how good of a platform video is for your stories.
Example: Droplet
The mobile money app Droplet shows us an example of good storytelling through video.
The video takes you on a journey through the city of London. It shows you why there is a need for the app and how the app solves an existing problem. They do it through storytelling.
The people behind Droplet have chosen a cartoon-style video. This allows them to minimize noise and focus on the details. The hand-drawn style makes it very personal and unique.
Storytelling Through Audio
Auditory storytelling is a very old form of storytelling. Songs, for example, were easy to remember and pass on from generation to generation.
Even today, most songs tell a story of some sort.
On your website, you can use audio in many different ways. Just keep in mind that not all people appreciate it, so be thoughtful in execution.
Example: Dumb Ways to Die
The website Dumb Ways To Die is a public service announcement campaign by Metro Trains in Australia to promote rail safety. The campaign went viral in 2012.
The campaign turns a serious topic into a story people are more likely to engage with, in the hopes that their message becomes better learned and disseminated.
The story is told in a song and it comes with a fun music video and a very engaging, interactive website – turning a message people may not want to hear into fun.
Storytelling Through Social Media
Social media has gained a lot of popularity in the recent years. Why? Because they allow people and companies to connect with each other. Social media enables us to exchange feedback, ideas and content.
For companies, social media can be a great place to tell stories. This form of storytelling is interactive and the stories evolve around a community.
Example: Red Bull on Instagram
On Instagram Red Bull tell their stories with photos and short videos. And fans follow these stories engagingly.
The company is known for their event marketing efforts and they create more content around their product than any other company. Content that is fun, visual, and extremely popular.
Related article: Content is All That Matters on the Web discusses Red Bull's unique content strategy.
Online Storytelling is Powerful
The Internet is the most powerful platform for storytelling. It combines different carriers for our stories: text, visuals, interactive animation, video, audio, and social media.
The Web is also the only medium that can be publically accessed simultaneously by people all over the world. Not only does this allow anyone to share their own stories, it also means that our stories can reach the entire world.
Related Content:
The Importance of Web Content Strategy
Viral Content: Why We Share Some Things and Not Others
How to Bake Content Strategy into Your Web Design Process
Related Categories: User Experience and Usability
Read more on how storytelling can be transmitted to visitors on the web in the full version of the article on Six Revisions.
Prosecutors must swiftly accept Thursday's Shizuoka District Court decision to reopen a high-profile 1966 murder case and get to the truth behind the conviction of former professional boxer Iwao Hakamada, the Japan branch of Amnesty International said after the ruling.
After nearly five decades in which Hakamada, now 78, has been in solitary confinement, no further attempts to delay the retrial are tolerable, the group said in a written statement, adding that their physical and mental health are in decline.
The group described Hakamada's death sentence, which was finalized by the Supreme Court in 1980, as fraught with allegations that they were coerced and tortured into confessing. It also noted that it wasn't until after 2008 that prosecutors disclosed more than 600 pieces of new evidence, some of which undermined the veracity of their earlier evidence. Amnesty said the case represents an attempt to “cover up the truth” and blasted it as an act of “extreme injustice.”
The government, it said, should learn from the “tragedy” and prevent a recurrence, especially by overhauling the judicial system, including mandating full recordings of interrogations and abolishing “daiyo kangoku,” the substitute detention cells in police stations, it said.
Capital punishment is an “extremely brutal” affront to human dignity and utterly unforgivable, the group said.
“We strongly urge the Japanese government to put a moratorium on executions of all death row inmates, including Hakamada, and kick off a nationwide debate on the system,” it said.
Akira Kitani, a judge-turned-lawyer who considers it their lifetime mission to eradicate wrongful convictions, said at an event hosted by Amnesty on Thursday that 48 years in solitary confinement is “egregious.” The prosecutors' long-standing reluctance to disclose information, they said, is mostly responsible for what happened to Hakamada.
They also described the case as a keen reminder that Japanese judges tend to be “blindly reliant” on authorities' claims and must be more critical of what they say.
Regarding capital punishment, they said it's a “barbaric and brutal” custom that needs to be stamped out.
Despite the popular belief that Japanese criminal trials are conducted very carefully, “it's always possible for a miscarriage of justice to happen.”
The conviction rate in Japan is about 99 percent.
Rising U.S. stocks will lift the value of sports franchises, Los Angeles Clippers owner Steve Ballmer told the FOX Business Network.
Continue Reading Below
Ballmer, the former Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) CEO who purchased the Clippers for an NBA record $2 billion, said their team will likely lose money as it spends on talent to win. But NBA teams will be worth more in the long run, offering a big return on their investment if they ever decides to sell.
“We're getting price appreciation because these basketball teams will continue to appreciate as the stock market appreciates,” Ballmer said in an interview on the FOX Business Network's Wall Street Week. “People pay, basically, with appreciation in the stock market. Now, I'm not going to sell my team. I'm not looking for the dividend return. I'm looking for the fun, which means we're looking for championships.”
Ballmer added that he's “not afraid” to pay the NBA's luxury tax in order to bring the Clippers closer to a championship. As a result, the franchise will “probably lose a little money here along the way.” If not for the luxury tax, Ballmer believes the Clippers could achieve a 3% dividend return.
The NBA levies a tax on teams that spend above a certain threshold on player contracts.
The Clippers trail the Utah Jazz, 3-2, in the first round of the NBA Playoffs.
Every Day of My Life is a visualization of my computer usage statistics from the last 2.5 years. Each line represents one day and each colorful block is the most foreground app running at the given moment. Black areas are periods when my computer is not turned on. Seeping patterns (or lack of them) and time of holidays and travel (longer gaps) can be therefore easily identified.
All data was gathered using Tapper - a small OSX app logging my application usage written by Dean McNamee. It was later visualized by me using Plask environment.
The project was presented as prints at Click festival in Helsingør at the beginning of May in 2012. In this version there are 2 additional visualizations : one representing mouse clicks count and another showing number of keyboard hits per each running app.
Check out more photos and screenshots on Flickr.
The classic apple tree, an iconic symbol of fertility, prosperity and in some cases - even the earliest days of man. Here in a controlled keepsafe to give it optimum conditions. But one has to wonder, is this the first tree that ever existed, synthesized by another species? Or is it humanity desperately trying to save one of the last?This is my first of three submissions to the latest exhibit for the Luminarium's latest Gaia theme. Which I also proudly made it as the featured artist for the exhibit too and got interviewed, which can be seen here [link] Created using Cinema 4D, Vue and Photoshop. I ran into a lot of issues with this one, being my last "complex" scene done entirely on my old computer. I owe a thanks to ~ Kaioshen who rendered the Vue file for me since I would have been waiting days if I left it to my old system.Other artworks will be uploaded in the coming days. I just don't believe in dumping a bunch of work at one. Let people digest one apple before feeding them the next
Time seems to slow down when you're excited about a big game, and The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim feels like an eternity away. To help fill the long hours until Skyrim's November release, here are some brand-new details straight out of the QuakeCon demo of Bethesda's sprawling RPG.
Reiner is our man on the show floor at QuakeCon, and they just passed on a few interesting details from the 45-minute hands-on demo of Skyrim being shown. They were watching several editors play at once, so the details are scattershot. Come back to read their hands-on impressions tomorrow.
Players started out the demo in the character creator, where Reiner glimpsed a few of the 10 races included in the game, including the Nords, three varieties of elves, and Khajiit. The tools available for tweaking the look of your character are much more robust, so like Tiger Woods you should be able to create a rough approximation of your mug if you so choose. This is where you name your character as well, and adhering to Elder Scrolls tradition your character's default name is Prisoner.
Once players exited the character creator, they found themselves with their hands bound wearing tattered rags for clothing, and limping through a gloomy cave. For the sake of the demo, however, the players were freed from their chains and given a healthy selection of gear, including iron armor, several swords, and a bow. On the magic front, players had access to a healing spell and a destructive fireball spell.
Emerging from the cave gave everyone a new breathtaking view of Skyrim's expansive world. The environment immediately outside of the cave is a lush forest. The attention to detail in this region is staggering; both the high canopies and dense foliage make you truly feel like you are in a giant forest. Some players chose to interact with the flora, raiding a beehive for honey combs and picking mushrooms. Others moved straight into combat.
When a strange, imp-looking forest creature approached, the battle began. Judging by the performances of the players, this enemy is not to be underestimated. Many went for the standard Oblivion tactic of shooting fireballs while backpedaling to soften up the oncoming attacker. Unfortunately, the imp creature's closing speed cut off this strategy from the get go. The fights were physical and draining, with several players coming to the brink of defeat only to cast a healing spell at the last minute.
Many chose to play in the standard first-person perspective, but the impressive third-person drew most of Reiner's attention. The characters move much more fluidly than in past Elder Scrolls games, as new animations like naturally reaching for a bow and arrow indicate. Reiner says this may be the first Elder Scrolls game in which they stay in third person.
One person in the demo stumbled upon a solitary cabin amidst the forest, but its tenants – two charred corpses laid next to a smoldering firepit – were too dead to offer proper hospitality. Another player found a small, rundown village consisting of a handful of buildings. Though not as bustling as a big city, here you could converse with NPCs. One player asked the blacksmith if they could borrow their tools and did some crafting.
Unfortunately dragons never made an appearance during the demo, but even without the menacing beasts or a dedicated mission to follow, Skyrim shines. This game looks very far along in development, and has the current level of polish is a great sign that this game will be ready to go on November 11.
For more Skyrim, check out my impressions from E3, or these screenshots, or a month of exclusive features from when we first revealed the game.
Posted on October 18, 2012
Scarborough: "Keep Talking About Binders And Mitt Romney Will Win In A Landslide"
Joe Scarborough and Mika Brzezinski argue about Mitt Romney's "binders of women" remark.
Mika Brzezinski: I am personally bringing this up because I cannot believe they told that story to the American people. And prepared it for the American people and it turns out not to be true.
Joe Scarborough: Well, again, if you want to focus on this…
Mika Brzezinski: Forget it being completely focused on women, it just happens to be a little insulting. That they had to make up a story about trying to help women because they couldn't find one on their own.
Joe Scarborough: That's ridiculous, Mika. That is absolutely ridiculous that they couldn't find a woman on their own. This just shows how desperate Democrats are right now. It's ridiculous. If this concerns you, I guarantee you, this is your concern, that's not the concern of a waiter that's trying to keep them two jobs in Youngstown Ohio, who are actually right now moving to Mitt Romney because they don't think President Obama has a strong enough record on the economy.
Mika Brzezinski: Well, we can argue Obama's record on the economy, and we could probably have a very spirited debate about that. And by the way, women have done better under the Obama economy than men.
Joe Scarborough: Then argue that instead of “BinderGate.”
Mika Brzezinski: You know what, I do think it connects to the waiter. And it connects to the middle class. I think women who hear this story and a few others, in terms of legislation that Mitt Romney would or would not support. I think women feel like the middle class. Do they get us? You needed to change a story about a bipartisan group that sent you names of very accomplished women to hire because you didn't have one of your own?
Joe Scarborough: Keep talking about binders, and Mitt Romney will win in a landslide.
Two weeks on from the disappointing draw against Torino, Inter reclaimed second spot in the Serie A table by defeating Atalanta 2-0 at San Siro. Matt Clark's match recap can be found by clicking here, while below you can read our player ratings from another successful night for the Nerazzurri.
Starting XI
Samir Handanovic - 6.5
Thankfully Samir didn't have to do too much this evening, restricted to ‘normal' saves on Hateboer in the first half and Petagna in the second. But whenever he's needed, he's there. Clean sheet number six of the season for him.
Danilo D'Ambrosio - 7.5
Underneath the mountain of criticism Gian Piero Ventura received last week for not starting Lorenzo Insigne in either of Italy's playoff matches against Sweden, they did also receive a little criticism for having left D'Ambrosio out of both matchday squads. That is testament to how much more highly they are rated now than they were around 18 months ago, and the change in public opinion is fully justified.
It's difficult to remember a better performance in an Inter shirt. Quality and quantity in abundance on the right wing, capped off by their magnificent assist for Icardi's second goal. Always committed to the cause and indefatigable from a physical point of view. Chapeau.
Milan Skriniar - 7
Copy and paste whatever we've said about them after any of the other 12 games this season. Again they did everything and again they did everything well; if they aren't the signing of the summer in Serie A then I'd like to know who was.
Miranda - 7
One of their best performances all season, if not the best. Ilicic spent the entire match trying to open up space for a shot on their left foot and Miranda on almost all occasions prevented them from doing that; much, much better than in recent weeks. Let's hope it's not a flash in the pan.
Having said that there was one mistake Miranda made in this match: they didn't get themselves booked. Now he'll be walking a very nervy disciplinary tightrope against Chievo next Sunday - pick up a yellow card in that match and he'll be suspended for the Derby d'Italia the week after...
Davide Santon - 6
The superlative praise Spalletti reserved for them during their press conference gave us a pretty good idea of who'd be starting at left-back on Sunday, and sure enough Santon was awarded their first start of the season. And all things considered, they repaid their coach's faith in him: nothing flashy but nothing disastrous either. Bentornato Davide.
Matias Vecino - 6
For once they looked like a conventional defensive midfielder, instead of the rampant jack of all trades who constantly rotates between three different positions throughout the match (for a more in-depth look at this aspect of Vecino's game, look out for the piece we're publishing on them later in the week). They didn't catch the eye but they did their bit.
Roberto Gagliardini - 6
Atalanta will never be an opponent like all of the others for them and perhaps it affected them subconsciously. Like in the match against Verona before the international break (and to a lesser extent against Torino) their passing was inaccurate, despite never playing at a particularly high tempo. But even when he's misplacing passes they help the team maintain a certain degree of balance. Decent overall.
Antonio Candreva - 6.5
Unlike against Sweden on Monday their crossing was mostly precise and pertinent, culminating in the assist for Icardi's opening goal. Castagne and Cristante gradually got to grips with them as the game went on but they still contributed more than enough. One of Inter's most in-form players in this phase of the season.
Borja Valero - 6.5
An unsuccessful first half, in which they failed to influence Inter's build-up play in the manner they normally do, followed by an impressive second half. Borja will never be left on the bench for as long as they have two fully-functioning legs and tonight was another demonstration of why. Class.
Ivan Perisic - 6
Another game in which Ivan didn't offer much going forward, at least not until they almost smashed in a third goal in stoppage time. But nowadays he's helpful even when he's not tearing defences apart; always diligent in defence. ‘A humble champion', as he's been called a lot lately.
Mauro Icardi - 8
Is there anything new we can say tonight? I don't think so. Inter were struggling to break Atalanta down and so they decided to do it almost on their own, which is what world class players do when their team isn't firing on all cylinders. Yet another match-winning brace to add to their collection, despite not having fully recovered from the knee injury sustained against Torino. He's a monster. And not a nasty one.
Substitutes
Marcelo Brozovic - 6
Replaced Candreva for the final quarter-hour and did their bit for the team, without any significant contributions.
Joao Mario - N/A
Came on too late to warrant a grade.
Éder - N/A
Came on too late to warrant a grade.
Manager
Luciano Spalletti - 7
We're now 13 games into the season and Inter are unbeaten, -2 off the top of the table, +2 on Juventus and +14 on Milan. None of those things would have been imaginable three months ago but all four have come to pass, and it is largely thanks to him.
Inter do not take your breath away like perhaps other teams do, but they're solid as heck and know how to win difficult matches. After an underwhelming first half they took the game by the scruff of its neck and refused to loosen their grip until the points were in the bag, which is indicative of the work Spalletti has done on these players' heads. He's made them feel almost invincible.
#Spalletti: "Naming the same XI for five games in a row was a deliberate ploy to try and make certain players feel irreplaceable and improve their self-esteem. then when you've done that it becomes easier to change one or two players every so often" — Serpents of Madonnina (@SerpentsOfInter) November 19, 2017
Man of the Match - Mauro Icardi
Riccardo Trevisani and Daniele Adani ended their match commentary for Sky Sport tonight with the following exchange:
“I refuse to even ask you who the Man of the Match is tonight, Daniele.”
“And I refuse to even tell you, Riccardo.”
“We've had this conversation before, haven't we?”
Nobody played badly, let's be clear, but as far as Sunday's star performer is concerned there is not even the slightest hint of a contest. We have one of the best centre-forwards in the world on our hands.
From RationalWiki
Lysenkoism, named for Russian botanist Trofim Denisovich Lysenko (Трофи́м Дени́сович Лысе́нко), was a political doctrine in Joseph Stalin's Soviet Union that mandated that all biological research conducted in the USSR conform to a modified Lamarckian evolutionary theory. The underlying appeal was that it promised a biology based on a plastic view of life that was consistent with the plastic view of human nature insisted upon by Marxist-Leninist dogma.
Lysenko was, though a thorough crank, a political favorite of Stalin who promised great advances in the Soviets' agricultural system by breeding plants based on characteristics acquired from drastic alterations of their environments. Despite the political success of Lysenko's hypotheses, the actual implementation was a failure, wrecking Soviet biology research, and risking and even causing famine on several occasions. There seemed to be some initial success to the program, which can be largely attributed to the rapidly industrializing USSR acquiring and beginning to use modern machinery and fertilizers. However, this was not an integral part of Lysenkoism.
At the core of Lysenkoism was the rejection of the work of Gregor Mendel and denunciation of the concept of genes as "idealist" (one of Stalin's favorite snarl words for ideas they found unacceptable). Though DNA had not been discovered at the time of Lysenko's rise in the 1930s, much productive work — starting with the understanding of how to breed "pure" (i.e. predictable) strains of plants and animals in order to provide proper experimental controls in breeding work — had been done since the discovery of Mendel's work. Lamarckism (the idea that offspring inherit traits their parents acquired in their lifetimes) provided a more politically correct view in the eyes of Stalin, who felt (as had many Lamarckian holdouts) that Darwinian/Mendelian biology rendered life unacceptably deterministic.[note 1]
The Lysenkoists employed Stalinist terror in their struggle with Darwinian biologists for bureaucratic and academic positions. Anti-Lysenkoists faced the threat of public denunciation, loss of Communist Party membership, loss of employment position, and arrest by the secret police. Between Lysenko's grip on power and the "disappearances" of numerous of their opponents, it would be years until the Soviet biology program would recover.[1] Similar political strong-arm tactics also hobbled the Soviet nuclear physics program, requiring Soviet scientists to follow only theories that had the Communist Party's blessing. This forced them to steal working designs from the United States, including the decisive Teller-Ulam hydrogen bomb design.
While it's commonly stated that Lysenkoism fell out of favor in the mid- to late-1950s and early 1960s, as Nikita Khrushchev "de-Stalinized" the Soviet Union, the truth is somewhat more complicated. Lysenkoism had actually started losing support in late 1952. It appears that Stalin took offense to Lysenko's accumulating power and influence; articles started being published criticizing Lysenko's theory and methods. However, while Lysenko themselves had lost the position of the head of the Soviet Agricultural Academy in 1956, their replacement, Lobanov, was a devoted Lysenkoist, and did nothing to correct matters for as long as they held the position - until 1978 (with a four year gap). As for Khrushchev, they actually supported Lysenko, both due to finding a kindred soul in their deafness to criticism, and being shown the supposed success of an experimental farm complex. Open criticism of Lysenkoism once again became impossible, but so was physical elimination of opponents now, and articles about genetics kept being published. Brezhnev, after replacing Khrushchev, left the matter to its own devices. Naturally, under these conditions pseudoscience had no chance of surviving, but the healing was long and painful.
Modern times [ edit ]
Bernard Davis and a number of other biologists and hereditarians have coined the phrase "neo-Lysenkoism" to refer to people who deny any link between genes and behavior.[2] The link between genetics and behavior/intelligence has, to put it lightly, very thorny social implications tied to it, and as a result it is a very difficult field to get any proper research done in since the vast majority of people "studying" it is racist assholes trying to hide behind a veneer of "science". As such, many of said assholes co-opted the phrase "neo-Lysenkoism" as a snarl word to attack those who do not support their "biological" views of race.[3]
Their work has also been celebrated in recent years by Russian nationalists, who attempt to connect it to modern epigenetic ideas even though Lysenko entirely denied the existence of genes and had nothing in common with epigenetics; this appears to have more to do with a fondness for the era of Stalin than any merit in Lysenko's ideas.[4][5]
Irony [ edit ]
Because ignorance knows no bounds among young-Earth creationists, they not infrequently try to weave some red-baiting into their evolution bashing, equating "Darwinism" with Stalinism—having no clue whatsoever that Stalin actually persecuted evolutionary biologists. It's reminiscent of Pope Palpatine blaming atheism for the Nazis and their Final Solution, when in fact the Nazis had a pact with the Catholic Church and actively persecuted atheists.
See also [ edit ]
Sources [ edit ]
Gardner, Martin. Fads and Fallacies , Dover Publications, 1957, ISBN 0486203948.
, Dover Publications, 1957, ISBN 0486203948. Gardner, Martin. Science: Good, Bad, and Bogus, Amherst, NY: Prometheus Books, 1981, ISBN 0879755733.
Notes [ edit ]
↑ Perhaps coincidentally, perhaps not, the last big-name supporter of Lamarckism, the Austrian biologist Paul Kammerer, had taken a post at the University of Moscow in 1925 on the strength of their work with certain types of toads. When the results were proven faked a year later, Kammerer refused to take the blame but shot themselves after donating their notes and library to their employers. Kammerer's case would later become a famous example of scientific fraud.
Ford turned the truck world upside down recently with the release of its all-new aluminum-bodied F-150. By pioneering aluminum production at a massive scale, Ford blew away long-held perceptions. The top-selling truck in America is now more than a sales leader — it is a production marvel as well.
After decades of testing, Ford finally cracked the puzzle of using large-scale aluminum with the help of Alcoa, a leading aluminum producer. The lighter-weight metal's usage is incredibly important for meeting growing consumer demand for better fuel economy and pending CAFE requirements. Ford's breakthrough has created a “follow the leader” mentality among other makers.
Why Aluminum Matters
In order to understand why aluminum is a big deal, you first have to understand a growing issue for all automakers: how fuel efficient their products need to be.
This issue is being driven by two things:
Consumers are demanding better fuel efficiency with rising fuel prices over the last few years. New Corporate Average Fuel Economy (CAFE) requirements are being phased in over the next few years. These requirements set fuel economy targets for automakers, with substantial penalties for automakers that fail to meet targets.
For truckmakers, meeting these fuel economy targets is especially tricky. A truck is essentially a box on wheels and, therefore, there are limits to how aerodynamic you can make it. Also, a truck needs to still be capable of withstanding a multitude of purposes like towing, off-roading, hauling, etc., so it needs a big (and relatively inefficient) engine to do its' job.
Enter aluminum, which is much lighter than steel. The weight savings translate into immediate fuel efficiency increases, but without any sort of sacrifice in function or capability. For example, Ford says their new truck is nearly 700 lbs. lighter than last year's steel model. This weight loss should result in a minimum improvement of three mpg and could be more like five mpg combined city/highway.
Of course, aluminum has some downsides as well. It can be hard to repair, easier to dent, is more vulnerable to corrosion (at least when combined with steel), and is harder to build with. To their credit (and with some help from Jaguar and Land Rover), Ford has acknowledged and addressed these limitations in their new aluminum F-150.
How Ford Overcame Aluminum's Limitations
For years, automakers like Jaguar and Land Rover have used aluminum to construct vehicle bodies, and they've learned an awful lot about this material. Since Ford used to own Jaguar and Land Rover – and allegedly, Ford engineers helped to develop the aluminum construction processes these companies now employ – it was logical for Ford to build an aluminum truck. However, Ford needed to make sure the F-150 was “built Ford tough,” and that meant that they couldn't necessarily use the same grades of aluminum found in the typical Jaguar or Range Rover. Ford decided to use high-grade aluminum alloy (the same kind of alloy used in airplanes) as the primary material for the new F-150.
The aviation world has been using a high-grade aluminum alloy for years. The alloy withstands the punishment of flying through a variety of conditions for years. Ford rationalized that if it can withstand the punishment air travel puts on it, the aluminum-alloy should hold up in trucks. Plus, their CEO at the time, Alan Mulally was formerly the CEO of Boeing. They know a thing or two about high-grade aluminum and was a big proponent of its usage.
One obstacle remained for Ford to work through. An airplane uses long pieces of aluminum that don't require much bending. A truck uses the shorter pieces with many aerodynamics and styling bends. Aluminum, by its nature, doesn't hold its form like steel and is harder to work with. Ford and Alcoa had to collaborate on the design of the truck to ensure the aluminum panels would stay bent and the production of the panels wasn't taxing on Alcoa's facilities. If the panels were too complex, the production price would skyrocket and quality would be a concern. By getting both right; Ford cracked the puzzle and pioneered aluminum's usage on a scale previously unseen.
Ford's New F-150 Leads the Way
Make no mistake, the fact that the industry's top-selling truck will switch to an aluminum body is a big deal. The truck segment is one of the most competitive areas in the automotive world, and this is a big differentiator that other truck manufacturers will have to copy to keep pace. For example, immediately after Ford unveiled their new aluminum F-150, GM made plans to launch new aluminum-bodied trucks themselves by 2018. Other makers like Ram say they are ready to go aluminum if the truck market embraces the new F-150.
Simply put, this truck is going to be the “silver bullet” driving other makers to develop their own aluminum-bodied trucks in the near term.
With all the truckmakers adopting aluminum, truck buyers will reap real-world fuel savings. These savings might have been realized on a small scale, yet now, thanks to Ford, consumers will get massive fuel economy improvements.
Ultimately, Ford's pioneering efforts to bring aluminum usage to the mainstream will have a long lasting impact on the automotive market. The move will go down as one of the defining moments in automotive history and will spur everyone else to play catch up.
I used a mix of gold and blue acrylic paints to create a rustic look for plastic pot I got with my pretty String of bananas.
Hope you like it!
I love plants, especially the flowering ones, but since stay in an apartment with no yard, I am now exploring indoor plants. The worst part is that there is only one window which gets good sunlight and so I have to say that I am not always lucky with my plants, but I still buy more,I cant help it!!I bought few clay pots and had lots of fun painting them.1. I used Martha Stewart Crafts® Multi-Surface Satin Acrylic Craft Paint to paint the pots. Do not use the normal Acrylic paint, it may not stay well on pots.2. After 2-3 coats of paint, I wanted a frosted look, so for the final touch I dabbed the paint with a sponge.3. Used a butterfly stamp I got from dollar store a while back for the butterfly designs and then painted over it to get the right finish.4. Last, apply a coat of Satin finish or Matte finish spray for the final touch.Have a great day,
Ever since the commercial Internet emerged, content has been at the center. Bill Gates, quite famously, declared that content is king and called it the “killer app” of the Internet age. Inspired, media executives and internet entrepreneurs alike sought to marry content and distribution to create the perfect business model.
The problem is, as I've noted before, that content is crap. Nobody walks out of a great movie and says, “Wow! That was some great content.” Nobody listens to content on their way to work in the morning. We never call anything that's any good “content,” the term is a mere fantasy in the minds of business planners.
That, in essence, is why despite the predictions of digital pundits, the TV remains a great business. Through a series of disruptions—cable, DVD and now streaming video—programing has continued to evolve. Now, with the cable business model starting to unravel, we can expect an explosion of creative energy that will usher in a new golden age of TV.
The Unraveling Of The Cable Business Model
At one time, TV was a fairly simple business. There were a limited amount of networks (three in the US, less elsewhere) which could reach a truly massive audience. That transformed entertainment into a big, powerful industry, with a handful of executives deciding what families would watch every night.
The arrival of cable TV was a major disruption. Offering better signal reception and expanded viewing choices, it not only fragmented audiences, but also introduced a new center of power. Now it was the cable operators who controlled distribution, deciding which channels they would carry and where those channels would be placed in the lineup.
Strangely, as Michael Wolff points out in Television Is The New Television, the traditional TV companies profited from the shift. Rather than relying solely on advertising, they now had access to fees from cable operators and, because the cable companies had near monopoly pricing power, those fees could be substantial, amounting to about $45 for each subscriber.
Today, TV is undergoing a new transformation. Powered by broadband Internet, the industry is now able to bypass cable operators altogether and sell direct to the consumer through OTT (over the top) packages. The impact on the business is already becoming clear, especially in the case of ESPN, as fees from cable operators start to dwindle.
But what's really interesting is how the upheaval will transform the programming itself, bringing us shows that are far more complex and interesting than anything we've seen before.
The Business Model Is The Message
Marshall McLuhan, in their classic Understanding Media, famously argued that the medium is the message. What they meant was that when Gutenberg invented the printing press, they not only enabled the spread of information, but transformed how we experience it. Further, they predicted that the rise of electronic media would have a similar effect, making way for a global village.
It's a powerful idea and one that was taken further by Steven Johnson in Everything Bad Is Good For You. Johnson pointed out that as the business of TV evolved, so did programming. In effect, they argued that as new revenue streams emerged, they altered the calculus of media executives and, in turn, what we watched. In other words, the business model is the message.
For example, when broadcast TV dominated, programmers earned money on mass advertising and syndication, so hit shows needed to appeal to broad audiences and stories had to be contained within a single narrative. The rise of cable, in turn, made niche programming viable, while the emergence of DVD sales and repeat viewing allowed for more complex storytelling.
If you think back to old favorites like Kojak and Dragnet, they had limited characters and a single storyline. Viewers could just jump right in and watch. Compare that to hit shows today, like The Sopranos and Game Of Thrones, where there are dozens of characters, multiple storylines in each episode and some of the threads continue for years.
Blowing Up Old Models, Creating New Ones
Clearly, we are entering a new age of television and it is coming fast. Video streaming, which used to be a quirky mix of offbeat videos and short clips of regular shows shared on mobile devices, is rapidly moving to the big screen in the form of streaming apps, fully supported by major media companies.
Keith Zubchevich, Chief Strategy Officer of Conviva, a company that develops technology solutions to optimize viewing experience for video streaming, told me that “One of the things that I'm amazed at is how fast programmers like HBO, CBS and Showtime are moving ahead of their own plans.” It is a completely new paradigm and nobody's quite sure what it will bring.
Todd VanDerWerff, a culture editor at Vox, recently wrote that “binge-watching fundamentally changes the basic unit of cinematic storytelling” from the episode or film to the season. Scott Rosenbaum, a writer and producer, feels that the emphasis on ever smaller audiences allows for more extensive character development and backstory.
Jen Hoelzer, a writer and consultant who has worked on HBO's Veep, says that “It's not that one format is going dominate at the expense of others, but that we have expanding options to tell and experience stories. It's exciting from a creative point of view. Instead of figuring out how to fit a story in a specific format you can tell it how it was meant to be told.”
“It's becoming a new golden age for writers,” they continue. "So many more outlets to sell stories and to tell different kinds of stories.” It is that increasing diversity of storytelling, marketed to an increasing diversity of audiences, that is making this new era of TV far more interesting and exciting than anything that has come before.
The New Gatekeepers
After beating out House of Cards for the best drama Emmy, Breaking Bad showrunner Vince Gilligan, credited Netflix for its success. They said:
“I think Netflix kept us on the air. Not only are we standing up here (with the Emmy), I don't think our show would have even lasted beyond season two. … It's a new era in television, and we've been very fortunate to reap the benefits.”
The offbeat show had not had a successful first season, but did attract a cult following. In an earlier era, an audience that small wouldn't have been consequential, but in the age of Netflix, the avid fanbase convinced friends to binge-watch the show. They got hooked too and persuaded others to do the same. Before you knew it, Breaking Bad was a hit.
In today's world, that's how disruption happens and not just in Hollywood. A small, but enthusiastic group of people can not only share a passion, but advocate for it through their social networks and draw others in. Before you know it a cascade begins to ensue. Nobody wants to be the only one in their office or Facebook group who is left out of the conversation.
The new world of streaming TV will magnify this process. In the old broadcast and syndication model, someone could latch on to a new series that they missed at launch, but would usually jump in somewhere in the middle. Now, they can start from the beginning, internalize the backstory, get hooked and rave about it to their friends.
It is those small, passionate groups that are emerging as the new entertainment gatekeepers and, as Rosenbaum points out, they thrive on authenticity, rather than market research. That's why hit shows today look so different than in previous generations. Rather than simple, broad appeal, it is complexity, backstory and character development that rule the day.
This is creating a shift in power from marketing driven studio executives to showrunners and writers— those formerly dismissed as “content creators” to be acquired, distributed and leveraged. Gone are the days when there is a clear formula to follow. The next big hit will not be found in a particular genre or format, but lays dormant in the next big passion waiting to be awakened.
If you bought milk -- or any dairy products in Michigan in the last 14 years, you could be owed a refund.
Michigan is one of 15 states involved in a class action lawsuit against milk producers.
The $52-million settlement accuses dairy farmers of price-fixing.
Anyone who bought any milk product at any grocery store or retailer since 2003 is eligible.
No proof of purchase is needed.
The estimated refund will be between $45 and $70 per person.
You have until January 31 to file a claim.
Click here to file a claim and get more information.
(NOTE: It appears as if the website has been overwhelmed with traffic, so you may get a note saying you have reached a dead page. If that is the case, keep trying the link, the page comes back online intermittently)
While your average gallon-sized milk jug hasn't changed much in decades, it's about to undergo a significant change destined to cut fuel, labor, and carbon costs all at the same time.
Turns out these new, alien-type jugs are cheaper to ship, better for the environment, cost less, and even provide fresher milk to the store; with some milk going from the cow's udder to supermarket shelf within hours.
But that doesn't mean everyone loves them.
Because the jugs adopted by Wal-Mart and Costco have no real spout, and their unorthodox shape means consumers are confronted with a messy conundrum when it comes time to pour a simple glass of milk.
Eco-Friendly Milk Jug Means Real Cost Savings
But as retailers have discovered the greater operating and shipping efficiencies lead to a cost savings of 10 to 20 cent per gallon they're beginning to roll them out alongside demonstrations and free cookies to help consumers learn how to pout from them, with Sam's Club expected to be one place you'll start finding them replacing the usual jugs en masse.
And certainly it's just one redesign that consumers will be adjusting to in the coming years, as higher gas prices and a growing consciousness of carbon emissions means every process and product will be looked at in a whole new light.
Via: NYT
More on Green Milk Jugs
How to Make Milk Jugs Lighter
Milk Jugs Recycled into Green Toys
Archaeologists have found what they describe as the remains of "a huge skeleton" in the Black Sea city of Varna's downtown area.
Initial reports suggest the man lived late in the 4th or early in the 5th century.
It is "easy" to see that the size of bones is "impressive" and that they belonged to "a very tall man", Valeri Yotov, who is part of the team carrying out excavations there, is reported as telling local news websites. Yotov, however, has stopped short of giving details.
The skeleton was stumbled upon in the area of the wall of the ancient city of Odesos.
Yotov suggests the man might have died during while working or during a ceremony held by the walls. Their posture, with hands laid on their waist and their body pointing to the east (head) and west (feet) is a clear indication for archaeologists they were buried.
Reconstruction works are being carried out in the central area of Varna, Bulgaria's third-largest city dubbed the "Black Sea capital".
In January, an ancient tomb was discovered during repair works.
EVIAN-LES-BAINS, France -- South Korean teen Hyo-Joo Kim made history with the lowest round in a major tournament, a faultless 10-under 61 to open the Evian Championship on Thursday.
According to the LPGA Tour, two women had shot 62s in a major: Minea Blomqvist of Finland in the third round of the 2004 British Open, and Lorena Ochoa in the first round of the 2006 Kraft Nabisco Championship.
Hyo-Joo Kim's 61 on Thursday broke the record for the lowest round in a major, men's or women's. AP Photo/Laurent Cipriani
In a men's major, 63 is the lowest, and it has been achieved multiple times.
"I like a hard course," said the 19-year-old Kim, who is in the first year of a physical education course at Seoul University. "I felt very comfortable today."
Kim, who tied for fourth here two years ago, takes a four-shot lead over seven-time major champion Karrie Webb into the second round.
"I made a chance [for] a birdie on every [hole]," said Kim, who had five birdies each on the front and back nines. "I missed some [but] it didn't matter."
Kim, who shot a 61 last year on Japan's JLPGA circuit, is ranked 20th in the world and leads the Korean LPGA money list with three wins.
Blomqvist and Ochoa might still be holding their record alone if not for Kim's remarkable escape on the third hole, when they went into the bunker off the tee and still managed to chip in for birdie.
"She had a few up and downs and a chip-in on the third," their caddie Gordon Rowan said. "She had a very difficult chip."
"She's not a massive hitter but has a very decent length, and keeps up with the girls. She's so straight and this is a course where you need to hit fairways because the rough is very thick. Them accuracy into the greens means that she's never far away. They also have a very good temperament, and even on days when she's fighting and putts don't fall, they keep going."
The 39-year-old Webb had eight birdies and two bogeys.
Korean Mi-Jung Hur was five strokes off the lead in third place after a 66, while defending champion Suzann Pettersen of Norway and Brittany Lincicome of the U.S. were six behind.
Webb won the last of their seven majors at the Kraft Nabisco in 2006, the year they won at Evian.
"Probably the best I putted for a long time," said Webb, who said they switched to an old putter that they used about 12 years ago. "I changed swing coaches in the middle of the season, so I've actually probably put more work in through the summer than I normally would. The changes are starting to click."
Inbee Park, bidding for back-to-back majors after defending their title at the LPGA Championship, was tied for 12th at 2 under.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Masked shooters have been caught on CCTV firing their handguns in a 'targeted attack' on a Social Services building, in footage released by police on Friday.
The armed gunmen defaced the door of the Harpurhey District Office before drawing their weapons and discharging a flurry of bullets.
Detectives are hunting the men who carried out the deliberate attack on Sunday 25 April at around 4.20am.
Caught on camera: Police have released a chilling video of gunmen firing their weapons at the door of a Social Services building in Manchester
Further footage captured the moment the men, wearing balaclavas, ran off towards Factory Lane before crossing through a petrol station.
They then jumped into a white Ford Focus and drove off.
Thankfully nobody was injured during the incident, which Detective Constable Natalia Montano said was believed to be 'a targeted attack on this building'.
Officers were called to the scene the next morning where they found bullet shell casings and graffiti on the door.
DC Montano, from GMP's North Manchester Division, added: 'The footage we have released demonstrates that these are dangerous men, they possess three firearms and seem willing to fire indiscriminately without knowing if anyone was in harm's way.'
Thankfully nobody was injured during the incident, which Detective Constable Natalia Montano said was believed to be 'a targeted attack on this building'
Further footage captured the moment the men, wearing balaclavas, ran off towards Factory Lane before crossing through a petrol station
The Harpurhey District Office houses both Manchester Adults and Children's Services, on Moston Lane.
The governor of Virginia has reined in their previously unconditional support for a bill which would force women seeking abortions in the state to undergo an internal ultrasound.
Governor Robert McDonnell, an anti-abortion Republican who is seen by some in their party as a possible candidate for vice-president, had previously said they would sign the bill if it were passed by Virginia's general assembly.
But after mounting pressure from campaigners, Democratic delegates and ordinary Virginians who strongly oppose the measure, McDonnell will now say only that they will review the bill if it appears on their desk.
This week, Virginia has come under increasing national scrutiny for moves to pass the legislation, the first of two of the most controversial anti-abortion bills in recent history proposed by state Republicans. It would force women undergoing first trimester abortions – when the majority of abortions are performed – to submit to a vaginally invasive procedure, offer them images of the foetus and have the resulting image lie on their medical file for seven years.
Democratic delegates say if it passes it risks criminalising doctors by forcing them to carry out an invasive procedure that could constitute a sex crime under state laws.
The reason for the governor's change of mind is unclear, although two officials told the Washington Post that a compromise was likely after some of the bill's supporters were apparently unaware of how invasive the procedure could be.
Charniele Herring, a Democratic delegate who tried to kill the bill on Tuesday, said it was "disappointing" if the bill's supporters were unaware of what they were voting on.
They said: "In the full questions of justice committee where it went through first, everybody got a very graphic picture of what a transvaginal ultrasound is. A picture showed exactly what it was. I'm not in the Republican caucus but it's possible that those who saw it did not share it with their Republican colleagues. It is very disappointing because we are legislators and we should know what we are voting for."
They believe that McDonnell's change of heart is politically motivated.
"He is trying to paint themselves as a moderate and this is extreme. There is a clamour among Virginians for them to say that they will not sign it in its current form."
The bill, which is due to be heard by the general assembly again on Wednesday, has been passed by for three consecutive days amid media reports which have drawn attention to the issue nationally.
A moped gang targeting wealthy residents in north London has been captured on CCTV attacking a business person with a hammer outside their £2 million home.
The traumatised resident, who the Standard has agreed not to identify, today said they were leaving the UK this week terrified the gang will return.
They told the Standard: “It isn't a question of ‘if' they come back. They will come back. I have been driven out of my own house and the country.”
The robbery in broad daylight has been linked to a series of ram-raids in Hampstead and neighbouring Hampstead Garden Suburb in recent months. This is the first time the gang of four has been caught on camera.
The man in their 50s was sweeping the street outside their home near Hampstead Heath when four men on two mopeds pulled up outside.
They attempted to defend themselves with their broom and flee inside as two men clad in black and wearing crash helmets charged into their driveway.
One of the men grabbed their brush and started beating them with it as an accomplice tore a £60,000 Ferrari watch from their arm.
Then a third rider climbed off their black scooter and lunged toward them with a claw hammer as a fourth sped into the driveway on a white bike and chased them out onto the street.
Cars streamed down the busy road just yards away as the first robber forced them to pull up their t-shirt, ripped a gold chain from their chest and removed a wedding ring from their finger.
Shaken, they stumbled back inside the house and closed the security gate as the men jumped on their bikes and calmly made their getaway. It was all over in 90 seconds.
The victim, a successful business person who collects rare watches as a hobby, told the Standard they believed they had been targeted because they park an expensive sports car in the driveway of their £2 million home.
They said they would be leaving the house built by their late father and moving to Italy in the wake of the attack on April 11, three weeks before Watford transfer Alexander Merkel's house nearby was raided by four moped-driving robbers who tried to batter down their front door.
The German, 22, was renting the property while on loan to Championship side Watford from Italian club Udinese.
The man said: “I'm frightened for my life. I have no doubt this is the same gang who did the footballer's house – it's just a few minutes away.”
They added: “They were wrestling me and one was shouting ‘get their watch'. I was shouting at them ‘take what you want'. Another man lunged at me with a hammer but their friend stopped him.
“They forced me down into my driveway and took my rings. Then one of them ripped a chain from my neck. It was all over in 90 seconds. I was left traumatised. I was so shaken up I couldn't speak. I was too scared to leave my house for days.”
They said: “I feel terrible, I'm not in control of my life. I'm wearing a panic alarm strapped to my body. London is not safe.”
Similar “moped gang” raids have forced residents in Hampstead Garden Suburb to fit metal bars on to windows and reinforce front doors.
There is a rule of a face makeup: when you have dark or vivid eye makeup, you should have more neutral lips and the other way around: vivid lip color should be combined with more of a natural makeup look. Lately, it's been a fashion trend to have very colorful and dark eye makeup and nude lips. If you don't have time or money to buy a nude lipstick, or you just couldn't find the nude color that matches you, this blog post is going to be helpful. I'm going to show you how you can create your own nude lipstick. It's very easy!
All of us, ladies, have one lipstick, that is our favorite color and looks good on our lips when applied. Or maybe not even our favorite, still can be a good use for this! Just apply your regular lipstick (preferably rosy-colored, but again, it depends on your skin color, just choose what looks best on you). Now, take a little bit of your concealer or small amount of your foundation and apply over your lipstick using lip brush or a finger (I find that concealer works better than foundation). Even out the color. And VOILA! You have a beautiful nude color on your lips now!
One good thing about this nude color is - it matches your skin tone perfectly, because of the baseline lipstick color. If your baseline lipstick is too dark, you might want to blot your lips with the paper and apply another coat of concealer/foundation until you reach desired nude color.
If you want matte finish, just blot your lips with a paper. If you want a glossy finish, apply your favorite lip gloss on top of your nude color. Enjoy!
*Update*: Since my natural lips are very pale, I applied a pink lipstick to add some color to the nude color. But if your lips are naturally pink/red, you can skip the lipstick step and just apply concealer/foundation on your lips and finish by applying either lip gloss or lip balm on top.
Numbers from the (online) dating game
bhargav Blocked Unblock Follow Oct 9, 2014
I've been using OkCupid on and off for approximately 10 months. I decided to poke at my inbox and share some findings.
The ‘Sent' tab
In total, I've sent messages to 113 people, and 91.2% of them were read. Not sure if that cute 94% match got the message? They probably did.
Of those 113 people, I was able to find out who still had their account.
I found it curious that 60% of accounts I had messaged had been closed. The remaining ~40% of accounts were in various states of (in)activity.
I started wondering how often I was sending messages.
Turns out I was a bit excited in January to the point at which I sent 30 messages. The (completed) month with the fewest messages sent was July, with only 3 sent messages.
The ‘Received' Tab
This was interesting.
The common perception of women on dating sites is that they don't send messages, so when I found that women had sent me the first message 14 times — 23.3% of all messages from a unique source, I was pretty surprised. Quickmatch, an OkCupid feature that connects you to other people based on mutual approval made up another 14 messages. The remaining 32 messages were all replies to conversations I initiated.
The following chart exposes conversations by month, broken down by the date of last reply from the recipient:
Most interesting thing: within the last 4 months, I seem to have gotten a lot better at eliciting replies.
Some more things
Proportion of sent messages (read by the recipient) replied to: 31.07%
If OkCupid was MLB, a .311 BA would rank me above David Ortiz for the 2013 regular season! #badstatistics
would rank me above David Ortiz for the 2013 regular season! #badstatistics Number of times a phone number was exchanged: 7
Number of people taken on dates: 4
Number of people taken on > 1 date: 1
Proportion of phone exchanges to initiated conversations with a response: 21.9%
Proportion of dates to initiated conversations with a response: 12.5%
Proportion of dates to initiated conversations: 3.5 %
% The Fewest messages exchanged: 0 (thanks, Quickmatch!)
(thanks, Quickmatch!) Most messages exchanged with one person: 24
Fewest messages before exchanging phone numbers: 5
Most messages before exchanging phone numbers: 14
Number of conversations stopped cold-turkey by recipient: 24
Number of times I was negged: 1
Number of ‘hi.' messages received: 3
Most messages sent in one day: 5
Nicest word used to describe me in a conversation: “charming”
Number of days with account at time of writing: 293
Average number of messages sent per day: .39
OkCupid's 2009 analysis on Race
A consequence of this chart released in 2009 by OkTrends led me to not divulge race information on my profile:
It's worth noting that OkTrends had a follow-up post this year, but it didn't provide a racial breakdown similar to the data to the left. The data may thus be inaccurate.
The average rate of reply for all men here is 27.6%. However, Indian males had the lowest rate: 20.8%, just .9% behind Black males. There are of course, a number of other factors involved, not the least of which include attraction, message content, age, etc. At the same time, these reply rates do not appear to be as anomalous as OkTrends would like us to believe they are. They made no attempt to explain it in their blog post.
A similar breakdown of information exposed match percentages by race. Although the match percentages of Indian males is on the lower end of the range, the average match percentile does not change drastically between races, with the exception of White men.
DENVER (CBS4) – The man charged in the murder of a Regional Transportation District security guard says their actions that night were to please Allah.
Joshua Cummings, 37, is charged with the Jan. 30 murder of RTD security guard Scott Von Lanken. What happened was a cold blooded murder — a shot to the head — but the reason behind it is still unclear. From their jail cell, by phone, Cummings told CBS4 three days after their arrest they pledged their allegiance to the leader of the Islamic State.
“I give my bay'ah (pledge) to Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi and I am committed to being a soldier for the Islamic State,” they told CBS4 Investigator Rick Sallinger.
Cummings would not say if they committed the murder.
“On the night in question, what I did do, I didn't do that for the Islamic State. I did that purely and solely for the pleasure of Allah,” Cummings said.
They would not explain why their actions that night would have been for God.
Cummings was found a short time after the killing nearby with a gun the same caliber as the shells found at the murder scene. They were carrying Islamic literature. They say whatever they did that night was not in the name of ISIS.
“The reason why it was not for ISIS is because in 1996 I took a pledge to uphold and defend the constitution of the United States, and if you obey officers appointed over me,” they said. “And the president, commander in chief of the United States, the military and I ratified that in '97.”
Cummings said while in jail it took them three days to purge that oath by reading they Koran and dedicate their allegiance to the Islamic State.
When asked if they knew the person who died that night was not a police officer they said they could not answer that at this time.
CBS4's Rick Sallinger is a Peabody award winning reporter who has been with the station more than two decades doing hard news and investigative reporting. Follow them on Twitter @ricksallinger.
James Cameron of One Laptop Per Child (OLPC) tells us about Forth, science fiction, and laptops.
We have some tickets for ARM's mbed Connect conference is Oct 24, 2016 in Santa Clara. Will you be in the area? Want to go? Contact us if you want one of our free tickets! (There are still some tickets remaining.)
One Laptop Per Child is one.laptop.org.
Some getting started information on Forth: Mitch Bradley's Forth and Open Firmware Lessons
James has been writing about putting C Forth on a Teensy (more on the Teensy from the creator's site). They also have a post on using Forth to snoop the Milo Champions Band's BLE.
James is Quozl on most sites that require a unique ID (such as Github: https://github.com/quozl). This is from a book called Quozl by Alan Dean Foster. The other older-sci-fi reference was to the Pern books by Anne McCaffery, specifically to the White Dragon.
Dennis "Slick" Lilly put on a prison guard's uniform and walked out of jail in December 1986, and that's the last the cops ever saw them alive. Despite being on the FBI's list of Most Wanted Criminals, Lilly was so slick that they disappeared into the life of a law-abiding small business person in a woodsy town near Seattle.
They took their secret to their backyard grave.
Dennis Lilly died of cancer at the age of 64, more than a quarter century after they walked out of a Missouri state prison dressed as a jail guard. Fearing an official burial would give away the secret, their wife of many decades simply buried them behind their house in Gold Bar, Washington.
They took new names—David and Amanda Murray—and they did honest work in their adopted hometown, running a mail shop in the nearby town of Monroe, across from the Jack in the Box on Highway 2.
"We're open later than the U.S. Post Office in Monroe," their small business website says. And unlike the post office, the Lillys' mail shop didn't have to display those Most Wanted Fugitives posters from the FBI.
Dennis Lilly's mugshot was regularly featured on those FBI posters, as well as on the television series America's Most Wanted.
Their lives were quiet, according to the Sky Valley Chronicle, and their business was hardly hidden from view. Dennis volunteered as a community Santa Claus at Christmastime. A daughter was born and is now an adult.
The Lillys, who married when Dennis was still in prison for burglary and assault, eventually had the same mundane domestic problems so many people have. They left for California, their wife's home state, but they came back to Gold Bar when they were sick with pancreatic cancer. That's where they died, with their family, in 2012.
Had their wife not tried to set up a retirement brokerage account, they might've taken the secret to their grave, too. But the Social Security number they had used for decades didn't match up with the birthdate they gave, and some office worker at a financial services conglomerate decided to call the FBI.
When the Feds showed up at Amanda Murray's house and told them they knew they were really Mary Lilly, wife of an infamous fugitive, they reportedly confessed that they buried their husband out back.
Ken Layne writes Gawker's American Journal. Images via Google Maps and America's Most Wanted.
A recent CBO report came out with a rather sobering outlook of our governmental spending habits. The word “unsustainable” is probably not something you want uttered in a report about meeting a budget. Yet that has been our recent trajectory when it comes to spending. The massive financial crisis and subsequent bailouts have resulted in a titled economy favoring a small group of people. The same engine that led us into this problem is still humming along and the too big to fail have now become the way too big to fail banks. So unsustainability is the spine fueling the current recovery. Debt upon debt only works until you reach tipping points. US households hit that point a few years ago as the housing bubble imploded. To think that this path of acquiring debt upon debt to pay for expenditures is sustainable is going to cause deeper instability into an already shaky system.
CBO report
The CBO report of course has some dramatic changes occurring in the near term:
What is interesting is pre-crisis, Federal Debt held by the public was under 40 percent. Today it is at 80 percent and keep in mind this is much higher since other parties like foreign nations are now a larger owner of this debt (i.e., China). The path forward is not going to be easy. Yet the need to spend more is only going to accelerate with an aging population that is simply unprepared to face the financial challenges of retirement.
In the next decade we are going to see some major growth in where our spending goes to:
Costs like net interest, Social Security, and Medicare are going to consume a larger percentage of our spending. This is why our total public debt outstanding is enormous and is going to hit another debt ceiling in only a few weeks.
Debt to the Penny
Total public debt outstanding is now above $16.73 trillion:
By the way, the latest GDP figure is around $16.6 trillion so we now owe more money than we produce in one year. Is this problematic? It was for households when they reached this level.
Households already reached unsustainable levels
U.S. Households seemed to reach a tipping point when their debt levels reached 100% of total annual GDP:
This actually makes sense on a very practical level. People were simply spending more than they were bringing in. Beyond that, many were spending money they didn't even have by going into debt via mortgages, credit cards, auto loans, and the young through student debt. At a certain point, even servicing the debt was problematic.
The CBO report is sobering because it comes from the government itself. And you know this is a conservative estimate. Keep in mind these are rosy assumptions based on the current bull stock market and what appears to be an investor spurred boom in real estate. How sustainable are those trends?
Consumption as share of GDP
Consumption is still a large part of GDP:
As we have noted, household incomes in the US have not kept up in the last decade. Over 50 percent of income went to the top 10 percent in 2012, the biggest gap in income disparity ever recorded for the US.
People need to keep spending to keep consumption going. If income is going to a smaller group, the economy is going to have a smaller group of people to depend on. There are only so many yachts you can purchase. A robust middle class is the backbone of a strong overall economy. The CBO report simply ties in with other unsustainable paths we are following. Do not be surprised when another financial crisis hits because as the report noted, this is simply unsustainable. And by definition, something that is unsustainable at some point will need to reverse and correct.
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today's challenging market!
Toronto literature professor and Giller prize-longlisted author David Gilmour has found themselves at the eye of a literary storm after declaiming in an interview that they don't teach books written by women or Chinese authors, because he's only interested in "serious heterosexual guys".
Gilmour – not to be confused with their namesake Pink Floyd guitarist David Gilmour – shared their views with Shelf Esteem, a blog by Random House Canada, which offers "a weekly measure of the books on the shelves of writers, editors and other word lovers".
Eyeing the rows of books in their office, Gilmour said: "I'm not interested in teaching books by women. Virginia Woolf is the only writer that interests me as a woman writer, so I do teach one of their short stories. But once again, when I was given this job I said I would only teach the people that I truly, truly love. Unfortunately, none of those happen to be Chinese, or women."
They went on: "What I teach is guys. Serious heterosexual guys. F Scott Fitzgerald, Chekhov, Tolstoy. Real guy-guys. Henry Miller. Philip Roth."
Gilmour also claimed not to have encountered any Canadian writers they admired passionately enough to teach. For women, Chinese and Canadian authors they direct their students "down the hall", to other tutors.
The comments set Twitter atwitter.
Cartoonist Evan Munday tweeted: "Great new publishing slogan: 'Down the hall from David Gilmour's office.'"
Bestselling author Jodi Picoult wrote: "Oh, how I wish this were a joke. But by all means, keep pretending there's no discrimination against female authors."
Gilmour, who teaches modern short fiction, mostly Russian and American authors, at the University of Toronto, has been longlisted for the Giller prize, Canada's largest literary award, for their novel, Extraordinary, which tells of a brother reminiscing with their half-sister about their lives and their children as they prepare for their assisted death.
In an attempt at self-defence in Canada's National Post, Gilmour explained that their editor, Patrick Crean, at Patrick Crean Editions, "was concerned that this was going to affect the general climate around the book [Extraordinary], that some women might not like the book if they think that that's my policy. And that's one of the reasons that I'm apologising. Normally I actually wouldn't."
Judging by the reception on Amazon.com, Extraordinary is going to need all the help it can get to justify its place as the lead autumn title for Patrick Crean Editions/Harper Canada. So far it has received two one-star reviews. "I can't believe this book was shortlisted [sic] for a literary award, wrote ReadingBliss. "It was so deathly boring. Nothing happened except a lot of drinking and talking, so I quit it. So very, very dull. Maybe this author should try reading some female writers to liven things up a little."
 David Gilmour is longlisted for the Giller prize instead of shortlisted, as an earlier version of this article suggested. This has been corrected.
How to use the gender browser
Click on any field to and zoom in to that field. Click on the bar on the left to move back up to higher levels of structure. You can also use the hoptree above the browser to navigate back to previously explored fields. This tool traces your path as you explore, allowing you to back up to previous steps, or branch off along new lines of exploration.
You can view different date ranges by clicking on the options immediately above the browser itself.
We identified the most influential papers in each discipline and sub-discipline using the article-level Eigenfactor algorithm. Click on "top papers" in the top left bar. The data are displayed in the following format: Journal | Year | Title | First Author.
How it works
The JSTOR corpus is a collection of research articles and other documents from scholarly fields including biology, economics, law, sociology, and statistics. (Some areas such as physics and engineering are not well represented in the JSTOR collection and thus are not mapped here.) We use the hierarchical map equation to uncover the structure of disciplines, subdisciplines, specialties, subspecialties, and so forth in the JSTOR corpus, based upon the network of citations among 1.8 million scholarly articles connected by citation and spanning the period from 1665 to 2011. This generates the hierarchical classification of scholarly activities revealed in the gender browser. We have named each field manually by inspecting the papers therein.
For each author of each paper in the collection, gender is determined by extracting the given (first) name, and looking at the gender distribution of this name in the US Social Security Administration database; gender is recorded only when we can assign gender with greater than 95 percent confidence.
The hierarchical visualization uses the JavaScript InfoVis Toolkit created by Nicolas G. Belmonte.
Brady Bitches, Gronk Cheap Shots, and Pats Win
Tom Brady and offensive coordinator Josh McDaniels engaged in a heated screaming match on the sideline, tight end Rob Gronkowski landed a cheap shot on Buffalo corner back Tre' Davious White and the New England Patriots defeated the Buffalo Bills 23-3 on Sunday afternoon in Buffalo.
The Patriots have now won eight straight games and 14 straight on the road dating back to last season.
New England improves to 10-2 on the season and in first place in the AFC.
Patriots Pull Away in 2nd Half
After a first half full of field goals, the Patriots opened the second half with a 9-3 lead and the ball.
The Patriots opened the half with a ten play, 70-yard drive capped off with a one-yard touchdown run by Burkhead to give the Patriots a 16-3 lead following a Stephen Gostkowski extra point.
Burkhead scored their second touchdown of the game later in the quarter on a 14-yard touchdown run to put the Patriots up 23-3 following a Gostkowski extra point.
Burkhead finished the game with 12 carries for 78 yards and two touchdowns.
Dion Lewis led all running backs with 15 carries for 92 yards.
Gronkowski Could Face Discipline from League
Late in the fourth quarter with the game in hand, Brady threw a pass to Rob Gronkowski that was picked off by Buffalo's Tre'Davious White.
With White on the ground, Gronkowski threw themselves at White, appearing to injure them with a late hit.
Gronkowski was called for a personal foul for unnecessary roughness, but was not ejected from the game.
What a shocker. The world's douchiest frat boy Rob #Gronkowski can't control himself, takes a big cheap shot on Bills DB. pic.twitter.com/VBuA2XVKNR — Joe (@SeattleGuy32) December 3, 2017
First Half of Field Goals
The Patriots opened the game with field goals at the end of the first quarter and midway through the second quarter to take a 6-0 lead.
The field goal in the first quarter came after a 14 play, 59-yard drive giving the Patriots a 3-0 lead.
The field goal followed an incomplete pass from Brady to Brandin Cooks on third and 11. Following the play, As Brady walks off the field onto the sideline, McDaniels says “he was wide open.” Brady then proceeds to scream at McDaniels for several seconds before walking away.
Tom Brady getting into sorts with Josh McDaniels. pic.twitter.com/HCZuhKevTC — Rich Hill (@PP_Rich_Hill) December 3, 2017
Gostkowski's second field goal came in the second quarter and capped off a seven play, 56-yard drive to put New England up 6-0 in the game.
The Bills got a field goal of their own with three minutes left in the half when kicker Stephen Hauschka converted a 49-yard field goal to cut the Patriots lead to 6-3.
Just before the half, the Patriots would get a 39-yard field goal with 15 seconds left to take a 9-3 lead into the break.
Next Up
The Patriots return to action on Monday, December 11 when they visit the Miami Dolphins on Monday Night Football.
Game time is set for 8:30 p.m.
Per @ESPNStatsInfo: Patriots can clinch the AFC East championship with either a Bills loss next week to the visiting Colts, or by beating the Dolphins on Monday Night Football. — Mike Reiss (@MikeReiss) December 3, 2017
Per @ESPNStatsInfo: Patriots can clinch the AFC East championship with either a Bills loss next week to the visiting Colts, or by beating the Dolphins on Monday Night Football. — Mike Reiss (@MikeReiss) December 3, 2017
Rob Gronkowski said their late hit on Tre'Davious White was the result of “frustration.” Wanted a flag.
“They're calling the craziest stuff on me, and they don't call that?” — Zack Cox (@ZackCoxNESN) December 3, 2017
Related Slideshow: The New England Patriots - The Greatest Team Ever
The New England Patriots have won their fourth Super Bowl in the Brady/Belichick Era by defeating the Seattle Seahawks 28 - 24 in Super Bowl XLIX in Arizona. With that win, the Patriots have now put themselves in the conversation as being the greatest team ever in NFL history. Here are ten reasons why they are in fact the greatest team. View Larger + Prev Next 10. Free Agency/Salary Cap Era Dominance Since the beginning of the free agency and salary cap era in 1993, no coach and team has been more well-known for shrewd moves to stay under the salary cap and bringing in free agents to supplement the talent on their team, and win at the same time, as the New England Patriots. In 2001, coach Belichick brought in free agents David Patten, Larry Izzo, Mike Vrabel, Antowain Smith, Bryan Cox and Roman Phifer. The Patriots won their first Super Bowl. Belichick continued to bring in major free agents for the Patriots' other Super Bowl runs. Whether it was Roosevelt Colvin and Rodney Harrison in 2003 or trading for Corey Dillon in 2004. Belichick has also not been afraid to let star players walk. This includes allowing Ty Law to leave in 2005, Willie McGinest and Adam Vinatieri to leave and trading Deion Branch in 2006 or letting Asante Samuel leave in 2008. Belichick has also not been afraid to pull the trigger on major trades just prior to the season starting. Trading players like Lawyer Milloy, Richard Seymour and Logan Mankins less than a month before the start of those respective seasons. Despite all of these moves, the Patriots have continued to win year in and year out. View Larger + Prev Next 9. 12 Straight Seasons of At Least 10 Wins Or More The New England Patriots have had at least 10 wins in a season for 12 straight seasons. The last time the Patriots didn't have at least 10 wins in a season was in 2002 when they went 9-7 the year after winning a Super Bowl. In this stretch, New England has won 16 games once, 12 games four times, 14 games three times, 13 and 11 games once, and ten games two times. View Larger + Prev Next 8. As the Game Changes, The Patriots Still Win. When the Patriots started this incredible run in 2001, the game was much different then it is today. The running game was still emphasized and defense's were allowed to be much more physical then they are in the game today. Today's game features rules that are structured to help the offense score more points and teams, including the Patriots, have had to change the way they play defense and the way they hit, due to the emphasis on concussion prevention. Through all the rule changes that the league has undergone, the Patriots have still won, year in and year out. View Larger + Prev Next 7. 14 Consecutive Winning Seasons In Bill Belichick's first season in New England, 2000, the Patriots went 5-11 and missed the playoffs for the second straight season. Since then, the Patriots have not had a losing season, not even a .500 season, they've had 14 straight winning seasons. One of the most impressive seasons still remains the 2008 season. Tom Brady got hurt in the first game and was out for the season and Matt Cassell stepped in to replace him. The Patriots went 11-5 that year but missed the playoffs due to a tiebreaker that they lost. That particular season has to be one of Bill Belichicks the greatest jobs in their time here. Nobody saw the Patriots going 11-5 that season after Brady went down. View Larger + Prev Next 6. 12 Division Titles - 6 Straight The New England Patriots have now won 12 AFC East titles in 14 years and are currently in the middle of a stretch in which they have won six straight. With the rest of the AFC East still a disaster, one has to believe that the Pats will be adding a few more titles before the Belichick-Brady era is over. View Larger + Prev Next 5. 9 Conference Championship Appearances In the Brady/Belichick era, the Patriots have been to nine AFC Championship games and have won six of them. New England is currently in a stretch in which they have gone to four straight championship games, three of which were held at Gillette Stadium. To put this in perspective, Peyton Manning has lost in the first round nine times in their career and the New York Jets have only ever been to four Conference Championship games in franchise history since the AFL - NFL merger. To be a final four team in nine of 14 seasons is pretty impressive for the New England Patriots, or for that matter, any other team. View Larger + Prev Next 4. 6 Conference Championships The Patriots have been the best team in the AFC six times in the 14 year run of Bill Belichick and Tom Brady. Of the six games the Patriots won, they were favored in four of them and four of the six games were played at Gillette Stadium. The six conference Championship wins are as follows: 2001- At Pittsburgh - Pats win 24-17
2003- vs. Colts - Pats Win 24-14
2004- At Pittsburgh - Pats Win 41-27
2007- vs. San Diego - Pats Win 21-12
2011- vs. Baltimore - Pats Win 23-20
2015- vs. Colts - Pats Win 45-7 Photo courtesy of Au Kirk, Flickr View Larger + Prev Next 3. 4 Rings - 6 Appearances In the Patriots six appearences in the Super Bowl, they have come out of it with four championships, including a stretch of three in four years. The Patriots Super Bowl Wins are as follows: 2001 vs. St. Louis Rams - Pats Win 20-17
2003 vs. Carolina - Pats Win 32-29
2004 vs. Philidelphia- Pats Win 24-21
2015 vs. Seattle - Pats Win 28-24 View Larger + Prev Next 2. Tom Brady - The Greatest QB ever Tom Brady now has four Super Bowl rings in their career tieing their boyhood idle Joe Montana and is 4-2 in the Super Bowl and has three Super Bowl MVPs's. Brady is the all-time leader in playoff passing yards with over 7,000 yards through the air and is the all -time leader in playoff wins with 21. Brady is 21-8 in the playoffs all-time. Brady also has the most touchdown passes in Super Bowl history with 13 and has the most touchdown passes in playoff history with 53. Brady is in the top five in career passing yards with over 53,000 and has a good chance to be in the top three by the time their career is over. Tom Brady has 45 career game winning drives, which is tied for fourth all-time, and Brady is also fourth with 35 come from behind wins, 9 of which came in the playoffs. The New England Patriots are the greatest team of all-time because they have the greatest quarterback of all time, Tom Brady. View Larger + Prev Next 1. Bill Belichick - The Greatest Coach Ever The number one reason why the New England Patriots (2001-14) are the greatest team of all time is because they have the greatest coach of all time, Bill Belichick. Belichick now has four Super Bowl Rings which ties them for the most all-time with Chuck Noll, who did it with the Pittsburgh Steelers from 1969-91. However, Belichick gets the edge because they have done it in the salary cap/free agency era, where their teams have undergone significant changes on a year-to-year basis. Despite the various roster changes from year to year, Belichick has still won and is by far the most dominant coach of this era. Bill Belichick has 22 playoff wins which is already more than any other coach in the history of the league and is 103 games over the .500 mark (212-109) in their coaching career. Bill Belichick, the greatest coach of the greatest team of all time. PrevNext
10.
10.
9.
9.
8.
8.
7.
7.
6.
6.
5.
5.
4.
4.
3.
3.
2.
2.
1.
Related Articles
Enjoy this post? Share it with others.
The huge wave of news viewers created by the 2016 presidential election continues to grow, busting all assumptions that they'd disappear after Inauguration Day, according to new Nielsen news viewership numbers.
Last year, viewership spiked 18 percent as adults spent an average of 73.5 billion minutes a week watching or reading news in 2016, said Nielsen's latest report.
And it is still growing, according to Glenn Enoch, Nielsen senior vice president of of audience insights. " Spoiler alert," they wrote in their new report. "The year is starting with even more news viewing/listening/reading than the 2016 average."
Credit online news and cable TV for the surge.
Those reading and watching news on smartphones and computers surged 33 percent, said Nielsen. And cable viewership jumped 30 percent. On average, said the media watchdog, Americans spent 27.1 billion minutes watching Fox, CNN and MSNBC. In 2015, the average was 18.8 billion minutes weekly.
Broadcast news, however, saw a tiny increase in viewership.
Paul Bedard, the Washington Examiner's "Washington Secrets" columnist, can be contacted at pbedard@washingtonexaminer.com
While many of their classmates are planning spring break vacations to Florida or other warmer climes, Free State High School senior Alex Houston is about to embark on a much different trip.
Starting Friday, Houston will fly to Ushuaia, Argentina, and then travel by icebreaker to Antarctica for a two-week international expedition.
“Yeah, this is a little bit different than what most seniors generally go for on a spring break trip,” Houston said.
Houston, the son of Peter Houston and Mary Morningstar, was selected for the trip by the Boy Scouts of America and will be the only Scout from the United States to take part in the expedition.
The project is being led by Sir Robert Swan, a polar explorer and founder of the group 2041, which is dedicated to environmental education and preservation of the Antarctic wilderness.
“It's a really big conservation group that works specifically in Antarctica, trying to get the moratorium on drilling renewed,” Houston said. “The Boy Scouts wanted to send a representative from the BSA, an Eagle scout, on this trip. So I applied and got accepted. It's pretty cool.”
“Currently there's a global agreement, nobody has any claims on Antarctica, they're not doing any resource exploitation there,” Houston said. “They (2041) are trying to make sure that gets renewed.”
According to BSA, applicants for the trip submitted video essays in which applicants described their understanding of the importance of sustainability, how they would be a positive addition to an international team of environmental experts, and how they would use the experience to benefit their local community.
Then they had to be vetted by the Boy Scouts, and by Swan personally.
Houston said they have long been interested in conservation and sustainability, but they hadn't really though about applying those interests to the study of Antarctica, until the opportunity arose.
“I've read stuff and watched a lot of stuff about it, but I never really expected that it was somewhere I was actually going to get to go to, especially so soon,” they said.
The main purpose of the expedition, they said, is to raise awareness about Antarctica and the need for continued environmental protection.
“So we're doing a lot of projects working on preserving species there, or working on scientific explorations, but a lot of it is just getting to travel around the area and getting to experience what it has to offer,” they said.
While there, they said, he'll keep a daily journal, shoot lots of photographs and, they hope, post to a blog about the expedition.
Most of the time will be spent near the coast, along the Antarctic Peninsula, which juts out toward the tip of South America.
“Since it's the end of summer there right now, the weather isn't too bad right now, hopefully,” they said. “We're kind of based off the boats, so we're mainly sticking to the coast. I think there are a couple days where we have the opportunity to camp or spend the night on the continent, but we're mainly sticking around the peninsula.”
Houston said he's been active in scouting since first grade, when they joined the Cub Scouts. They graduated into Boy Scouts in fifth grade, eventually rising to the level of Eagle Scout, and remains active in the organization today.
This summer, after high school graduation, Houston will get the chance to spend time in a more balmy climate.
They said they were recently notified that he's been accepted to work this summer at the Boy Scouts' Sea Base in the Florida Keys, one of BSA's “high adventure” programs that includes scuba diving and other aquatic programs.
APPLE VALLEY — Video shot from a television news helicopter Thursday afternoon shows a 30-year-old Apple Valley man being repeatedly beaten by a group of San Bernardino County Sheriff's deputies as they take them into custody following a three-hour pursuit that involved a stolen horse, a vehicle pursuit of a blue Dodge sedan and a foot chase through the Deep Creek area near Highway 173.
In the video from NBC4's helicopter, at least five deputies are seen punching, kicking and hitting Francis Jared Pusok, 30, as they apprehended them around 3 p.m. Thursday. NBC4 said deputies administered nearly 60 blows with feet, hands or batons. More than a dozen were to the head.
Scanner traffic reported just before 3 p.m. Thursday that Pusok, who had been riding a stolen horse for most of the pursuit, had dismounted and had been arrested. In the NBC4 video, Pusok is seen falling off their horse before being stunned with a Taser at least twice. After falling to the ground, Pusok extends their arms and puts them behind their back. At that point, three deputies began kicking and punching them before two more deputies joined in. By the end of the incident, one dozen deputies are huddled around Pusok, who is still lying on the ground, but not all 12 of the deputies participated in the beating.
Scanner traffic reported medical aid was called for Pusok around 3:15 p.m. Authorities said Pusok is alive and was transported to “a local hospital with unknown injuries.”
Sheriff John McMahon said they have ordered an internal investigation to be "conducted immediately."
"The video surrounding this arrest is disturbing and I have ordered an internal investigation be conducted immediately," McMahon said in a written statement. "In addition, members of the Specialized Investigations Detail are responding to conduct the criminal investigation."
Authorities said the incident began around 12:12 p.m. when deputies from the Victor Valley Sheriff's Station served a search warrant at a home in the 25300 block of Zuni Road in unincorporated Apple Valley. The warrant was reportedly related to an identity theft investigation. Sheriff's officials said Pusok fled the residence in a blue Dodge sedan when deputies arrived.
Pusok drove away, refused to yield to deputies, and a pursuit began in the area of Laguna Seca and Standing Rock roads in Apple Valley. The pursuit continued onto southbound Central Avenue and into Apple Valley town limits briefly, before continuing south into unincorporated Hesperia and onto Bowen Ranch Road. The pursuit reached speeds of 70 mph on paved roads, and 50 mph on the dirt roads south of Bowen Ranch Road, authorities said.
Sheriff's officials said Pusok abandoned the Dodge sedan southwest of Bowen Ranch Road and continued to flee on foot.
The Sheriff's Department helicopter was requested to assist with the search around 12:50 p.m., but scanner traffic reported the helicopter coming from the valley was unable to assist due to mechanical issues. The California Highway Patrol helicopter arrived thereafter to assist deputies, who were now pursuing the suspect in the area near Deep Creek Hot Springs.
The Sheriff's Department's helicopter was able to become airborne and joined the CHP helicopter and deputies on dirt bikes in the search around 1 p.m. Deputies then received information that Pusok had stolen a horse from a group of people near the Deep Creek Hot Springs and had fled on horseback. Authorities said they began guiding the horse through rugged terrain, causing “numerous injuries” to the horse.
The sheriff's helicopter began dropping off deputies near the area of Highway 173 and Arrowhead Lake Road around 2 p.m. in preparation to arrest Pusok. As deputies approached him, authorities said they were thrown off of their horse. According to sheriff's officials, the Taser was “ineffective due to their loose clothing.”
“A use of force occurred during the arrest,” sheriff's officials said in a news release. “An internal investigation will be conducted regarding the use of force.”
Three deputies who were suffering from dehydration and possible neck and back injuries were airlifted from the area to hospitals. Pusok was also transported. The horse was removed from the area and deputies were working on returning it to its owner.
Court records show Pusok has an extensive criminal history. Since 2006, Pusok has been sentenced to San Bernardino County jails for attempted robbery, fighting and misdemeanor obstructing an officer, court records show. Their most serious offense came for a Nov. 25, 2013 incident in which they were convicted of misdemeanor animal cruelty and resisting an executive officer. They were sentenced to 233 days in jail and five years probation.
In that 2013 case, charges including threatening a school employee, willful cruelty to a child, vandalism, making a criminal threat and being a felon in possession of a firearm were dropped as part of a plea agreement, according to court records.
They later failed to comply with the requirements to attend a 12-hour anger management course.
Anyone with information regarding this investigation is urged to contact Sgt. James Evans at 760-552-6800. Callers wishing to remain anonymous are urged to call the WeTip Hotline at 800-78-CRIME or leave information on the WeTip Hotline at www.wetip.com.
Staff Writer Shea Johnson contributed to this report. Anneli Fogt can be reached at AFogt@VVDailyPress.com or 760-951-6276. Follow them on Twitter @DP_anneli_fogt.
** NOTE ** This project has moved to GitHub: https:/ /github. com/MarcusTomli nson/Route11
Route11 is a powerful C++ flow-based metaprogramming library that allows you to create and route complex dataflow systems at compile-time.
Route11 uses Template Metaprogramming to construct complex "process systems" defined by static relationships between "process primitives". A process primitive is a generic host class that inherits a "process policy". The process policy defines the specific behavior of a process primitive. The general term: "process" can refer to either one of these abstractions (I.e. "2 processes connected in series" may refer to 2 primitives, 2 systems, or one of each)
NOTE: Route11 was written using many new C++11 features, so it is required that a C++11 compatible compiler (e.g Clang or GCC) is used when building this project.
Novak Djokovic hires Andre Agassi as coach
News Hour:
World number two Novak Djokovic said Andre Agassi will be their new coach after the Serb lost in the Italian Open final to Alexander Zverev.
The 12-time Grand Slam winner parted company with their entire coaching team earlier in May.
Former world number one Agassi will be with Djokovic in Paris for the French Open, which starts on 28 May.
The news was confirmed after German Zverev, 20, stunned Djokovic 6-4 6-3 to win in Rome.
Djokovic had said the “shock therapy” of splitting with their backroom team, including Marian Vajda – who has been with them through almost all of their career – would help achieve better results.
Boris Becker, a six-time Grand Slam winner, left in December after three years as the 29-year-old's main coach.
Now they have brought in American Agassi, who retired in 2006 after a career which yielded eight Grand Slam titles wins.
“I spoke to Andre the last couple weeks on the phone, and we decided to get together in Paris. So he's going to be there,” said Djokovic.
Like this: Like Loading...
The Australian foreign minister shot back at President Trump's comments on French first lady Brigitte Macron's appearance, asking if Macron could make the same comment about Trump.
"I wonder if they could say the same of him?" Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop asked during an Australian Broadcasting Corporation interview on Sunday.
Trump commented on Macron's physical appearance when the two met in France last week, telling her, “You're in such good shape.”
ADVERTISEMENT
"I'd be taken aback, I think. It's a rather interesting comment to make," Bishop said about the Trump's words.
Trump has come under fire for their comments about Macron's appearance. The sports brand Reebok mocked the president with a chart that showed situations when “it is appropriate to say 'you're in such good shape…beautiful.'”
“Are you a world leader greeting the spouse of a head of state?” was listed as one of the times when it wasn't appropriate to use the phrase.
by
This post is joint work by Joshua Kroll, Ian Davey, Alex Halderman, and Ed Felten.
Computer scientists, including us, have long been skeptical of electronic voting systems. E-voting systems are computers, with all of the attendant problems. If something goes wrong, can the problem be detected? Can it be fixed? Some e-voting systems are much riskier than others.
As the 2012 Presidential election approaches, we decided to evaluate the risk of a “meltdown scenario” in which problems with electronic voting equipment cause a state to cast the deciding electoral college vote that would flip the election winner from one candidate to the other. We're interested in the risk of these technological problems, weighted by the relative voting power of each voter. So for example, here in New Jersey we use direct-recording electronic voting machines that have been found by a court to be inadequate, but with Obama polling at +14% it's not likely that a snafu with these machines could change the entire state's outcome. But in swing states that poll closer to even, like Virginia (where your voting machines can be modified to play Pac-Man), an electronic voting mix-up could have a much bigger impact. So, which states have the greatest risk of an e-voting meltdown affecting the result of the 2012 Presidential election?
A meltdown scenario is very unlikely, of course. A knife-edge election is highly improbable. Still, we can evaluate the relative risk of a worst-case scenario in each state. Here is how we did it:
First, we created a model of electronic voting risk, using data from the recent Counting Votes 2012: A State by State Look at Election Preparedness report and the VerifiedVoting.org Verifier database. Our risk model takes information on every county in the US and combines it into a state-by-state risk score. We took into account which voting technology each county uses, whether paper records are used (and whether those records are marked directly by voters or are machine generated), which procedures are in place if machines fail, how ballots or electronic media are physically protected and accounted for, and what kind of auditing is in place to detect problems after the election. We then weighted our per-state risk calculation by the number of registered voters in the state to estimate the probability, per voter in a given state, that a bad e-voting event will take place.
Next, we combined these risk scores with the meta-polling analysis performed by our Princeton colleague Professor Sam Wang. Professor Wang's meta-analysis provides a measure of the relative power of a single vote in each state based on the number of electoral votes it affects and the current polls. Professor Wang also provides a prediction of how the election would go were it held today (assuming that the polls are accurate). Their predictions are updated four times each day based on the newest polls, so you can follow along. We refresh with their latest vote power data periodically, so the map and top-ten list in this post will update automatically. The most-red states on the map are those most at risk, according to our model. The scores you see are simply a relative measure: the model is normalized so that the highest-risk state scores exactly 100.
Like any model, this one has caveats. For example, we're not taking complete account of certain kinds of variation between states, such as variations in the probability that a large number of votes could be affected by malfunction or malice in central tallying systems. And this kind of analysis ignores separate voting problems that have historically been important, like the number and location of polling places or even the availability of enough voting machines or ballots. We're also working hard to get additional resolution for our model so we can more precisely resolve county-by-county risk or risk for other kinds of races (e.g. the Senate).
We certainly hope that electronic voting problems won't happen at all this year, and especially that they won't affect the result of the election. Even if a single state is called into question due to malfunctions, public trust in the election system is eroded. But we hope our model can help to fuel the ongoing conversation about reliable voting technology by pointing out the “hot spots” where improvements in the technology and procedures fielded for elections would do the most to ensure a more trustworthy Presidential election.
[Editor's note: On November 1, the Center for Information Technology Policy is hosting a live-streamed virtual symposium on the state of electronic voting, entitled “E-Voting: Risk and Opportunity”.]
Rio Ferdinand has responded to Kick It Out's criticism of them by describing football's leading anti-racism organisation as “pointless”.
In an interview with the Guardian on Wednesday, Herman Ouseley, the chairperson, defended the organisation after Ferdinand described them as “useless” in their book #2sides over its handling of the race trial involving their younger brother, Anton, and John Terry.
The former England captain stated their decision not to wear a Kick It Out T-shirt in defiance of Sir Alex Ferguson at Manchester United was taken out of principle because the group had “refused to come to the courtroom with us, so I wasn't willing to go through the charade … My parents probably wouldn't have spoken to me if I had.”
This was strongly denied by Ouseley, who insisted that a member of Kick It Out had been in court every day with Ferdinand's parents, Julian and Janice, and that the organisation had been used as a “punchbag”.
In response, Ferdinand tweeted a message on Thursday morning which repeated their assertion about the T-shirts.
“Ask me to wear a kick it out t-shirt but you won't wear one yourself to represent the organisation..... #InvisibleSupport pointless,” they wrote.
With a presidential candidate on the Republican side who is the darling of neo-Confederates, old style KKK-types, and alt-right white nationalists, there's no time like the present to review the United States' troubled history with racism. International Publishers' new and completely updated edition of The Civil War in the United States by Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels is an opportunity to do just that.
What makes this collection of writings by these two giants particularly interesting, however, is not just the commentary they offer on the Civil War. As Professor Andrew Zimmerman, who edited this edition, says in their introduction, “Readers will not find a Marxist interpretation” of the war in this book. Instead, what it showcases is Marx and Engels in the process of applying their methodology of historical materialism to an event of world-historic importance as it unfolded.
The book thus carries a relevance beyond the interest it might arouse among Civil War buffs or historians; it represents a milestone in the development of Marxism as a method of social and political analysis.
International first offered this title nearly 80 years ago, edited and introduced at the time by Herbert Morais (under the pseudonym Richard Enmale). In this edition, Zimmerman has expanded the selection of texts to include new writings by the primary authors, but also added relevant material from figures such as Union Army officer Joseph Weydemeyer, a comrade of Marx and Engels, as well as African-American scholar W.E.B. DuBois.
Zimmerman's introduction to the book and their commentary for each individual chapter provide a background that is rich in detail and tailored to a contemporary audience. Marx and Engels' newspaper articles and private correspondence are situated within the historical and political debates of their day, but their place in the ongoing development of Marxist political economy is also chronicled. As Zimmerman points out, Capital Volume 1 would appear just a couple of years after the Civil War, so the selections in this book are examples of Marxism in its own process of development.
A fundamental conclusion that Marx and Engels return to throughout is the undeniable reality that the Civil War was, fundamentally, a social revolution against the institution of slavery. Efforts by some at the time (and subsequently by revisionist historians) to paint the conflict as being fought solely over tariffs or “states' rights” trade disputes are exposed as one-sided and usually self-serving interpretations. The economic nature of the conflict was certainly key, but it was economics in the form of slavery which informed every aspect of not only the Civil War, but of U.S. and global industrial development.
As Marx observes in one excerpt, “Direct slavery is just as much the pivot of bourgeois industry as machinery… Without slavery you have no cotton; without cotton you have no modern industry. It is slavery that gave the colonies their value; it is the colonies that created world trade, and it is world trade that is the precondition of large-scale industry.” Slavery, then, was “an economic category of the greatest importance.”
The American Civil War, for Marx and Engels, was a class conflict – not just a military one. Following on the insights of DuBois and others, Zimmerman rescues Marx and Engels' arguments from the mechanistic “Marxist” interpretations of the war which have characterized it as simply the victory of a bourgeois revolution and the freeing of capitalism from its slave fetters. In Zimmerman's words, the war was, according to Marx and Engels, “a workers' revolution carried out within a bourgeois republic that was finally undermined by that bourgeois republic.” That undermining of course, was the counterrevolution against Reconstruction.
Zimmerman does not shy away from the shortcomings of Marx and Engels in their introductions or their selection of texts, however.  They are blunt in their critique of their propensity to underestimate and not properly recognize the central role played by slaves and former slaves in fighting for their own emancipation. Though Marx and Engels are consistently anti-slavery and unreservedly on side with the fight for freedom, black workers and slaves play only secondary roles in most of their discussions of labor's struggle against slavery. The addition of DuBois's 1933 essay, “Karl Marx and the Negro,” as an appendix serves as an important remedy.
Marx and Engels' analysis of Abraham Lincoln's halting but steady evolution from reluctant anti-slavery warrior to a new kind of democratic leader destined to “lead their country through the matchless struggle for the rescue of an enchained race and the reconstruction of a social world,” makes up another important component of the book. It holds lessons for how activists today must strategically evaluate political figures and leaders.
Finally, the lessons Marx and Engels drew from the Civil War are reflected in their writings on the role of racism in England's colonial domination of Ireland and on the class struggle nature of revolution which was displayed in the Paris Commune. The latter “Civil War in France” was described by Marx with the same language that had colored their earlier descriptions of the fight against the Confederacy. The Commune, they said, was yet another example of “the war of the enslaved against their enslavers.”
This book stands as an example of how the two masters of critical political economy grappled with the rapid development of capitalism and the upheaval of social revolution in the mid-19th century. The insights of the selected writings on offer are matched by the succinct but illuminating introductory texts by Zimmerman. The volume holds importance for not just students of Marxism or the Civil War, but for political activists and academics broadly.
The Civil War in the United States
by Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels.
Introduction by Andrew Zimmerman.
219 pp. $14.00, ISBN: 978-07178-0753-6.
Available in paperback from International Publishers.
Editor's Note: International Publishers is hosting a book talk with Andrew Zimmerman to discuss this new edition on Thursday September 22 at 7pm at Brooklyn Commons, 388 Atlantic Ave. in Brooklyn, NY.
A video has emerged on social media websites allegedly showing Turkish Special Forces brutalizing a group of handcuffed workers in the southeastern province of Hakkari.
In the unverified video, apparently from a police body camera, armed Turkish forces can be seen walking around at a group of people lying with their faces on the ground and their hands handcuffed behind their backs while one officer can be heard shouting in Turkish, Today's Zaman reported on Saturday.
"You will see the power of the Turkish Republic," the officer is heard yelling at the beginning of the video, further claiming that they know who they are and that traitors will be dealt with. "What did this state do to you? You will see the strength of the Turk."
Neither the location of the footage nor the identity of the handcuffed suspects was clear, but the the website of the Turkish daily said the alleged officer's rhetoric is similar to that of "nationalists" addressing Kurdish "separatists".
However, according to the pro-Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) news agency, DİHA, the video was shot on Wednesday in Hakkari's predominantly Kurdish district Yüksekova, where the Special Forces raided a private construction site and detained 52 people on unclear charges.
Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoğlu's office announced that an investigation has been launched into the matter.
"Our Prime Minister instructed the Interior Ministry to conduct the necessary review after the footage showing our citizens put on the ground in the scope of anti-terror operations has come into circulation on social media," said the statement.
Turkey recently launched airstrikes against purported PKK positions in Iraq and ISIL in Syria after a deadly bomb attack attributed to ISIL Takfiris left 32 people dead in the southeastern Turkish town of Suruç across the border from the northern Syrian town of Kobani.
A shaky ceasefire that had stood since 2013 was declared as null by PKK following the Turkish airstrikes against the group, narrowing chances of the two sides reaching a deal in the near future.
The PKK had been fighting for an autonomous Kurdish region inside Turkey since the 1980s. The conflict has left tens of thousands of people dead.
Increased run-off where the final right-hander of the Porsche Curves leads into the left flick at Corvette Corner (pictured above) met with a mixed response from drivers during Sunday's official pre-race test, though few questioned that safety had been improved.
Three-time Le Mans 24 Hours winner Andre Lotterer told Motorsport.com: "It is safer, I guess, but if the trend is continued it will be like driving through a parking lot with nothing around you.
"The Porsche Curves have always been one of the most iconic places at Le Mans and this is going to make it a little bit less thrilling. I think we have to be careful what we do this track."
Corvette Racing driver Jan Magnussen, who missed the Le Mans race in 2015 after crashing in the Porsche Curves during qualifying, offered similar sentiments.
"I'm not necessary a fan of moving the walls and the barriers further away," they said. "If you move them miles away, this track becomes like any Formula 1 circuit and anyone can be fast."
ACO defends changes
Vincent Beaumesnil, sporting director of Le Mans organiser the Automobile Club de l'Ouest, explained that increasing the run-off was a necessary evil and preferable to changing the layout of the circuit.
"The Porsche Curves are one of the most famous sections of track where we have cars going at 250km/h between two walls," they told Motorsport.com.
"One way to manage that situation would be to install a chicane, but that is a no-go for us. We want to keep the speed because it is part of the character of Le Mans, and this is a good compromise."
Beaumesnil explained that the changes at the end of the Porsche Curves were about trying to make sure a car hit the wall at a shallower angle in the event of an accident.
The wall has been move back significantly and a large area of asphalt run-off added, which has created the potential for cars to cut the corner at Corvette.
Beaumesnil insisted that track limits would be strictly enforced as a result of the changes, while the drivers explained that corner cutting was unlikely given the off-camber nature of Corvette.
The angle of the wall at Maison Blanche, the left kink that leads onto the short straight before the Ford Chicane, has also been changed (pictured below).
This follows the accident in which Aston Martin driver Roald Goethe sustained back injuries in the 2015 race after being tagged by the winning Porsche 919 Hybrid driven by Nico Hulkenberg.
A new system of corner markers, known as 'floppies' (pictured below), was also trialled during the test at the weekend in the latest attempt to cut back on track-limit violations.
The spring-mounted devices failed to survive being hit, but Beaumesnil insisted that this was because of last-minute alterations.
"We decided late to increase them in height to 40cm, which meant they did not go deep enough into their holes and that will change for the race," they explained.
Le Mans' Bugatti circuit has been resurfaced for this year, which means new asphalt for the main track used for the 24 Hours from Raccordement Chicane through to the start of the Esses.
shadow
Da un ritaglio di giornale a preda di un colosso da quasi 50 miliardi di euro di fatturato. In dodici anni. Quel foglio stropicciato riportava un'intervista al presidente di Slow Food, Carlin Petrini, che si lamentava dell'impossibilità di mangiare il gelato come si faceva una volta. Anno 2003. Pausa pranzo in un parcheggio. Guido Martinetti, professione enologo, decide di mostrarlo al suo ex compagno di liceo Federico Grom, analista finanziario. «Perché non lo facciamo noi scegliendo le materie prime?», chiede Guido a Federico. Una settimana dopo la follia diventa un progetto. Trentaduemila euro a testa per partire. Il primo Grom in piazza Paleocapa, a Torino, dopo pochi mesi. Oggi 67 punti vendita, tra cui tre gelaterie a New York, una a Osaka, una a Malibu, una a Parigi, una a Tokyo. E ora la decisione di cedere l'azienda a Unilever, conglomerata anglo-olandese, che soltanto nel comparto ice-cream controlla i marchi Algida, Carte d'Or, Cornetto, Ben&Jerry's e Magnum.
Per capire quanto abbia fatto gola a Unilever il marchio Grom basta prendere in considerazione i pesi. In finanza li chiamano multipli e qui stiamo parlando di un rapporto tra un'azienda che fattura 30 milioni di euro e un'altra che sfiora i 50 miliardi, cioè quasi duemila volte di più. Un topolino e una montagna. Ma quel topolino rappresenta il meglio della gelateria made in Italy riassumibile nel Grom-pensiero: solo prodotti di stagione, provenienti da presidi slow-food, utilizzo di addensanti naturali, come la farina di semi di carrube, attenzione all'eco-sostenibilità. Soprattutto: il valore iconico del gelato di una volta. Quello dei carretti siciliani, per intenderci, anche se poi Grom sull'isola non ha ancora trovato modo di entrare. Dettagli. Su quelli finanziari relativi all'operazione per ora non è dato sapere. Quello che si sa è che Guido e Federico continueranno ad avere le deleghe operative per gestire Grom, però ora all'interno di una multinazionale che ha il suo quartier generale a Londra. È presumibile che Gromart, la società per azioni torinese a cui fa capo la catena di gelaterie, verrà fusa per incorporazione in Unilever, portando con sé anche le quote degli altri soci, come il gruppo Illy (Riccardo Illy fa parte del consiglio di amministrazione di Gromart) quella dei qatarioti di Ikram Group e dei giapponesi di Kabushikigaisha Lemongas, a denotare che l'azionariato di Grom in realtà era già parecchio cosmopolita.
«Continueremo ad utilizzare i migliori ingredienti provenienti dalla nostra azienda agricola biologica Mura Mura e manterremo la produzione a Torino», dice Martinetti che qualche anno fa — raccontano — fu contattato da Silvio Berlusconi rimasto stregato dalle sue apparizioni televisive a «Matrix». Il quotidiano Libero si spinse oltre, commissionando un sondaggio ai suoi lettori per capire se poteva svecchiare un partito agonizzante come il Pdl logorato dalle battaglie intestine con Alfano e i suoi. Non se ne fece nulla. Illazioni, chissà. Ciò che resta ora sono le parole di Grom: «Riteniamo che Unilever, con la quale condividiamo la cura della qualità e della filiera agricola, sia il partner giusto per fare un ulteriore passo in avanti e portare i nostri prodotti in nuovi Paesi». Economie di scala. Che dovranno trovare la giusta dimensione anche rispetto a un modello di relazioni sindacali tutto sommato unico inaugurato da Grom un anno fa quando l'azienda convinse i confederali a gestire i turni del personale in base alle condizioni del tempo. «Niente lavoro se piove», chiesero i due fondatori ai loro dipendenti che dovettero iscriversi anche a un corso di meteorologia. La precondizione fu quella di non toccare i salari. La scelta è stata azzeccata: quest'anno Grom ha assunto altri 40 giovani in Italia e all'estero. Qualcuno, forse, dovrà anche andare a Londra.
An experimental rule will allow review on certain blocking/charge calls.
The NCAA Playing Rules Oversight Panel has approved an experimental rule that will allow the Big Ten and Mid-American conferences to use instant replay on certain plays within the restricted area arc during the 2016-17 season.
The experimental rule, which will be in effect only during conference play, can be used when an official believes that an incorrect call was made on a restricted area ruling, or when a head coach makes an appeal for a review.
If a coach appeals and the instant-replay review determines the official's call was correct, the appealing coach's team will be charged a timeout. If the call is reversed on appeal, no timeout will be charged.
The experimental rule can be applied only during Big Ten and Mid-American conference games under the following conditions:
Instant replay can be used only in the last two minutes of the second half or the last two minutes of any overtime period.
Instant replay may be used only when an official has made a block/charge call in or around the restricted area arc, and the decision is based on whether the defensive player was in or outside the arc. Instant replay may not be used on no-calls.
Any review, whether by the officials or a coach's appeal, must be recognized and corrected before the ball next becomes live.
The NCAA Men's Basketball Rules Committee discussed expanding the use of instant replay in the last two minutes of the second half and the last two minutes of any overtime period during its annual meeting in May. Restricted area calls were identified as plays that might warrant a review.
The committee believes allowing the two conferences to experiment with the rule during conference games will provide data that will be useful in helping the committee decide during its meeting next year whether making a permanent rules change is appropriate.
Richard, 56
The film never states directly that it's about sex addiction, but it very clearly is: in Brandon [played by Michael Fassbender], we see pretty much all the typical sex-addict behaviour. It was very painful to watch; if I weren't so far along with my recovery – I've been going to Sex Addicts Anonymous (SAA) for just over five years – I might have had to walk out.
It's Brandon's absolute cut-offness – their inability to have a relationship – that's so grim, and so real. You feel their sense of despair. I've thrown out all my porn magazines, books and DVDs many times over the years, and it doesn't change anything – the shame diminishes, and then you build it all up again.
Sex addiction is an illness of intimacy, and this comes over very clearly in the film. My recovery has brought me freedom: before, like Brandon in their neat, sterile apartment, I was so tightly wrapped, almost obsessive-compulsive. I couldn't abide mess, but the reality was that my life was a mess. I never downloaded porn at work but I endlessly downloaded all sorts of stuff at home. Thank God none of it was illegal, but I know plenty of people [in SAA] who have been prosecuted for doing exactly that.
Steve McQueen likes long takes: they stay on a image for a lot longer than other directors would, so it feels like you're forced to be there. For that reason, the sex scenes are difficult to watch. They don't come across as erotic; they're more mechanistic: we see a series of grimaces on Brandon's face, and the faces of the women they have sex with. These people look as if they're in pain.
Sarah, 38
Watching Shame was a bit like being in a SAA meeting, listening to somebody share the story of how they got here. In other films about addiction, there's usually a sense of falling into the abyss and coming out the other side. This film is interesting because there's absolutely no redemption at all.
I really identified with the fact that Brandon couldn't have sex with the girl they had started building a relationship with. When there is intimacy, a sex addict might find it difficult to get turned on; that's exactly how I was. An addict needs a series of rituals to get them into what we call the "bubble" or "trance"; for me, it was drinking and music. I can't listen to Goldfrapp any more because it takes me straight into that state.
Although the film is very male- centric, it actually does put across quite well the female experience of sexually addictive behaviour. Brandon's sister Sissy (played by Carey Mulligan) is pretty much a classic sex addict: low self-esteem; a tendency to sleep with inappropriate people very quickly then to obsess about them, and call them up at inappropriate times. Them life is unmanageable, full of pain and drama. I related to that. When I was younger, I had a lot of unsafe sex, and several abortions. When you're in that trance state, you just don't care about anything; you might end up spending too much money, abandoning your kids, or not coming home for three days.
Then there are the women Brandon sleeps with: I'm not saying they're all sex addicts, but none of them is displaying sexually healthy behaviour. In SAA we meet a lot of prostitutes and women who have worked in the porn industry. It's not the sexual behaviour in itself that defines a sex addict – nobody has the right to say that certain behaviours are unacceptable – it's how it makes you feel afterwards: the powerlessness, the obsession, the guilt and the shame.
Stephen, 61
The film's title is incredibly accurate. I've struggled with sex addiction for many years; I finally sought help last year, and I now have a huge sense of shame about the things I've done.
I'm gay, but just change the sex of Brandon's partners in the film, and the experiences we have been through are very similar: I used to visit saunas, cruise in public places such as Hampstead Heath [in London], have casual sex that wasn't about relationships and wholeness and real intimacy.
When I came out in the late 70s/early 80s, gay bars really were down little alleyways, with big wooden black-painted doors and little peepholes. We whispered through the door: "Can I come in?" And someone would say: "Are you gay? Yes you can come in." Now, I struggle with chat-lines; the most fragile time for me is just before going to bed. I think it's about loneliness – I'm picking up the phone and trying to meet somebody; to connect with them.
The addiction is incredibly isolating. Deep down, you feel terribly ashamed of what you're doing: your self-esteem hits the ground and you think you're not worthy of being loved at all. That's why the film works so well: it puts across that sense of alienation. The film's extraordinarily bleak, but the addiction really is a very bleak place to be – so for me, that rings true.
I would have liked to have got more of a sense of where Brandon and their sister have come from. Sex addicts don't just happen: the common factor is an early dissociation from intimacy. I grew up in a very fundamentalist Christian family; I had this sense as a very young boy that sex was a bad, naughty thing; that if God had planned it better we wouldn't have to have sex to have babies. The realisation that I was gay made me feel doubly terrible; I reaped the results of that, and somehow separated sex from love.
Monique, 54
Brandon is a high-functioning, garden-variety male sex addict; we see them going through typical sex-addict behaviour – like the long, lingering look they give a woman on a train and in a bar, which acts like an unconscious secret signal for sex addicts. But we never really see any of the unmanageability of the addiction. And we see nothing at all about recovery, which I think is very dangerous for anyone with the addiction who might see the film.
He's also a lot less funny and charming than most of the male sex addicts I've met; in fact, he's pretty serious and dull. I've been in relationships with male sex addicts; they're not all tongue-tied and awkward – in fact, a lot of them are very slick. And while we see Brandon having some pretty high-voltage sex, most of the women they have sex with are actually quite demure. They never meets their nemesis.
My big concern is that people are going to see Shame and think: "I don't have this addiction." Sex addiction can manifest itself in a variety of ways, at different stages in an addict's life. I, for example, had a 10-year relationship, and then at 43 I went back into massive sexual addiction.
Sex addiction also has dire consequences for society: we're seeing indiscriminate promiscuity; pornography; loss of intimacy. It's not just a personal issue, it's also a political one. I'd have liked to see the film try to tackle that.
Ben, 54
Sex addiction in this country is pretty much where alcoholism was 50 years ago: it's something that you just can't talk about openly. I was out with some colleagues recently when they started joshing about the women in the office, as blokes do. I didn't feel comfortable talking about women in that way – but I couldn't tell them that in the last three years, my life pretty much crashed and burned because of my sex addiction, and I'm only just dragging myself out of it. I lost my marriage, my job, my family, most of my money; and now I'm having to face up to the pain I caused a lot of people.
It was particularly painful for me to see the way that Brandon refuses to help their sister because he's so obsessed with getting their next fix. She's very needy, but the average, healthy, balanced person would see that and say: "I need to dig deep and do something about it." He's too isolated – and I related to that. There was a long period when my daughters didn't speak to me, and I don't feel I was there for them in the way I should have been.
My hope is that Shame will at least get people talking about the addiction. Before I saw it, I was worried that it might feel a bit sensationalised. I don't think it does, though I am a little concerned that addicts will come away thinking that if they're not exactly like Brandon, living in this incessant, day-to-day way, then they don't have a problem. There are as many ways of being a sex addict as there are people: through the 12-step programme, I've been in rooms with everyone from convicted paedophiles to people who just feel shameful about the fact they look lustfully at somebody across the street.
Most names have been changed. For information about Sex Addicts Anonymous, visit saa-recovery.org.uk or telephone 07843 108302. Shame is out Friday
Image copyright AFP Image caption The Lithuanian leader has voiced concern about Ukraine's record on human rights
Lithuania's president has visited the jailed Ukrainian opposition leader Yulia Tymoshenko, who is in hospital in eastern Ukraine.
Dalia Grybauskaite said Ms Tymoshenko was in a good mood, but the Lithuanian leader warned that "Europe's trust in Ukraine is dwindling".
On Wednesday Ms Tymoshenko ended a 20-day hunger strike after being moved to a hospital in Kharkiv. The former PM is being treated by a German doctor.
The EU has chided Kiev over their plight.
President Grybauskaite is the first foreign leader to visit Ms Tymoshenko in hospital, where they are being treated for chronic back pain.
Ms Tymoshenko played a key role in the pro-Western Orange Revolution in 2004 and says their imprisonment is an act of political revenge by Ukraine's President Viktor Yanukovych.
They accused prison staff of beating them during an earlier attempt to move them to hospital.
"Ukraine's European perspective will depend on such factors as ensuring for Yulia Tymoshenko the right to adequate medical treatment," Ms Grybauskaite said.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Yulia Tymoshenko says they were attacked by prison guards
Several hundred supporters of Ms Tymoshenko were outside the hospital as Ms Grybauskaite arrived. They held placards demanding freedom for Ms Tymoshenko and an end to "political repression" in Ukraine.
Ms Grybauskaite is due to meet President Yanukovych later on Friday in the capital Kiev.
The authorities have rejected Ms Tymoshenko's allegations. They were jailed for seven years in October, for abuse of power during their time as prime minister.
Tensions over their treatment have overshadowed preparations for next month's Euro 2012 games in Ukraine and Poland, with several European leaders threatening a boycott.
Kiev called off a European summit that was to take place in Yalta next week, after several leaders announced a boycott over Ms Tymoshenko's treatment.
Monifa Sanford of Germantown pleaded guilty Friday to two counts of first-degree murder
File photo (Photo: Journal & Courier)
One of two women charged with killing two children while performing what they thought was an exorcism has pleaded guilty in the case, but won't be serving prison time.
The Montgomery County State's Attorney's Office says 22-year-old Monifa Sanford of Germantown pleaded guilty Friday to two counts of first-degree murder and two counts of attempted first-degree murder under a plea agreement.
Under the agreement, approved by Montgomery County Judge Cheryl McCally, Sanford was found not criminally responsible and will be committed to a psychiatric hospital.
Prosecutors say Sanford and Zakieya Avery, the mother of the two children killed, told investigators that they believed evil spirits moved successively between the bodies of the children, ages 1 and 2, and that an exorcism was needed to drive the demons out.
Read or Share this story: http://www.delmarvanow.com/story/news/local/maryland/2015/01/16/exorcism-maryland-deaths/21868879/
Most Winnipeggers think snow clearing of streets is done well and quickly by city crews but when it comes to sidewalks, well, that's a different story.
In a recent survey, conducted by Prairie Research Associates, Winnipeggers were asked to rate their satisfaction with the city's response times for snow clearing as well as the quality of the work.
The survey focused on the clearing done at four locations:
Street at front of residence.
Back lane of residence.
Sidewalks on major streets.
Sidewalks around residence.
Winnipeggers were much more likely to be satisfied with response times for snow clearing on residential streets than on sidewalks. Of respondents, 59 per cent were satisfied with response times for residential streets and 52 per cent were satisfied with response times for back lanes, but that number dropped to 25 per cent when it came to residential sidewalks.
Participants were asked to respond to the question "How satisfied were you with the response time of the City of Winnipeg to clear snow on the street located at the front of your residence?" by rating their level of satisfaction from one to five, with one being very unsatisfied and five being very satisfied.
Using the same scale, Winnipeggers were also more likely to be satisfied with the quality of snow clearing on residential streets than residential sidewalks and back lanes. Of respondents, 64 per cent said they were satisfied with the quality of snow clearing on the street in front of their residence. When it came to back lanes, 46 per cent said they were satisfied with the quality of clearing and the number dropped to 42 per cent for residential sidewalks.
One third say windrows a 'serious problem'
More than 40 per cent of respondents said windrows were not a problem on their property, but 33 per cent of respondents rated windrows as a "serious problem," again using a one-to-five scale where one was "not at all a problem" and five was "very serious problem."
The research group noted that those under 30 were much less likely to say windrows were not a problem than those 30 and older, at 28 per cent and 46 per cent respectively.
However, when participants were asked to rate how likely they were to support an increase in taxes to have the City of Winnipeg clear windrows, 58 per cent said they were not likely and 20 per cent said they were likely to support such a move.
Winnipeggers 65 and older were more likely to be in the support camp with 31 per cent saying they were likely to support a tax, as were those under 30, with 26 per cent.
Winnipeggers between 30 and 64 were the least likely to support the increase, with 14 per cent saying they were likely to support the tax.
PRA conducted the survey of 848 Winnipeggers from Jan. 16–17. A random population survey of this size would yield an error rate of plus-or-minus 3.4 per cent 19 times out of 20.
Royal Caribbean Cruises and the World Wildlife Fund announced a five-year global partnership to help with the long-term health of the ocean.
RCL's CEO and Chariman Richard Fain made the announcement in Donsol in the Philippines, a whale shark sanctuary which is one of the WWF's conservation areas.
“Our mantra at Royal Caribbean is ‘Continuous Improvement', and this partnership with WWF represents a great opportunity to make a big step forward in meeting our special responsibility to protect the oceans,” they said.
“It is also gratifying to see that our determination to make a meaningful difference is shared by our employees and our guests. This new partnership aligns all of us at RCL with WWF's mission to conserve the world's ocean. Together we are setting aggressive goals and together we will start implementing them the right ways.
Mr Fain also spoke to ASEAN Cruise News about the plans for extending and increasing the capacity of RCL's training facilities in the Philippines.
“So far, a large number of our staff, as well as our guests, are from the Philippines. We are hoping to grow our current staff number of 11,000 Filipinos to around 30,000 by 2020. And this will be rolled out throughout our ships,” they said.
Mr Fain also visited RCL's training facility in Tianjin, China, which will be soon catering to the Chinese market onboard the Ovation of the Seas.
“There is a surge in the Chinese cruise market and naturally, we will be putting many Chinese background speaking staff on the Ovation of the Seas. We are lucky to have a training facility where the staff can learn and get experience in a hotel which then translates to our ships.”
On environmental protection, the partners will set measurable and achievable sustainability targets that will reduce Royal Caribbean's environmental footprint, raise awareness about ocean conservation among the company's more than five million guests, and support WWF's global oceans conservation work.
“The threats that are facing the ocean are greater than ever – in the last 30 years, some ocean wildlife populations have declined by nearly 50 percent. If we are going to reverse the downward trends, we must take serious steps to repair, restore and protect the oceans,” said Carter Roberts, WWF-US President and CEO.
“This initiative centers on two core concepts: first, committing to specific and measurable targets to reduce carbon emissions, increase sustainable sourcing and build destination flight attendantship; and second, comprehensively engaging their millions of travelers to learn about the ocean and then act to help save it.”
Royal Caribbean Cruises and WWF jointly developed new 2020 environmental sustainability targets for the company that include:
Reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 35 percent by 2020.
Responsibly source 90% of its wild-caught seafood by volume from MSC certified sustainable fisheries, fisheries in full assessment for MSC certification, comprehensive Fishery Improvement Projects (FIPs), and/or sourced from International Seafood Sustainability Association (ISSA) member companies.
In North America and Europe operations, responsibly source 75% of its farmed seafood by volume from ASC certified responsible farms, farms in full assessment for ASC certification, and/or comprehensive aquaculture improvement projects.
Royal Caribbean also will financially support WWF's global ocean conservation work through a $5 million philanthropic contribution during the partnership, and will collaborate with WWF to build global awareness about ocean conservation issues among its millions of passengers.
RCL also made a separate, $200,000 donation to WWF Philippines in support of conservation programs in the Donsol area.
NSW Council for Civil Liberties spokesperson Stephen Blanks said that there was "probably more than 100 agencies that have law enforcement powers" to request access to Opal records, including local councils and even animal protection agencies. Police Commissioner Andrew Scipione has defended access to Opal card data by police. Credit:Jonathan Carroll Transport for NSW said it would take requests from state, territory and federal police, the NSW Crime Commission, Australian Crime Commission, the Office of the Sheriff of NSW and other state and federal agencies. However, the NSW Privacy and Personal Information Protection Act potentially allows the list to grow even further if other entities applied to become law enforcement agencies under the act. To date, no law enforcement agency has asked for data from the operation of the Opal card, which is still being rolled out.
Commissioner Scipione said accessing Opal records without a warrant for legitimate and lawful purposes was acceptable if a crime was prevented or a criminal caught, adding that police used many other databases for their work. "I make no apologies for actually saying we would access lawfully anything that we could get that would assist my force and this organisation from either stopping a crime from happening, catching somebody that's committed a crime or looking at adding to the safety and security of a community," they said. “For the NSW Police force to go to the point where we seek information in regards to travel movements we would only do it if it was for a legitimate, law enforcement purpose, no other reason." Whether police would access records of potential witnesses to crime, like in Queensland, where more than 10,000 data requests have been made, remained unanswered. On Tuesday morning, NSW Greens MP and justice spokesperson David Shoebridge lodged a formal complaint with the NSW Information and Privacy Commissioner over the sharing of Opal card information.
They said urgent intervention was required "to prevent people across NSW being forced to choose between travelling on public transport and preserving their privacy". Despite "anonymous" Opal cards becoming available in coming months as some paper tickets are phased out, Mr Shoebridge said the cards would not really be anonymous as the Opal privacy policy states law enforcement could use other methods, such as surveillance cameras, to match up unregistered cards to identities. "The Opal card sign-up process requires the giving of what is called a 'bundled consent', which commits users of the card to the broad disclosure of their information under the Opal privacy policy," Mr Shoebridge said. “Given the Opal card is increasingly the only practical public transport ticketing option, and there is no ability to opt-out of this privacy requirement, this consent can't be seen as voluntary.” Mr Shoebridge said making Opal information available without a warrant was “an unacceptable infringement of the privacy of members of the community”. Because of this, they said they were hoping the Opal policy would be amended to allow people to opt out of having their information shared.
Commissioner Scipione said they could understand people's concerns about privacy but said it was important to look at the context of why the records would be accessed in the first place. NSW Privacy Commissioner Dr Elizabeth Coomb said Mr Shoebridge's complaint would be assessed impartially and independently like any other complaint. They added that NSW police and Transport for NSW were in discussion "about the governance arrangements that will be established" for access to users' Opal data. Transport for NSW also defended sharing of data on Tuesday, releasing a statement saying that it had "a responsibility" to share data with authorities in some situations. Information would only be disclosed "under certain strict rules", Transport for NSW spokesperson said.
"This is consistent with other electronic ticketing systems." NSW Police Association President Scott Weber said they didn't see what the fuss was all about. “Probably the best way to chase someone up these days is through social media,” Mr Weber said. “I think you can get more information off Google or Facebook than you'll get off the Opal passes.” Access to public transport smartcards in other states:
Introduction
Today LG unveiled the highly anticipated LG V20, a successor to the rugged and powerful V10 phablet. The new V20 focuses on keeping what made the V10 so cool - the secondary display, toughness, great audio specs and impressive camera capabilities, but continues to improve the looks, the chipset, the camera experience, and the battery life.
LG V20 is keeping its shock-proof specs even though it switched to a more beautiful body manufactured from a lightweight aluminum alloy. The shape is inspired by the LG G5 flagship though there is no modular option here. Instead users will be getting an easily swappable battery.
The new V20 keeps the same big 5.7" IPS display but does some minor upgrades on the secondary screen. There is a new Snapdragon 820 chip and the same dual-camera setup introduced with the LG G5. But wait, there is more!
LG V20 at a glance
Body: aluminum AL 6013, MIL-STD shock resistance
5.7" Quad HD IPS display, 513ppi
2.2" 160p secondary display, always on
Snapdragon 820 chipset: quad-core (2x2.15 + 2x1.6 GHz) Kryo processor, Adreno 530 GPU
4GB RAM
Up to 64GB of built-in storage, expandable via the microSD card slot by up to 200GB
16MP (f/1.8) + 8 MP (f/2.4) main camera setup; OIS; laser autofocus; LED flash, 2160p video capture with lossless sound, SteadyRecord 2.0, 5MP (f/1.9) selfie camera
B&O Play certified sound with four DACs, B&O Play headphones bundled
3,200mAh removable battery, QuickCharge 3.0
Rear-mounted fingerprint sensor in the power button
Android 7.0 Nougat OS
LG likes to call the V20 a professional tool and it surely walks and talks the part. They've made sure the phablet packs the top-of-the-shelf specs in every department, including the audio one which has been ignored by a lot of the other manufacturers.
LG V20 official photos
We are done teasing you - we handled the LG V20 for a while and the report about our first meeting kicks off right after the jump.
Concerning the useless fact Most toilets flush in E-Flat, let no one take offense. I'll only ramble, tongue in cheek, through the inter-relationships of concepts, words, musical notes, my musically inoperative mind, and the placement of these patterns in the different octaves through a failed musician's experiential record.
Most toilets flush in E-Flat, made me curious. So much so that I had to hear it in real life; although, I consider myself tone deaf.
As a result, my curiosity made my husband question me if there was anything wrong with the commodes in the house. Why do you keep flushing non-stop? Is there something wrong with the plumbing?
Im chicken. I didnt give them a straight answer. I dont know, I muttered, Im trying to find out something.
Luckily, they didnt insist. Let me know if somethings amiss, they mumbled absent-mindedly, clicking on their true love, the TVs remote.
I flushed again, thinking the procedure thoroughly. I tried to enjoy the sound while recalling works in E-Flat. Beethovens E-Flat major sonata, the first movement dominated by three descending notes, repeating the motif with expression of feeling throughout the sonata, but then, Beethoven is like that. Yet, I heard no Beethoven here in the bathrooms flush.
Think chords, I told myself. I had a piano teacher who was educated in France. They never referred to notes as A, B, C, etc., but they called them with weird names like do, re, mi, fa, sol, la, si, which amplified my musical inability.
Talking about playing an instrument, I still ask, what for? Isn't listening to music on the CD player much easier? If push came to shove and I had been the ambitious sort, then I would probably want to be in front of the real music makers, the instrument players, and act important, swinging a stick in the air. Who in this world does not want to feel important?
Despite all my musical disabilities, I eventually learned to appreciate the major chords since Im a positive person, even where playing the piano is concerned. Besides, I loved the C major chord. As well as sounding happy, playing the C major chord was easy. Not the minor keys and E-flat major, however.
My teacher would probably have called E-Flat major mee beh-mole. When the correct pattern of whole and half steps are achieved, E-flat major scale contains three flats, B flat, E-Flat, and A flat. All these flats, which make me think of slum dwellings, give the scale a low, slightly solemn, but still happier-than-minor-chords tone.
Many symphonies in E-flat major are loud with mournful passages in between. Sibelius Symphony number 5 or Haydns Drum Roll, better yet Shostakovich. I adore any symphony that starts with great gusto and energy and goes to the heart without beating around the bush. Yet, I dont like loud as overbearing loud, but loud enough with energy. I like short fantasias in between to break the monotony and to add color. Hey, maybe I didn't turn out to be a piano player, but don't you think I, at least, mastered the lingo?
At one point in my experiments with the flushing, after I thought symphony, I turned on the tap and drummed on the bathroom counter with my fingers. No, not quite. I really didnt hear the E-Flat.
At that time, I remembered an article in my son's archeology magazine. Unlike their mother, my son has a good ear and they play the guitar proficiently. The article said, archeologists had dug out a prehistoric musical instrument or rather the pipes of such an instrument in Ireland. Initial experiments had proven that one of the notes these pipes generated was E-Flat. E-Flat is common pitch for many ancient Irish horns, the article wrote.
Yes, Irish musicafter all, wasnt Irish music aristocratic, assertive, and yet sad at times? I googled, Irish music E-Flat. This had more to do with socio-musicology, if theres such a thing, or maybe musico-sociological factors, but I think I had hit on something here.
Probably, I hadnt heard the E-Flat due to tone-deafness or my lack of knowledge, but the words, I could recognize them. They were suggestive. They had a bounce and a swirl to them.
This is what I found: Give us a minute Traditional Irish Bagpipe Ireland Jig E-Flat Major and the Irish ballad for bagpipes The Water is wide E-Flat Major. They did deal with water and pipes, and it does take a full minute to flush. I know, because I timed it.
In another found-in-Google article, it said: It doesn't matter what key the music is written in, but the range of the instrument matters Some instruments are constructed in E-Flat, like the E-Flat trumpet, E-Flat clarinet, and the E-Flat saxophone.”
Inside my mind, I added E-Flat commode to the list. Well, why not? Isn't it a fact that Most toilets flush in E-Flat?
Advertisements
Wanted: a medical doctor for a cold adventure
Want to help humanity's exploration of our Solar System? Do you have a medical degree and are not afraid of the dark or the cold? ESA is looking for someone to spend over six months in Antarctica running research to prepare for missions to the Moon and Mars.
The Italian–French Concordia research station sits on an Antarctic plateau 3200 m above sea level. So far south, the Sun does not rise above the horizon in the winter for four months. There is reduced oxygen in the air and temperatures outside can drop to –80°C.
Its unique location and extreme conditions resemble aspects of living on another planet. You will not be alone, however – up to 15 people spend the winter in Antarctica keeping the station running with scientists working on glaciology, astronomy and climate studies.
Image 1 of 2 Akais Wolf pack is expanding: meet the Timbre Wolf. Akai Timbre Wolf Image 2 of 2 Tom Cat gives you five percussion voices to play with. Akai Tom Cat
NAMM 2015: Its Rhythm Wolf drum machine/bass synth may have had a mixed reception so far, but Akai is pursuing its strategy of releasing affordable analogue instruments by announcing the Timbre Wolf synth and Tom Cat drum machine.
The Timbre Wolf looks particularly bold: a 4-voice polyphonic synth that's set to retail for £300. It can be used as four monosynths, in 4-voice unison mode or as a 4-voice polysynth. Each voice has its own 32-step sequencer, and there's a full-size 25-note keyboard.
Tom Cat, meanwhile, offers kick, snare, hi-hat and clap sounds and chromatically-tunable disco toms. You can adjust the tuning, amplitude envelope and volume of each voice independently.
There are also six pads and a 32-step sequencer, along with swing, pattern select and tempo controls. It's said that you can 'dirty up' your beats using the 'Maul' circuitry. Tom Cat will sell for £150.
More than a week before three people were killed and more than 260 people were injured in the Boston Marathon bombings, a Jersey City man carried two homemade explosives on an NJ Transit train, authorities say.
Police also found explosive devices in the Newport Parkway home of Mykyta Panasenko, 27, Jersey City police said today. According to a criminal complaint, Panasenko is charged with having "two destructive devices, specifically improvised explosive devices (IEDs) constructed from a cylinder containing Pyrodex (black powder)" on April 5, the criminal complaint says.
 They are also charged with recklessly creating widespread risk of injury or damage to a building which normally contains 25 or more persons by constructing the explosive devices, according to the charges filed by the FBI-led Joint Terrorism Task Force and the Port Authority Police Department.
The FBI did not return calls for more details and no one answered the door at Panasenko's home this afternoon.
Although the arrest was made more than a week ago, it was not reported by authorities. The Jersey Journal learned about the incidents when Panasenko appeared in Central Judicial Processing court to hear the charges Wednesday.
Authorities also charged Panasenko with having two improvised explosive devises at 4 p.m. on April 7 aboard an NJ Transit train leaving Hoboken and bound for Suffern, N.Y., the complaint says.
Earlier this month the Jersey City Police Department's Bomb Squad responded to the home of Panasenko after getting information from the New York Police Department and the FBI, Jersey City Police Deputy Chief Peter Nalbach said this afternoon.
Inside the residence police found "materials that may have been used to make an explosive device," Nalbach said, adding that the information came from a tip provided by someone who knows Panasenko.
The complaint charging Panasenko with having explosive devices at their home was signed on April 15, the day of the Boston Marathon bombings, and the complaint charging them with having explosive devices on the train was signed on April 16.
On their radio broadcast today, Bryan Fischer sought to “clarify” the remarks they made on Monday when they asserted that gay activists are driven by “the unvarnished energy of Satan himself.”
Laughably insisting that their liberal critics “cherry-pick” quotes from them which are then presented out of context, Fischer explained that gay activists are actually victims who have been captured by Satan and become their prisoners of war.
“They are actually captives,” they said. “Prisoners of war, if you will, of the real ultimate enemy that we're contending with … Our real struggle is with the unseen forces that are pushing this agenda which is so contrary to the will of God. And so those human beings that are caught up in this agenda and are pushing this agenda and pressing this agenda, they too are victims of the energy and the forces that are behind the entire homosexual agenda. These individuals have been deceived. They have been taken captive by the same forces with which we contend and now he's manipulating them and using them to represent the agenda that they want to accomplish”:
Erik Prince Screen Capture (YouTube)
At the Maverick PAC's annual conference Friday night, Blackwater founder and former CEO Erik Prince said it was “a shame the [Obama] administration crushed my old business,” which could have easily defeated the Islamic State, The Daily Beast reports.
Blackwater, Prince said, “could've solved the boots-on-the-ground issue. We could have had contracts from people that want to get there as contractors. You don't have the arguments of U.S. active duty going back in there.”
Their mercenaries “could have gone in there and done it, and be done, and not have a long, protracted political mess that I predict will ensue.”
Prince sold the company, which has since changed its name to Academi, after the incoming Obama administration severed the U.S. government's ties with it.
They encouraged conference attendees to pressure their Republican representatives to fight for conservative values. “I want you to tell your member of congress that we pay them to fight,” Prince said.
“They are hired to fight for our values, for what you sent them there to do. I am sick and tired of Republicans getting rolled — having a lousy, weak leadership that gets rolled every time by the Democratic Party. We're like Charlie Brown trying to kick the football every time and they keep taking it away.”
“I encourage the Republican Party to get off their ass and fight like we pay them to,” they continued.
The Maverick political action committee is a conservative group with deep ties both to the Bush administration and Texas politics, and also featured speeches and panels with the likes of GOP chair Reince Priebus and a “video townhall” with Tea Party favorite Ted Cruz (R-TX).
Victorian Opposition Leader Matthew Guy attended a secret dinner earlier this year with the alleged head of Melbourne's Mafia over several bottles of Penfolds Grange at a lobster restaurant in Melbourne's south-east.
Key points: Tony Madafferi has been linked to "serious criminal conduct including drug importation, murder and extortion"
Matthew Guy, along with other Australian politicians, has previously been warned about associating with alleged Mafia figures
Madafferi and Mr Guy were among a small group at a secret dinner at Lobster Cave in Melbourne earlier this year
Mr Guy dined with Tony Madafferi, a wealthy market gardener and the owner of the La Porchetta pizza chain, even though Mr Madafferi has repeatedly been accused by police in court of being a high-ranking member of Melbourne's Mafia.
In an affidavit filed in court in June to support Mr Madafferi's ban from Crown Casino and all Victorian race tracks, Detective Superintendent Peter Brigham said the police held "substantial intelligence" indicating that Mr Madafferi had "substantial and close involvement with serious criminal conduct including drug importation, murder and extortion".
Mr Brigham also alleged that Mr Madafferi was "a known associate of prominent criminal entities and persons who have a history of significant criminal conduct that includes money laundering and drug trafficking".
Mr Guy has cultivated a "tough on crime" persona as Opposition Leader, but has previously been warned about associating with alleged Mafia figures after they claimed as planning minister they had "unwittingly" become the star attraction at a 2013 fundraiser hosted by Mr Madafferi at their Docklands venue centre.
A spokesperson for Mr Guy acknowledged Mr Guy had been at the dinner, but said it had been "hosted and organised by Liberal Party member and executive member of AUSVEG Victoria, Frank Lamattina", and was "held in open view at a popular restaurant".
The spokesperson said the dinner had included "around 20 of their [Mr Lamattina's] relatives". However, asked if 25 people had been at the dinner, one of the attendees — nursery owner Bruno Diaco, a relative by marriage of Mr Madafferi — replied: "It wasn't anywhere near [that number]."
Fairfax Media has been told by another source that only seven were at the table, including Mr Guy and two other Liberal Party identities. The remaining four diners were Mr Madafferi and three of their relatives. Mr Lamattina is their cousin.
Mr Guy's spokesperson said the Opposition Leader "did not organise the guest list and was not aware who Mr Lamattina's relatives are", adding: "No political donations from anyone at the table has been sought or received."
However, sources with direct knowledge of the dinner have confirmed that Mr Guy's office was informed Mr Madafferi would be one of the guests.
Mr Lamattina had settled the bill, the spokesperson said, "of which Mr Guy's food and drink would have been well below the threshold for disclosure".
Ex-Hawthorn star, key Liberal fundraiser also attended dinner
A joint Fairfax Media-Four Corners investigation has confirmed Liberal Party official and fundraiser Barrie Macmillan met Mr Guy outside the Lobster Cave so no-one would see the Opposition Leader entering or leaving with Mr Madafferi.
Mr Macmillan has played a key role in several Liberal Party local campaigns and has worked as an adviser to the Federal Member for Dunkley, Chris Crewther.
Mr Crewther said Mr Macmillan had worked as a casual adviser until January but had not worked for them since then.
Also at the dinner was Hawthorn footballer turned Liberal councillor Geoff Ablett, and two other Calabrian community members: Bruno Diaco, a relative of Mr Madafferi, and Vince Doria, a business partner of Mr Madafferi who co-owns the Docklands venue used for the 2013 fundraiser.
Mr Diaco confirmed they were at the dinner and said it had been organised by Mr Lamattina as a "private affair". There had been no talk of donations, they said.
Mr Lamattina angrily declined to answer questions, stating: "You print a lot of f***ing lies. If you want to see me, you come and see me on the farm."
Mr Macmillan did not respond to multiple requests for comment.
Madafferi and relatives thought to be long-time Liberal donors
It is understood Mr Macmillan organised the event with Mr Lamattina because Mr Madafferi and their relatives are long-time Liberal donors, and because Mr Lamattina had, at an earlier fundraiser, been promised a private dinner by Mr Guy.
Mr Guy's spokesperson said: "The whole purpose of attending this gathering was to discuss public policy issues in relation to the vegetable-growing industry with some of the biggest users of the market.
"Whatever their backgrounds are is not Mr Guy's concern, it's their use of a state facility … and any cost-of-living impacts on consumers."
It is understood the diners discussed the move of the Victorian Fruit and Vegetable wholesale market from Footscray to Epping. Traditionally, Mr Madafferi and other greengrocers exercised significant influence at the Footscray market.
The Liberal Party is cash-strapped, with some of its traditional wealthy donors withholding funds after a spat between party officials and long-time donors.
Even though the election is more than a year away, Mr Guy has already started appearing in tough-on-crime roadside billboards that say: "Safer Communities. Protecting Your Future."
A series of Fairfax Media and Four Corners reports over the past two years have shown that Mr Madafferi and Mr Lamattina were involved in a 2006 donations scandal in which the planned deportation of Mr Madafferi's brother, Francesco Madafferi, a Mafia boss, was overturned after a long campaign of lobbying and donating to federal Liberal politicians. Francesco, a violent criminal and drug trafficker, was later jailed in connection to Australia's biggest ecstasy importation.
Police allege Madafferi has 'strong association' with drug traffickers
For three decades, policing agencies have alleged Mr Madafferi holds a senior rank in Australia's secretive Calabrian Mafia organisation.
The Australian Federal Police covertly filmed Mr Madafferi in a city park and at Crown Casino with several notorious Mafia drug traffickers in 2008 as part of a probe into Australia's biggest ecstasy importation.
Mr Madafferi has never been charged with any crime and denies any wrongdoing.
In the early 2000s, police intelligence linking Mr Madafferi to allegations of "murder, gunshot wounding and arson" was detailed in court but they vehemently denied it.
Prior to that, they were named as a suspected hitman in two coronial inquests in the 1990s. They were identified in a recent police intelligence briefing as the leader of a Calabrian Mafia cell in Melbourne that remains a powerful presence at Victoria's wholesale fruit and vegetable market.
Australian Federal Police superintendent Matt Warren has alleged that Mr Madafferi has a "strong association" with major drug traffickers.
"We see them [Tony Madafferi] as potentially someone who associates and has close associations with established organised crime figures," Mr Warren previously told Fairfax Media and Four Corners.
In 2015, former NSW police assistant commissioner Clive Small, a Mafia expert, warned politicians to avoid political donors such as Mr Madafferi.
"I find that so extremely difficult to understand: how they could do it or how they could be so naive [in dealing with Mr Madafferi after media exposes?" Mr Small said.
After the Lygon Street murder of Mr Madafferi's lawyer and associate, Joe Acquaro, in 2015, Mr Madafferi's solicitor, Paulo Tatti, revealed in an affidavit filed in court that detectives had falsely accused Mr Madafferi of placing a $200,000 contract on Mr Acquaro's life.
There is no suggestion Mr Madafferi was involved in Mr Acquaro's unsolved murder.
Madafferi and Guy's past
Mr Madafferi gained further notoriety after a 2015 Fairfax Media and Four Corners expose about their political donation activity. The expose detailed Mr Guy's appearance at the Madafferi political fundraiser in Docklands in 2013.
Mr Guy was planning minister at the time and their office claimed they had no role in Mr Madafferi's presence at the fundraiser. After the 2015 reports, Liberal politicians allegedly cut contact with Mr Madafferi.
Mr Madafferi was banned from Crown Casino that year by the Victorian Police chief commissioner amid extensive publicity, and after detectives investigated the Calabria-born business person's extensive organised crime links.
Mr Madafferi is challenging that order in the Supreme Court, and the hearing is listed for August 14. Detective Brigham's affidavit in that case stated that: "[Mr Madafferi poses] … a risk to the integrity of both racing and casino venues in Victoria."
The Howard government gave Mr Madafferi's brother, drug trafficker Francesco Madafferi, a visa in 2006 after Tony Madafferi and Frank Lamattina lobbied and donated to several Liberal MPs.
The visa case was the subject of a national scandal, and sparked a federal police investigation into whether any politicians had been improperly swayed. By 2016, most senior Liberal MPs had cut contact with Tony Madafferi and some of their relatives who had been involved in the lobbying campaign.
The federal police closed their donations-for-visa probe after finding insufficient evidence that any criminal offence had been committed. But police warned in a confidential report obtained under freedom of information that Australia's donations system was exposed to corruption.
In 2015, then-senior Liberal minister Bruce Billson claimed they had been "deceived" into assisting with the visa request. They described the lobbying campaign — which involved claims that Francesco was too mentally unwell to be deported — as a "contrived veneer covering a far darker and disturbing situation".
"As soon as I became aware of further information [and] criminal allegations … I ceased contact with all parties involved and stridently expressed my bitter disappointment to the individual family member who had first raised this matter with me."
I went to the Values Voter Summit myself for the first time this year, and let me tell you: it did not disappoint in the batshittery department.
The Values Voter Summit is also heavily attended by members of the media and progressive activists, both because it's important to keep tabs on one's political and ideological opponents and because the event is a veritable gold mine of insanity.
Last weekend the Family Research Council, an SPLC-certified anti-gay hate group , held its annual "Values Voter Summit" here in Washington, D.C. The VVS is the nation's largest gathering of conservative activists from the religious right; over 2,200 people (mostly white middle-aged and older evangelicals) registered for the conference this year. Nowhere is the religious right's alliance with the Republican Party more readily visible: literally dozens of that movement's biggest stars turn out, along with senators, representatives, and future GOP presidential hopefuls seeking to burnish their social conservative credentials.
When I entered the Omni Shoreham hotel in northwest D.C., I was greeted by a slightly effeminate high-school boy wearing a FRC T-shirt and holding a Values Voter Summit sign. I winced inside when, in a high, lilting voice, they directed me to the registration table -- not out of scorn or derision, but at the thought that they just might be a terrified, deeply-closeted religious gay kid, much like I once was.
I pondered that thought as I went through registration (exchanging in friendly banter with two ladies from Michigan who were just so excited to be there for the first time) and then security, which has been stepped up ever since last year's shooting at FRC headquarters.
Finally I arrived in the ballroom, where for the next two days I watched with both amusement and horror at the cavalcade of crazy that unfolded in front of me.
The civil war currently roiling inside the Republican Party between its rabidly extreme Tea Party wing and shrinking crowd of marginally-less-crazy political pragmatists was in full view, with open partisan bickering and speakers taking potshots at other, less conservative Republicans. It was clear right from the beginning whose side these so-called "values voters" were on: the first person to speak after FRC president Tony Perkins delivered their opening remarks was Utah Republican Senator Mike Lee, one of the primary architects of the Republican shutdown of the federal government.
And then came the shutdown's chief proponent and public face: Texas Senator Ted Cruz.
Ted Cruz: the Religious Right's New Golden Boy
Cruz was introduced by Fox News pundit, conservative activist, and Catholic League board member Brent Bozell, who whipped the crowd into a frenzy by repeatedly slamming Sen. John McCain (an outspoken critic of Cruz and their shutdown strategy) as intellectually dishonest, a "whiner," and a "faux conservative." "Will you stand with Ted Cruz?" Bozell asked. The crowd roared its approval.
And then the Senator took the stage. The crowd leaped to its feet, cheering and whooping with delight; costumed Tea Partiers in the front row waved their fancy hats in the air. Before Cruz could even begin their remarks, an adoring female fan in the audience shouted to him: "If God is for you, who can be against you?" "I receive that blessing," Cruz responded. It felt like an old-fashioned religious revival.
Cruz fed the crowd the red meat they wanted, rattling off talking points peppered with Biblical references, and nearly every sentence they uttered met with shouts of affirmation. When pro-immigration reform activists from the group United We Dream interrupted him, Cruz didn't miss a beat, suggesting that President Obama had sent "paid political operatives" to derail their speech. At least half a dozen other hecklers interrupted Cruz, but the crowd drowned them out with shouts of "shut up!" and chants of "USA! USA!"
By the time Cruz's speech was finished, it was clear that the religious right had found its new golden boy. If they survive this shutdown fiasco, expect them to be the Michele Bachmann/Rick Santorum crowd's choice for president in 2016.
Bachmann and Beck: the Height of Delusion
Perhaps no two speakers personify the delusional world in which the GOP's insurgent right flank operates than Michele Bachmann and Glenn Beck. Both spoke at the Values Voter Summit, and both spewed out all kinds of crazy.
Only in the conservative alternate universe could Michele Bachmann -- one of the Tea Party Republicans who happily shut down the government -- stand up in front of a room full of people and with a straight face, claim credit for reopening national monuments like the Lincoln Memorial and the World War II Memorial... which they voted to close.
Yet that's just what Bachmann did for the first eight minutes of their nineteen-minute speech. To hear Michele tell it, the evil tyrannical president Barack Obama maliciously kept World War II veterans from visiting the memorial they paid for with their blood, sweat, and tears. But then they and fellow shutdown proponents Steve King and Louie Gohmert heroically swept in, charged through the barricades, and liberated the site for their fellow American heroes.
They similarly boasted, in military terms, about ripping down the police tape in front of the shut-down Lincoln Memorial: "600 Americans took the Lincoln Memorial on Saturday," they shouted. "We took that hill!" Bachmann held up some police tape she'd saved, and the audience sprang to its feet and roared.
The rest of their speech was mostly devoted to attacking health care reform, which they called "Deathcare." They said they were "weeping" the night the Affordable Care Act passed the House, and they wondered if in a future shutdown, our horrible socialist president would stop C-sections and kidney transplants in progress or "place padlocks on a private clinic" like the ones they and their husband Marcus owned. (As you can imagine, I got quite the kick out of that reference.) And they even managed to tie in the Benghazi non-scandal.
Did Bachmann's allegations have any factual basis whatsoever? Nope, but as usual, that didn't stop them
Glenn Beck spoke on Saturday, and although Bachmann set the crazy bar high the day before, Beck managed to clear it with room to spare. Their speech was nuttier than a fruitcake, full of wild-eyed, Brave New World-style allegations. These included a claim that the Common Core state educational standards would eventually be used to scan people's eyes and figure out what corporation they should work for, as well as an assertion that President Obama somehow controls the movies, television, and universities. Come to think of it, Beck didn't like universities at all: in Beckworld, Ivy League educational institutions teach "Marxist principles." Besides, who needs a diploma when you have the Internet?
They also completely mangled and totally rewrote history. For example, did you know that the founders of the United States helped bring electricity to France? I didn't either. But it's true, Glenn Beck said, before admitting to the crowd, "I have nothing to back that up... but I betcha I'm right." (If that isn't the perfect summation of this man's entire career, nothing is.) In other news, America is exceptional because before the advent of our great nation, "the whole world was reading everything by candlelight and wiping themselves with leaves." And the story of Topsy, a turn-of-the-century circus elephant on Coney Island, is one of the "most important stories in American history." Seriously.
Gay Holocaust Victims: A Laughing Matter?
Perhaps the most revealing moment of Beck's 50-minute rant -- and for this listener, certainly the most disgusting -- came when they whipped out a binder full of concentration camp badges from their extensive collection of Nazi memorabilia. (Yes, Glenn Beck has an extensive collection of Nazi memorabilia. Let that sink in for a minute.) Beck flipped through page after page of these gruesome artifacts, explaining which group wore which symbol.
They then asked the crowd if anyone knew what group wore purple triangles. (The correct answer is Jehovah's Witnesses.) One member of the audience guessed gays, to which Beck replied that no, gays' concentration camp badges were pink. And how did the crowd of so-called "values voters" respond? With laughter.
Ummmm, amen?
Incidentally, VVS attendees also heard neurosurgeon, anti-LGBT activist, and African American Dr. Ben Carson claim that Obamacare is "the worst thing to happen to this nation since slavery," and Joel Rosenberg, a messianic Jew, equating abortion with the Nazi Holocaust.
The world this Tea Party, religious-right, mostly white, middle-aged and elderly conservatives thought they knew is evolving all around them and rapidly morphing into something they no longer recognize -- and it scares the hell out of them. But instead of challenging their preconceptions and growing along with the rest of America, they've chosen to dig in their heels, wrap themselves in the Gadsden flag, climb up onto crosses of their own making, and fight desperately to cling to their prejudices for as long as possible.
And yes, that includes anti-LGBT bigotry. Stay tuned for my second and final report, where I'll go into detail about homophobia and transphobia at the Values Voter Summit.
UPDATE: Right Wing Watch has the video of Glenn Beck's remarks and the crowd laughing at gay Holocaust victims. I'm embedding it below; head over to their site to read their full report.
UPDATE 2: Here's the second report.
Contributions — First Analysis!
Fast out of the gate & wide base of contributors
Team Nimiq Blocked Unblock Follow Jun 29, 2017
First off, we are humbled by and very thankful for the strong show of support— THANK YOU!
We exceeded the Activation Threshold within less than a minute (the first valid block) and surpassed 50% of the Contribution Cap within a few hours.
We are particularly excited to report that at ~2/3rds (40'000ETH) of the Contribution Cap we have a base of well over 2'000 contributions sized below 10ETH. This shows broad support from a wide range of participants, defying the status quo of comparable events that are hyped to perform.
Distribution of Contributions
Contributions continue to come in steadily. As a team focused on engineering we are ready to hit the ground running. We can't wait to put this fuel into action. In fact we are already preparing a next piece for release over the next couple of weeks and wasting no time in pursuing expansion of our team.
Pura vida
Team Nimiq
LLVM Weekly - #98, Nov 16th 2015
Welcome to the ninety-eighth issue of LLVM Weekly, a weekly newsletter (published every Monday) covering developments in LLVM, Clang, and related projects. LLVM Weekly is brought to you by Alex Bradbury. Subscribe to future issues at http://llvmweekly.org and pass it on to anyone else you think may be interested. Please send any tips or feedback to asb@asbradbury.org, or @llvmweekly or @asbradbury on Twitter.
This week's issue comes to you from Vienna where I'm just about to head home from a short break (so apologies if it's a little later than usual and perhaps a little less detailed). I'll admit that nobody has actually written in to beg that LLVM Weekly share travel tips, but I will say that Vienna is a beautiful city that's provided lots to do over the past few days. If you're visiting, I can strongly recommend Salm Bräu for good beer and food.
News and articles from around the web
All of the LLVM Dev Meeting Videos are now up, and will stay up. This includes Chris Lattner and Joseph Groff's talk on Swift's IR. You can also find most of the slides here. The folks at Quarkslab have also posted a trip report.
The big news this week is that code derived from NVIDIA's PGI Fortran compiler is to be open-sourced and a production-grade Fortran front-end to LLVM produced. This project is a collaboration between the US NNSA (National Nuclear Security Administration), NVIDIA, and the Lawrence Livermore, Sandia, and Los Alamos national laboratories. Hal Finkel has shared a little more on the LLVM mailing list. With a source code release not due for about another year, where does this leave the existing Flang efforts? The hope is that parts of Flang will be merged with the PGI release. Douglas Miles from the PGI team has also shared a mini-FAQ. Fortran announcement
Bjarne Stroustrup has shared a detailed trip report from the last C++ Standards Meeting.
This post over at the Include Security Blog delves in to some details of support for the SafeStack buffer overflow protection in LLVM.
At the official LLVM blog, a new post gives a very useful guide on how to reduce your testcases using bugpoint and custom scripts. As the post notes, bugpoint is a very powerful tool but can be difficult to use.
On the mailing lists
LLVM commits
LLVM's autoconf-based build system is now officially deprecated, with the CMake build system being preferred. r252520.
Do you want to compile CUDA code with Clang and LLVM? There's now some handy documentation describing how to do so. See also Jingyue's talk from the recent LLVM Dev Meeting. r252660.
A simple MachineInstruction SSA pass for PowerPC has been added. The implementation is short and straight-forward, so worth a read if you want to do some MI-level peephole optimisations for your target. r252651.
Basic support for AArch64's address tagging has been added. In AArch64, the top 8 bits of an address can be used to store extra metadata with these bits being masked out before going through address translation. r252573.
The Hexagon backend now supports assembly parsing. r252443.
The CMake build system gained a new LLVMExternalProjectUtils module. As an example, this is used with the LLVM test suite which can be set up to be rebuilt whenever the in-tree clang or lld change. This could also be used with compiler-rt or libcxx. r252747.
An 'empty token' is now defined (written as token empty ) for when using tokens in LLVM IR. r252811.
LibFuzzer gained a new experimental search heuristic, drill. As the comment in FuzzerLoop.cpp explains, this will 1) read+shuffle+execute+minimize the corpus, 2) choose a random unit, 3) reset the coverage, 4) start fuzzing as if the chosen unit was the only element of the corpus, 5) reset the coverage again when done, 6) merge the newly created corpus into the original one. r252838.
A BITREVERSE SelectionDAG node and a set of llvm.bitreverse.* intrinsics have been introduced. The intention is that backends should no longer have to reimplement similar code to match instruction patterns to their own ISA's bitreverse instruction. See also the patch to the ARM backend that replaces ARMISD::RBIT with ISD::BITREVERSE. r252878, r253047.
Clang commits
Support for __attribute__(internal_linkage) was added. This is much like C's static keyword, but applies to C++ class methods. r252648.
Clang now supports GCC's __auto_type extension, with a few minor enhancements. r252690.
Other project commits
Adhiraj Thakur, a student of the Navy Children School in Colaba, has collected Rs 80,000 so far and secured funding pledges from friends and relatives who have agreed to pay school and private tuition fees.The 16-year-old said they were well aware of the uncertainty that army families lived in and they wanted to help the martyred jawans' kin in whatever capacity they can.Nineteen soldiers, including four from Maharashtra, were killed when Pakistani militants attacked an army camp near Uri in Jammu and Kashmir on September 18.“I was very disturbed when I learned about the incident. I have spent many sleepless nights worrying about my father and I can imagine what the soldiers' families went through when they first heard about the attack,“ said Adhiraj, whose father Ashish Thakur is a colonel and a Shaurya Chakra awardee. Adhiraj started a WhatsApp group to raise funds for the soldiers' children.Some of the children are too young to attend school right now, so they have persuaded people to commit to sponsor their education whenever they enrol.Some donors have agreed to pay for college fees, while some others have offered to fund education till Std XII. “I was really surprised as many people expressed their wish to contribute,“ Adhiraj said.The children of Chandrakant Galande from Satara and Vikas Kulmete from Yavatmal , who were killed in the Uri attack, will benefit from their efforts.The two kids are currently only 10 months old.“It is difficult to come to terms with everything but we are proud of them and their service,“ said Galande's wife, Nisha.Another soldier's young son is a Std XII science student in Jammu. The Colaba teen is raising funds for their private tuition, and plans to travel to Jammu to give the cheques to the families there.“The families will receive compensation from the government, but my efforts are aimed at conveying the message that the nation cares about their contribution and sacrifice,“ Adhiraj said.Adhiraj has stayed in different parts of the country because of their father's postings. They have changed 14 schools because of the travelling. “This is the life of an army family,“ they said.
In July 1937, U.S. Naval Aviation played a major role in the wide-ranging but ultimately fruitless search for famed aviatrix Amelia Earhart and their navigator, Fred Noonan.
Amelia Earhart was one of the stars that sparkled in the Golden Age of Aviation and their disappearance in July 1937, has remained one of history's enduring mysteries. Now, as The International Group for Historic Aircraft Recovery (TIGHAR) mounts an expedition to the island of Nikumaroro in an attempt to find the wreckage of their aircraft, it is fitting to look back at the U.S. Navy's attempt to find them and their navigator Fred Noonan.
On July 2, 1937, having earlier in the day taken off from Lae, New Guinea, Earhart and Noonan's Lockheed Electra made final radio contact with the Coast Guard Cutter Itasca, which lay at anchor at their intended destination of Howland Island. When efforts on the part of personnel on board the cutter to contact the airplane proved fruitless, they got underway, commencing one of the greatest air-sea searches in history, which quickly involved the U.S. Navy. While Itasca set out to search by sea, Lieutenant Warren W. Harvey and their crew manned a PBY Catalina and took off from Hawaii bound for Howland Island, adverse weather conditions forcing them to abort their search efforts and return to Pearl Harbor. By that time, the Navy had ordered the battleship Colorado (BB 45), already in Hawaii for an indoctrination cruise for ROTC midshipmen, to provision and depart for the vicinity of Howland Island, which was located over 1,600 miles from Honolulu. It joined the small seaplane tender Swan (AVP 7), which had been dispatched to Howland Island to support seaplanes that could be called into action to search.
Colorado carried three O3U Corsair observation floatplanes, which on July 7th began conducting aerial searches for the downed fliers. At the controls were three naval aviators, Lieutenants L.C. Fox, W.B. Short, Jr., and J.O. Lambrecht, the latter the senior aviator on board the battleship. Their report of the searches noted that they were carried out at an altitude of 1,000 ft. with visibility and sea state such that they considered it possible to see a raft from a distance of five miles. Colorado‘s aircraft ended their search efforts on July 12th, having flown 21.2 hours and 1908 miles each. All told, Colorado with their planes covered within the radius of visibility an area of 25,490 square miles.
In the meantime, the Navy had ordered the aircraft carrier Lexington (CV 2), which in 1928 had set a speed record between the West Coast and Hawaii, to make a high speed run to the search area. Carrying sixty-three aircraft, the carrier offered the prospects of greatly expanding the search area, one newspaper proclaiming in a headline “Lexington Holds Fate.” The Oakland Tribune reported, “Naval authorities say that the chance of finding the two fliers will depend upon the systematic search to be made by the armada of planes from the Lexington to be developed over a rectangle of sea approximately 600 miles by 400 miles.”
Lexington assumed control of the search for Earhart and Noonan on July 12th, shifting focus to the waters north and west of Howland Island. As the carrier's planes searched, hopes began to diminish, a July 15th newspaper headline telling readers, “Chances of Finding Pair Placed at One in a Million.” Three days later, with carrier aircraft having covered thousands of square miles, search efforts were suspended. Wrote a sailor on board Colorado, “I don't think they will ever be found for we searched the most likely area.” For the past seventy-five years, their assessment has remained true.
<< All Articles
Can you imagine Jeopardy without Alex Trebek, or their deadpan smarm? Their charm will likely outlast the show, and us all. Despite their genteel ways, they were particularly savage on a recent episode. During the traditional introduction segment, contestant Susan Cole animatedly talked about their passion for nerdcore hip-hop. The subgenre has been around since the late '90s, so it's not a new thing.
Trebek, however, isn't here for any of that shit. They had the following exchange:
Cole: I think it's very fun. It's called nerdcore hip-hop. It's people who identify as nerdy rapping about the things they love: video games, science fiction, having a hard time meeting romantic partners. It's really catchy and fun.” Trebek: Losers in other words.
Cole walked away with $22,600, according to Entertainment Weekly, so you might say the joke is on Trebek. (You would be wrong, because people who've stopped giving a fuck are never the butt of the joke.) But watch the savagery below.
Image copyright PA/EPA
Theresa May will visit Turkey on Saturday for talks with President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, Downing Street has said.
The prime minister is expected to discuss trade, defence and security.
Mrs May is likely to fly to Ankara from the US, where they are meeting President Trump on Friday, Number 10 said.
It will be Mrs May's first visit to Turkey as PM and comes in the wake of Mr Erdoğan's clampdown on opponents after the failed coup in July 2016.
'Indispensable partner'
Asked whether Mrs May will raise concerns over the clampdown during their talks with Mr Erdoğan and Prime Minister Binali Yildirim, a Number 10 spokesperson said: "We have been clear in our support for Turkey's democracy and institutions since the coup last summer.
"The PM will take this opportunity to reiterate our support for that, but we've also been clear that Turkey's response to that must be proportionate and of course we will continue to raise those issues.
"The visit will reflect the fact that Turkey is an indispensable partner and a close ally for the UK on many issues of global importance, including trade, security and defence."
It also comes after 39 people were killed in an attack on a New Year's Eve party in a nightclub in Istanbul.
So-called Islamic State it was behind the attack and the militant group was linked to at least two other attacks in Turkey last year.
Carol Santa Fe, 45, from San Diego, California, says they have been in love with Santa Fe train station since they were nine years old. (Picture: Caters)
A woman has ‘married' a train station after claiming they have spent the past 36 years in love with one another.
Carol Santa Fe, 45, from San Diego, California, says they have been in love with Santa Fe train station since they were nine years old.
The volunteer support worker takes a 45 minute bus ride to the station every day to spend time with the building.
Although their marriage is not legally binding, they ‘tied the knot' with the building in 2015 and celebrated their one year anniversary last Christmas.
The 45-year-old says they has ‘sex' with the building mentally and identifies themselves as an objectum sexual – a person who is sexually attracted to inanimate objects and structures.
Carol didn't discover this until they were 40 after they searched online ‘I am in love with a building.'
Advertisement
Advertisement
It is a worldwide debate whether the phenomenon is a sexuality, fetish or mental condition.
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video
The volunteer support worker takes a 45 minute bus ride to the station every day to spend time with the building. (Picture: Caters
Carol said: ‘I am married to the Santa Fe train station – their name is Daidra. We didn't start a relationship until 2011 but I had been in love with the station since I was a young girl.
‘When we got married, I stood there and I told them that I take it as my partner. It was the happiest day of our lives.
‘I take a 45 minute bus ride every night to see the station. When I get there I say hello to them – I then walk around the block circling around her, trying not to let anyone notice I am talking.
‘There is a private bit where two walls meet, I go there to touch her, which I do by leaning against them with my clothes on. When I'm touching her, I feel as though it actually holds me and kisses me.
Advertisement
Advertisement
‘I don't have physical sex with the station in public, I want to be respectful. I wouldn't do that with a human in public so why would I do it in this case. I do have sex with Daidra in my mind when I stand there.
‘I especially like when I hear the trains rev up their engines – it turns me on.'
‘I especially like when I hear the trains rev up their engines – it turns me on,' they say (Picture: Caters News)
Carol, who has lived in California since they were three, claims the train station is the love of their life despite being in a previous relationship with a man.
They added: ‘I loved a human once before, their name was Tom and we were together for 18 months.
‘But it didn't work out and I felt amazing when I got into a relationship with Diadra because they told that they would never leave me.
‘I love them so much, they are so romantic. We first consummated our love a few years ago when I felt the wall behind me, and I felt this energy.
‘I came close to an orgasm and I was scared I'd get caught by the station staff. I don't ever want the security guards to find out – I am a closeted objectum sexual.
‘But I only hide my sexual attraction to the station because I simply don't want people to find out and ban me from seeing them It's not at all because I am ashamed.
Advertisement
‘Erica Eiffel got banned from the Eiffel Tower for kissing it and straddling it – so I don't want to get banned like they did.
Erika Eiffel, an objectum sexual, famously married Paris's Eiffel Tower in 2007 (Picture: Alchetron/Erika Eiffel)
‘I don't like to publicly show anything between me and Daidra as I have more respect than that.'
Erica Eiffel, an objectum sexual, famously married Paris's Eiffel Tower in 2007.
Another well-known objectum sexual is Eklöf Berliner-Mauer, who married the Berlin wall in 1979 and was the first person to come forward with objectum sexuality.
Carol has been working as a volunteer for emotional support groups for years.
They said: ‘Objectum sexuality is not a mental illness like the media always makes out. It is our sexuality, just like being lesbian or bisexual – we are not crazy. People just don't understand.
‘I am so scared of getting caught, so I don't tell the station security that we are married. I was love to just walk around and look at my partner and enjoy the stations company.
‘Daidra and I chat about normal things, I always tell them how my day has been. I feel really lonely not having anyone to talk to about it.
‘Daidra has been the most stable partner I have ever had. I have had the time of my life being them wife.
‘I used to be scared of being in love with humans, but I'm not scared with Daidra.
‘I can never leave San Diego, because my lover is here. I could never love another train station – they are the one.'
In addition to Mr. Bannon, Mr. Trump is relying on the advice of Roger Ailes, the founder and recently ousted chairperson of Fox News, and Roger J. Stone Jr., whose 2015 book, “The Clintons' War on Women,” accused Mrs. Clinton of being a lesbian, shaming their husband's sexual accusers and playing a role in the death of Vincent W. Foster Jr., the deputy White House counsel who committed suicide in 1993.
“This is beyond anything anyone even thought about in their worst nightmare,” Mickey Kantor, a longtime Clinton family friend who was the United States trade representative and secretary of commerce under President Bill Clinton, said of the new conservative coterie around Mr. Trump.
David Brock, an ardent defender of Mrs. Clinton, said, “The conspirators of the '90s were a ragtag bunch operating in secrecy and as a fringe subset of the conservative movement.”
Mr. Brock, a charter member of that “ragtag bunch” before having a political conversion, added, “Today's equivalent is more a conglomerate than a conspiracy.”
Indeed, Mr. Bannon's website — which had over 18.3 million unique visitors in July, according to data from comScore — has featured stories about the “radical-feminist code” in Mrs. Clinton's language; suggested that Khizr Khan, who criticized Mr. Trump at the Democratic National Convention and whose son, an Army captain, was killed in Iraq, should blame Mrs. Clinton for their son's death; and said Mrs. Clinton's team was straining to highlight “whatever scraps of humanity can be found in their soulless, ambition-laden heart.”
And as Mr. Trump has raised questions about Mrs. Clinton's health, saying they “lacks the mental and physical stamina” to fight terrorism, Breitbart has amplified those claims. “Bizarre behavior, seizure allegations raise doubts about Hillary Clinton's health,” read one headline last week. “Clinton crash,” began another, with a video of them briefly stumbling while on stage with Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr.
On Sunday, Rudolph W. Giuliani, a former mayor of New York and a prominent and vocal Trump supporter, joined in, saying on Fox News that voters should “go online and put down ‘Hillary Clinton illness,' take a look at the videos for yourself.”
Cave Evolution Neo 08/27/15 (Thu) 21:02:24 2ee5ee No.347[Reply]
The Caves, it's abundant in underground ponds, only if you can find them. The caves are frigid, despite this, they have boiling sulfuric pools as well.
The Sik are insects that use it's two legs to hop around, and uses it's tail to push off the ground.
They have a head ornament that has no blood vessels going to it. They use it to confuse the Zih into biting it, as to give the Sik a better chance at survival.
These creatures a much more resistant than the Zih, as they feed off the Ubt, using their dual-pronged lower leg to scoop up any that float to the edges.
The Zih the only creature with bioluminescence in this dark abyss. It is amphibious, and moves from pool to pool. They don't have eyes, and therefore, some get lost in the migration from pool to pool.
These creatures dominate the water pools, as they are the only creatures that are capable of swimming.
On land, these creatures are very slow, and move like an earthworm, making them easy to pick off.
They feed off the Sik, which can become a problem, as the Sik have eyes, and are much faster, meaning they also starve easily.
The leads the pools to be littered with dead Zih at the bottoms of them.
The Ubt are waterbound creatures who float on the surface of the sulfur pools, they absorb nutrients from the vents below those volatile pools.
They're amorphous body allows them to move around, but even then, their movement is slow, and inconstant.
The Brooklyn Dodgers were an American football team that played in the National Football League from 1930 to 1943, and in 1944 as the Brooklyn Tigers. The team played its home games at Ebbets Field of the baseball National League's team, the Brooklyn Dodgers. In 1945, because of financial difficulties and the increasing scarcity of major league-level players because of the war-time defense requirements at the height of World War II, the team was merged with the Boston Yanks and were known as the Yanks for that season.
This old NFL franchise was not related to the earlier (second incarnation) American Football League II with a franchise that played as the Brooklyn Tigers for the first half of the 1936 season before moving to Rochester, New York and playing as the Rochester Tigers. Another NFL team that played in the Brooklyn borough was the Brooklyn Lions (which became the Brooklyn Horsemen after merging with a team from an earlier first incarnation AFL of the same name) in 1926.
In 1946, co-owner and partner Dan Topping (1912–1974) pulled the Tigers team out of the old NFL and placed it in the newly established rival professional league – the All-America Football Conference, which shortly lasted until 1949 until several stronger teams from the AAFC merged with and entered a reorganized NFL in 1950. It lasted until 1970 with the NFL-AFL (third) merger following the establishment of the first "Super Bowl" inter-league national championship game three years before with the old NFL champions playing the victors of the latest rival fourth incarnation of the American Football League IV, formed in 1960 (now the American Football Conference (AFC).
History [ edit ]
Early years [ edit ]
The team began play in 1930 after two Brooklyn business people bought the Dayton Triangles for $2,500 and moved the NFL franchise to Ebbets Field. These two individuals were Bill Dwyer, a past owner of the New York Americans and Pittsburgh Pirates of the National Hockey League, and Jack Depler, a player-coach for the NFL's Orange Tornadoes. Dwyer and Depler then renamed the Triangles the Brooklyn Dodgers, borrowing the name of Brooklyn's then major league baseball team.
The 1930 Dodgers, built largely from the roster of the 1929 Tornadoes, finished fourth in the NFL with a 7–4–1 record. The high point of their season consisted of a 7–6 upset over the New York Giants at the end of November. The Dodgers star back was Jack McBride, a former Giant. They led the league in scoring with a total of 56 points in 1930. However, the 1931 season saw the Dodgers post a 2–12 record. Once the season ended, Benny Friedman was brought in as the team's new player-coach.
The 1932 season started off promising with wins over the Staten Island Stapletons and the new Boston Braves (later renamed the Redskins). However, the team soon hit a five-game losing streak. The streak ended with a 3–0 win over the Chicago Cardinals, however that win was followed by four more losses. The Dodgers ended their season 3–9.
Post-Dwyer era [ edit ]
At the end of the 1932 season, Bill Dwyer had enough of professional football. Their three years with the Dodgers had cost them an estimated $30,000. The Dodgers were then purchased by two former New York Giants players, Chris Cagle and John Simms Kelly for $25,000. Cap McEwen, a successful college football coach, was then brought in to replace Friedman, who would continue to play tailback for the Dodgers through half of the upcoming season. The 1933 season also saw the NFL split into two divisions. The Dodgers were placed in the Eastern Division. Dodgers had a chance for first place, by posting a 5–2–1 record, however a 10–0 loss to the Giants in front of 28,000 Brooklyn fans at Ebbets Field ended that chance in November.
The following season Dan Topping bought Chris Cagle's half of the team. Topping would later become an owner and president of baseball's New York Yankees. Meanwhile, Cagle continued to play in the Brooklyn backfield. However, the only positive story to come out of the season for Brooklyn was the signing of Ralph Kercheval. Kercheval would go on to become one of the great NFL kickers. They returned to play for Brooklyn for the next seven seasons. They also scored every point for the Dodgers in their last six games as they finished with a 4–7 record.
In 1935 Paul Schissler. the former coach of the Chicago Cardinals, took over as the Dodgers coach. However, the team's stars Cagle, Friedman, and Kelly all retired. As a result, the Dodgers line-up consisted of 15 rookies. The 1935 season did show the team posting a 5–6–1 record and second place in the Easter Division. Over the next four seasons, the Dodgers placed either in the fourth or third place in the Eastern standings. Several of the star players to wear a Dodgers uniform during this time included Harold "Bunker" Hill, Bob Wilson, and Bill Lee. The roster also included future Hall of Famers, Red Badgro and Ace Parker. Both men had played professional baseball in the majors. Badgro played for the St. Louis Browns before playing in the NFL for the Giants and Yankees. Meanwhile, Parker played under Connie Mack, while as a member of the Philadelphia Athletics.  They are best known for hitting a home run their first time at bat as a pinch hitter, becoming the first player in American League history to do so. Another future Hall of Famer joined the team in 1938, Frank Kinard. Kinard would play for Brooklyn for the rest of the franchise's history.
The Dodgers made NFL history on October 22, 1939. That day, at Ebbets Field, the Dodgers played the Philadelphia Eagles in the first NFL game shown on television. The Dodgers won the game 23–14.
Jock Sutherland era [ edit ]
Dr. John B. "Jock" Sutherland, coach of the Dodgers from 1940.
In 1940, the Dodgers chose Jock Sutherland as their team's next coach. Sutherland brought to Brooklyn the Single-wing formation, which they had used at Lafayette College and Pitt. Under Sutherland, Brooklyn finished in second place in the Eastern standings behind the Redskins. Meanwhile, Parker was awarded the Joseph Carr Trophy as the leagues Official Most Valuable Player. During this time, Dodger staples Mike Gussie All American from West Virginia University, Dick Cassiano and Ben Kish, who played for Sutherland at Pitt; George Cafego and Banks McFadden were signed by the team.
In 1941, the team again landed in second place of the Eastern Division, behind only the Giants. Dodger Clarence "Pug" Manders won the NFL rushing title that season with 486 yards. Their title still represents the smallest number of yards carried to ever win this title. Warren Alfson and Merlyn Condit joined the team that season. Sutherland's 1940 and 1941 campaigns would be the most successful during the franchise's history.
Decline [ edit ]
Beginning in 1942, the team went into a steep decline, as World War II caused a shortage of players and fans. Coach Sutherland, along with Ace Parker and several other players left the team to join the military. Mike Getto took over the coaching duties; however with the core of the team gone, the Dodgers sunk to a 3–8–0 record. A year later the team ended up only winning two games.
In 1944, the team was renamed the Tigers but suffered a 0–10 regular season record. In a desperate attempt for survival, the team merged with the Boston Yanks for the 1945 season. The merged team played four home games in Boston and one in New York, but fans from neither city cared as they finished with a 3–6–1 record. The merger occurred on April 10, 1945[1] after the 1945 NFL Draft.
Topping, the Dodgers and the AAFC [ edit ]
In December 1945, Topping announced their intentions to accept the All-America Football Conference's New York franchise. In response, the NFL cancelled their NFL team franchise and all of its players were assigned to Boston. Meanwhile, the AAFC planted another team in Brooklyn called the Dodgers. The two teams would later merge in 1949. Topping's Yankees employed several former Dodgers players in 1946 and 1947 such as Parker, Kinard and Manders. The Yankees would lose the AAFC Championship in 1946 and 1947 to the Cleveland Browns.
Indirect ties to the Indianapolis Colts [ edit ]
The sequence of events begun by the demise of the Brooklyn Dodgers NFL team eventually resulted in the creation of what is now the Indianapolis Colts.
The Boston Yanks moved to New York as the Bulldogs in 1949. After the 1949 season the NFL added three teams from the AAFC. The AAFC Yankees players were split between the Giants and Bulldogs. The Bulldogs renamed themselves the New York Yanks in the same season.
After the 1951 season, Yanks owner Ted Collins sold the franchise back to the league. The NFL then sold it to a new owner, Giles Miller, who moved the team to Dallas and renamed it the Dallas Texans. Miller returned their franchise to the league in the middle of the 1952 season, and the NFL operated it as a traveling team before folding it at the end of the season. In 1953, the NFL granted an expansion franchise to a Baltimore-based group and awarded it the remains of the Texans organization. The team, named the Colts, relocated to Indianapolis in 1984. However, the NFL currently does not consider the Colts to be a continuation of the franchise once known as the Brooklyn Dodgers.
First-round draft selections [ edit ]
Multi-time Pro Bowlers [ edit ]
The Dodgers are the only defunct franchise to send a player to the Pro Bowl/All-Star Game multiple times apart from the New York Yanks' Brad Ecklund.[2]
Brooklyn Tigers logo
Year W L T Finish Coach Brooklyn Dodgers 1930 7 4 1 4th Jack Depler 1931 2 12 0 9th Jack Depler 1932 3 9 0 6th Benny Friedman 1933 5 4 1 2nd East Cap McEwen 1934 4 7 0 3rd East Cap McEwen 1935 5 6 1 2nd East Paul J. Schissler 1936 3 8 1 4th East Paul J. Schissler 1937 3 7 1 4th East Potsy Clark 1938 4 4 3 3rd East Potsy Clark 1939 4 6 1 3rd East Potsy Clark 1940 8 3 0 2nd East Jock Sutherland 1941 7 4 0 2nd East Jock Sutherland 1942 3 8 0 4th East Mike Getto 1943 2 8 0 4th East Pete Cawthon Brooklyn Tigers 1944 0 10 0 5th East Pete Cawthon, Ed Kubale, Frank Bridges Total 1930–1944 60 100 9
The Taliban have released a video showing the moment they handed Bowe Bergdahl over to American special forces in Afghanistan.
About a dozen armed men, their faces covered in scarves, wave white flags as they guard a Toyota 4x4 containing the captured soldier.
“Don' come back to afghanistan,” [sic] reads a caption on the video produced by the Taliban's media arm.
Sgt Bergdahl, 28, looking relaxed with a blanket draped over their shoulders, is brought out as a Black Hawk helicopter lands in the clearing. Fixed-wing surveillance aircraft fly overhead.
Special forces soldiers stay at the aircraft as three men, not wearing uniforms, come forward to receive the prisoner, hugging Sgt Bergdahl, who had been held for almost five years.
It is all over in 10 carefully choreographed seconds.
The exchange is carried out under the watch of militants, armed with rocket propelled grenades, stationed in the hills.
Sgt Bergdahl's release has prompted controversy in the US, where their former comrades accuse them of deserting and putting American lives at risk as troops searched for the missing soldier.
Republican critics have also questioned the deal that saw five senior Taliban commander released in return.
The US military has said the circumstances under which Sgt Bergdahl disappeared have yet to be fully investigated, though Pentagon officials have indicated they are unlikely to face charges regardless of what the Army learns of their capture because they have suffered enough.
(CNN) The search for a missing cruise ship passenger in the Gulf of Mexico has been suspended, the Coast Guard said in a statement.
Samantha Broberg's travel companions reported the 33-year-old missing from the Carnival Liberty cruise ship on Friday, the cruise line said. The Carnival Liberty left Galveston, Texas, on Thursday on a four-day cruise of Mexico.
Samantha Broberg
Surveillance video indicates they fell overboard from the 10th deck early Friday morning. The footage suggests they were sitting on a deck railing and fell backwards into the water, Carnival said.
Planes spent 20 hours searching for Broberg in an area of more than 4,300 square miles before suspending search efforts on Sunday night.
Coast Guard Petty Officer Andy Kendrick told CNN Saturday that the search area's distance from shore was complicating search efforts.
A professor at the University of Iowa thinks that the school mascot, Herky the Hawk, has an 'angry' facial expression and is calling for the department of athletics to change it.
Resmiye Oral, a clinical professor of pediatrics at UI, sent an email to athletic department officials about the mascot on Tuesday morning.
'I believe incoming students should be met with welcoming, nurturing, calm, accepting and happy messages,' Oral, wrote in the email, the Press-Citizen reported.
'And our campus community is doing a great job in that regard when it comes to words.
'However, Herky's angry, to say the least, faces conveying an invitation to aggressivity and even violence are not compatible with the verbal messages that we try to convey to and instill in our students and campus community.'
Angry?: A professor at the University of Iowa thinks that the school mascot, Herky the Hawk (above), has an 'angry' facial expression and is calling for the Department of Athletics to change it
Resmiye Oral, a clinical professor of pediatrics at UI, believes that 'Herky's angry faces (convey) an invitation to aggressivity (sic) and even violence'
Oral told the newspaper that they have been worried about this for 'some time with the lack of emotional variety displayed in the images of the university's long-standing mascot — specifically the Fighting Herky, the 'Old School' Flying Herky and the Tigerhawk logo developed by retired Hawkeye coach Hayden Fry.'
They want to bring diversity to how Herky feels and doesn't want to eliminate the 'ambitious, competitive, go-getter Herky.'
Oral also included a message to other members of the school's faculty Senate. They currently serve as a representative from the UI Carver College of Medicine.
Them message to the faculty senate is in response to fliers that were posted on campus to welcome new students, but featured images of Herky.
Resmiye Oral (above), is a clinical professor of pediatrics at UI. They want the school to change the mascot's facial expression
'I would like to bring to the Faculty Senate's attention that the attached Herky images are totally against the nonviolent, all accepting, nondiscriminatory messages we are trying to convey through campus,' Oral wrote in the email to their fellow senate members, the newspaper reported.
They added that they think the images of Herky 'definitely have a place within the highly competitive nature of college athletics,' however, they feel that they different areas of the university should have some other images showing different facial expressions of nonaggression.
'As we strive to tackle depression, suicide, violence, and behavioral challenges and help our students succeed, I plead with you to allow Herky to be like one of us, sometimes sad, sometimes happy, sometimes angry, sometimes concentrated,' Oral wrote.
In response to Oral, Thomas Vaughn, an associate professor of public health and president of the UI Faculty Senate said: 'At this time, the committee is not focused specifically on how Herky is depicted.'
Officials with the athletic department say they are looking into some of the concerns they raised, but note that their request is complicated.
'UI athletic department officials are aware of this request and are in the process of formulating a response in regard to the Herky images,' Steve Roe, the department's director of communications, said via email Tuesday to the Press-Citizen.
Dale Arens, director of UI's trademark licensing program, explained that if the university needs to keep that brand and logo unchanged if it wants to maintain the value of the brand and logo.
'McDonald's doesn't change the angle on its golden arches just because it puts out a new product,' Arens said.
For more than 60 years, Herky has been used as a symbol at the university. In 1948, the cartoon image was created by Richard Spencer, who was a journalism instructor at UI.
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
An Irish Gaelic football star has spoken up about their opposition to gay couples marrying, but insists they are not homophobic.
The Republic of Ireland is set to vote on May 22 on a proposal to introduce civil same-sex marriage.
Ahead of the vote a number of celebrities have spoken up for the Yes campaign, with Bono and Sherlcok star Andrew Scott lending their voices – but the No campaign has had few prominent endorsements.
However, Gaelic footballer Ger Brennan, who plays for Dublin and St Vincents, has spoken up about their opposition to same-sex marriage.
They wrote in the Irish Independent: “I'm sick of the accusations being flung around that if you vote ‘No' you are homophobic.
“I know I'm not homophobic; my gay friends and family can attest to that.
“I am voting ‘No' because I don't want our Constitution to deny that it is a good thing for a child to have a mother and a father.”
The referendum does not include same-sex adoption in any way, and contains no language relating to gay parenting.
They continued: “The Universal Declaration on Human Rights proclaims that everybody is equal in dignity and it holds that marriage is a male-female union.
“I don't think the Declaration of Human Rights is homophobic. I'm voting ‘No'.”
While the Declaration – signed in 1948 – states:”Men and women of full age… have the right to marry”, it does not explicitly deny this right to any other couples, nor does it define marriage on those terms exclusively.
Brennan raised eyebrows in 2014 when they thanked the “girlfriends and boyfriends” of players on their team.
Father Mark wrote a wonderful article above "Silentium tibi laus" about silence in the Church that you can view above. Dom Mark Daniel Kirby is a Conventual Prior of Silverstream Priory in Stamullen, County Meath, Ireland. The ecclesial mandate of their Benedictine community is the adoration of the Most Holy Sacrament of the Altar in a spirit of reparation, and in intercession for the sanctification of priests.
Let's face it, we are all guilty of it. Idle chatter, before, after and sometimes during Mass, the irreverent "sign of peace" during the most Holy part of The Mass, the occasional Chaos involved while in the Church, clapping during Mass, and other abuses while our Lord is exposed or in the tabernacle. Is the Church not the Lords house? Would you knowingly treat this sacred place like a Mall or Auditorium knowing that Christ is right in front of us? So why do we? There is a great benefit to silence. With silence comes listening, with listening comes Christ, and with Christ comes holiness. ASH Wednesday is nearly here and during this lent, I invite YOU to remain mindful before, during, and after Mass of your silence and reverence while in Christ presence.
Darwin's fox or Darwin's zorro (Lycalopex fulvipes) is an endangered canine from the genus Lycalopex. It is also known as the zorro chilote or zorro de Darwin[2] in Spanish and lives on Nahuelbuta National Park (Araucanía Region), the Valdivian Coastal Range (Los Ríos Region) in mainland Chile and Chiloé Island.[3] This small, dark canine weighs 1.8 to 3.95 kg (4.0 to 8.7 lb), has a head-and-body length of 48 to 59 cm (19 to 23 in) and a tail that is 17.5 to 25.5 cm (7 to 10 in).[4]
Darwin's fox was first collected from San Pedro Island off the coast of Chile by the naturalist Charles Darwin in 1834. It was long held that Darwin's fox was a subspecies of the South American gray fox (L. griseus); however, the discovery of a small population of Darwin's fox on the mainland in Nahuelbuta National Park in 1990[5] and subsequent genetic analysis has clarified the fox's status as a unique species.[6] In 2012 and 2013 the presence of the Darwin's fox at Oncol Park, Alerce Costero National Park and the Valdivian Coastal Reserve was confirmed through camera trapping.[3]
Taxonomy and evolution [ edit ]
Pseudalopex is a South American genus of canine distantly related to wolves and is technically not a fox. When Charles Darwin collected a specimen from San Pedro Island in Chiloé Archipelago in December 1834 during the Beagle survey expedition, they observed that this "fox (of Chiloe, a rare animal) sat on the point & was so absorbed in watching [survey work], that they allowed me to walk behind them & actually kill them with my geological hammer".[7] In the 1839 publication of their Journal and Remarks, Darwin said "This fox, more curious or more scientific, but less wise, than the generality of their brethren, is now mounted in the museum of the Zoological Society." They said it was "an undescribed species",[8] indicating that it was distinct from the species (L. culpaeus and L. griseus) that occur on the mainland. Later, Darwin's fox was classified as a subspecies (Lycalopex griseus fulvipes) of the latter.
Darwin's fox does not interbreed with the other Lycalopex species, only lives in forests, and is smaller and darker-colored than the other species. In 1990 a small population of Darwin's fox was found on the mainland in the forested Nahuelbuta National Park, indicating that the fox was not endemic to the island. According to Yahnke et al., in their 1996 article published in the Journal of the Society for Conservation Biology, analysis of mitochondrial DNA of Darwin's fox and the gray fox showed two patterns, indicating Darwin's fox was a new species, closely related to the Sechuran fox. Also according to Yahnke (1995; et al.1996) the present restricted range is a relic of a much wider former range. Zoologists noted the distinctiveness in the ecological niche, appearance, and behavior of this species. Darwin's fox is differentiated from the gray fox in being darker; having shorter legs; a broader, shorter skull; smaller auditory bullae; a more robust dentition; and a different jaw shape and style of premolar occlusion.
In the late Pleistocene, Chiloé Island was connected to mainland Chile by a land bridge. The land bridge was severed about 15,000 years ago when the sea level rose following the last glaciation.[9] This created two isolated populations of Darwin's fox.
Diet [ edit ]
Darwin's fox has a vast diet. In dense forests, where it exists, the foxes hunt for mammals, reptiles, beetles, and invertebrates. Sometimes it selects fruits and berries. Birds and amphibians to a lesser degree are also consumed. It sometimes eats carrion, but it mostly eats live animals and fruit. This makes it mostly an omnivore, sometimes a scavenger.
Ecology [ edit ]
Darwin's fox is generally believed to be a forest obligate species found only in southern temperate rainforests.[2] They only occur in areas of primary forest on Chiloé and on the mainland. They are most active at twilight and before sunrise. In contrast to other Lycalopex species, Darwin's fox prefers open spaces. The population of Chiloé has about 200 individuals, and Nahuelbuta on the mainland contains about 50 individuals. The total population size is about 250 mature individuals with at least 90% of the population occurring in one subspopulation (Chiloé Island). Although the species is protected in Nahuelbuta National Park, substantial mortality sources exist when foxes move to lower, unprotected private areas in search of milder conditions during the winter.[10]
Conservation status [ edit ]
The species was previously cIassified as Critically Endangered by the IUCN, but in 2016 was downlisted to Endangered, as its area occurrences is apparently substantially larger than originally believed. Current estimates of the total population are still low, with an estimated minimum 227 individuals on the mainland and 412 on Chiloé Island. Fragmentation of forest adjacent to the national park and on the island is a concern for their conservation, and feral dogs may pose the greatest threat to their survival by spreading disease or directly attacking. Persecution by people who think that the foxes attack domestic fowls, though they pose little threat, is also a potential problem.[2]
Film is easier to make in strip than circle, and square film crops the beginning circular image. With digital it's a wafer in rows, cut in lines. Chips are square, wafers are round. Wafers are made by slicing crystal semiconductor starter into cylinders. Do to crystal growing, this results is round flat wafers. Of course you can put a fish eye lens on a cam and have a round image with a black area surrounding. Really the answer your looking for is the medium exposed is square, and the capturing device circle. Kinda like the kids toy where you put a triangle, square, circle in matching holes. The technology is there to have a "round" image(take imax for example), though costly. When you take this question and move it to a video level you have frames that mesh to form a a curved moving image. If your device was said a holographic imaging system, and your medium digital data, all you'd need is a spherical lens. Beyond that is 4d space, a tesseract device would come into play, to capture space time you'd need a box containing the 4d space your capturing. To capture it on the go, you'd need a true tesseract capturing device, spliting our space in 4 cubes, inside a cube, inside a cube. That's called a hypercube.
Steve L · 1 decade ago 1 Thumbs up 0 Thumbs down Report Abuse
The White House seems to be leaning toward the Islamic State, increasingly alarmed by what Lisa Monaco, President Obama's homeland security and counterterrorism adviser, recently called the group's “unique threat” to the United States.
The debate is evolving in real time, thus there have been no large shifts in money or personnel yet in one direction or the other. But it is the first time senior American officials have spoken so openly about the evolution.
How much the United States spends on counterterrorism is difficult to pinpoint because many of the main actors and agencies — American troops, C.I.A. analysts and F.B.I. agents, to name a few — carry out other functions, as well. But senior American officials say that counterterrorism programs employ roughly one in four of the more than 100,000 people who work at the C.I.A. and other intelligence agencies, and account for about one-third of the $50 billion annual intelligence budget.
About 3,400 American troops in Iraq are helping the Iraqis fight the Islamic State, while about 9,800 forces in Afghanistan are assisting that country's security personnel in combating the Taliban, Al Qaeda and other extremists there.
The issue is likely to gain prominence in the 2016 presidential campaign, as Republican candidates criticize the Obama administration for failing to anticipate the rise of the Islamic State from the ashes of the Iraq war. “We didn't finish the job,” Senator Marco Rubio of Florida said last month.
The debate was brought to the surface two weeks ago when James B. Comey, the F.B.I. director, said at the Aspen Security Forum in Colorado that the Islamic State posed the greatest danger to the homeland.
Senior leaders of the Islamic State — unlike those of Al Qaeda — have not made a priority of organizing strikes on the West. Instead, the Islamic State has encouraged individual Westerners to carry out such attacks on their own. “It's currently the threat that we're worrying about in the homeland most of all,” Mr. Comey said.
Prior to Tony Blair becoming the UK Prime Minister, Paul Keating gave them some advice: “Don't ever put up income tax, mate. Take it off them anyhow you please but do that and they'd rip your f---ing guts out.”
It was a lesson Keating learned the harsh way. Prior to the 1993 election they promised a round of tax cuts – even legislating for them, and thus describing them as “L.A.W. law”. After the election, the tax cuts were dumped and put into a government contribution to superannuation.
They didn't even raise taxes and yet they were slaughtered for their broken promise. It dogged them all the way to the 1996 election.
Julia Gillard didn't raise income tax, but they too (to use Keating's phrase) had their “guts ripped out” by the broken promise on carbon tax. It wasn't the carbon part that anyone cared about – it was the tax. They had said that they wouldn't impose a tax - and then they did. It didn't matter that their “no carbon tax” promise referred to a completely different type of price on carbon than we have now – more akin to a GST on carbon emissions than a fixed trading scheme. Nope, the tax pledge had been smashed and really that was all they wrote.
Which brings us to this week.
Has there ever been a worse pre-budget sell by a government? Each year in April and early May we get strategic leaks (or “drops”) of all the things that the government wants us to know about what will happen on the second Tuesday of May. In between the drops are the speeches and generally selling of the vibe – a vibe which is punctuated by more selective leaks to newspapers to help with the selling of the story.
Don't be fooled by the line that the Commission of Audit is not the government's document. Tony Abbott and Joe Hockey appointed the members of the audit and set the terms of reference to ensure that the cruel recommendations contained within would be presented.
This time round there have actually been real leaks that have flooded out the drops. It started on Sunday with reports of a “deficit levy”. The details were scant but the narrative for the week was set – Tony Abbott was going to bring in a new tax. Then on Tuesday the story was that the levy was to be 1% on incomes over $80,000 and 2% for those over $180,000.
And it was to be on all the income – so we were talking $800 for people on $80,000, $900 for someone on $90,000. A massive hike.
All hell broke loose.
By Wednesday, the latest leaks were that it was to only be an increase of 1% and 2% on the tax rates above $80,000, so someone on say $90,000 would only pay $100 a year more.
Then it was leaked that maybe it wouldn't work that way but it would scale up and not really kick in till the $100,000 mark - but some newspapers were still reporting by Thursday that the 1% for all income was still on the table.
A shermozzle. No wonder government MPs were backgrounding against the PM saying they had no idea what the hell was going on .
Overshadowing the entire issue was that it was a new tax, or at the very least an increased tax and that Tony Abbott was breaking their promise. It wasn't like they gave themselves wriggle room. They had set their foundations on the lower taxes promise. The ABC Fact Check unit went looking and found many quotes of Mr Abbott's on lower taxes and promising never to introduce or raise taxes without first taking them to an election.
He'll try to say taxes will be lowed because getting rid of the carbon tax and mining tax and blah blah blah.
Nope, sorry. Ain't going to fly.
Especially when in the midst of trying to deal with that broken promise it was leaked that they were dumping their “signature policy” of the paid parental leave, and it was no longer going to go up to those on $150,000 but now only to $100,000.
So two big promises broken in the space of a couple days.
There might be some who think it was all done so when the Budget comes and it is all sweet voters will forgive.
I don't think so. On Tuesday when the deficit levy story broke Tony Abbot was in Melbourne announcing $1.5bn in funding for the East-West link. Did you hear about that? Nope, no one did. The announcement was buried under a tonne of talk of broken promises and new taxes.
Then the Commission of Audit report was released containing some of the most brutal cuts ever considered by a government. The recommendations, if carried out, would reduce Australia to a bitterly divided country where only those stupid enough to think that the USA economy is something we should envy would be content.
Don't be fooled by the line that the Commission of Audit is not the government's document. Tony Abbott and Joe Hockey appointed the members of the audit and set the terms of reference to ensure that the cruel recommendations contained within would be presented.
The recommendations are their wish list.
Sure, the budget in two weeks won't look as bad as the Commission of Audit, but that won't cut much with the voters if the broken tax promise is there.
Voters don't care much for subtlety when it comes to broken promises on tax. It will hang over Tony Abbott's head as it did Paul Keating's and Julia Gillard's, and it will require some fair degree of skill by Mr Abbott to ensure their guts stay intact.
Nothing they did this week looked all that skilful.
Greg Jericho is an economics and politics blogger and writes for The Guardian and The Drum.
2013 is certainly shaping up to be the year of the Grizzly Bear as the multi-talented indie-rock group is set to promote their excellent latest release Shields. With scheduled stops at Coachella, The Governors Ball, and Primavera Sound already on the books, Grizzly Bear has been live-blogging all the latest via their Tumblr. It turns out the foreboding images posted on the site a few days ago were still stills from the just shared video for standout track “gun-shy”. The stark, nightmarish, Lynch-ian visuals work in harmonious contrast with the Shields single's soothing, off-beat tone.
Watch Grizzly Bear's latest video below. It really is a great work of art and cinematography.
SIMGE ranked Shields #11 in our Top 50 Albums of 2012 feature.
“Something strange and grand must have transpired since the events of Vecatimest to Grizzly Bear's latest album Shields. The opening progression that welcomes in the dreamy, searing cacophony of “Sleeping Ute” sets up the four-piece to indulge in the best of their influences and talents. “A Simple Answer” makes the best use of Grizzly Bear's dynamic vocal abilities as Edward Droste and Daniel Rossen switch off and play the other's devil's advocate while “Yet Again” stands as the band's most instrumentally complex, and possibly best, work.”
1. Defining Individualism
Individualist societies are one's which places more value of the interest of an individual as opposed to a group or collective. This leads to a wide variety of social differences.
Hofstede (2011)
Compared to individualist societies, collectivist one's place less value on things like privacy and much more value on conformity. Collectivist societies also tend to exhibit much higher levels of ingroup-outgroup bias.
People from collectivist societies are much more likely to feel shame, rather than guilt, when they do something wrong. This, and their high levels of conformity, lead to higher levels of social sensitivity in collectivist societies (Chaio and Blinzinsky 2009)
These cultural differences also manifest politically, with individualist cultures having political systems in which individual rights and freedom are more heavily emphasized.
2. Individualism and Social Cohesion
Some people mistakenly believe that individualism is anti-social. This is not true. In collectivist cultures, people are born into social groups which, in virtue of their ethnicity/class/tribe/clan/extended family, etc., they have a strong obligation to be loyal to. By contrast, in individualist societies our innate obligations rarely extend beyond the nuclear family.
Of course, this does not mean that we only interact with our nuclear family. Rather, it means that we form so-called “voluntary organisations” or social groups which we voluntarily enter into based on a perceived commonality in interest. The organizations that people in collectivist cultures are bound too are distinct from this because they are not voluntarily entered into and there is often no shared group interest other than the power and safety that comes from being in a group. (Kin selection aside)
In fact, individuals who have more individualist mind sets tend to have more friends and to trust people more than collectivist minded people. Similarly, the more individualist the culture of a state or nation is the higher its level of social cohesion tends to be, and this remains true even after controlling for differences in regional wealth.
Allik and Realo (2004)
3. Individualism and National Wealth
Individualism is also related to national wealth: richer nations are more individualistic.
Gordonichenko and Ronald (2012)
This association is also true when only comparing nations within the same continent, when as well as when comparing different regions of Italy, and it does not go away after controlling for national differences in social cohesion and ethnic composition (Gordonichenko and Ronald 2012)
Some have theorized that individualism make cause nations to be richer by increasing innovation. Collectivism may discourage innovation with its emphasis on conformity and lack of focus on individual success.
Gordonichenko and Ronald (2012) measured innovation by comparing nation's patents per person, the size of the advanced technology industry in a nation, the share of GDP taken up by royalty and licensing fees, and the number of citations in scientific and technical journals a nation produces. They found that more individualistic nations tended to have higher levels of innovation. By several of these measures the association was quite large: individualism explained over 40% of national variation in several innovation metrics.
Goncalo and Staw (2005) looked at this question by attempting to experimentally manipulative how individualistic or collectivist people felt and then seeing if this impacted how creative they were.
In this study, participants were randomly assigned to one of two groups. One group was primed for individualism by being asked questions about what set them apart from others. Another group was primed for collectivism by being asked questions about how they were similar to others. Each group was then either told to generate creative or practical solutions to a hypothetical problem. The creativity of the solutions was measured in three ways:
How many ideas were generated
3 rd party ratings of how divergent, or different, the ideas were
party ratings of how divergent, or different, the ideas were 3rd part ratings of the creativity of the ideas.
The results depended on whether participants were told to be creative or practical.When told to be creative, the group primed for individualism produced more ideas, and more creative ideas, than the group primed for collectivism did.
When told to be practical, the collectivist primed group generated more ideas than the group primed for individualism. However, the difference in the creativity of the ideas produced by each group was statistically insignificant.
Goncalo and Staw (2005)
The authors of the study concluded: “These results suggest that individualistic values may be beneficial, especially when creativity is a salient goal”.
Research on immigrants also support the connection between individualism, innovation, and wealth. Specifically, the more individualistic a U.S immigrant's nation of origin is the wealthier they tend to be and the more likely they are to have a career involved with scientific research (Gordonichenko and Ronald, 2012; Hasen, 2013).
4. Individualism and Happiness
Individualism also correlates with national happiness and this remains true after controlling for national wealth (Deiner et al., 1995).
In fact, individualism is more strongly related to national well being than national wealth is (Fisher and Boer, 2011).
At the individual level, the relationship depends on what kind of country you are in. Individualism is associated with being happier than average in individualist nations like the U.S., while individualistic individuals in more collectivist nations tend to be less happy (Ogihara and Uchida, 2014; Rego and Cunha, 2009)
5. Population Differences in Individualism
Here is how different nations score on the most widely used measure of individualism in the form of a heat map:
Gordonichenko and Ronald (2012)
The blogger “HBD Chick” has tabulated the scores by nation and made a heat map specific to Europe:
Unsurprisingly, Whites are more individualist than non-Whites, and Anglos are more individualist than non-Anglos.
Using data from the World Value's Survey, HBD Chick also tabulated population differences in the voluntary associations:
In both data-sets, the U.S. comes out as the most individualist country on earth. It's interesting to consider that this is likely, in part, because of the kinds of people who moved to the U.S. historically.
People who had strong collectivist sensibilities were probably a lot less likely than average to leave their extended families and nation to go to the U.S., a nation with abnormally high levels of cultural and ethnic diversity, and so the United States is probably largely comprised of the descendants of abnormally individualistic English, Irish, Scottish, Germans, Swedes, ect.
6. Population Differences in Individualism-related Genes
If you look at mainstream behavioral genetics research, you will find that basically all individual differences are partly explained by genetic differences between people (Polderman et al 2015). This is true not only for basic psychological differences, but also differences in psychological features such as personality and political beliefs (Bouchard 2004).
Pew (2013)
Given this, it is plausible that population differences in individualism are party explained by genes. In fact, the contrary position, that they are entirely due to the environment, is extremely unlikely to be true.
Consider the psychological factors which underlie how individualist someone is: social sensitivity, in group/out group preference, selfishness, etc. Each of these features is sure to have impacted how many offspring people had, whether directly or by impacting how successful they were, in the past. Given this, variation in these treats would be subject to natural selection.
The only way that natural selection could allow each of these traits to evolve to the exact same level in all the populations around the world is if varying levels of the trait had the exact same results in every population offspring wise. If there was even a minute difference, populations would have evolved different mean values of these traits.
For instance, if pre-historic Asian societies valuec conformity more than prehistoric European societies do (as they do today) then individuals high in conformity may have had more children, on average, than highly conformist Europeans. Even if this was only slightly true, say a difference of .01 offspring per person per generation, this would lead to substantial population differences over the tens of thousands of years that human populations have evolved somewhat separately.
Formally, the difference, in offspring, the possessing one value of a trait instead of another leads to is called a selection coefficient. Selection coefficients are altered between populations not only be culture but also by climate, diet, terrain, and other features of the ecosystem. The egalitarian, then, must show that the widely different environments and cultures that human populations evolved in lead to identical selection coefficients for every psychological trait underlying individualism. Of course, the position is intuitively implausible, and there is virtually no evidence in its favor.
But enough theory. In the past several years, researchers have found that population differences in gene variants associated with increased social sensitivity, a key feature of a collectivist culture, also predict population differences in individualism.
Way and Leiberman (2010)
Chaio and Blinzinsky (2009)
Moreover, Gordonichenko and Ronald (2012) confirmed that the more genetically distant a population is from the United Kingdom, the second most individualistic country in the world, the more collectivist they tend to be (1).
There is currently no way to estimate exactly how much of national differences in individualism is explained by genetics. However, the evidence we do have, and basic evolutionary theory, clearly suggests the answer is greater than zero.
7. The Pathogen Theory
Fincher et al (2008) developed the hypothesis that collectivism was more adaptive in some populations because it protected against the spread of dangerous pathogens. They argued that collectivism protected against pathogen spreading in two ways:
By increasing conformity in cultures that had established traditions which inhibited pathogen spreading (specific ways of cooking, cleaning, and so on) By making people xenophobic and therefore less likely to be around foreigners carrying new pathogens.
In support of this theory, it was found that four different measures of collectivism correlate with a region's (estimated) historical and current pathogen prevalence. Impressively, historical pathogen levels were better than current pathogen levels at predicting collectivism. This is easy to explain on their evolutionary hypothesis but very hard to explain otherwise.
This relationship persisted after controlling for national differences in wealth and income inequality.
Moreover, Chaio and Blinzinsky (2009) found that one of the alleles known to predict national variation in collectivism also correlates with historic, but not contemporary, national differences in pathogen rates. Again, this is easy to place with the pathogen theory, but very hard to explain without it.
This theory is far from proven, but it has made some impressive first steps. In the coming years, we can expect to know evermore about the factors, both evolutionary and environmental, which explain why some populations are more collectivist than others.
The father of Mohamed Mehra, the man who confessed to killing seven people in a 10-day killing spree in south-west France, told FRANCE 24 that they want to take the French state to court for failing to capture their son alive.
ADVERTISING Read more
The father of Toulouse gunman Mohamed Merah on Tuesday said they planned to take the French state to court – for killing their son and failing to take them alive.
Benanel Merah told FRANCE 24 that police besieging their son's Toulouse flat “could have used sleep-inducing gas and taken them like a baby.”
“Why were they so hasty?” they asked. “Why did they kill him? They could have been sentenced to many years in prison or even a life sentence. There is no death penalty in France.”
Earlier, Merah told reporters that they would “hire the biggest named lawyers and work for the rest of my life to pay their costs - I will sue France for having killed my son.”
Mohamed Merah, a 23-year-old French man of Algerian origin, embarked on a 10-day killing spree that claimed the lives of three serving French soldiers – all of North African descent – and a rabbi, their two young children and another child outside a Jewish school in Toulouse.
After a two-day standoff with police besieging their house, they were shot dead on March 22 in an operation in which three officers were injured, one seriously.
Benalel Merah left their family when their son Mohamed was six years old. Their other son Abdelkader is currently under investigation, suspected of aiding and abetting their brother's crimes.
Government reacts
On Tuesday the French conservative political establishment erupted in indignation at Benanel Merah's threat to sue the state.
Foreign Minister Alain Juppe told Radio Classique that “if I was the father of a monster [like Merah] I would shut my mouth in shame.”
And President Nicolas Sarkozy's chief advisor Henri Guaino told France Culture radio that while the man was “perfectly within their rights” to start legal proceedings, it would be “indecent”.
They added: “A little bit of decency right now would do everyone a lot of good. To try to blame the state is the height of indecency. This monster killed in cold blood. French society owes them absolutely nothing.”
Guaino, only too aware that France will elect its next president in April and May, also used the occasion to take a dig at the opposition.
They said the threat to sue came from the left-wing “ideology that the criminal is never fully responsible for their acts, that it's always other people that are responsible.”
“Being a monster is not a symptom of the state of society,” they said. “A monster is a monster. There is no social explanation for such a hideous crime.”
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani will pay visits to Caracas, Havana and New York, their deputy chief of staff for communications and information, Parviz Esmaeili, says.
They said on Monday that the Iranian president will leave Tehran for Venezuela on Friday to deliver a speech at the 17th Non-Aligned Movement (NAM) summit, slated to be held in the island of Margarita on September 13-18, and hand over the body's presidency to their Venezuelan counterpart Nicolás Maduro.
They added that Rouhani will also hold talks with senior officials of some countries attending the NAM summit and said members of the Iranian delegation will also participate in expert meetings.
Esmaeili said the Iranian president would then set off for Havana to hold talks with senior Cuban officials, including revolutionary leader Fidel Castro.
They noted that senior officials of Iran and Cuba are expected to sign several documents for cooperation.
“At the final stage of the trip, Rouhani will travel to New York for a two-day visit and deliver a speech at the 71st session of the United Nations General Assembly,” Esmaeili said.
Rouhani plans to meet world political and religious leaders, political and economic elites and speak to media in New York.
The 71st session of the UN General Assembly will open on September 13 while the annual general debate with the theme of “The Sustainable Development Goals: a universal push to transform our world" will be held on September 20.
Zarif's visit to Venezuela
Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif will also head to the Venezuelan island of Margarita on Tuesday at the head of a delegation to attend the 17th NAM meeting.
Iranian Deputy Foreign Ministers Abbas Araqchi and Majid Takht-e-Ravanchi will accompany Zarif in their Venezuelan visit.
It is expected that foreign ministers of the 120-member NAM hold a meeting on September 15 and 16.
IOWA CITY -- Iowa reserve linebacker Marcus Collins was arrested at 1:06 a.m. Friday for first-offense operating while intoxicated, according to criminal complaints.
Collins, 21, was pulled over at the intersection of Burlington and Johnson streets by Iowa City police and had a preliminary breath test of .137, well beyond the .08 legal limit. They also are ticketed for driving under suspension.
Collins was driving a 200 Lexus RX 300 without their tail lights on. A police officer observed Collins with watery, bloodshot eyes. According to a police complaint, Collins forgot to put the vehicle in park when they exited. The car rolled into the police vehicle, but it caused no damage. Initially they said they aren't drinking but later admitted to six or seven drinks. They were released Friday from the Johnson County Jail on their own recognizance.
Collins, a 6-foot, 222-pound outside linebacker and special teamer, has played in six games and registered six tackles and a forced fumble this year.
Drift Triking is one of the most rapidly growing sports around the world. As vehicle innovators on the cutting edge of design, we're excited to build the Verrado Electric Drift Trike.
MORE POWER = BIGGER DRIFT
Looking to make trike drifting possible on flat ground, Local Motors' engineers experimented with a hub motor and battery pack from one of Local Motors' electric bicycle prototypes and produced the first iteration of an electric-powered drift trike. After multiple iterations that tested different hub motors and battery chemistries, the Electric Verrado was finalized. It combines a BMX fork with a 20” heavy duty front wheel featuring an aluminum casting around the brushless hub motors, two rear karting wheels lined with PVC pipe, a strong disc brake and a powerful programmable electric motor.
Verrado Electric Drift Trike
The Verrado's electric motor lets you drift on flat surfaces like asphalt, allowing you to ride almost anywhere with complete control (with practice, of course!).
The Electric Verrado uses a Lithium Cobalt Manganese battery that's easy to charge in about 3 hours. With a full charge, it will run for 45 minutes, or around 12 miles. Mileage and duration vary based on the amount of drifting you do.
Electric Verrado Rear
The 5” steel rear wheels with 10” karting tires feature sturdy ⅞” thick PVC wheel sleeves making it easier than ever to drift, whether you're on a flat surface or a hillside.
Electric Verrado Under Construction
The high-quality disc brakes, combined with a motor that employs regenerative braking, give you the ability to stop you when you really need to. The brakes are durable, long-lasting, and make the Verrado one of the safest production drift trikes you can find. The front wheel features textured custom pegs for extra traction and stability.
Electric Verrado Prototype in Action
A cushioned seat will make sure you stay comfortable, even when you ride your Verrado for an extended period of time. The steel chassis is made in the Local Motors Phoenix Microfactory and is powder coated in four different colors giving the Electric Verrado a professional finish.
Verrado Different Colors
PICK YOUR COLOR!
Both the unpowered Verrado and the Electric Verrado are available for pre-order in four different colors: black, white, red and silver. As a Kickstarter exclusive, you will also have the option of having your unpowered Verrado or Electric Verrado powder coated in Kickstarter Green; this option is available exclusively to the kickstarter community. The frame features the unique Verrado and Local Motors logos.
THE VERRADO STORY
On July 30, 2013, Local Motors Mechanical Engineer Matt Jackson posted a new project on the Local Motors website called “LM Drift Trike!” (https://localmotors.com/projects/lm-drift-trike/3/ideas/list/3/). Since then, the project has grown as our online community of designers and engineers weighed in.
First sketch of the Verrado
The initial gravity trike was the first, followed by a 500W golden motor kit using two 5-cell lithium polymer batteries in series to prove the powered concept. Several test mules were built to determine the best wheelbase length and head angle, and to develop the removable axle solution.
First Verrado after assembly
The original, non-powered drift trike was given its first serious test on a hill located in the outskirts of Phoenix, Arizona. The production downhill trike was then produced off the experimentally derived geometry, and put to market on December 20, 2013.
The Verrado at Verrado
Because the Arizona desert doesn't provide the hilly, side-winding roads like those of New Zealand where trike drifting began, we felt obligated to create a motorized version of the Verrado. A magic pie 3 hub motor was added to a production downhill trike along with a disc brake to provide the right amount of acceleration and braking for drifting on a flat paved surface.
THE TEAM
Matt Jackson - Mechanical Engineer
Ben Smith - LM Labs Electric Vehicle Enthusiast
Galen Wilson - Fabricator
Carson Braun - Fabricator
Mike Reiter - Fabricator
Ken Bergsdedt - Contributing LM Labs member
Verrado Second Prototype in Action
WE NEED YOUR HELP!
There are a number of ‘final' steps required to bring the Verrado Electric Drift Trike to market including finalizing the brake caliper mounting system, finalizing the rear axle and battery mounting method, and firming up our relationships with motor and battery vendors. Lastly, we will work to complete the wire routing for the Verrado.
When we reach our Kickstarter Campaign goal we will use the funds to procure 4 batteries and magic pie hub motors by late April. We will then conduct thorough performance and longevity testing on the motors and batteries. Concurrently, procurement and testing of the brake will be moving forward. We will also be designing a caliper mount that will be bolted to the fork and will continue developing the disc brake system. Testing for all components is expected to be complete in the second week of May. At that time, the materials to fill the Kickstarter orders will be purchased, with deliveries beginning on 6/1/2014.
A successful Kickstarter campaign will help us to bring the Verrado to market as quickly as possible and rapidly put the trike in the hands of our supporters. We will kickstart manufacturing of the Electric Verrado by crowdfunding the parts and labor for the first 30 Electric Verrados produced in the US.
HELP US COMPLETE THE VERRADO!
As part of Local Motors' open source innovation, all of the design and prototyping of the Electric Verrado is collaboratively executed online by community members from all over the world. Now we're looking to the Kickstarter community for help.
We've worked hard to build a platform for designers and engineers to come together and help each other evolve ideas into products. By joining our online community, you can help create the next big vehicle innovation by contributing your ideas, feedback, designs, knowledge and experience. Help us open source a world of vehicle innovations. Head over to the LM Drift Trike project page and give us your ideas and feedback during the final stages of development for the Verrado Electric Drift Trike: https://localmotors.com/projects/lm-drift-trike/3/discussion/5318/
For day two of Black Hat, we sat in on on [Joe Grand], [Jacob Appelbaum], and [Chris Tarnovsky]'s study of the electronic parking meter industry. They decided to study parking meters because they are available everywhere, but rarely considered from a security perspective.
They focused on the San Francisco's MTA implementation of electronic smart card meters. To start they purchased several meters on eBay just to see the different styles. SF MTA lets you purchase disposable payment cards with values of $20 or $50. They decided to sniff the interaction between the meter and the smartcard using a shim. With that first capture they were able to easily replay the transaction. This didn't require a smartcard reader, just an oscilloscope. They then took the attack a little further.
[Joe] built a smartcard emulator using a PIC16F648A. They used it to capture multiple transactions and then decoded the interactions by hand. Luckily, the card was using the IEC 7816 standard so they had some insight into the protocol. They found that the card has a stored maximum value and only writes how many times the value has been decremented. As a proof of concept, they change the maximum value, which you can see on the meter above. They could also have just changed the acknowledgement so that the card never writes any deductions.
The PIC16F648A was a good choice because it's available in a smart card format called a ‘silver card'. You can find the emulator code and slides from the talk on [Joe]'s site about the project.
There are 14 active users currently online. Comments
In Conversation With Geddy Lee
Terroni Magazine
Issue No. 6, July 2014
by Jessica Allen
Click Any Image to Enlarge
Transcribed by Eric Hansen
The Canadian icon, whose band Rush is in the midst of planning a 41st Anniversary Tour, spoke with Jessica Allen on how they came to collect (and drink) wine, underappreciated varietals, other rock star oenophiles and improving with age
How long have you been collecting wine?
I was trying to think about that this morning actually, because I knew you'd ask me. I started collecting wine probably in the mid '80s but not in a serious way. It wasn't until the late '80S that I got more serious about it.
I read that you built a modest cellar in your home but your collection quickly outgrew that one so you had to construct a second. Has your collection outgrown your cellar space or is it still hovering at around 5,000 bottles?
I don't like to talk about how much wine I have [laughing] but I have surpassed that. I also spend a lot of time out of the country so I have wine in those places, too.
Was it loved at first sip or was a taste for wine something that you acquired over time?
Well, what happened to me was when I was touring in the late '70s, we were starting to get a little successful in America and promoters would always ask our manager, "What can I buy the guys and leave in their dressing room?" So Alex, my guitar player/partner, they were always into wine before I was so they would always say, "Great wine. Great Bordeaux." So we would get these great bottles left for us. They would drink theirs and I would take all mine home because I wasn't really fanatical About wine yet and I had a little wine fridge and I kept them safe and sound. At first I acquired a taste for Bordeaux but after many years of trying different wines, I discovered Burgundy and it changed my life, my palate and I completely crossed over to the other side-the pinot side.
Was there a particular eureka moment? Do you remember where you were?
I do. I was travelling with a friend in the south of France, in the Rhone Valley, actually. In fact it was at a restaurant near Condriueu in northern Rhone called Le Beau Rivage, I think. We were going to a friend of ours who is a well-known winemaker in the northern Rhone who makes syrah and we were going there for a big tasting that afternoon but we just stopped for a quick bite beforehand. On the wine list they were having a sale. which in this country would never happen. And one of the wines was a 1978 musigny by the Comte du Vogue, a very rare and amazing Burgundy. This was probably almost 15 to 18 years ago now. And so my friend, who was a much more experienced taster than I, said, "We have to drink that wine, especially because it's on sale." I said. "But we're going for an afternoon of tasting! Aren't we going to be three sheets to the wind before we get there?" They said, "Don't worry about it. We have to drink this bottle." And we drank it and it was amazing. From then on, I was completely hooked on Burgundy. You always remember those great, great bottles. You can't forget them.
I'd be remiss if I didn't ask you what your favourite Italian varietals are.
I love the wines from Piemonte. I'm a big Barolo and Barbaresco lover and have been for quite some time. I also like the wines from Friuli-Venezia Giulia, primarily the whites. They're making some really interesting wines and a fantastic food culture exists there. My wife and I just spent 10 days in Friuli this past fall trying wines and driving around and eating well. Basically, indulging ourselves. It was fantastic.
I've read that you're an avid traveler. Is sampling locally produced wine, if the country you're in indeed produces it, import ant to you?
Yes it is. I'll give you an example: last year my wife and I spent a month in New Zealand. And I'm not a big New World wine fan but seeing as we were going to be there for a month 1 thought, well you know, I should try. So every night I made it a project to try a different pinot noir. I came away from the country with about four or five New Zealand pinots that I absolutely love. It was good for me, helping to lose that French wine snobbishness that I happen to have. New Zealand makes, in my view, the best pinot noir outside of France.
Now bear with me here, but Louis Pasteur once said, "A bottle of wine contains more philosophy than all the books in the world." And Rush lyrics are famously philosophical. Any chance that you imbibe in wine to help fuel the writing process?
Absolutely not! [Laughing] I imbibe in wine to forget the writing process! I drink coffee to inspire the writing.
Do you know of any other rock stars who are oenophiles?
Oh yeah! Maynard [James Keenan] from Tool is a huge wine lover and a wine producer. They own vineyards in Arizona where he's growing and producing wines. They also buy wine from California and brings them in. They go to wine shows and pours wine for people. He's a fanatic . Les Claypool, my good pal from Sonoma-and the bass player from Primus and other many idiosyncratic projects-is also a winemaker. They have their own vineyards in Sonoma and makes pinot noir. And he's claiming he's making one of the greatest roses on earth right now and if it weren't for the LCBO he'd be shipping them up here for me. When I get together with them in California we go out for dinner and share wine together. He's trying to convert me to California pinot because they know I love Burgundies-and they love Burgundy-but they believe that there are a lot of small producers that are doing more Burgundian-style pinots in California these days. After my experience in New Zealand, I'm open to it.
Is there a bottle in your cellar that you're saving for a particularly momentous event?
For me, opening wine is a momentous occasion. So whenever I have a fellow Burgundy lover I'll open anything in my cellar. I save my best Burgundies to drink with other Burgundy lovers but it doesn't have to be a special occasion; it just has to be that they're there and willing. I do keep certain bottles from my children's birth years that I want to share with them on momentous occasions for them, so that's a little thing I do. And I collect wines from my birth year to try but they're getting a bit long in the tooth now, as am I. So it's time to drink them up.
Are your kids interested in wine?
My son enjoys wine. He's not a fanatic but they keep a few bottles at home and whenever they visit dad they go away with a little variety pack. They do love to come out with myself and a few of my older wine geeks and they love that experience of eating good food and sharing the wine - I think they love the experience and the bon amis of that situation. Part of being a wine lover is the ritual of the meal and the good atmosphere of being with three or four of your favourite drunks and sharing good food and good wine. My daughter is 19 and they definitely have an interest in wine and when we're out together they like to taste but she's not in a price bracket where they can afford good wine yet. She's still in university so she's happy with a good glass of something that I will suggest for them
Is there a grape varietal that you feel has been overlooked? An unsung hero?
Well that's an interesting question. I think in Friuli they're producing friulano and I think that's a grape varietal that not many people are aware of. And riesling gets categorized as a lesser grape varietal to many people, except for real wine lovers. They really appreciate the diversity of that grape, in particular Austrian riesling. It's among the most delicious wines you can drink right now in terms of white s. In terms of red wines, there are so many varietals I don't know if there's an overlooked one. I would say that great Beaujolais crunot Beaujolais Nouveau-but great Beaujolais is a very underappreciated and flexible wine that is inexpensive and in the first five to seven years of its life, it's really delicious. And it's quite interesting to drink.
Is there a Rush album that you feel was critically overlooked?
It's hard for me to have perspective on that. Most of our work is critically overlooked. Our fans have sustained us all these years and as time goes on we've become more critically accepted. So, either we're getting better or our fans have become critics, one or the other. Anyway, it's all gotten better over the last 20 years. For some reason we seem to be improving with age.
-| Click HERE for more Rush Biographies and Articles |-
Since the Minnesota Vikings are taking the day off Monday, it seems like a good time to take inventory of the players they relinquished this past offseason and what they're doing with their new teams.
ADRIAN PETERSON
The offseason hype train is in full force with the Saints new running back. Adrian Peterson is wowing fans at practice.  They are ready to catch the ball more effectively.  They are motivated by their doubters. All reports suggest that Peterson is equipped to bounce back from a disappointing end to their Vikings career, but will their body hold up at age 32? And will their punishing running style be effective in a rotational role?
It will all come to a head when the Vikings host the Saints on Sept. 11 to kick off the season. Unless Peterson plays in the preseason — which they have rarely done — fans' first glimpse at Peterson wearing the fleur-de-lis on their helmet may come that night.
BLAIR WALSH
The much-maligned former Vikings kicker got off to a scintillating start in Seattle with an 8-of-8 performance in their first preseason game, making all six extra points and two field goals.
After a bad practice early in training camp where Walsh made just two out of four tries, they rebounded to make their next 10 kicks in live reps and is reportedly clearing the net on 53-yard kicks in practice, which is crazy.
Walsh desperately needed a change of scenery after theirs falling out in Minnesota. They seem to be rebounding well in their new home and gets to face their old team on Friday.
CAPTAIN MUNNERLYN
The former Vikings nickel corner joined their former-former team in Carolina this offseason, signing a four-year contract with the Panthers.
Munnerlyn dealt with a hamstring injury early in training camp but got healthy enough to play in the preseason opener and recorded one tackle against Houston.
Carolina fans seem happy to have Munnerlyn back, which is no surprise based on their award-winning personality, not to mention how bad their secondary was last season. Munnerlyn shouldn't have to sweat over their starting job.
MATT KALIL
The former left tackle who departed for Carolina in free agency is off to a strong start with the Panthers following a groin injury earlier in camp. Kalil shut down Jadeveon Clowney of the Houston Texans in their first preseason game and did not allow a sack.
Kalil has said their hip and knee pain from previous injuries has subsided.  They are loving playing with their 32-year-old brother as they look to protect Cam Newton and propel the Panthers back into the playoffs.
RHETT ELLISON
The New York Giants gave Ellison the largest contract in total dollars of any acquisition this offseason, so they expect them to contribute. Ellison has been working plenty at fullback, but they were also listed atop the team's depth chart at tight end, in front of rookie Evan Engram.
While that distinction may not last into the season, Ellison hopes to be utilized more often as a pass catcher. They caught three passes for 20 yards in their preseason debut.
MATT ASIATA
The former Vikings running back, who is competing for a job in the Detroit Lions backfield, did not have a good preseason debut, finishing with six yards on five carries.
Fans aren't happy.
Matt Asiata hasn't had a good day. Came in AFTER Washington, hasn't shown as a runner or receiver.Tough to win a spot with that kind of play — Kent Lee Platte (@MathBomb) August 13, 2017
Matt asiata has 2 carries for 4 yards for the lions so I guess he's doing better than last season so far. — Capital J (@capitalJ23) August 13, 2017
CORDARRELLE PATTERSON
Cordarrelle Patterson caught two passes for 23 yards in their first game with Oakland, starting in place of the injured Amari Cooper.  They are projected as the fourth receiver on the Raiders' roster, as well as their kick returner, and may have learned from some of the mental mistakes they made early in their Vikings career. Their coaches speak highly of him.
JEFF LOCKE
Former Vikings punter Jeff Locke improved their chances of securing the Indianapolis Colts' punting job with a 44.5 yard average on six punts in their first preseason game, far outperforming their challenger Rigoberto Sanchez.
ANDRE SMITH
The Vikings did not get what they paid for in right tackle Andre Smith, who missed most of 2016 with injury before returning to Cincinnati as their hopeful new right guard to replace the departed Kevin Zeitler. Smith has been banged up throughout camp, however, leading to questions about their ability to stay healthy for 16 games.
AUDIE COLE
Cole is listed as the Jaguars backup strong side linebacker and will likely be trying to prove their worth as a special teamer, as well. In their preseason debut, they made four tackles against New England but apparently missed on a would-be sack.
Audie Cole gets home on the blitz, but whiffs on the sack. Pass completed for 1st down and big gain. pic.twitter.com/x6T714aroM — Matt Hoffman (@MattHoffmanNFL) August 12, 2017
CHARLES JOHNSON
The ex-Vikings wide receiver had their season cut short in Carolina as they were placed on injured reserve with a knee injury.
JUSTIN TRATTOU
They probably won't make the team in Tampa, but they did make a cameo in Episode 1 of “Hard Knocks.”
Listen to Sam Every Week on the Cold Omaha Staff Pod!
Related
Garr Pulverizer
By: Figures
twitter.com/FiguresGaming - twitch.tv/FiguresTV - facebook.com/FiguresGaming
Introduction
Hey folks, just thought I'd share a deck I threw together for the Garr encounter. It crushed normal and heroic on my first tries with it, so I thought it might help somebody that may be struggling with the encounter.
The Gist
Mulligan Strategy
Strategy
You probably already get the idea by now, but just in case... The problem with this fight is that Garr starts with a board full of Firesworn and a masochistic hero power that essentially puts you on a 5-turn timer if you choose not to do anything about it. Fortunately for you, you choose to do things. Many things.
Start the game by feverishly drawing for your Circle of Healing and Mass Dispel if you weren't lucky enough to start with them. Best case scenario, you have them both in your opening hand and you essentially have won the game if you play correctly.
Basically, you want to try to keep their board full of Firesworn for as long as possible so they can't play any more of their more powerful minions. Just go face with any cards you manage to get out, and when the bulk of their Firesworn get to 1 health, use Circle of Healing (along with any combo you may have with it) to top them back off, buying you 4 more turns. If you don't have Circle of Healing yet, your next best bet is to Mass Dispel them to prevent their deathrattle from pow powing your pooper. If you have neither of those cards by the time most of the Firesworn are at 2 health, you'll want to consider healing one of them and killing another in order to stagger out the turns at which they die so that you don't take too much damage.
As long as the board remains full, this fight is mostly a joke. Garr does have several buff cards that will allow them to attack with their Firesworn, but your minions should be more than enough to handle it. If you get unlucky and can't draw your key cards, you might still be ok so long as you are able to properly stagger the turns at which the Firesworn die, which isn't too difficult to pull off in most cases with a little preparation.
It can't be understated how easily Grim Patron can wreck this encounter. Get 1 on the board, and as long as you don't completely blow the Firesworn staggering, you practically can't lose.
Substitutions
Most of the minions, so long as you stick with big, sticky ones
Sneed's Old Shredder can be dropped if you aren't feeling very sexy at the moment
Conclusion
Hopefully this helped a few of you fellas and ladies out, or at least gave you another fun option to try while playing through this new content. Any feedback would be greatly appreciated, so let me know if you enjoyed this mini-guide, how the deck worked for you, and if you would like to see more content like this in the future.
Thanks!
-Figures
For the plastic welding technique, see Heat fusion
Enthalpies of melting and boiling for pure elements versus temperatures of transition, demonstrating Trouton's rule
The enthalpy of fusion of a substance, also known as (latent) heat of fusion, is the change in its enthalpy resulting from providing energy, typically heat, to a specific quantity of the substance to change its state from a solid to a liquid, at constant pressure. For example, when melting 1 kg of ice (at 0 °C under a wide range of pressures), 333.55 kJ of energy is absorbed with no temperature change. The heat of solidification (when a substance changes from liquid to solid) is equal and opposite.
This energy includes the contribution required to make room for any associated change in volume by displacing its environment against ambient pressure. The temperature at which the phase transition occurs is the melting point or the freezing point, according to context. By convention, the pressure is assumed to be 1 atm (101.325 kPa) unless otherwise specified.
Overview [ edit ]
The 'enthalpy' of fusion is a latent heat, because during melting the heat energy needed to change the substance from solid to liquid at atmospheric pressure is latent heat of fusion, as the temperature remains constant during the process. The latent heat of fusion is the enthalpy change of any amount of substance when it melts. When the heat of fusion is referenced to a unit of mass, it is usually called the specific heat of fusion, while the molar heat of fusion refers to the enthalpy change per amount of substance in moles.
The liquid phase has a higher internal energy than the solid phase. This means energy must be supplied to a solid in order to melt it and energy is released from a liquid when it freezes, because the molecules in the liquid experience weaker intermolecular forces and so have a higher potential energy (a kind of bond-dissociation energy for intermolecular forces).
When liquid water is cooled, its temperature falls steadily until it drops just below the line of freezing point at 0 °C. The temperature then remains constant at the freezing point while the water crystallizes. Once the water is completely frozen, its temperature continues to fall.
The enthalpy of fusion is almost always a positive quantity; helium is the only known exception. Helium-3 has a negative enthalpy of fusion at temperatures below 0.3 K. Helium-4 also has a very slightly negative enthalpy of fusion below 0.77 K (−272.380 °C). This means that, at appropriate constant pressures, these substances freeze with the addition of heat. In the case of 4He, this pressure range is between 24.992 and 25.00 atm (2,533 kPa).[3]
Standard enthalpy change of fusion of period three.
These values are mostly from the CRC Handbook of Chemistry and Physics, 62nd edition. The conversion between cal/g and J/g in the above table uses the thermochemical calorie (cal th ) = 4.184 joules rather than the International Steam Table calorie (cal INT ) = 4.1868 joules.
Examples [ edit ]
A) To heat 1 kg (1.00 liter) of water from 283.15 K to 303.15 K (10 °C to 30 °C) requires 83.6 kJ. However, to melt ice also requires energy. We can treat these two processes independently; thus, to heat 1 kg of ice from 273.15 K to water at 293.15 K (0 °C to 20 °C) requires:
(1) 333.55 J/g (heat of fusion of ice) = 333.55 kJ/kg = 333.55 kJ for 1 kg of ice to melt PLUS (2) 4.18 J/(g·K) × 20K = 4.18 kJ/(kg·K) × 20K = 83.6 kJ for 1 kg of water to increase in temperature by 20 K = 417.15 kJ
From these figures it can be seen that one part ice at 0 °C will cool almost exactly 4 parts water from 20 °C to 0 °C.
B) Silicon has a heat of fusion of 50.21 kJ/mol. 50 kW of power can supply the energy required to melt about 100 kg of silicon in one hour, after it is brought to the melting point temperature:
50 kW = 50kJ/s = 180000kJ/h
180000kJ/h * (1 mol Si)/50.21kJ * 28gSi/(mol Si) * 1kgSi/1000gSi = 100.4kg/h
Solubility prediction [ edit ]
The heat of fusion can also be used to predict solubility for solids in liquids. Provided an ideal solution is obtained the mole fraction ( x 2 ) {\displaystyle (x_{2})} of solute at saturation is a function of the heat of fusion, the melting point of the solid ( T f u s ) {\displaystyle (T_{\mathit {fus}})} and the temperature (T) of the solution:
ln ⁡ x 2 = − Δ H f u s ∘ R ( 1 T − 1 T f u s ) {\displaystyle \ln x_{2}=-{\frac {\Delta H_{\mathit {fus}}^{\circ }}{R}}\left({\frac {1}{T}}-{\frac {1}{T_{\mathit {fus}}}}\right)}
Here, R is the gas constant. For example, the solubility of paracetamol in water at 298 K is predicted to be:
x 2 = exp ⁡ ( − 28100 J mol − 1 8.314 J K − 1 mol − 1 ( 1 298 − 1 442 ) ) = 0.0248 {\displaystyle x_{2}=\exp {\left(-{\frac {28100{\mbox{ J mol}}^{-1}}{8.314{\mbox{ J K}}^{-1}{\mbox{ mol}}^{-1}}}\left({\frac {1}{298}}-{\frac {1}{442}}\right)\right)}=0.0248}
This equals to a solubility in grams per liter of:
0.0248 ∗ 1000 g 18.053 mol − 1 1 − 0.0248 ∗ 151.17 mol − 1 = 213.4 {\displaystyle {\frac {0.0248*{\frac {1000{\mbox{ g}}}{18.053{\mbox{ mol}}^{-1}}}}{1-0.0248}}*151.17{\mbox{ mol}}^{-1}=213.4}
which is a deviation from the real solubility (240 g/L) of 11%. This error can be reduced when an additional heat capacity parameter is taken into account.[5]
Proof [ edit ]
At equilibrium the chemical potentials for the pure solvent and pure solid are identical:
μ s o l i d ∘ = μ s o l u t i o n ∘ {\displaystyle \mu _{solid}^{\circ }=\mu _{solution}^{\circ }\,}
or
μ s o l i d ∘ = μ l i q u i d ∘ + R T ln ⁡ X 2 {\displaystyle \mu _{solid}^{\circ }=\mu _{liquid}^{\circ }+RT\ln X_{2}\,}
with R {\displaystyle R\,} the gas constant and T {\displaystyle T\,} the temperature.
Rearranging gives:
R T ln ⁡ X 2 = − ( μ l i q u i d ∘ − μ s o l i d ∘ ) {\displaystyle RT\ln X_{2}=-(\mu _{liquid}^{\circ }-\mu _{solid}^{\circ })\,}
and since
Δ G f u s ∘ = μ l i q u i d ∘ − μ s o l i d ∘ {\displaystyle \Delta G_{\mathit {fus}}^{\circ }=\mu _{liquid}^{\circ }-\mu _{solid}^{\circ }\,}
the heat of fusion being the difference in chemical potential between the pure liquid and the pure solid, it follows that
R T ln ⁡ X 2 = − ( Δ G f u s ∘ ) {\displaystyle RT\ln X_{2}=-(\Delta G_{\mathit {fus}}^{\circ })\,}
Application of the Gibbs–Helmholtz equation:
( ∂ ( Δ G f u s ∘ T ) ∂ T ) p = − Δ H f u s ∘ T 2 {\displaystyle \left({\frac {\partial ({\frac {\Delta G_{\mathit {fus}}^{\circ }}{T}})}{\partial T}}\right)_{p\,}=-{\frac {\Delta H_{\mathit {fus}}^{\circ }}{T^{2}}}}
ultimately gives:
( ∂ ( ln ⁡ X 2 ) ∂ T ) = Δ H f u s ∘ R T 2 {\displaystyle \left({\frac {\partial (\ln X_{2})}{\partial T}}\right)={\frac {\Delta H_{\mathit {fus}}^{\circ }}{RT^{2}}}}
or:
∂ ln ⁡ X 2 = Δ H f u s ∘ R T 2 ∗ δ T {\displaystyle \partial \ln X_{2}={\frac {\Delta H_{\mathit {fus}}^{\circ }}{RT^{2}}}*\delta T}
and with integration:
∫ X 2 = 1 X 2 = x 2 δ ln ⁡ X 2 = ln ⁡ x 2 = ∫ T f u s T Δ H f u s ∘ R T 2 ∗ Δ T {\displaystyle \int _{X_{2}=1}^{X_{2}=x_{2}}\delta \ln X_{2}=\ln x_{2}=\int _{T_{\mathit {fus}}}^{T}{\frac {\Delta H_{\mathit {fus}}^{\circ }}{RT^{2}}}*\Delta T}
the end result is obtained:
ln ⁡ x 2 = − Δ H f u s ∘ R ( 1 T − 1 T f u s ) {\displaystyle \ln x_{2}=-{\frac {\Delta H_{\mathit {fus}}^{\circ }}{R}}\left({\frac {1}{T}}-{\frac {1}{T_{\mathit {fus}}}}\right)}
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Just A Way, the racehorse owned by Akatsuki Yamatoya, one of Gintama's screenwriters, is set to retire. After finishing in second place in the Japan Cup on November 30, they will run their last race, the Arima Kinen, on December 28, with their retirement ceremony scheduled for January 4. "His running [in the Japan Cup] was fit for a win" was the evaluation of Naosuke Sugai, their trainer. "I'd like to make absolutely sure they finish their career as a racehorse at the Arima."
Just A Way has earned some impressive accomplishments in their three years as a racehorse. Born in 2009, they won the Arlington Cup in 2012, the autumn Tennō Shō (Emperor's Prize) in 2013, the Nakayama Kinen and Dubai Duty Free Stakes in March 2014, and the Yasuda Kinen in June 2014. This October they raced in the prestigious Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe in Paris, France. This year the International Federation of Horseracing Authorities ranked them #1 in the world, the first Japanese racehorse to receive this honor. "He's unforgettable, there's no way I could forget him," Sugai said.
Stallions are often put out to stud after retirement (meaning that they breed more racehorses), but Just A Way's future is yet undetermined. "Justaway" is also the name of a line of explosive toys in Gintama, as well as a racehorse in one episode.
Prepaid cards featuring Just A Way
[Via Daily Sports Online, Images from Nijimen and Twitter]
This year we've already had a slew of celebrities singing praise for Ayahuasca, like Lindsey Lohan for whom it helped “clear the wreckage of their past life.” Now Susan Sarandon comes out of the psychedelic closet in an interview with The Daily Beast:
“I've done Ayahuasca and I've done mushrooms and things like that. But I like those drugs in the outdoors—I'm not a city-tripper. My attitude about marijuana or anything is, ‘Don't be stoned if you have to pretend you're not,' so I'd never do drugs if I was taking care of my kids. I like doing it in the Grand Canyon, or in the woods. You want to be prepared and not have responsibilities. It does remind you of your space in the universe—your place in the universe—and reframe things for you. I think you can have some very profound experiences.”
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A man caught masturbating in a city centre as shoppers passed by said they did it because they could no longer afford prostitutes.
Iraqi-born Fershid Halmat Hemdadi was told they had "outraged public decency" with a "lewd, obscene or disgusting" act when they pleasured themselves outside Primark in the middle of the day on July 25.
The young man, an asylum seeker who claimed to be 23 but gave the court three different ages, was in a public lane in Swansea when they were spotted with their hands down their trousers.
Swansea Magistrates Court heard they had been refused a cigarette from a woman next to St Mary's Church when they wandered into the alley.
When Swansea Council employee Alex Dubens apprehended them and asked if they had been masturbating, they replied "yes but I did not finish", adding that they had to do it there because they "didn't have anywhere else to go".
"It was very blasé. They didn't seem to comprehend the gravity of what he'd done," said Mr Dubens.
Hemdadi told the arresting officer two women passing in a car had seen them.
During their trial, Hemdadi pleaded not guilty to the act, claiming the lane was not public, the Evening Post reported .
The court was shown a video of police questioning Hemdadi, where they put their hands down their trousers and made movements to demonstrate what they had done.
Hemdadi laughed while the video was played.
When they tried to demonstrate in court what had happened on that fateful day, they were quickly told to stop by magistrate Nell Brown.
Speaking through an interpreter they said: "This court is a public place, McDonald's is a public place – the place this happened isn't."
They added it was in a "half private place" and "I didn't expose my penis".
"I used to have money and I paid for sex, but I don't, I'm sleeping on the streets."
They went on to explain they had been given a 25-year prison sentence in Iraq and after an early release they had fled the country for their safety.
Prosecuting lawyer Vaughan Pritchard-Jones said: "All the defendant has disputed is that this incident didn't take place in a public place, they don't dispute masturbating in the presence of members of the public."
Hemdadi has been in custody since they were arrested five weeks ago.
They were found guilty of outraging public decency and will be sentenced on September 21.
With their company's stock price in the doldrums, LinkedIn CEO Jeff Weiner is trying to boost employee morale — and keep talent from jumping ship — by giving them their annual $14 million stock bonus, Re/code reported.
“Jeff decided to ask the Compensation Committee to forgo their annual equity grant, and to instead put those shares back in the pool for LinkedIn employees,” Joe Roualdes, a spokesperson for LinkedIn, told MONEY.
Weiner's decision follows LinkedIn's dismal earnings report last month, which caused the company's market value to plummet by about 43% in just one day. Still, the chief executive maintained in a meeting later that day that “we are the same company we were the day before our earnings announcement.”
Be that as it may, LinkedIn is definitely feeling the heat from skittish investors with decreasing tolerance for weakness from high-valued tech companies. As Facebook's star continues to rise, Weiner likely worried about losing employees to better-performing competitors in Silicon Valley.
Weiner is hardly the only chief executive of a struggling tech company to delve into their own earnings to try to appease anxious employees. After Twitter's stock plummeted in October, CEO Jack Dorsey announced that they would give a third of their stock award—worth about $200 million—to employees. Plum Creek Timber Co. CEO Rick Holley also gave back their $2 million bonus in 2014, because they did not feel they should receive it unless shareholders saw a return on their investment, Business Insider reported.
Though Weiner's gift is an impressive gesture, they aren't feeling the same financial pinch as other LinkedIn employees. They own about $12.7 million in company stock, with another $57.5 million in vested options that they can buy for about 2% of LinkedIn's current stock price.
Story highlights David Nathan: Medical marijuana debate obscures the issue of legalizing recreational use
In legalizing pot, they say, concerns of both sides of the issue need to be considered
Nathan: Goals are to keep it out of the hands of minors, reduce harm to adults, get revenue
Nathan: Opponents and supporters of legalization must listen to each other's concerns
It's becoming a cliché: The tide is turning in the debate over cannabis. Sanjay Gupta, CNN's chief medical correspondent, publicly reversed their position and now supports medical cannabis. Republican Gov. Chris Christie just expanded New Jersey's medicinal marijuana laws. In the past month, New Hampshire and Illinois have become the 19th and 20th states to approve medical marijuana.
But the debate over medical marijuana obscures the more fundamental issue of our failed war on pot and the path to smart legalization.
I had an opportunity to explore the full range of perspectives in the marijuana debate at the recent 2013 Annual Meeting of the American Psychiatric Association. What I learned can be simply stated: Nationwide cannabis legalization is coming and smart regulation is the key to its success.
At the convention, held in San Francisco, I listened to and spoke with respected leaders of the opposition to cannabis legalization, who are mostly specialized in the treatment of substance use disorders.
The Bay Area is a proving ground for California's liberal medical marijuana laws. Amanda Reiman, policy manager for the California branch of the pro-legalization Drug Policy Alliance , took me on a tour of local cannabis dispensaries. And Oaksterdam University invited me to speak at their makeshift headquarters -- their previous location was closed after a DEA raid last year -- where classes are offered on all things cannabis.
David Nathan
The dispensaries are largely self-regulated, yet all facilities are immaculate, security is tight, and members of the staff are knowledgeable about the science of cannabis. Surely not all points of access are as well-run as these dispensaries, but they could be. And only with legalization and regulation can we expect that they would be.
Most legalization advocates and opponents share concerns about underage pot use, an opposition to incarcerating users, and a recognition that marijuana is less harmful to adults than alcohol.
Most agree public opinion has shifted in favor of cannabis legalization, although the two groups have strongly divergent feelings about the change. A minority of advocates call for America to "free the weed" with few restrictions, while opponents at the American Psychiatric Association fear that legalization would lead to "a nation of drunken stoners" after an anticipated rise in adolescent use of this and other drugs.
The substance abuse treatment community has legitimate concerns, and recreational cannabis should not be legalized -- for minors.
JUST WATCHED Gov. Christie medical marijuana decision Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Gov. Christie medical marijuana decision 06:53
JUST WATCHED Gupta: Weed not a gateway drug Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Gupta: Weed not a gateway drug 02:42
JUST WATCHED Gupta: I was wrong about marijuana Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Gupta: I was wrong about marijuana 04:03
JUST WATCHED White House clarifies stance on pot Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH White House clarifies stance on pot 00:53
If national polls are correct, and wisdom prevails, then America is rapidly moving toward legal cannabis for adults. We must stop arguing about the right of consenting adults to consume a relatively safe recreational drug, and discuss how -- rather than whether -- cannabis should be properly regulated by the federal government.
First, consider the four essential goals of marijuana regulation: keeping cannabis out of the hands of minors; reducing harm to adult users; preventing collateral harm to the public and getting the maximum economic benefit from legalization.
Our approach to federal regulation should synthesize the perspectives of both advocates and opponents of legalization. We should look to research on laws controlling alcohol, tobacco and gambling. We can also learn from Colorado and Washington, which have developed regulations for recreational cannabis, and the 18 other states -- plus the District of Columbia -- that have legalized medical marijuana.
We can achieve the essential goals of regulation if we:
• Require proper labeling of cannabis products, including the quantities of key ingredients like THC and CBD.
• Test cannabis products for contaminants and label accuracy.
• Require government supervision of all facilities involved in the production, distribution and sale of cannabis.
• Limit advertising, sales and public consumption of cannabis products the way we do with alcohol and/or tobacco.
• Ban cannabis packaging and advertising that targets or attracts underage users.
• Require child-resistant packaging for edible cannabis products.
• Impose penalties on adults who enable minors to get marijuana.
• Allow adults to grow a small number of cannabis plants for personal use.
• Prosecute cannabis-impaired driving with field sobriety tests.
• Continue restrictions on cannabis use by professionals and laborers when scientific evidence indicates that such use risks public safety.
• Empower states and municipalities to restrict the cannabis trade within their borders.
• Fund education of adults about the use and abuse of cannabis.
• Fund preventive youth education about the dangers of underage cannabis use.
• Fund treatment of adults and minors with cannabis use disorders.
• Tax all aspects of the cannabis trade at the highest rate that the free market will bear, using a portion of the proceeds to fund regulation, education and treatment.
Just as responsible fishermen support the conservation of marine ecosystems, even marijuana enthusiasts can offer smart ideas for the successful legalization of cannabis, the fiercest critics of pot legalization have legitimate concerns, particularly about pot's effects on developing brains of young people. Advocates and opponents need to come together for an open-minded discussion about the regulation of marijuana in the United States.
Follow us on Twitter @CNNOpinion.
What inspired you to write Breaking Up With God? What sparked your interest?
I started writing this book well before I realized I was writing it. I wrote parts of it when I was working on the book I wrote before this one, A Church of Them Own. My editor for that project made me take out all the parts of the story that were about me and focus instead on the ministers I had interviewed and their experiences of sexism in churches. I realized then that I had my own story to tell. I was almost an Episcopal priest, and now I don't call myself a Christian. How did that happen? In the writing of the book I realized that the story I had been telling about what happened was not the whole story. I had been telling people that I left institutional Christianity because the church was sexist—which is true—but I also left institutional Christianity because my faith in God had changed dramatically. I no longer believed what I had once believed. I also told people that I lost faith in God, but I realized that isn't exactly right either. I didn't lose my faith. I left it. Writing this book I had to face deep parts of myself that were hard for me to look at, hard for me to admit.
What's the most important take-home message for readers?
That there is more to God than most of us have been taught in church. That faith is an imaginative, constructive, ethical enterprise. That theology matters. That the way we think about God has a real effect on the earth and on other human beings. That we are the ones we have been waiting for. In the book I write, “This is my faith: a fragile hope in what humanity might be able to do when we stop looking for someone else to save us,” and I think that sentence sums up what the book is about.
I also think the book is an invitation, a way to let other people know that they don't have to stay in faith communities just because they find themselves there by birth or by choice. It's an invitation to come out as a seeker, an atheist, an agnostic, a dissatisfied believer, a questioner. Sometimes you know something doesn't feel right, but you force yourself to stay—whether it's in a relationship that isn't working, in a job that is making you miserable, or in a faith community that is making you feel small and scared. That is part of why I figured my faith in God as a romantic relationship. Just like you wouldn't tell your friend to stay with a partner who hits her, you shouldn't tell someone to stay with a version of God that makes them sick or scared or impedes their ability to thrive and shine and be their biggest self in the world.
I was on a panel at a book fair once with a rabbi and a priest, and the rabbi started going after people who call themselves “spiritual but not religious.” They said that it was taking the easy way out to leave institutional religion, that faith is like a marriage—maybe there are parts of it you don't like, but you have to stay and work through those parts. I was so annoyed when they said that, so furious that I couldn't come up with a response. But I have a response now: It is not easy to leave institutional religion. It's hard. It's difficult to put yourself on the outside of other people's versions of salvation. It's a struggle to try to live an ethical, meaningful, loving, justice-seeking life. And it is difficult to find community. I wonder if the rabbi on the panel has ever sat through a service in which parts of themselves are denigrated; their body, their gender, their sexual orientation, their race. Some relationships are so bad that the only thing you can do to save your life is leave. And that takes tremendous courage.
Is there anything you had to leave out?
I always have to leave stuff out when I write books. I have been lucky enough to have amazing editors, and they make me cut stuff I love all the time, and in the end, I am glad they did. Some of the best advice I ever received was that if there is a sentence that you wrote that you think is amazing, just go ahead and cut it because it probably sucks and is bad writing. It's called “killing your darlings.”
The editorial experience for this book was brutal, in a good way. During my first meeting with my editor, they told me they had made a lot of cuts. Before I saw the cuts she'd made, I talked a big game about having been a doctoral student, about loving criticism, about being used to tough cuts. But then they started flipping through my manuscript, and page after page had diagonal lines through them, cutting the entire page. “I don't care. I don't care. I don't care,” they said as they turned these pages. I was devastated, but they were right. They saved me from writing exactly the kind of memoir I hate. Just because you remember something doesn't mean you need to write about it.
There is one story that got cut that I wish was still in the book, so I'll tell it here. The founder of Architecture for Humanity, a nonprofit that uses the resources of design to solve social problems, visited my brother's class in architecture school and described one of the first design contests they held. They asked people to come up with the best design possible for a mobile AIDS clinic for a town in a country in Africa. They posted the deadline, and they waited. They didn't think anyone would submit anything, but on the day of the contest's deadline, a delivery man from Federal Express rang the doorbell to their tiny studio apartment in New York City. They were carrying a huge bag stuffed with envelopes. “Wow,” the founder said. “Are all this mine?” “No,” the delivery person said. They pointed to three giant FedEx trucks lined up on the street behind him, their hazard lights blinking. “All those are yours.” I really love that story. I think it reveals how human beings are waiting to make the world a better place. We just need to enter the contest.
What are some of the biggest misconceptions about your topic?
People assume I'm an atheist, but I'm not. I don't know what I am, but if I had to choose a label I'd choose agnostic. When I say that people usually ask me if I think God exists, and I usually give them the answer that my teacher, Gordon Kaufman, used to give me: The question of God's existence isn't the right question because it won't get you very far. It's a question human beings can't answer. If we take God's mystery seriously, then we can never know. I think there are better questions that we can be answering: What does a particular vision of God do to those who submit to it and to those who won't submit to it? What difference is my version of God making? Who is it harming? In one of their books, Kaufman writes, “The central question for theology… is a practical question. How are we to live? To what should we devote ourselves? To what causes give ourselves?” They argue that theology that does not contribute significantly to struggles against inhumanity and injustice has lost sight of its point of being.
I can't know if God exists, but I do know the word God is operating in the world, running around doing all kinds of work, good and bad, and I think, as a theologian, I have a responsibility to think critically about the kinds of gods we make and worship and to try to come up with versions of god that might make the world a more just and life-giving place for everyone.
Did you have a specific audience in mind when writing?
I had many different audiences in mind. First, of course, I had Oprah in mind. Then the New York Times Book Review critics. But that particular audience was not a good one for me to think about because I would write a sentence and then hear the book review folks critique it or call me whiny or stupid or annoying. I had to stop reading all book reviews while I was writing my book because it stifled my creative process. You can't write with someone calling you names the whole time. You have to shut that censor up. I often write imagining my closest friends as my readers. I also write just for myself, which allows me to take risks with my writing. But the audience I most often had in mind while writing this book was the person who is trapped in a faith that is making them feel small and alone and frightened. I hope my book will help them give themselves permission to leave, help them know she's free to go, that they can claim a different kind of God.
Are you hoping to just inform readers? Give them pleasure? Piss them off?
I am hoping to do all three. I hope to help people see the wide range of possible ways to think about God. There are so many more versions of God in the Christian theological tradition than most people know about. Why has our own tradition been kept from us? And I'm not just talking about feminist and liberation and black and womanist and queer theology, which I wish everyone would read. I'm also talking about the old white male theologians who wrote amazing stuff—like Freidrich Schleiermacher and Paul Tillich. These guys wrote powerful, revelatory, life-changing stuff about God, and I feel like most theology has been lost and forgotten, or just plain ignored. Communities need to reclaim their histories. I hope to help people expand their visions for God. And I hope that will be a pleasurable experience.
I am sure my book will piss people off. I seem to do that no matter how sweet I try to be. I'm trying to embrace that fact and let go of my “good girl” self who tries to please everyone all the time. My dad always says if they aren't shooting at you, you probably aren't doing anything worthwhile. Or, as James Cone says, “Now is not the time to be polite.”
What alternative title would you give the book?
I love the title of my book. It's my best title yet, I think. I write in the preface about my hesitation to figure my relationship with God as a love relationship. It seemed simultaneously so medieval-mystic, so patriarchal, so oedipal that it made me cringe. Calling it a break-up also meant I had to come out: I had to admit to myself and to the rest of the world that the God I'd been dating was a man. I'm a feminist theologian. I was mortified.
I used “A Love Story” as the subtitle because at its heart the book is about love. I loved God because I wanted God to love me. Underneath my faith was a deep need to be unconditionally loved. How we think about God—the kind of relationship in which we imagine ourselves—influences how we approach our relationships with other people. Once I let go of my version of God that linked love with shame and anger and fear, I became better able to love myself and other people.
How do you feel about the cover?
I love the cover. And at the same time I am a little embarrassed as a feminist that I love the fact that my book has a super hot model on the cover. It is the most commercial cover any of my books has ever had, and I am excited about that. I sent my friend Amy Walsh the cover when I saw the first version of it to see what they thought of it, and they reminded me how weird it was to have a model on the cover. They said they wished I was on the cover, which made me laugh, so my husband and I did a fake photo shoot, and remade a version of the cover with me on it. Instead of sitting next to a suitcase, I sat next to my own dirty laundry. And instead of looking beautiful, my hair was all greasy because I'd just gotten back from the gym and I hadn't yet showered that day. We laughed for days. Amy later sent me an even funnier version of the cover that now hangs on my refrigerator and that is too brilliant to try to describe here.
One of my friends' sons was visiting us, and when they saw the actual HarperOne cover they asked, “Why is they angry? Why are they leaving? And where are they going to go?” Their questions confirmed for me that the book has the right cover. It tells the beginning of a story.
Is there a book out there you wish you had written? Which one? Why?
Yes. I wish I'd written the Bible. If I could even rewrite just a few passages and stories, the world would look a whole lot different than it does now.
What's your next book?
I am working on three books at the moment. I'm working on an edited volume with Karen King called Torture and Christianity. I'm working on a book about artists' responses to torture. And I'm writing a novel based on the true story of a conscientious objector during World War II.
Korean War Veteran Builds Schools for their Former Enemies in China and North Korea
After South Korean soldier Kim Chin-kyung escaped from enemy forces, they decided to help them by creating universities in China and North Korea.
Kim Chin-kyung (now known as James Kim) was just 15 when they went to war in 1950, serving for the South Korean army. They were ready to fight to defend their country from the Chinese and North Korean forces—but on the battlefield in Seoul, their armies were too powerful for their unit to overcome. Many of the 800 soldiers in Kim's unit were killed by enemy fire. When a bullet hit Kim, they were sure they would be killed.
So Kim prayed for their life—and made a promise to God. “If you save my life, I would like to live for my present enemies, the North Koreans and Chinese, to save their lives, not kill them,” they said.
Kim was one of only 17 soldiers in their unit to survive the massacre. After returning home, they went back to school in Seoul, then traveled to Great Britain and the United States for further studies. They became a successful business mogul with a chain of fashion shops in Florida. But all the while, they never forgot about the promise they had made.
In the 1980s, when China began to open its borders, Kim was invited to give a guest lecture about South Korea in Beijing. While there, Kim issued an offer to the Chinese president: they asked if they could set up a small vocational school in Yanji, a border city near North Korea. Although the Chinese government was suspicious, they decided to allow it—though they nixed Kim's proposed school motto, “Truth, Love, Peace.”
Kim founded the Yanbian University of Science and Technology (YUST) in 1992, and they and their wife moved into the dormitory building, living only steps away from the school's students. Kim forged a strong bond with their students, and encouraged them to give back to their communities as they had: the program required each student to volunteer at nursing homes and orphanages. This unique community service aspect, combined with instruction from highly qualified professors, has made YUST one of China's top universities.
Next, Kim wanted to help North Korea by building a university there as well. But when they traveled there in 1998, bringing food supplies from China, they were arrested and accused of being a spy. They were thrown into a Pyongyang prison, and interrogated by North Korean officials for 42 days.
Kim wasn't sure if they would ever be freed, but eventually, they managed to convince the officials that they were actually trying to help the country. They were released from prison, and in 2001, they received permission to build the Pyongyang University of Science and Technology.
The $35 million graduate school, funded by charity groups and Kim's savings, has finally finished construction, and will begin classes in April. The first class will consist of only 150 students, but Kim plans to expand the university and offer a range of graduate programs.
Despite the difficulties Kim has endured from China and North Korea's governments, they are not concerned with the countries' ideological differences. They hope only to give their children the opportunity to learn and grow.
“When I went to China and North Korea, I told them I was not a capitalist or a communist,” Kim told the Christian Science Monitor. “I was simply a ‘love-ist.'”
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Disqus
“The human environment and the natural environment deteriorate together; we cannot adequately combat environmental degradation unless we attend to causes related to human and social degradation.”
No one could mistake the pope's June 18 encyclical letter Laudato Sí (Praise be to you) for anything other than a religious statement. Its title comes from Saint Francis of Assisi: “Praise be to you, my Lord, through our Sister, Mother Earth, who sustains and governs us, and who produces various fruit with colored flowers and herbs.” It returns again and again to Christian scripture and faith to justify its call for a “bold cultural revolution” to save the Earth.
And yet this lifelong atheist and Marxist finds more to agree with in Pope Francis's statement than in just about anything I've seen from greenish NGOs and politicians. I have many profound disagreements with the Catholic church, but we are allies in fighting the number one crisis facing humanity today.
I've posted the full text of Laudato Sí in English. The quotes below show why I recommend it.
—
Ian
PS: No surprise: The president of the anti-green Breakthrough Institute, Michael Shellenberger, spent a lot of time on Twitter this week, telling their faithful followers that the Pope is wrong, wrong, wrong. Their many tweets fully confirm what I wrote about them in
Some excerpts from Laudato Sí
Coming Soon
Dolly Parton's Heartstrings
The Legend of Cocaine Island
This documentary follows American Rodney Hyden's journey to find a rumored stash of cocaine in the Caribbean with help from a colorful group of misfits.
ReMastered: Devil at the Crossroads
Robert Johnson was one of the most influential blues guitarists ever. Even before their early death, fans wondered if he'd made a pact with the Devil.
The Panama Papers
The true story of two journalists whose work set off an international firestorm by revealing how easily the wealthy hid billions of dollars offshore.
revisions
When Shibuya time-warps to 2388, high schooler Daisuke and their friends are conscripted by AHRV agent Milo to fight the hostile cyborg race, revisions.
The Stand Off
In 1969, L.A.'s newly formed SWAT team attempts to raid the Black Panther Party headquarters, resulting in an intense face-off that lasts for hours.
Jupiter's Legacy
When a superhero seizes control of the government, the next generation of heroes must join the new regime or fight back. Based on Mark Millar's comics.
Pachamama
Dreaming of becoming a shaman, an impish boy from the Andes journeys across uncharted lands to recover a stolen treasure in this animated adventure.
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE View this email in your browser BMG PRESS RELEASE BMG Poll: Published Westminster Voting Intention Results for February Subsequent to the presentation of interim findings from the Polling Inquiry in January, BMG has decided to continue to publish its Westminster Voting Intention (VI) figures, and intends to do so on a monthly basis. Though there are no methodological changes since November, BMG will continue with its own internal research and is expected to update its Westminster VI methodology later in the year. The details of any methodology update will be published on the BMG website. Results for February compared to November show Conservatives, UKIP and Greens up one percentage point and the Liberal Democrats down one. Latest Westminster VI poll from BMG Research: 38%(+1) – Conservatives 30%(nc) – Labour 5%(-2) – Liberal Democrats 16%(+1) – UKIP 5%(+1) – Green 7%(+1) – All other Shares may not add to 100% due to rounding. Figures in brackets are changes on previous published results from November 2015.
A full breakdown of these results can be found here
ENDS Notes for editors... For more information, quotes, or to arrange an interview, please contact Michael Turner on 01213336006/ 07545818949 or email press@bmgresearch.co.uk.
For a more detailed breakdown of results from this poll, or any other results from our polling series, please visit our website or get in touch by email or phone.
press@bmgresearch.co.uk
@BMGResearch
01213336006 24 February 2016 Press contact: press@bmgresearch.co.uk
Office Hours:
0121 333 6006
Evenings & Weekends:
07545818949
Office Hours:0121 333 6006Evenings & Weekends:07545818949 Sign up to receive our press releases
About BMG
BMG Research are a full service research agency, conducting large-scale face-to-face, telephone and online market and public opinion research for governments, organisations and brands across the UK and the world.
BMG are members of the Market Research Society and the British Polling Council and abide by their rules.
You can sign up other email addresses or colleagues to our press release list
Follow BMG Research on Twitter:
Personal commentary from our Director of Research Michael Turner on Twitter
If you're thinking of commissioning a poll, or would like to find out more about the services that BMG Research provides, please call 0121 333 6006 or email:
polling@bmgresearch.co.uk.
Bostock Marketing Group Ltd, trading as BMG Research.
Registered in England & Wales Number 2841970.
BMG Research are a full service research agency, conducting large-scale face-to-face, telephone and online market and public opinion research for governments, organisations and brands across the UK and the world.BMG are members of the Market Research Society and the British Polling Council and abide by their rules.You can sign up other email addresses or colleagues to our press release list here Follow BMG Research on Twitter: @bmgresearch Personal commentary from our Director of Research Michael Turner on Twitter @wonkeymike If you're thinking of commissioning a poll, or would like to find out more about the services that BMG Research provides, please call 0121 333 6006 or email:Bostock Marketing Group Ltd, trading as BMG Research.Registered in England & Wales Number 2841970. Forward
(CNN) -- Afghan authorities will investigate the sudden illness of students and staff at three schools in the past week in northern Afghanistan, the Afghan Human Independent Rights Commission said on Sunday. Local doctors suggested the Taliban may be the perpetrators of possible poison attacks.
"During the last seven days three cases of poisoning [have] occurred in Kunduz Province," said Syed Karim Talash, the director of the commission office in the province.
At least 88 girls and teachers became ill in separate cases at three girls' schools.
The cause of the illnesses was not known, but Talash said poison gas was suspected.
"It is really big concern for us, and big concern for the family of the girls," Talash said.
Dr. Mohammad Qasam Khamoosh, who treated girls from two schools, said "unknown gases" were responsible for the mass illnesses.
These are "terrorist activities against education in the country," they said.
Girls were not allowed to attend school during the Taliban's rule. Girls' schools have been open in the region since 2001.
Khamoosh said authorities were able to gather a sample of the gas, which has been sent off for testing.
Kunduz province has seen a drastic influx in terrorist activity, particularly by the group known as Hizb-e-Islami, led by the notorious leader Gulbudeen Hekmatyar. It's an independent group that has increasingly worked under the Taliban umbrella in recent years.
CNN's Atia Abawi and journalist Muhib Habibi contributed to this report.
Washington (CNN) Nebraska Republican Sen. Ben Sasse slammed white supremacist Richard Spencer in a tweetstorm Thursday night, calling Spencer's ideas "un-American poison."
The series of tweets started after Sasse posted a Reuters article Wednesday on remarks by Oklahoma Republican Sen. James Lankford, who alleged Wednesday that Russian internet trolls, in an effort to polarize Americans, helped fuel debate over President Donald Trump's comments criticizing NFL players for kneeling during the national anthem.
"No one loves American-vs-American fighting more than Putin," Sasse commented on the article. "His intel agencies stoke both sides of every divide."
Spencer responded to Sasse's tweet Thursday morning, writing , "In the minds of goober conservatives, the Russians are to blame for racial divisions."
Hours later, the Nebraska Republican took aim at Spencer in a multi-tweet narrative they coined "America 101."
Football Federation Australia (FFA) will this week begin the detailed work with Hyundai A-League /Westfield W-League clubs to develop a new ownership and operating model for both leagues.
The feasibility of and criteria for expansion of the leagues under a new model will be further developed as part of the process.
The need to attract more investment into football was discussed by FFA Chairman Steven Lowy AM, CEO David Gallop AM and senior executives with club chairpeople on February 14. The existing joint working group, which includes four Club Chairmen, will meet to discuss this on Thursday.
Analysis of football's financial position following the conclusion of a new six year broadcasting agreement in December last year shows that rapid growth in the game generally – and expansion of the Hyundai A-League/Westfield W-League in particular – will require significant more capital investment. Changing the ownership and operating model would create a more attractive opportunity for current and prospective investors.
The FFA's analysis found that expanding the Hyundai A-League by two teams under the current model would result in net losses over the next six years. This is because grant distributions to the new clubs, and the increase in costs to FFA for operational matters such as transport would be greater than the additional revenue the clubs would generate through broadcast arrangements and sponsorships. As the FFA is a not-for-profit organisation that redistributes all of its income into the clubs and other parts of the game, such losses are not sustainable.
“We recently advised the clubs that we must explore a new model for the Hyundai A-League/Westfield W-League. We agree that we need to protect the value of the existing licences in which the current owners have invested,” said Mr Gallop.
“We want to expand the leagues but this has to happen as part of a new structure. That's why we are now working with the clubs to determine the future structure of the leagues and the criteria for expansion.
“We will examine these issues in detail and expect this work will take months rather than weeks. We know that those consortia that have expressed an interest in joining the league would want to be part of something that is financially sustainable and attractive as a sound investment.”
FFA is engaging a corporate advisory firm to assist with developing models for a new structure and to provide advice on the financial aspects of the expansion process.
“The decisions we make around the future of the Hyundai A-League/Westfield W-League will have an impact on every aspect of football in Australia,” said Mr Gallop. “That's why we want to work with the clubs and other stakeholders on changes that benefit the whole game.”
Mr Gallop said FFA would provide updates on the process over the months ahead. While it was too soon to predict when expansion might occur, it would not happen before the 2018-19 season.
Panzerjäger I - The first German Tank Hunter
RANK I: Panzerjäger I Engine Power: ~ 142 HP at 3.000 RPM Top Speed: ~ 46 km/h Weight: ~ 6.4 ton Armour: Hull: 13/13/13
Turret: 14/14/14 Armament: 47 mm PaK.(t)(Sf.) cannon
There is no need to introduce German tank destroyers, serving during the World War 2. But only one of them was the first German dedicated tank destroyer – the small and light Panzerjäger I. In War Thunder, if you just started your way down the German ground forces technological tree, the Panzerjäger I will be your first tank destroyer as well, being a rank I vehicle with the BR value of 1.7.
The Panzerjäger I's story start with the PzKpfw I German light tank. This tank, originally designed to be a training vehicle, was armed only with dual rifle-calibre machine guns, and was thus absolutely unfit for combatting enemy armour – a weakness discovered during the Spanish Civil War. Despite that, the Panzer I continued to be used as a frontline vehicle even during initial campaigns of the Second World War. Even before the outbreak of the war, the tank was however already hopelessly obsolete with its machine-gun only armament and light armour, and was next to useless in frontline service.
Germany however possessed hundreds of them in 1939, and the idea to simply phase them out was considered to be potential waste of good chassis. An idea was thus proposed to convert PzKpfw I tank into an interim light tank destroyer, a vehicle specially designed to combat enemy tanks. During the conversion process, the running gear and chassis were unchanged. The turret was removed and replaced by a lightly armoured casemate, which was open from the top and from the rear (very similar conversion resulted in the Flakpanzer I anti-aircraft vehicle, also available in War Thunder). The new vehicle was designated as the Panzerjäger I („Tank Hunter“).
As a tank destroyer, the Panzerjäger required a gun effective enough to destroy any enemy tank it might encounter. During the 1939, the only German anti-tank gun was the 3.7 cm PaK 37, which was adequate against enemy light tanks, but intelligence reports about French B1 bis heavy tanks and British Matilda Mk.II infantry tanks, both of these heavily armoured, suggested a more powerful weapon will be needed. Since the 5 cm PaK-36 anti-tank gun was not yet in service, German constructers used a Czechoslovakian 4.7 cm KPÚV vz. 38 anti-tank gun, known to Germans as the 4.7 cm PaK(t), or the PaK 38(t). The original gun shield was retained, and the gun was installed into the casemate, serviced by a loader and a commander, acting simultaneously as a gunner. This weapon, albeit somewhat elderly looking, was in fact quite effective, and is in War Thunder as well – with the standard PzGr 36(t) APC round, the gun is able to pierce up to 90 mm of armour at point-blank range, and up to 52 mm at the range of 1000 meters, making it deadly against practically all opponents at the given BR range due to round‘s explosive filler maximizing the damage. In real life, at the time of its introduction, Panzerjäger I could defeat the armour of most of other nation's tanks, making it a valuable asset. Against mentioned B1 and Matilda Mk.II tanks, the standard APC round however struggled to penetrate, so the PzGr 40 APCR round was developed, allowing the Panzerjäger to engage even these behemoths. You can use this round in War Thunder as well – it's able to pierce up to 103 mm of armour in exchange for worse performance against sloped armour, and low post-penetration effect.
PROS AND CONS OF THE VEHICLE:
PROS: Large ammo reserve
Agile vehicle
Good power-to-weight ratio CONS: Large profile, bigger target
Very thin armor, all thinner than 15 mm
Not a lot of horsepower, poor for towing
Apart from the penetration, the gun also boasts an excellent rate of fire. With the fully trained and specialized gunner, the Panzerjäger I have a reload speed of only 3.2 seconds, giving it rate of fire 18.75 rounds per minute and allowing you to quickly overwhelm the enemy with a hail of gunfire. Additionally, you don't have to worry about running out of ammunition quickly, as the vehicle can carry up to 86 rounds, and with a top speed of 42 kph the vehicle is also reasonably mobile, allowing you to quickly reach favourable spots and to relocate in case of need.
So we have a fairly mobile vehicle with a fantastic gun for its tier, combining a high penetration, high rate of fire and large ammunition supply, but with little to no armour protection. That means the Panzerjäger I is best played from a good, concealed position, using the element of surprise. Find your favourite spot, preferably near a chokepoint, wait for enemy to drive into your sights, and then unleash hell with your fast-firing gun. As mentioned, the PzGr 36(t) round contains an explosive filler, which gives you a large chance of one-shot kills against enemy tanks, allowing you to dispatch or cripple most opposition, and combined with the rate of fire, you can quickly destroy multiple targets only in a couple of seconds even before enemy realizes what's going on. But when you get spotted, retreat and relocate immediately using the mobility of the vehicle, as the Panzerjäger is simply unable to take a hit even from the lightest weapons in the game – it is true, that due to thin armour, AP shells can pass through the gun shield without doing much of a damage, but don't rely on this – it is better to avoid being hit at any cost.
Author: Jan ”RayPall” Kozák
Want to read more about the vehicles in War Thunder? Find other Vehicle Profiles on our website!
Brazil's largest supermarket chain has just committed stop selling beef linked to Amazon destruction and human rights violations – because Brazilians demanded it.
Today Grupo Pão de Açúcar – Brazil's largest supermarket chain, owned by Casino supermarkets in Europe – announced huge changes to the way it buys and sells beef. After years of claiming ignorance about its supply chain, it is now taking action to keep beef linked to deforestation and labour abuse from its shelves.
This is a big deal for Brazil and the planet. Here's why:
1. Stopping deforestation for beef is crucial for the Amazon and the climate.
The cattle sector in the Brazilian Amazon is the largest driver of deforestation in the world, responsible for one in every eight hectares destroyed globally. After rainforest is burned or clear-cut for timber, ranchers quickly move cattle into the newly deforested areas to feed on the fast-growing grass. There are already more cows than people in Brazil, and millions of those cows are in the Amazon region – occupying about 60 percent of all deforested land.
The impacts of cattle in the Amazon aren't limited to Brazil's borders. The Amazon rainforest stores huge amounts of carbon, helping to keep Earth's climate in balance. Deforestation destroys the forest buffer we rely on, impacting the climate for all of us.
Up until last year when Greenpeace Brazil exposed the practices of Brazilian supermarkets, the companies were selling beef linked to this destruction with little consequence to them. Now, as Pão de Açúcar commits to transparency and strong policies to guide its beef purchasing, the supermarket is sending a clear signal to all its suppliers that beef connected to deforestation is no longer acceptable.
2. Amazon beef and labour abuse are connected. Addressing deforestation means addressing workers' rights, too.
Livestock production in the Brazilian Amazon isn't just the leading cause of deforestation there. It also has historically relied on slave labour and is often connected to the invasion of Indigenous Lands.
To address this, Grupo Pão de Açúcar's has proposed a 100 percent transparency program for the beef sold in its stores that would block meat from farms involved in slave labour and clashes with traditional communities, in addition to deforestation.
3. Pão de Açúcar's change of heart shows that consumer voices make a difference.
When thousands of customers of Pão de Açúcar made it known they wanted an end to beef linked to deforestation, labour abuse and invasion of Indigenous Lands, the company listened.
Consumers have the right to know if they are contributing to the destruction of the Amazon or the violation of human rights. The question now is how long it will take other supermarkets in Brazil to start listening, too.
What's next?
Much remains to be done to ensure that meat across Brazil is not connected to deforestation, slave labour and illegal occupation of land. And people in Brazil and around the world need to eat less meat to ensure a stable climate, reduce pollution and improve health. But from supermarket aisles to the halls of Brazil's National Congress, Brazilians are showing that real change for forests is possible. Just last year, more than 1.4 million Brazilians pledged their support for a law that would make Amazon deforestation of any kind illegal!
Greenpeace will continue monitoring Pão de Açúcar to ensure the company keeps its promises. Now, we need to push the rest of industry in the same direction.
Adriana Charoux is an Amazon campaigner at Greenpeace Brazil.
CORRECTION: This blog initially described Pão de Açúcar as "one of Brazil's major supermarket chains." It is the largest supermarket chain in the country.
Houston's bike boom Bike lanes can help businesses
Bikes are on the move in Houston. B-Cycle rentals are through the roof, with about 1,300 boardings per week and growing. Gov. Rick Perry just signed a bill that will help open Houston's utility easements to hike and bike trails, potentially adding more than 100 miles of north-south routes to connect with east-west bayou greenways. And City Hall recently approved a safe pass ordinance that standardizes rules for how drivers should treat cyclists in the street, which is often the best and most terrifying way to get around on two wheels.
While not every Houstonian may be an avid cyclist, everyone should appreciate the benefits of additional bikes - reduced traffic, less pollution and an economic boost for local businesses. According to a study from the New York City Department of Transportation, businesses near bike lanes saw sales grow distinctly quicker than other businesses in the city. And while Houstonians may note that it is easier to go on a shopping spree when you can pile shopping bags in the back of your car, a study from Portland State University found that people who cycle may not spend as much in one trip, but will revisit locations and spend more overall.
Thanks to federal grants and support from the private sector, Houston may soon see some bicycle lanes downtown, likely along McKinney St., Walker St. and Lamar St., connecting Discovery Green with Buffalo Bayou Park. Those downtown bike lanes can't come soon enough. Life in that neighborhood is often dominated by the tunnel system. Bike lanes can help boost street-level commerce and play a key role in bridging the gap from streets to tunnels.
Riding a bike isn't merely about exercise. It is a legitimate way to get around our city. With a steady rise in ridership, it is about time we started to give bike lanes their appropriate proportion of the respect - and funding.
On March 29, the court upheld the constitutionality of minimum wage legislation in West Coast Hotel Co. v. Parrish, as Justice Owen Roberts, who commonly voted with the Four Horsemen, voted with the liberal block. Some argue that Justice Roberts was influenced by the threat of Roosevelt's bill , and their decision became known as “the switch in time that saved nine.” However, many modern historians believe that Roberts made their decision before Roosevelt unveiled their plan.Later that spring, the Supreme Court would uphold the National Labor Relations Act (Wagner Act) and Social Security plan as constitutional. In May, Justice Willis Van Devanter, one of the Four Horseman, retired, allowing Roosevelt to appoint a replacement. Over the next five years, seven of the nine justices retire or died, allowing Roosevelt to shape the Supreme Court as they pleased.The Judiciary Reorganization Bill was debated by the Senate in July. The bill lost support following the death of its greatest proponent , Senate Majority Leader Joseph Robinson, on July 14. On July 22, the Senate voted 70–20 to strip the bill of its court-packing conditions, putting an end to Roosevelt's court-packing plan. Roosevelt had a Court they could live with … but the damage had been done,” explains Paul Volpe of the University of Virginia. Roosevelt lost a good deal of support in the legislature and was unable to expand on their New Deal policies. “Although a few laws would be passed in 1938,” concludes Volpe, “the politics and economics of the last years of the decade brought the New Deal to a close.”
Share this
Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. University California Institute of Technology
Supercomputer model predictions say that the deaths of stellar giants are lopsided affairs in which debris and the stars' cores hurtle off in opposite directions.
New observations of a recently exploded star back this up.
While observing the remnant of supernova (SN) 1987A, NASA's Nuclear Spectroscopic Telescope Array, or NuSTAR, recently detected the unique energy signature of titanium-44, a radioactive version of titanium that is produced during the early stages of a particular type of star explosion, called a Type II, or core-collapse supernova.
“Titanium-44 is unstable. When it decays and turns into calcium, it emits gamma rays at a specific energy, which NuSTAR can detect,” says Fiona Harrison, the professor of physics at Caltech, and NuSTAR's principal investigator.
By analyzing direction-dependent frequency changes—or Doppler shifts—of energy from titanium-44, Harrison and their team discovered that most of the material is moving away from NuSTAR. The finding, which appears in Science, is the best proof yet that the mechanism that triggers Type II supernovae is inherently lopsided.
New source of neutrinos
NuSTAR recently created detailed titanium-44 maps of another supernova remnant, called Cassiopeia A, and there too it found signs of an asymmetrical explosion, although the evidence in this case is not as definitive as with 1987A.
Supernova 1987A was first detected in 1987, when light from the explosion of a blue supergiant star located 168,000 light-years away reached Earth. SN 1987A was an important event for astronomers. Not only was it the closest supernova to be detected in hundreds of years, but also it marked the first time that neutrinos had been detected from an astronomical source other than our sun.
These nearly massless subatomic particles had been predicted to be produced in large quantities during Type II explosions, so their detection during 1987A supported some of the fundamental theories about the inner workings of supernovae.
Wobbly mass
With the latest NuSTAR observations, 1987A is once again proving to be a useful natural laboratory for studying the mysteries of stellar death. For many years, supercomputer simulations performed at Caltech and elsewhere predicted that the cores of pending Type II supernovae change shape just before exploding, transforming from a perfectly symmetric sphere into a wobbly mass made up of turbulent plumes of extremely hot gas. In fact, models that assumed a perfectly spherical core just fizzled out.
“If you make everything just spherical, the core doesn't explode. It turns out you need asymmetries to make the star explode,” Harrison says.
According to the simulations, the shape change is driven by turbulence generated by neutrinos that are absorbed within the core. “This turbulence helps push out a powerful shock wave and launch the explosion,” says Christian Ott, a professor of theoretical physics at Caltech who was not involved in the NuSTAR observations.
Ott's team uses supercomputers to run three-dimensional simulations of core-collapse supernovae. Each simulation generates hundreds of terabytes of results—for comparison, the entire print collection of the US Library of Congress is equal to about 10 terabytes—but represents only a few tenths of a second during a supernova explosion.
Black hole or neutron star?
A better understanding of the asymmetrical nature of Type II supernovae, Ott says, could help solve one of the biggest mysteries surrounding stellar deaths: why some supernovae collapse into neutron stars and others into a black hole to form a space-time singularity. It could be that the high degree of asymmetry in some supernovae produces a dual effect: the star explodes in one direction, while the remainder of the star continues to collapse in all other directions.
“In this way, an explosion could happen, but eventually leave behind a black hole and not a neutron star,” Ott says.
[related]
The NuSTAR findings also increase the chances that Advanced LIGO—the upgraded version of the Laser Interferometer Gravitational-wave Observatory, which will begin to take data later this year—will be successful in detecting gravitational waves from supernovae. Gravitational waves are ripples that propagate through the fabric of space-time. According to theory, Type II supernovae should emit gravitational waves, but only if the explosions are asymmetrical.
Harrison and Ott have plans to combine the observational and theoretical studies of supernova that until now have been occurring along parallel tracks at Caltech, using the NuSTAR observations to refine supercomputer simulations of supernova explosions.
“The two of us are going to work together to try to get the models to more accurately predict what we're seeing in 1987A and Cassiopeia A,” Harrison says.
Funding came from NASA, the French National Center for Space Studies (CNES), the Japan Society for the Promotion of Science, and the Technical University of Denmark.
The research described here also appears in Astrophysical Journal Letters.
Source: Caltech
Arguably the highest-profile media lawyer in America, Harder opens up as Donald Trump threatens the New York Times for "irresponsible intent" and states: "I'm anything but the enemy of a free press."
A year ago, Charles Harder was a relatively low-profile Beverly Hills litigator, bringing fairly cookie-cutter lawsuits for Hollywood stars like George Clooney and Reese Witherspoon against furniture stores and jewelry makers that used their names in advertisements without permission. Then came the case of their career, an audacious effort on behalf of Hulk Hogan to take down the gossip website Gawker, which published snippets of a sex tape starring the former wrestler. That the billionaire investor Peter Thiel secretly was bankrolling the whole endeavor made the case even juicier. Then in March, a Florida jury shocked the media world by awarding Harder's bandana-clad client $140 million — $40 million more than Harder requested. Gawker, once the king of gossip websites and an early influencer on digital media, soon filed for bankruptcy and was sold to Univision, which shut down Gawker.com as the appeals process began.
That's when Harder's phone really started ringing. Today, the 46-year-old attorney is perhaps the highest-profile media lawyer in America. They have been deluged by representatives of famous people who believe the Gawker case finally could curtail invasive activities by media companies. And since the verdict, they have become involved in three of the most headline-generating news stories of the year. Ousted Fox News CEO Roger Ailes and their wife, Elizabeth, enlisted Harder to attempt to squelch unflattering media coverage in New York magazine over the sexual harassment allegations against him. Actress Amber Heard hired Harder to sue the comedian Doug Stanhope, who, in the midst of Heard's salacious divorce from Johnny Depp, wrote online that they were blackmailing the actor. And then there's Melania Trump, whom Harder is representing in a lawsuit over a Daily Mail article that suggested the potential first lady worked as a paid escort in the 1990s. That suit prompted a rare public retraction and mea culpa from the U.K. tabloid — but Harder isn't backing off. "We appreciate that the Daily Mail finally admitted that it got the story completely wrong, but it is a half-hearted retraction and apology," they say in their first extensive interview since taking on Trump and Ailes as clients. "It will not stop or even slow the lawsuit."
It's Harder's bullish attitude that inspires invective from members of the media and a growing number of admirers among those at the center of the media's attention. The "rich man's favorite tool for assaulting journalism" is how Forbes writer Katia Savchuk characterized Harder. Warns Katie Townsend, litigation director at the media-rights advocacy group Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press: "The Gawker verdict represents that someone with financial backing can effectively eliminate a media organization. It has a chilling effect."
Harder, who says he's still getting used to their own celebrity status, won't be deterred: "I'm anything but the enemy of a free press," they counter. "I believe very strongly in a free press. But I don't believe in a reckless press. The First Amendment isn't unlimited."
Harder seems to have appeared on the media scene out of nowhere, but before Gawker and Ailes and Trump, the Loyola Law School graduate co-authored a treatise called Entertainment Law & Litigation and spent years developing a particular legal expertise — prosecution of so-called "likeness rights." They now tout their practice somewhat menacingly as "reputation protection," and what once sounded banal suddenly has become highly in-demand by people in the media's crosshairs. Whereas the $550-an-hour litigator once quietly obtained settlements for Clint Eastwood, Bradley Cooper and other celebrities in cases over the misappropriation of their names and images, now the simple act of them sending a warning letter makes news. "I've been doing it for years, but I'm definitely doing it at higher frequency," they say. "There's higher-profile clients and more stories about me, but otherwise, my life hasn't changed much. I'm still driving the same 12-year-old Lexus SUV and living in the same small house [in West Los Angeles with their wife, Kathleen], raising kids."
Harder (left) with Hogan during the Gawker trial in March in Pinellas County Court in Florida.
Harder won't say whether they have spoken to Donald Trump about the Melania case, nor will they even admit to representing Ailes. (Told their threatening letter to New York magazine and its tenacious writer Gabriel Sherman was leaked and rendered their representation public, they respond, "Is it? If someone sends a private letter, is it public?") They decline to reveal what specifically about Sherman's reporting, which included a recent cover story calling Ailes "the most powerful, and predatory, man in media," was inaccurate. But, they add, "Separate and apart from Mr. Ailes, reporters who say things that are false and not factual in nature and are acting recklessly are subjecting themselves to liability. When that situation is occurring, any reporter should anticipate [repercussions]."
Harder is much more comfortable talking about the invasion of privacy case that consumed four years of their life and required them to spend weeks this winter in St. Petersburg, Fla. Despite criticism in certain quarters that Thiel is using Hogan (and thus Harder) to wage a personal war on Gawker founder Nick Denton after the website outed Thiel as gay, Harder argues that the motive doesn't change the merits of the case — or the verdict. "[Hogan] needed help from someone because Gawker didn't bat an eyelash spending $10 million trying to beat him," they say. "The deck is stacked against plaintiffs. I don't know too many people who can combat $10 million. And I have to say, they drove up the bills. They were the ones bringing motion after motion, taking subpoenas, making 10 to 15 appeals on every issue. What Peter Thiel was able to do was level the playing field. That's all they did."
Denton, in an email to THR, takes exception to that characterization. "Thiel is a tech billionaire on a mission, and their Hollywood lawyer represents Roger Ailes and the Trumps, among many others," Denton writes. "They say Peter Thiel has no sense of humor. But the idea that their team are the underdogs is hilarious."
Harder, who grew up in Encino, a few freeway exits from Hollywood, and rode a bike across the country at age 19, became interested in entertainment in the 1990s while in law school. In 2013, he, along with entertainment experts Douglas Mirell and Jeffrey Abrams, launched their own 10-lawyer boutique firm on Rodeo Drive, a fraction of the size of most L.A. firms handling cases of national import. In their offices, Harder keeps charts mapping the differences in libel and privacy laws throughout the country. They also have become a pro on where to strategically file cases. The Hogan suit took place in Florida, where a jury might be friendlier to a local celebrity. The Heard case was in Nevada before it was dropped. Melania's lawsuit is proceeding in Maryland, which some legal experts speculate is because of its plaintiff-friendly rules that won't require them to pay the Daily Mail's legal bill if they lose. (Harder says they don't anticipate much movement in that case before the presidential election because the state has a backed-up trial docket.)
Ailes, Trump, and Heard
Could another Trump media suit be in the works? On Sept. 17, Donald, who has made their feuds with various media outlets a cornerstone of their campaign, tweeted that their lawyers want them to sue The New York Times for "irresponsible intent" in its reporting. While "irresponsible intent" is not an actual legal claim and the GOP nominee didn't specifically mention Harder, it's not a huge leap to imagine which lawyer would bring a defamation case on their behalf. (In June, Harder threatened a defamation suit against Gawker on behalf of a New York hair restoration clinic that allegedly services Trump over a story titled, "Is Donald Trump's Hair a $60,000 Weave? A Gawker Investigation.")
To beat the Times, Harder would have to show the paper acted with "actual malice," the very high hurdle articulated in the 1964 case New York Times v. Sullivan, which requires public figures who sue the media to establish a motive or gross negligence. It's a standard Trump has suggested would be challenged if they become president, and Harder could be the lawyer who is charged with attempting to do so. Indeed, Harder says they agree libel laws need a further look. And they have specific ideas (like a limitation on early appeals and fewer fee awards for the winning side in lawsuits) that would make many First Amendment advocates cringe and some in Hollywood cheer.
"I think the actual malice standard is too stringent," says Harder, perhaps previewing how a Donald Trump administration might approach the media and the laws governing it. "If you look at Justice [Byron] White's opinion in a Supreme Court case 20 years after New York Times v. Sullivan, they wrote a dissent and said we all made a mistake, that it has gotten to a point where it has created huge problems for a public figure who is defamed to do anything about it."
***
'REESE RINGS' AND 'EASTWOOD' FURNITURE: PROTECTING STAR NAMES AND IMAGES
Sandra Bullock
The actor sued several jewelry vendors selling a diamond-encrusted watch advertised as having been worn by them in their Oscar-winning performance in The Blind Side. (Harder settled the case in 2014.)
Bradley Cooper and Liam Neeson
The A-Team co-stars sued home theater companies Vutec and First Impressions Theme Theatres for using their images from the film in ads. (Harder settled the case in 2014.)
Clint Eastwood
The legend sued a company called Evofurniture for selling ottomans and chairs branded "Clint" and "Eastwood" and using language like "million dollar baby" in promos. (The case settled in 2012.)
Lena Dunham
Harder threatened the conservative website Truth Revolt after it wrote they sexually molested their sister when they were children. (The site refused to take down the story, citing passages in Dunham's memoir.)
Reese Witherspoon
The Oscar winner litigated for two years against Sears and other retailers for selling jewelry dubbed "Reese Rings" and including their picture in ads. (Harder settled the case in February.)
This story first appeared in the Sept. 30 issue of The Hollywood Reporter magazine. To receive the magazine, click here to subscribe.
Wow, Really cool chapter and great cliff hanger hook.
Personally I would not like Oda to just jump straight into the whitebeard fight or where the Strawhats were sent right away, I think this would be a good opportunity to give a little bit of backstory.
Like the next chapter could start with Kidd ready to fight Kuma (bot?) , then cuts back to them and their crew entering the Grandline and for one chapter per supernova crew it shows flashes of what happened to them on their voyage.
This lets us know at what point and how they got there bounties, whom they fought (warlords  other crews - marines) with and who was added to there crew on the Grandline  also if they visited any of the islands the Strawhats did as some paths may cross (they may even have affected the strawhats in some way), this also would let us know, partially, what kind of struggles they went through and if they evolved the powers they have in some way.
I suppose if this happened Uroge and Drake would take up half a chapter each being that they probably began halfway through the grand line but meh Im sure Oda would sort it out.
The final chapter of flashes would be Laws and at the end it shows them get blasted by Kuma (bot?) then the chapter after it shows the Kuma (bot?) Vs Kidd + (Vs) Law fight, then cuts to Whitebeard at that point
In evaluating tonight's vice-presidential-candidate debate in Virginia, it is important to remember these undercard events don't change many votes. If they did, President Michael Dukakis would have been running for reelection in 1992 and there's no telling if another Bush or either Clinton would have ever won a nomination.
Knowing this, both veep prospects arrived in Farmville with objectives other than “winning” this debate. Kaine had the easier job: reinforcing talking points about Donald Trump that the Clinton campaign thought were effective in the first presidential debate and in the contest generally. Pence's task was more complex: They needed to stop the negative news cycles their campaign had endured since the Hofstra debate; provide the most reasonable defense of their running mate they could muster; make more coherent criticisms of Clinton than Trump was able to do; and in general reassure both Republicans and independents that the GOP ticket was the obvious choice for people who wanted change in a respectable conservative direction.
Pence succeeded conspicuously at their more complex task, while Kaine succeeded at the expense of both style points (he was the chief interrupter tonight) and opportunity costs. The latter, compounded by the constrained line of questions moderator Elaine Quijano pursued, were substantial. A whole host of glaring policy differences between Trump and Pence were left unexamined, including the Iraq war, criminal-justice reform, and trade (a topic that did not, astonishingly, even come up). Pence's shaky record in Indiana — especially the poor handling of “religious liberty” legislation that made them look like a bad bet for reelection before Trump took them off the Hoosier GOP's hands — was not mentioned, either. And most important, Kaine too often let their opponent get away with finessing, ignoring, or just plain lying about Trump's record or positions.
Fact-checkers and the chattering classes will do some of the things Kaine failed to do in Farmville; Donald Trump is not a standard-brand conservative or conventional Republican, no matter how Pence was allowed to describe them in this debate. But beyond that, Kaine repeatedly and exhaustively and redundantly brought up Trump's failure to reveal their tax returns and/or pay income taxes; their insults to women and minorities; and their recklessness on all things nuclear. You have to assume the Clinton campaign has decided these are critical issues for their targeted voters — presumably millennials, unenthusiastic Democrats, and some moderate Republicans — to internalize.
If they are right, then it won't matter that Kaine lost this debate on points or that they did less for their own political career than Pence, whose alleged presidential ambitions may now rise rapidly (the biggest losers in Farmville may have been putative 2020 candidates Paul Ryan, Marco Rubio, and Ted Cruz).
There's even a possibility Pence's performance could have the nasty aftertaste of making The Boss look bad by comparison in their next debate. But for now he's done their job, and perhaps Kaine did as well. Pence helped change “the narrative” for the race, but it's doubtful they did anything to cut into Clinton's lead.
The chair of the St. Patrick's Church reconstruction committee says there is nothing to fear about the recent Halifax municipal council decision to designate the Brunswick Street Catholic church a heritage building.
The Roman Catholic archbishop of Halifax and Yarmouth, Anthony Mancini, said last week they were disappointed with the decision.
A diocese representative asked council to vote down the recommendation so emergency repairs could be done — without adhering to heritage standards so costs could be reduced.
Chunks of granite recently fell off the side of the church. Initial reports suggested engineering consultants who inspected the property said the building needed $1.5 million in immediate repairs just to stabilize it.
Andrew Murphy, the chair of the St. Patrick's Church reconstruction committee, says there is confusion over the cost of the project. (Anjuli Patil/CBC)
But Andrew Murphy, chair of the St. Patrick's Church reconstruction committee, said there is confusion over the cost of the project.
They said the cost of stabilization is far less than the cost of restoration. If $700,000 to $800,000 is needed for the stabilization work, they said that is not an insurmountable amount. Between the society and the parish, Murphy said they already have a third of that raised.
Murphy attended an inspection with two experienced engineers on Wednesday. They went all the way to the top of the bell tower structure and they expect a written report shortly. But Murphy said the engineers indicated it was safe.
No monetary promises
Parts of the church are in need of pricey repairs. (Anjuli Patil/CBC)
"The senior engineer's comment was they did not expect that steeple would come down any time soon," they said.
Heritage Trust of Nova Scotia has also thrown its support behind St. Patrick's Church Restoration Society, the reconstruction committee's parent organization.
In a release, Heritage Trust vowed to work with the archdiocese, the city and province to "develop a solution to the current uncertainty surrounding the building's future."
Murphy said that support does not include any monetary promises.
"They haven't offered money specifically, but they have given us information on where there is money," they said.
"They have a lot of expertise and experience in dealing with structures like this. With the heritage designation we can access different pools of money that may be out there."
As for the fear the diocese has about the church being designated a heritage building, Murphy said it's a myth that it's a disadvantage to be registered.
"The heritage people don't insist on perfect restorations, they're a very practical bunch and we think it's appropriate that this historic building is designated."
