Laura Klinkner/OPB
Civil rights leader Jesse Jackson is advising against mounting a counter-protest in downtown Portland this weekend, in opposition to a planned pro-Trump rally.
Some Portland-area leaders have asked organizers on both sides to cancel the events in light of tensions since a fatal stabbing a week ago on a MAX train. The rallies would occur nine days after a white man stabbed three men, two of them to death, after they verbally assaulted two young women of color.
Jackson said Friday that supporters of religious and racial tolerance should not pour fuel on a fire. A conservative YouTube channel captured their remarks.
“Let them march alone,” Jackson said from the front of a Northeast Portland church.
Jackson was joined by Multnomah County commissioner Loretta Smith among other elected officials and religious leaders. They answered several questions from members of the media, and said they disagreed with adding numbers to a movement liberal Portlanders disagree with.
“Our presence becomes the other side of the news,” suggested Jackson. “Let them and the cameras show up and be their own movement.”
But Jackson said they should plan for a separate march on a different day.
“We'll have our own day to march, and we'll not be afraid,” Jackson said. “We'll show our faces, and we'll tell the world, this is who we really are.”
Portland Police are planning for large, potentially violent, demonstrations downtown on Sunday.
A separate rally scheduled for June 10 was already canceled at the urging of Portland Mayor Ted Wheeler.
Jackson put the Portland stabbing in the context of a long line of racist violence in recent years, and rather than asking “Why Portland?,” the long-time civil rights activist asked “Why not?”
“Why not Portland? It's here,” Jackson said. “Why not Sanford, Florida, where Trayvon [Martin] was killed? It was there. Why New York City where a young man was shot in the back by police 40 times, it was there. Why not Ferguson, Missouri? It was there.”
Jackson is also scheduled to meet with Mayor Ted Wheeler Friday.
Recently, Kristaps Porzingis' days have started around 6:45 a.m.
He's up at that hour to prep for their first NBA training camp with the New York Knicks.
After breakfast -- their first of several meals throughout the day -- Porzingis heads to the Knicks' training facility to start working out.
On some days, they begin by working on their shot. Weightlifting starts at 8 a.m.
At 9 a.m., he's on the court with their teammates, stretching and going through some of the Triangle offense.
Next he'll participate in 5-on-5 scrimmages for a couple of hours with the other Knicks. After the games, which Porzingis says can get competitive, the rookie has their second meal of the day.
Then they head home for a nap and another meal (getting closer to their 5,000 calorie-per-day mandate).
Porzingis says he's back in the gym by 6 p.m. for another hour of weight training.
And then?
“Get some ice if I need it, go home and get some rest.”
Rinse, repeat.
This is the process Porzingis has followed in recent days to add some muscle to their 7-foot-1 frame.
Last week, Porzingis said he's put on 11 pounds. They hope to add four more before the start of training camp Tuesday.
“I was real skinny in the summer league, so now I'm putting on some nicer weight that's probably 90 percent muscle that helps me,” they told MSG Network. “I even feel stronger, quicker and I can jump a little higher. I don't think [the weight gain] will slow me down. I think that will make me quicker and maybe even more athletic.”
Porzingis' weight -- along with their overall development -- is one of the more intriguing aspects of the preseason for the Knicks. It's not a stretch to say that the Latvian is the most important Knick outside of Carmelo Anthony.
The Knicks' short-term future -- and, to some extent, the legacy of team president Phil Jackson -- will be dictated in part by whether Porzingis is successful in the NBA.
If the No. 4 overall pick develops into the player the Knicks envision, New York will have a star to build the roster around after Carmelo Anthony. But if Porzingis falls short of expectations, the Knicks will have squandered their best draft pick in 30 years.
Those are issues for another day, though.
For now, Porzingis is focused on getting to Tuesday morning.
“Can't wait for training camp to start and to fight for my spot,” they said.
The Deputy Assistant to President Trump Dr. Sebastian Gorka went on with Sean Hannity to discuss Susan Rice finally admitting they were unmasking secret intel on Trump Transition Team officials.
Dr. Sebastian Gorka: Them story is falling apart if you compare what they said two weeks ago. If you compare just the difference in their statements in just the last 36 hours there is something that is not being discussed or openly disclosed here… You put all these things together and it's not just smoke here's actually flames behind the smoke screen… The weaponization of the security services is what you expect in a banana republic and a police state or authoritarian state. And let's just look into one more piece of evidence. These individuals are politically appointed. I am politically appointed. I served as a commissioned officer of the president. So did she. But you're supposed to be a professional.
Sean Hannity: By its very definition sir, you are describing something that is beyond Watergate on steroids and human growth hormone.
Dr. Gorka: Oh, losing 14 minutes of audio tape compared to this is a little spat in the sandbox in the kindergarten, Sean.
Superconductivity is a fascinating quantum phenomenon in which electrons form pairs and flow with zero resistance. However, strong enough magnetic field can break electron pairs and destroy superconductivity. Surprisingly, experimental groups led by Prof. Ye and Prof. Zeitler in Groningen and Nijmegen found that superconductivity in thin films of MoS2 could withstand an applied magnetic field as strong as 37 Tesla.
An explanation for the phenomenon was needed and Prof. Law's theory group at Hong Kong University of Science and Technology promptly solved the puzzle. The collective findings were published on 12 November in Science. DOI:10.1126/science.aab2277
Professor Law and their student Yuan proposed that the lattice structure of MoS2 thin films allows the moving electrons in the material to experience strong internal magnetic fields of about 100 Tesla. This special type of internal magnetic fields, instead of damaging superconductivity, protects the superconducting electron pairs from being destroyed by external magnetic fields. They called this type of superconductors, "Ising superconductors". They also predict that many other superconductors, which have similar lattice structure as MoS2, would fall into the same family of "Ising superconductors" as well.
In addition to their survivability under a strong magnetic field, Professor Law's team pointed out that Ising superconductors can be used to create a new type of particles called Majorana fermions. These Majorana fermions would have potential applications in making quantum computers. "Many novel properties and applications of Ising superconductors have yet to be discovered," Professor Law said.
"Now that we understand the mechanism of how certain materials become resistant to interference from external magnetic fields, we can look for materials with similar characteristics to those of superconducting MoS2." Professor Law said. "I am sure we will unearth more Ising superconductors soon."
###
Venus and Jupiter, shine brightly in the east at dawn, near a wildlife refuge on the Caspian Sea. Venus and Jupiter, shine brightly in the east at dawn, near a wildlife refuge on the Caspian Sea. (Getty Images)
(CBS SF) — Skywatchers are in for a special celestial treat this month as Venus and Jupiter draw close together.
The two bright worlds, looking like stars, will appear in the sky the entire month of June until August 27. According to Earthsky.org, the best night watch is June 30 and July 1 when the dazzling planets pass each other.
Unless it's cloudy, it will be hard to miss Venus and Jupiter, ranked the third-brightest and fourth-brightest celestial object after the sun and the moon.
You'll want to have that telescope handy as the planets close in on each other at a rate of over a half degree — more than the diameter of a full moon — per day. Jupiter's four major moons will also be visible through a lens.
An antihero or antihero is a main character in a story who lacks conventional heroic qualities and attributes such as idealism, courage and morality.[1][2][3][4][5] Although antiheroes may sometimes perform actions that are morally correct, it is not always for the right reasons, often acting primarily out of self-interest or in ways that defy conventional ethical codes.[6]
History [ edit ]
U.S. writer Jack Kerouac and other figures of the " Beat Generation " created reflective, critical protagonists who influenced the antiheroes of many later works.
An early antihero is Homer's Thersites.[7]:197–198 The concept has also been identified in classical Greek drama,[8] Roman satire, and Renaissance literature[7]:197–198 such as Don Quixote[8][9] and the picaresque rogue.[10]
The term antihero was first used as early as 1714,[5] emerging in works such as Rameau's Nephew in the 18th century,[7]:199–200 and is also used more broadly to cover Byronic heroes as well.[11]
Literary Romanticism in the 19th century helped popularize new forms of the antihero,[12][13] such as the Gothic double.[14] The antihero eventually became an established form of social criticism, a phenomenon often associated with the unnamed protagonist in Fyodor Dostoyevsky's Notes from Underground.[7]:201–207 The antihero emerged as a foil to the traditional hero archetype, a process that Northrop Frye called the fictional "center of gravity".[15] This movement indicated a literary change in heroic ethos from feudal aristocrat to urban democrat, as was the shift from epic to ironic narratives.[15]
Huckleberry Finn (1884) has been called "the first antihero in the American nursery".[16]
The antihero became prominent in early 20th century existentialist works such as Franz Kafka's The Metamorphosis (1915),[17] Jean-Paul Sartre's La Nausée (1938) (French for Nausea),[18] and Albert Camus' L'Étranger (1942) (French for The Stranger).[19] The protagonist in these works is an indecisive central character who drifts through their life and is marked by ennui, angst, and alienation.[20]
The antihero entered American literature in the 1950s and up to the mid-1960s was portrayed as an alienated figure, unable to communicate.[21]:294–295 The American antihero of the 1950s and 1960s (as seen in the works of Jack Kerouac, Norman Mailer, et al.) was typically more proactive than their French counterpart, with characters such as Kerouac's Dean Moriarty famously taking to the road to vanquish their ennui.[22]:18 The British version of the antihero emerged in the works of the "angry young men" of the 1950s.[8][23] The collective protests of Sixties counterculture saw the solitary antihero gradually eclipsed from fictional prominence,[22]:1 though not without subsequent revivals in literary and cinematic form.[21]:295
The antihero also plays a prominent role in films noir such as Double Indemnity (1944) and Night and the City (1950),[24] in gangster films such as The Godfather (1972),[25] and in Western films, especially the Revisionist Western and Spaghetti Western.[citation needed] Lead figures in these westerns are often morally ambiguous, such as the "Man with No Name", portrayed by Clint Eastwood in A Fistful of Dollars (1964), For a Few Dollars More (1965) and The Good, the Bad and the Ugly (1966).[citation needed]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
153 SHARES Share Tweet
Entertainment and interactive experiences are going to be a huge part of Diagon Alley when it opens later this summer. Universal Orlando has revealed the entertainment venues and interactive elements of Diagon Alley that guests will be able to experience once inside the walls of Diagon Alley.
Once inside Diagon Alley, if you take a left hand turn immediately, you will run into two entertainment shows, The Fountain of Fair Fortune” and “The Tale of the Three Brothers” (which was featured in the seventh film, “Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 1”). “The Tale of the Three Brothers” will feature puppets from Emmy-award-winning designer Michael Curry.
The second show will feature The Singing Sorceress: Celestina Warbeck and the Banshees. During this live show, guests will hear tunes performed such as “A Cauldron Full Of Hot, Strong Love,” “You Stole My Cauldron But You Can't Have My Heart” and “You Charmed The Heart Right Out Of Me” – all titles created by J.K. Rowling.
Shows are not the only experience guests will have to ability to experience once inside Diagon Alley and London. Once guests step foot inside London, they will come face to face with the Knight Bus. The Knight Bus is home to two permanent residents, a shrunken head (pictured above) and the Knight Bus Conductor. The shrunken head will interact with guests before they embark on their journey into Diagon Alley.
And last but not least, before embarking on your journey into Diagon Alley, be sure to stop by the Gringotts Money Exchange. Here guests can exchange their Muggle currency for Wizarding banknotes, which you can use inside Diagon Alley to purchase goods.
There will also be a Ollivanders inside Diagon Alley where you can experience the wand choosing the wizard.
Be sure to join in on the Diagon Alley fun on Twitter by using the hashtag #diagonalley and be sure to give us a follow @thrillgeek for even more Diagon Alley goodness!
NARA Basic Laws and Authorities
2016 Revision
General Counsel/Policy and Planning Staff
National Archives and Records Administration
Basic Laws and Authorities of the National Archives and Records Administration
2016 Edition - Office of the General Counsel
NARA Statutes
Highlights:
Markup version of Public Law 113-187, The Presidential and Federal Records Act Amendments of 2014 showing changes to NARA Statutes found below in Chapters 21, 22, 29, 31, 33, of Title 44 in PDF.
Legislative History of NARA Statutes
Summary of Non-NARA Statutes
Appendixes
NARA Statutes
Acts and Resolutions; Formalities of Enactment; Repeals; Sealing of Instruments (1 U.S.C. §§ 106a-b, 112-13, 201)
Presidential Elections and Vacancies (3 U.S.C. §§ 6, 11-13)
Former Presidents Act (3 U.S.C. § 102 note)
Official Territorial Papers (4 U.S.C. §§ 141-46)
Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App. 3 § 8G)
Concealment, Removal, or Mutilation of Records (18 U.S.C. § 2071)
Dissemination of Information within the United States (22 U.S.C. § 1461(b))
Foreign Relations of the U.S. Historical Series (22 U.S.C. § 4352)
Custody of records; Oklahoma Historical Society (25 U.S.C. § 199a)
Internal Revenue Code (26 U.S.C. § 6103)
Independent Counsel (28 U.S.C. § 594)
Congressional Printing and Binding (Title 44, Chapter 7)
Copies of Acts furnished to Public Printer (§ 710)
Printing Acts, joint resolutions, and treaties (§ 711)
United States Statutes at Large: references in margins (§ 729)
Federal Register and Code of Federal Regulations (Title 44, Chapter 15)
Definitions (§ 1501)
Custody and printing of Federal documents; appointment of Director (§ 1502)
Filing documents with Office; notation of time; public inspection; transmission for printing (§ 1503)
“Federal Register”; printing; contents; distribution; price (§ 1504)
Documents to be published in Federal Register (§ 1505)
Administrative Committee of the Federal Register; establishment and composition; powers and duties (§ 1506)
Filing document as constructive notice; publication of validity; judicial notice; citation (§ 1507)
Publication in Federal Register as notice of hearing (§ 1508)
Costs of publication, etc. (§ 1509)
Code of Federal Regulations (§ 1510)
International agreements excluded from provision of Chapter (§ 1511)
Publications for use of National Archives and Records Administration (44 U.S.C. § 1714)
National Archives and Records Administration (Title 44, Chapter 21)
Definitions (§ 2101)
Establishment (§ 2102)
Transfer of Functions, Transfer of Personnel, Saving Provisions (§ 2102 notes)
Officers (§ 2103)
Administrative provisions (§ 2104)
Personnel and services (§ 2105)
Reports to Congress (§ 2106)
Acceptance of records for historical preservation (§ 2107)
President John F. Kennedy Assassination Records Collection Act of 1992 (§ 2107 note)
Civil Rights Cold Case Records Collection Act of 2018 (§ 2107 note)
Establishment of National Database for Records of Servitude, Emancipation, and Post-Civil War Reconstruction (§ 2107 note)
Responsibility for custody, use, and withdrawal of records (§ 2108)
Procedures to Prevent Unauthorized Removal of Classified Records from National Archives
(§ 2108 note)
Preservation, arrangement, duplication, exhibition of records (§ 2109)
Servicing records (§ 2110)
Material accepted for deposit (§ 2111)
Presidential Recordings and Materials Preservation Act (§ 2111 note)
Presidential archival depository (§ 2112)
Capital Improvement Plan for Presidential Archival Depositories; Report (§ 2112 note)
Depository for agreements between States (§ 2113)
Preservation of audio and visual records (§ 2114)
Reports; correction of violations (§ 2115)
Legal status of reproductions; official seal; fees for copies and reproductions (§ 2116)
Limitation on liability (§ 2117)
Records of Congress (§ 2118)
Cooperative agreements (§ 2119)
Online access of founding fathers documents (§ 2120)
Transfer of Funds (§ 2120 note)
Presidential Records (Title 44, Chapter 22)
Definitions (§ 2201)
Ownership of Presidential records (§ 2202)
Management and custody of Presidential records (§ 2203)
Restrictions on access to Presidential records (§ 2204)
Exceptions to restricted access (§ 2205)
Regulations (§ 2206)
Vice-Presidential records (§ 2207)
Rule of Construction (§ 2207 note)
Claims of constitutionaly based privilege against dislcosure (§ 2208)
Disclosure requirement for official business conducted using non-official electronic messaging accounts (§ 2209)
National Archives Trust Fund Board (Title 44, Chapter 23)
Establishment of Board; membership (§ 2301)
Authority of the Board; seal; services; bylaws; rules; regulations; employees (§ 2302)
Powers and obligations of the Board; liability of members (§ 2303)
Compensation of members availability of trust funds for expenses of the Board (§ 2304)
Acceptance of gifts (§ 2305)
Investment of funds (§ 2306)
Trust fund account; disbursements; sales of publications and releases (§ 2307)
Tax exemption for gifts (§ 2308)
National Historical Publications and Records Commission (Title 44, Chapter 25)
Creation; composition; appointment and tenure; meetings (§ 2501)
Vacancies (§ 2502)
Executive director, staff, transportation expenses (§ 2503)
Duties; authorizations of grants for historical publications and records authorization for appropriations (§ 2504)
Grants for Establishment of State and Local Databases For Records of Servitude, Emancipation, and Post-Civil War Reconstruction (§ 2504 note)
Special advisory committees; membership; reimbursement (§ 2505)
Advisory Committee to Review Founding Fathers Editorial Projects (§ 2505 note)
Records to be kept grantees (§ 2506)
Advisory Committee on the Records of Congress (Title 44, Chapter 27)
Advisory Committee on the Records of Congress (§ 2701)
Membership; chairperson; meetings (§ 2702)
Functions of the Committee (§ 2703)
Powers of the Committee (§ 2704)
Compensation and travel expenses (§ 2705)
Administrative provisions (§ 2706)
Records Management by the Archivist of the United States (Title 44, Chapter 29)
Definitions (§ 2901)
Records Center Revolving Fund (§ 2901 note)
Objectives of records management (§ 2902)
Custody and control of property (§ 2903)
General responsibilities for records management (§ 2904)
Establishment of standards for selective retention of records; security measures (§ 2905)
Inspection of agency records (§ 2906)
Records centers and centralized microfilming services (§ 2907)
Regulations (§ 2908)
Retention of records (§ 2909)
Preservation of Freedmen's Bureau records (§ 2910)
Disclosure requirement for official business conducted using non-official electronic messaging accounts (§ 2911)
Records Management by Federal Agencies (Title 44, Chapter 31)
Records management by agency heads; general duties (§ 3101)
Establishment of program of management (§ 3102)
Transfer of records to record centers (§ 3103)
Certifications and determinations on transferred records (§ 3104)
Safeguards (§ 3105)
Unlawful removal, destruction of records (§ 3106)
Authority of comptroller general (§ 3107)
Disposal of Records (Title 44, Chapter 33)
Definition of records (§ 3301)
Regulations covering lists of records for disposal, procedure for disposal, and standards for reproduction (§ 3302)
Lists and schedules of records to be submitted to the Archivist by head of each Government agency (§ 3303)
Examination by Archivist of lists and schedules of records lacking preservation value; disposal of records (§ 3303a)
Disposal of similar records where prior disposal was authorized (§ 3308)
Preservation of claims of Government until settled in the Government Accountability Office; disposal authorized upon written approval of Comptroller General (§ 3309)
Disposal of records constituting menace to health, life or property (§ 3310)
Destruction of records outside continental U.S. in time of war or when hostile action seems imminent; written report to Archivist (§ 3311)
Photographs or microphotographs of records considered as originals; certified reproductions admissible in evidence (§ 3312)
Moneys from sale of records payable into the Treasury (§ 3313)
Procedures for disposal of records exclusive (§ 3314)
§§ 3315 - 3324 of Title 44, United States Code, are repealed.
Coordination of Federal Information Policy (Title 44, Chapter 35)
E-Government Act of 2002 (§ 3501 note)
Authority and functions of Director (§ 3504)
Administrative powers (§ 3515)
Management and Promotion of Electronic Government Services (Title 44, Chapter 36)
Chief Information Officer's Council (§ 3603)
Atomic Energy Defense Provisions (Title 50, Chapter 42)
Documents Relating to Japanese Internment (50 Apps. U.S.C. § 1989b-6)
Nazi War Crimes Disclosure Act (5 U.S.C. § 552 note)
Public Interest Declassification Act of 2000, as amended (50 U.S.C. § 3161 note)
Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2008 (Pub. L. 110-161)
Legislative History of NARA Statutes
Summary of Non-NARA Statutes
Access to Classified Information (50 U.S.C. § 435)
Administrative Dispute Resolution Act (5 U.S.C. §§ 571-583)
Administrative Procedure Act (5 U.S.C. §§ 551-559, 701-706, 1305, 3105, 3344, 4301, 5335, 5372, 7521)
Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. § 12101 et seq)
Anti-Deficiency Act (31 U.S.C. § 1341(a)(1)(A)-(B))
Anti-Nepotism Act (5 U.S.C. § 3110)
Augmentation Prohibition (31 U.S.C. §§ 1301 (a), 3302(b))
Debt Collection Act of 1982 (31 U.S.C. §§ 3302, 3701, 3711, 3716-3719)
Debt Collection Improvement Act of 1996 (31 U.S.C. §§ 3720B-3720D)
Depository Library Program (44 U.S.C. §§ 1901-1916)
Dissemination of Information Abroad (22 U.S.C. § 1461)
Economy in Government Act (31 U.S.C.§ 1535)
Electronic Freedom of Information Act Amendments of 1996 (5 U.S.C. § 552 note)
Emergency Preparedness (42 U.S.C.§ 5195)
Equal Access to Justice Act (5 U.S.C. § 504)
Ethics in Government Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App. 4 §§ 101-111, 401-408, 501-505; 28 U.S.C. §§ 49, 528-529, 591-598; 2 U.S.C. §§ 118(a), 288(a)-(m), 1365)
Ethics Reform Act of 1989 (2 U.S.C. §§ 29d, 72a-1g, 362-364; 5 U.S.C. §§ 3393a, 7353; 5 U.S.C. App. 4 §§ 110-111, 501-505; 10 U.S.C. § 1601; 18 U.S.C. § 216; 26 U.S.C. § 1043; 31 U.S.C. § 1353)
Executive and Judiciary Printing and Binding (44 U.S.C. §§ 1101-1123)
Federal Activities Inventory Reform Act (38 U.S.C. § 501 note)
Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App. 2 §§ 1-15)
Federal Tort Claims Act (28 U.S.C. §§ 1291, 1346, 1402, 2401-2402, 2411-2412, 2671-2680)
Government in the Sunshine Act (5 U.S.C. § 552b)
Government Paperwork Elimination Act (5 U.S.C. § 3504 note)
Government Performance and Results Act (31 U.S.C. §§ 1101 note, 1115 note)
Hobby Protection Act (15 U.S.C. § 2101)
Information Technology Management Reform Act (40 U.S.C. §§ 1401-1503)
Paperwork Reduction Act (44 U.S.C. §§ 3501- 3520)
Pay Rates and Systems (5 U.S.C. § 5314)
Public Printing and Documents (44 U.S.C. Chapter 19)
Regulatory Negotiation Act (5 U.S.C. § 561 et seq)
Rehabilitation Act (29 U.S.C. § 701 et seq.)
Use of Government Vehicles (31 U.S.C. § 1344)
Whistleblower Protection Act of 1989 (5 U.S.C. §§ 1211-1219, 1221-1222, 3352)
Whistleblower Protection Laws (10 U.S.C. § 2409; 15 U.S.C. §§ 2622, 2651; 18 U.S.C. § 1031; 29 U.S.C. § 1855; 30 U.S.C. § 1293, 815; 33 U.S.C. § 1367; 42 U.S.C. §§ 300j-9, 5851, 6971, 7622, 9610; 46 U.S.C. App. § 1506; 49 U.S.C. § 31105)
Appendixes
Executive Orders
#11440 Providing for the Supplemental Use of Exhibits and Displays Created in Furtherance of Authorized Programs of Executive Departments and Agencies
#12600 Predisclosure Notification Procedures for Confidential Commercial Information
#12667 Presidential Records, revoked by Executive Order #13233
#12829 National Industrial Security Program
#12937 Declassification of Selected Records Within the National Archives of the United States
#12958 Classified National Security Information, as amended by Executive Order #13292
#13233 Further Implementation of the Presidential Records Act, revoked by Executive Order #13489
#13489 Presidential Records
#13526 Classified National Security Information
The 1952 Exchange of Correspondence Between the Archivist and the Director of the Bureau of the Census
Freedom of Information Act (5 U.S.C. § 552)
Privacy Act of 1974 (5 U.S.C. § 552a)
Please contact Ezequiel Berdichevsky of NARA's Office of General Counsel at ezequiel.berdichevsky@nara.gov if you find any errors or omissions on these pages.
Managing a huge collection of research papers has been the bane of scholars, no doubt since the beginning of written scholarship itself. In my particular case, mismanagement led to file cabinets stuffed with misfiled, crumpled, duplicate, and sometimes incomplete unreadable copies. Good luck finding papers or searching through the ones you may have forgotten about.
The arrival of the PDF file, optical character recognition, and published online journals has presented a slightly different set of searching and sorting problems. Still, the organization problem remains. The desktop version of Mekentosj's Papers ( ) brings the ability to manage journal articles, search your library and search the most common online repositories into a single desktop program. Now, Mekentosj brings this capability to the iPhone for on-the-go scholarship.
Papers for iPhone tries to replicate much of the functionality of its desktop cousin and provides tools for reading and searching for scholarly articles. On the management and reading side, Papers for iPhone allows for synchronization of up to 1,000 papers from the desktop via a wireless connection. Files are specified by folder, in a way similar to the synchronization of iPhoto image collections and iTunes playlists.
Read more…
If you're not using your quota of 1,000 there is the ability to synchronize random files based on a given criterion. You can also constrain the direction of the synchronization—files can be synchronized only from the desktop to the iPhone or can be synchronized bidirectionally, allowing any new papers acquired on the iPhone to be copied back to the desktop library. I've not found the auto-fill capability particularly useful but I suppose there are folks who occasionally need a random read.
The second major piece of the app's functionality is its ability to search online databases. Version 1.1 provides access to the ACM, ADS, arXiv, Google Scholar, IEEE Xplore, JSTOR, PubMed, and Web of Science databases. These are largely science-centric databases with JSTOR being the broadest. Interfacing with the wide variety of search engines is a bit challenging, as is evidenced by the fact that Google Scholar searches were broken in Papers' initial release as a result of changes made by Google. The desktop version of Papers allows the various search components to be updated ‘live' and Mekentosj has been quick to update when search providers change their products. Due to the constraints of the iTunes App Store, Papers for iPhone won't be nearly as nimble when new updates are necessary since each update has to be cleared through Apple's vetting process.
Switching between search engines on the mobile version of Papers is a little confusing, as there's no obvious way to switch once you have started a search. You must click in the search box, as if to enter new search terms, and the list of search engines appears. I also experienced significant difficulty with the app's proxy capability (e.g. the ability to access the search engines as though you're on your institution's network even when you're not). Sometimes I was able to get connected and authenticated but, even when authentication was successful, downloading PDFs was a mixed bag—sometimes it worked, sometimes it didn't. Some of this is likely due to idiosyncrasies of some sites (I had the most trouble trying to get papers via ScienceDirect) and their interaction with the iPhone's WebKit implementation. Still, if Papers for the iPhone is going to be truly useful, this needs to be worked out.
I found the app's preferences slightly annoying in that they live in two locations, neither entirely intuitive. Some settings are in the “Help Center” while others are buried in the search engine panel. However, on the iPhone, preferences are a bit messy across the board—some live in Settings, while others are located in specific apps. Paper adds yet another confusing paradigm.
If you need access to scholarly research on-the-go, then Papers is certainly the go-to application on the iPhone and iPod touch. Unfortunately, this early release is reminiscent of the initial release desktop cousin—a great start that falls flat in a few areas. If the trajectory of updates is similar, I'd expect to see a more solid, usable application very soon.
Papers is compatible with any iPhone or iPod touch running the iPhone 2.x software update.
[Flip Phillips is an associate professor of psychology and director of the neuroscience program at Skidmore College.]
Sorcerous Origins
Different sorcerers claim different origins for their innate magic. Although many variations exist, most of these origins fall into three categories: a draconic bloodline, an elemental adaptation, and wild magic.
Descendant of Niflheim
The Plane of Ice is known by many names and home to some of the coldest creatures that roam the multiverse. It is said that it contains places where even ice itself freezes and not even the thought of fire or warmth exists.
You draw your power from this realm. One of your ancestors may have made a pact with a Immoth. Perhaps you were touched by the Cold as a child, or maybe you are just a fluke of the Weave. Whatever the case, the Cold is a part of you, and you know how to use its power with devastating efficiency.
Born of cold and winter air
At 1st level, you add Arctic Wind to your list of known cantrips. When you cast this spell, it deals extra cold damage equal to half your sorcerer level.
Variant Rule If you like to add additional flavor to the class, you can use the feature below. Wintertouched Your affinity to cold has made you immune to the effects of cold weather. However, you can't handle the warmth of fire spells and as such are unable to learn them.
Aura of Cold
Starting at 1st level, you can freeze the air around you , draining heat from friend and foe alike.
As a bonus action you create an Aura of Cold that extends 5 feet from you in every direction. A thin sheet of ice covers the ground in this area, making it difficult terrain. The aura lasts 1 minute, until you fall unconscious, or you dismiss it as a bonus action.
If an enemy within this aura makes an attack roll against you, you may use your reaction to deal cold damage equal to your Charisma modifier to the attacker.
You can use Aura of Cold a number of times equal to your charisma modifier. You regain all uses after a long rest.
Frigid Infusion
Starting at 6th level, when you cast a spell that deals cold damage, add your Charisma modifier to that damage.
When you hit a target with a Cold spell, you can spend 1 sorcery point to freeze it in ice. That creature is grappled for 1 minute or until it breaks free; the DC to escape this grapple is equal to your spell save DC.
Heart of Ice
Starting at 14th level, your icy aura grows stronger - and colder.
Your Aura of Cold extends to 10 feet. When you activate it, you may spend 1 sorceery point to create slippery ice in the aura while it lasts. Creatures entering or moving within this zone must succeed on a Dexterity saving throw against your spell save DC or fall prone. A creature must only make one such save each turn.
Your Aura of Cold only ends when you fall unconscious or dismiss it.
Piercing Cold
Starting at 18th level, the air around you is not merely cold, it slices through the heaviest clothing and bites the soul.
Your Aura of Cold extends to 15 feet. Each enemy within your aura is vulnerable to cold damage and has their speed reduced by 10 feet. Enemies normally resistant to cold damage lose that resistance (but do not gain vulnerability from this effect).
As an bonus action, you may expend a spell slot to extend the radius of your Aura of Cold by 5 feet per level of the spell slot expended. This effect lasts for one minute, or until you lose your concentration (treat this effect as though you were concentrating on a spell).
Once you use this feature, you can't use it again until you complete a long rest.
Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE says if he's elected president, he'll bring back enhanced interrogation techniques for enemy combatants, including waterboarding.
ADVERTISEMENT
“I would bring it back, yes. I would bring it back,” Trump said on ABC's “This Week" on Sunday.
Trump said waterboarding is tame compared to what Americans face when they're captured by Islamic extremists.
“You know, they don't use waterboarding over there; they use chopping off people's heads,” they said. “They use drowning people. I don't know if you've seen with the cages where they put people in cages and they drown them in the ocean and they lift out the cage.”
“I think waterboarding is peanuts compared to what they'd do to us, what they're doing to us, what they did to James Foley when they chopped off their head,” Trump added, referring to the slain U.S. journalist.
They said they would “absolutely bring back interrogation and strong interrogation.”
The GOP primary front-runner also clarified their stance on whether they want to shut down mosques in the U.S.
“Well, I don't want to close mosques; I want to surveil mosques,” Trump said. “I want mosques surveilled.”
They said there are certain “hot spots” where terrorists are radicalized that need to be closely monitored.
Public Transportation Saved 865 Million Hours Of Delay On US Roads In 2011
February 8th, 2013 by Nicholas Brown
“This report demonstrates how important public transportation is, not only as one of the solutions to reducing traffic congestion, but also in reducing fuel use and travel delays,” said American Public Transportation Association (APTA) President and CEO Michael Melaniphy. “Mayors know that a city's competitive position is enhanced by reducing congestion and public transportation is a key tool in minimizing congestion.”
Public transportation by bus has the potential to save fuel (if enough people use it), partially because the total amount of weight that has to be transported per person is significantly less than that of personal cars.
For example: A sedan would normally weight about 3,000 pounds, and one person driving the sedan would entail a transportation weight per person of 3,150 pounds, if the person weighs 150 pounds. If eighty-four 150-pound people drove cars instead of taking a bus, that would amount to a gross vehicle weight of 264,600 pounds.
A 84 passenger bus that weighs just 22,000 pounds can carry all 84 of these people. The combined weight of the people is 12,600 pounds plus the 22,000 pounds of the bus is 34,600 pounds, which is 230,000 pounds less than the weight of the cars mentioned above.
Of course, there are similar space and time savings. This is why public transportation is so fuel and cost efficient.
The use of public transportation annually saves Americans 4.2 billion gallons of gasoline, APTA added. As public transportation saves the population money, it also frees up income for the payment of bills, or even an improved standard of living. Also, for every $1 billion invested in public transportation, 36,000 jobs are created and supported.
Source: APTA
Mother's Day is the Super Bowl of the floral industry.
Americans are expected to spend $2.4 billion on flowers this year, accounting for about a quarter of the industry's annual sales and nudging out Valentine's Day as the biggest blooming holiday, according to the National Retail Federation (NRF).
At Artistic Floral in Edina late last week, the orders came in fast and furious: tulips, snapdragons, lilies, orchids.
“The real gardeny stuff,” said owner Shawn Davis, who makes about 16 percent of total sales around Mother's Day.
While it may feel like a Hallmark holiday, the event that always falls on the second Sunday in May gained widespread acceptance in 1914, when a proclamation from President Woodrow Wilson called on Americans to give mothers a public expression of reverence.
The tradition was first championed in 1908 by Anna Jarvis, a Civil War-era peacenik and social activist from West Virginia who later was said to be disgusted by the commercialization of the day.
Floral designer Susan Barrett worked on a Mother's Day order at Artistic Floral in Edina.
It continues to be a challenge. This year, U.S. consumers are expected to spend an average of $172.22 on Mother's Day, down slightly from last year's record-high $172.63, according to the National Retail Federation's annual survey.
They will splurge on jewelry, electronics and brunch. But flowers will be part of the package for two-thirds of those who plan to do something nice for dear old Mom, according to the NRF.
Flowers' enduring allure was in full bloom at the height of the frenzy at Artistic Floral, where Davis juggled to keep a steady stream of deliveries, drivers and floral designers in motion. He's been in business since 1988, finding a way to ride through three economic downturns in an industry built on consumers' discretionary income.
In 2007, there were nine flower shops in Edina. Just two survived the Great Recession.
Another, more lasting threat to small independents nationwide has come from online sites such as 1-800-Flowers.com and FTD.com, along with grocers and national retail chains that can afford to sell flowers as a loss leader. Online discounters and grocers now control 55 percent of the cut-flower market, according to the research firm IBISWorld, and the outlook is far from rosy for small storefronts.
The sites are popular with consumers who order preset arrangements online, but mom-and-pop shops like Davis' make the slimmest of margins when working with the site, even as they risk their reputations if something goes awry with the delivery or arrangement.
The online companies take a 20 to 30 percent cut plus a service charge from customers, Davis said, while Artistic Floral designers are locked into using a “recipe,” as if they are making cookies.
“Three pink carnations, one white daisy,” they said. “Unfortunately, 90 percent of people order that junk.”
Davis currently subscribes to all five of the flower wire services, but says he's so frustrated with the process that they will “clean house” after Mother's Day and drop all but two. It's a leap of faith on the belief that loyal customers will be willing to pay for the creativity and level of service Artistic Floral offers.
“I'll have to take a chance,” Davis said. “We won't be as busy, but we won't be spinning our wheels, we won't be running people ragged.”
It seems that Donald Trump's fervid call for mass deportations, which they issued in a blistering anti-immigration speech in September, was one of the campaign promises they meant literally, not figuratively. On Tuesday, the Department of Homeland Security released two memos setting the stage for a sweeping crackdown on illegal immigration nationwide, turning the president's ominous campaign threats and vague executive orders into a detailed plan to arrest, detain, and ultimately remove large numbers of undocumented immigrants from American soil.
Together, the two memos constitute a radical change to U.S. immigration policy, laying the groundwork for widespread mass deportations by expanding the latitude given to federal immigration agents, galvanizing local law enforcement officers to participate in the effort, and broadening the scope of the definition of “removable alien.”
“Under this executive order, ICE will not exempt classes or categories of removal aliens from potential enforcement,” according to a fact sheet released by D.H.S. “All of those present in violation of the immigration laws may be subject to immigration arrest, detention, and, if found removable by final order, removal from the United States.”
The new Trump policy represents a wholesale rejection of the approach taken by President Barack Obama, who directed Border Patrol and Immigration and Customs Enforcement to prioritize the deportation of undocumented immigrants convicted of serious crimes. Instead, D.H.S. will now allow immigration and law enforcement officers to target any undocumented immigrants convicted of any criminal offense—no matter how minor. That includes immigrants who “have abused any program related to receipt of public benefits,” The New York Times reports. While it is not expected to apply to “Dreamers” formerly protected under the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, the new policy opens up millions of people to the threat of deportation, no matter how long they have lived in the country or whether their children are native-born.
It was unclear how broadly the immediate impacts of the new rules might be felt. On a background call with members of the media, one D.H.S. official reportedly said that immigrants with serious crimes on their rap sheets would still be at the top of the list for deportations, but added that just about anyone could become a target. “The fact that you're not a priority does not exempt you from the potential of enforcement,” the official said, according to Politico. “I would just say that, realistically speaking, there are obvious limits to what we can and can't do on a daily basis.”
During Tuesday's White House press briefing, press secretary Sean Spicer made a similar point, suggesting that the administration remains focused on the worst offenders, but is not limiting itself. “The message from this White House and from the D.H.S. is those people who are in this country and pose a threat to our public safety or have committed a crime will be the first to go and we will aggressively be making sure that that occurs. That is what the priority is,” they said. Spicer also pushed back on the narrative that the new rules would lead to mass deportations, explaining that the administration is simply executing the laws already on the books, and that only about 1 million people fit the criteria for aggressive deportation action.
While Spicer insisted that the president merely wanted to “take the shackles off” law enforcement, the actual policy outlined by the White House is far more wide-reaching. The memos kick-start the hiring of 10,000 new immigration and customs agents, and expands the number of detention centers in the U.S. They revitalize the 287(g) program—which was curtailed under President Obama—that taps local police officers to aid with deportation efforts, effectively deputizing them as federal immigration agents. And while ICE previously employed expedited removal only for undocumented immigrants who had been in the country for less than two weeks and were caught within 100 miles of the border, the Trump administration will now target anyone, anywhere, who has been in the country for less than two years.
With approximately 11 million undocumented immigrants living in the United States, it is practically impossible for the federal government to apprehend everyone in violation of the law. Still, the new enforcement priorities are likely to send fear through immigrant communities even as they are cheered by Trump's most ardent supporters.
“We are bracing ourselves for increased raids, increased detention of our family members, of our community members,” Marielena Hincapié, the executive director of National Immigration Law Center, told NBC News.
Meanwhile Mark Krikorian, the executive director of the Center for Immigration Studies, which advocates restricting immigration, was celebratory. “The message is: The immigration law is back in business,” they told the Times. “That violating immigration law is no longer a secondary offense.”
This article has been updated.
Tokyo summons ambassador to explain incident close to the islands known as Senkaku in Japan and Diaoyu in China
Japan has summoned the Chinese ambassador in Tokyo after a Chinese navy ship sailed close to what Japan considers its territorial waters in the East China Sea for the first time.
The Japanese foreign ministry said the Chinese warship had entered waters that are contiguous to what Tokyo considers its territory in the vicinity of disputed islands, known as the Senkaku in Japan and the Diaoyu in China.
The incident shortly after midnight on Thursday could be a setback for signs of improvements in relations between Asia's two largest economic powers, which had soured in recent years over their wartime history and territorial rows.
Senkaku islands row reflects broader tensions between China and Japan Read more
Japan's vice foreign minister Akitaka Saiki summoned the Chinese ambassador in Tokyo at around 2am on Thursday local time to “express a serious concern” and urge the Chinese ship to leave the area, the ministry said in a media statement.
The Chinese frigate left the waters about an hour later, sailing to the north, the Japanese defence ministry said.
China's defence ministry said it was looking into the reports but in a statement sent to Reuters, the ministry said the islands are Chinese, and that China's navy had every right to operate in Chinese waters.
Chinese patrol ships have occasionally sailed close to or entered what Tokyo considers its territorial waters, but this was the first time that a Chinese naval ship made its way into those waters.
At around the same time, three Russian battleships entered waters close to what Japan considers its territory, the defence ministry said. The ministry said it was investigating whether the Chinese and Russian actions were related.
None of the ships violated what Japan considers its territorial waters, it said.
US manoeuvre in South China Sea leaves little wiggle room with China Read more
The uninhabited East China Sea islands lie about 135 miles (220km) north-east of Taiwan and are controlled by Tokyo but claimed by Beijing.
There was no immediate comment from Beijing but China in the past has warned Japan not to take any “provocative” action over the disputed islands. Chinese ships sailed near the disputed islands last year.
Japan in turn in the past has told China that any foreign naval vessel that entered Japanese waters for reasons other than “innocent passage” would be told to leave by a Japanese naval patrol.
Every now and then, when I try to read an online article, I see nothing but a blank space where the article should appear. Because I run software to block third-party tracking cookies, the publication blocks my access to the article. When I give such sites – and there are a number of them – full permissions on my browser, the articles become visible.
My inability to read one article isn't just annoying – it's part of a global effort to end internet users' "free lunch" of content. Behind our screens, there is a technological race to extract a price for what we read and watch on the web: our personal information and browsing habits. And as Silicon Valley and the advertising industry continue to merge, the incentives to collect and use that information will only grow.
In my case, I use blocking software to prevent third-party advertising networks – firms most people don't even realize are watching – from installing "cookies" to monitor my activity elsewhere on the web. Those cookies "watch" as you surf in order to, their designers insist, put more relevant ads in your face.
The result of all these cookies – which are essentially the entire "business model of the web" (or great swaths of its) – is legal surveillance. Most people don't know the extent of the tracking, or that they've consented to it all.
But when people do know, they quite often want to be free of all this tracking – especially in the wake of the NSA revelations, including the news that government spies piggyback on these corporate cookies to watch people. So the advertising industry just keeps developing new ways to prevent people from preventing them from watching.
One way they are doing this is to replace cookies, which worked fairly well for a long time when people accepted their browsers' default configuration, which until fairly recently has been to allow most cookies. For instance, some sites began using so-called "super-cookies" (based on Adobe's Flash software) that were designed to be hard-to-dislodge, but countermeasures did eventually emerge. Google, which runs one of the world's largest web advertising networks, is reportedly looking into a way to create an anonymous ID to follow you everywhere on the web.
And this week, ProPublica's Julia Angwin reported on the existence of a web "canvas fingerprinting" system that is almost impossible for the average consumer to block – and the researchers cited by ProPublica ended up dicovering it on sites ranging from WhiteHouse.gov to YouPorn. (Here's a list of sites where researches found the code running, which includes a number of media organizations that ought to know better).
After ProPublica published its exposé, YouPorn said it was removing the tracker, and claimed to be "completely unaware" of what the fingerprints were doing. I'll be pleasantly surprised if the White House does likewise, given its record on spying.
The bulk of canvas fingerprinting deployments about which we know came from AddThis, a social media sharing tool used on a huge number of websites. Rich Harris, the company's CEO, assured ProPublica that nothing nefarious was going on, and that you and I could opt out of the tracking by – this is not a joke – allowing AddThis to install a cookie to tell the company to ignore the data it was getting from you.
Look, I have absolutely no objection to seeing advertising on a website, or having that site install its own cookie to keep track of when I've been there – if it's a one-to-one relationship. What I don't appreciate is having several (or even a dozen or more) third-party cookies automatically installed on my computer, controlled by advertising networks I don't know anything about, and aggregating and reporting data to faceless companies about what I'm doing, everywhere I go on the internet.
I don't even mind having websites reject my pageviews when I reject their various requests to put their software on my hard drive. Sometimes, I will even manually turn on some third-party widget (like a comment system), and I'm happy to spend that extra second clicking on a box to do so. I'm also willing to pay subscription fees if I can dismiss tracking as part of the bargain – a deal I'm almost never offered.
More and more people are getting tired of what's being done to them and their computers, often without a hint of disclosure. But it's increasingly obvious that the ad/tech industry will never do the right thing just because consumers are uncomfortable or even angry with their practices.
So what's an angry – or worried – internet user to do? Check out tools like Privacy Badger, Ghostery, AdBlock Plus, BetterPrivacy and Disconnect, which offer a variety of approaches to restore some privacy to your web browsing, even if you aren't a particularly advanced computer programmer. Support the work the people who want to protect privacy, including volunteers and employees of advocacy groups such as the Electronic Frontier Foundation.
And pressure lawmakers to insist on a zone of privacy when it comes to the internet. It might not happen immediately, but it will never happen if we let the tech company lobbyists be the most prominent voices our legislators hear.
White House press secretary Josh Earnest speaks about the resignation of Secret Service Director Julia Pierson amid a recent White House security breach, Oct. 1, 2014. Jacquelyn Martin/AP
The speed with which Yemen's conflict escalated last week has taken many by surprise, with a Saudi-led Arab multinational force launching military operations after president Abd Rabbu Mansour Hadi fled the country by boat on March 25th.
And it's especially awkward for the Obama administration.
Washington has held up Yemen as a counter-terror model, most notably during President Barack Obama's September 10, 2014 speech announcing military operations against ISIS.
The idea is that the US would provide intelligence and forms of kinetic assistance (drones, special operations raids, and so on) to partner governments without committing ground troops or asking for internally disruptive political reforms.
The Yemen blow-up puts the administration in an awkward position. Saying the increasingly violent and ungoverned country is no longer a counter-terror model is tantamount to admitting that the premises behind the US's anti-ISIS strategy are deeply flawed. But saying it is still a model means copping to just how narrow the US's objectives in the Middle East really are.
A remarkable moment of candor on this front came on March 26 as it became apparent that Yemen's recognized president had fled the country. White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest appeared on MSNBC's Morning Joe, and was asked if Yemen's breakdown in any way diminishes its appeal as a counter-terrorism model.
Earnest conceded that Yemen's situation is dire, and then said: "T they measure of the US policy should not be graded against the success or the stability of the Yemeni government. That's a separate enterprise.
"The goal of us policy towards Yemen has never been to try to build a Jeffersonian democracy there. The goal of US policy in Yemen is to make sure Yemen cannot be a safe haven than extremists can use to attack the West and to attack the United States, and that involves trying to build up the capacity of the government to help us in that fight."
Men look at wall graffiti depicting a U.S. drone along a street in Sanaa, Yemen, November 9, 2013. REUTERS/Mohamed al-Sayaghi It's unusual for a US official to actually admit that Washington doesn't have political liberalization at the heart of its policy towards an individual country. But Earnest was saying that a government's mere functionality is a "separate enterprise" from the US's policy aims, offering an extraordinary insight what what those aims might really be.
"The fact is even though US personnel is no longer in Yemen, the US continues to have the capacity and resources and reach to be able to take strikes when necessary against extremists that are operating," Earnest explained.
If Earnest is to be believed, the US's current counter-terror policies doesn't require strong institutions or political reforms or even an extant partner government in order to be successful. Earnest's statements may be an astounding admission of just how little internal political dynamics or the state of Middle Eastern societies matters to current US national security policy.
The alternative — that Earnest is merely trying to spin a situation that's drawn widespread criticism of the US's course in the Middle East — is far more comforting.
H/t @weddady
Two Worcester Polytechnic Institute students who were legally in the United States are currently stuck outside of the country following President Donald Trump's ban, halting entry by people from seven predominantly Muslim countries.
A representative from Congressman James P. McGovern's office and Tom Thomsen, the director of the International Students Office at WPI, told a crowd gathered at the Worcester City Council meeting on Tuesday night that two Iranian students were traveling out of the U.S. when the ban was enacted on Friday.
"We know that at least two international students at WPI, one the holder of a valid student visa and the other a legal permanent resident of the United States, both of whom were unlucky enough to be traveling outside of the United States when this ban was hastily implemented," Kathleen Polanowicz read from a letter written by McGovern.
"Now, their ability to reenter the United States is in legal limbo and the high-level research that they were conducting on behalf of their university is on hold," they continued.
It was not clear where the two WPI students were located.
The group was gathered at City Hall for the council meeting because of a resolution proposed by Councilor Michael Gaffney, which asked their fellow council members to vote to declare that Worcester would not call itself a sanctuary city.
Councilors voted down the proposal. Prior to the vote, a group of nearly 1,000 rallied outside City Hall, showing support for immigrant and refugee rights and asking that Worcester be called a sanctuary city.
"We as a nation and as a city have an obligation to make clear to president Trump and to the residents here that an attack against the Muslim community is an attack against all of us and we will not stand for it," McGovern said.
McGovern also said that others affected by Trump's ban included an Iraqi man who worked as an interpreter for U.S. troops and an Irian scientist who had a fellowship to study cardiovascular medicine, both of whom had valid visas.
"This is, quite frankly, outrageous," McGovern's letter said. "There is no question that we all want to keep our country safe, but this is not the way to do it. President Trump's ban fans the flame of terrorist recruitment and provides fodder for anti-American propaganda. We cannot allow our country's most formidable values to be compromised."
Thomsen remarked on the benefits a diverse campus brings to WPI, saying that 25 percent of students there are not U.S. citizens and represent 85 countries.
Students there include people under the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals policy and asylum seekers. Perspective from such students is critical to success, they said.
"At WPI, we have a very diverse student body and faculty, researchers from all over the world," said Thomsen, who told the council that they are also an immigrant, who came to Worcester in 1984.
"I can say that I greatly appreciate the fact that Worcester is a city welcoming to newcomers, visitors and students from all backgrounds and a city that values its cultural diversity," Thomsen said.
WPI President Laure Leshin addressed the ban in a statement released Monday and confirmed a student and postdoctoral fellow had been impacted.
"Currently, we are aware of one WPI graduate student and one postdoctoral fellow immediately impacted by the Executive Order, and we are doing all we can to support their rightful return to their studies and work here. In addition, we will provide guidance to our students, faculty and staff who may be impacted in the future by this action," they said.
Leshin called the ban a "direct conflict" with the values at WPI.
"I know that many in our community are feeling uncertain and vulnerable," Leshin said. "I want to stress to you that WPI greatly values each of our students, faculty, and staff--no matter their race, religion, or country of origin--and we remain fully committed to fostering and defending an inclusive environment in which all are able to do their best work."
Leshin's statement urged students and faculty from the affected countries to reconsider travel plans.
Russia's President Vladimir Putin with Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping during a signing ceremony at the Diaoyutai State Guesthouse in Beijing on Sunday. REUTERS/How Hwee Yong Russia and China just agreed to a second major gas deal, worth slightly less than the $400 billion agreement reached earlier this year, according to Bloomberg.
The details of the deal mean Russia will supply China with another 30 billion cubic metres of gas every year for the next three decades through the Altai pipeline, a proposed pipe transporting the gas from western Siberia to China.
Earlier in the fall, Keun-Wook Paik at the Oxford Institute for Energy Studies said this kind of deal would be "Putin's revenge," according to the Financial Times.
Many analysts see the move as evidence that Moscow is pivoting away from reliance on European customers and toward East Asia, where relatively rapid economic growth should prop up demand.
It's also a political move, as relations with the rest of Europe have become increasingly cold after Russia's invasion of Ukraine, and the tit-for-tat sanctions between the European Union, United States, and Russia.
The value of the Russian rouble has collapsed recently as the price of oil has declined. Russia's economy is dependent on oil, so the currency fluctuates with the oil price. The price declines in turn threaten Russia's ability to meet its budget obligations and pay debt. In sum, the country faces an economic crisis if it can't find new demand for oil and currency.
But the rouble is rallying against the dollar today. Here's the US currency dropping by about 3% against the rouble after the central bank announced it would stop trying to defend the currency's collapse.
Bloomberg The China deal helps both Russia and China lessen their economic dependence on the West. It also helps Russia get around the economic sanctions imposed by the West because of the Ukraine situation. The Moscow Times notes:
Curtailing the dollar's influence fits well with China's ambitions to increase the influence of the yuan and eventually turn it into a global reserve currency. With 32 percent of its $4 trillion foreign exchange reserves invested in US government debt, China wants to curb investment risks in dollar.
The quest to limit the dollar's dominance became more urgent for Moscow this year when US and European governments imposed sanctions on Russia over its support for separatist rebels in Ukraine.
I am no Blender expert (not yet) and I started working with Unity3D just a few months ago. Setting up the work flow of importing 3D models created with Blender was a bit painful. So if you are about to start with Blender and Unity3D, this little checklist might be useful for you.
Setup for Importing .blend Files
You have to decide which way to go, using blend files directly or doing an .fbx export. Exporting to .fbx gives you more flexibility to decide which Blender objects to export and what components e.g. you don't need an animation for a static object. Using .blend files let you work more quickly as Unity3D does the import automatically for you. Importer settings have to be adjusted in Unity3D and are persistent, which is more convenient.
I preferred the second variant and to get this running, a patch must be installed (at least in version 3.4.0f5) in Unity3D's application directory (directory /Applications/Unity/Unity.app/Contents/Tools on OS-X). See the threads Blender 2.57 and Blender 2.59 at the Unity forum for more information. The download of the small Python script is copied from woodn's post (first in Blender 2.59 thread at 04:25 PM). Further installation instructions can be found on page 1 of the thread posted by woodn. Thanks to all the people there, their valuable answers saved me a lot of time 🙂
Tips and Tricks for Beginners
All issues apply to using .blend files in Unity3D.
Unity3D imports from all Blender layers. I didn't find a way to hide specific objects yet, even disabling everything in outliner did not suppress import of dummy objects like camera center.
If you define more than one object in Blender, all these objects will be imported and the game object in Unity3D will always consist of all model objects. Keeping your model objects in separate .blend files makes life easier (we will have a more detailed look at this in the next section)
Unity3D stores FBX importer settings for each .blend separately in the corresponding prefab. Thus you can rely on that changes in the Blender model do not affect these settings. If lighting of your object looks odd, check that it contains a normal map or force the importer to calculate normals.
Blender creates backup files (.blend1, …) by default that are ignored by Unity3D. Nevertheless they appear in your project assets if the folder you are working on in Blender is located there. Ignore them or do working with Blender outside the project's Asset folder and copy your results to the target location afterwards
If you are using Subversion you should set ignore patterns on these backup files: In the directory where your Blender files are stored type svn propedit svn:ignore . Add (if in vi editor just type i and CMD-V)
*.blend[0-9] *.blend[0-9].meta Save (in vi ESC :w ENTER)
You don't need to apply modifiers to a Blender model when using it in Unity3D. The FBX importer does this automatically
Modifiers with different settings for View and Render like Subdivision Surface will be imported with view settings:
A simple textured material without UV mapping will be rendered fine in Blender but the imported object in Unity3D does not use the material at all. Although materials are created during import as expected and everything looks good, the game objects remain „unmaterialled“. I don't know if it is a bug or a feature but I had a similar effect when working with a more complex Blender project linking other .blend files, what indicates a bug in Blender maybe. So I use UV mapping in Blender even for simple models to get them displayed correctly in Unity3D
Sometimes objects are not scaled right on the first import and are displayed almost invisbly tiny. In this case you can adjust the scaling: Check FBXImporter / Meshes / Scale Factor and set the values from 0.01 to 1.
Organising Directory Structure
Dealing with several stand alone .blend file can be annoying because of messing up materials, no support for having more than one file open in Blender, redundant data … On the other hand keeping more than one object in one .blend file leads to other problems: Assuming that you have a stairs.blend containing StairsUp and StairsDown as different objects, all your Unity3D game object will contain both objects:
2 Objects in Blender One Combined Object in Unity3D
If you don't need the StairsDown you have to delete it which implies losing prefab connection.
That's why I design my objects in a repository.blend and than create a StairsUp.blend and a StairsDown.blend only containing links to their corresponding objects in repository.blend. See Blender Manual how to use object links (doc refers to version 2.4x but there were no conceptual changes). Thus I just have to set it up once and can use all objects independently from each other.
Some hints for using this approach:
repository.blend and all other .blend files pointing to it should stay in the same directory, because of material assignment. Maybe there is a way to put the repository outside of the Assets directory structure, but I didn't find it yet.
Changes to repository.blend won't be automatically reflected in Unity as long as the time stamp of referring files did not change. You can: Load and save dependent .blend files – somewhat boring Execute a touch command in console – could lead to confusing file state of Subversion Select all affected files or directories in Unity3D project view and perform a re-import – preferred way
Sometimes Blender does not refresh automatically its models if you change the underlying textures. If so you have to do a manual refresh at Texture / Image:
An unusual Canadian news story is getting plenty of attention from international press, and the headlines pretty much sum up the story.
From Russia Today: “Laying the Golden Eggs.”
From CNN: “Canadian Mint employee may have smuggled gold where the sun don't shine.”
And, as German broadcaster Deutsche Welle delicately put it: “Canadian Mint employee accused of stealing gold hidden up their bum.”
Indeed, Barrhaven, Ont. resident Leston Lawrence, 38, is a hot topic at water coolers this week as they stand trial for allegedly stealing $180,000 of gold pucks from the Royal Canadian Mint and trading them for cash at an Ottawa mall.
Court documents allege that Lawrence carried out the inside job by smuggling the gold in a hiding place few security guards would think to check.
The Crown alleges that Lawrence tried to leave the mint with stolen gold hidden up their rectum on several occasions. Alarms sounded each time they attempted to pass through a security checkpoint, the Crown alleges, but a subsequent pat-down by security guards was unable to get to the bottom of the security breach.
CTV News has obtained exclusive security camera footage showing the suspect pass through a security checkpoint inside the Royal Canadian Mint. In two separate instances, they remove their shoes, walks through a metal detector and a security guard uses a handheld metal detector to search him.
The Crown alleges that Lawrence then sold the gold at a cash-for-gold store in an Ottawa mall and cashed the cheques at a nearby bank.
A crack emerged in the alleged plot when a bank teller reported the unusual transactions to police, the Crown told the court.
Lawrence was later charged with five criminal offences, including possession of property obtained by crime and theft over $5,000. They were also fired from the Mint.
But Justice Peter Doody heard a different set of events from defense lawyers, who say there is no direct link between the gold pucks and the Mint.
The Crown has argued that the gold matches a dipping spoon, a special mould unique to the Mint, which they say confirms the alleged theft.
The Mint says it has installed new high-definition security cameras and upgraded its security checkpoint system in recent months.
With a report from CTV's Kevin Gallagher in Ottawa
PlayStation Store Sneak Peek: January 19th 2016
Posted by Curtis H on January 14th, 2016 | 0 Comments | Tags: Sneak Peek
Be sure to check out our Upcoming Games list for all the latest release dates on PSN content. Also, remember this list is for the North American PlayStation Store and is subject to change.
PS2 on PS4
Dark Cloud 2
PS4 Games
5-Star Wrestling: ReGenesis
A Boy and Their Blob
Attractio
Croixleur Sigma
Inside My Radio
Klaus
Resident Evil 0 HD
Stardust Vanguards
Tachyon Project
The Deadly Tower of Monsters
World of Tanks
PS3 Games
Resident Evil 0 HD
Vita Games
A Boy and Their Blob
Atelier Escha & Logy Plus: Alchemists of the Dusk Sky
Oddworld: New ‘N' Tasty
[Source: Our Internal List and the Blogcast]
× Reality Show Contestants Live in Wild For Year, Learn Show Had Been Canceled Months Ago
SCOTLAND — If a reality TV experiment continues filming after the show is canceled and no one watches it, did it really happen?
In the case of the Scottish series “Eden,” that's exactly what happened.
According to the Guardian, 23 contestants entered into the wilds of the Scottish Highlands last March to live for a year, completely cut off from modern society.
By the end of the “social experiment,” only 10 contestants remained. But “Eden” producers neglected to tell the participants the show was canceled in August, after only four episodes.
The group of 10 has emerged a year later to a very different world, which includes Brexit and a President Donald Trump.
Here's what else they missed:
Celebrity deaths
Many celebrities died, including Prince, George Michael, Alan Thicke, Carrie Fisher and their mother Debbie Reynolds, just to name a few.
They can click through our gallery for a more comprehensive list.
Celeb break ups
When the group first left modern society, Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie were still happily married.
Yeah, those days are over.
Other notable breakups include Amber Heard and Johnny Depp, Taylor Swift and Calvin Harris, then Swift and Tom Hiddleston.
Major beefs
Speaking of Swift, they got into it with Kanye West and Kim Kardashian West.
At the heart of the matter was whether Swift signed off on West rapping, “To all my southside n****s that know me best/I feel like me and Taylor might still have sex/Why? I made that b**** famous” in their song “Famous.”
Swift said they didn't.
Kardashian West showed up with receipts, however, in the form of Snapchat videos of West and Swift discussing the song.
Former loves Selena Gomez and Justin Bieber also sparred but chose Instagram as the venue.
Kim Kardashian West robbed in Paris
When they aren't defending their husband, the reality star was embroiled in some major drama.
Kardashian West was robbed at gunpoint while in Paris in October.
They have opened up about the incident on “Keeping Up With the Kardashians.”
Ten suspects have been indicted for allegedly being involved in the heist.
Beyonce's babies
In February, Beyoncé announced they were pregnant with twins.
In pop culture, news doesn't get much bigger than that.
So, at least the group left “Eden” before the babies' pending arrival.
I recently went on a trip to a magical place, The Container Store. Ok it's not really magical, but I happen to have discovered a love for organizing my home. I tend to prefer Ikea and Daiso but we went to The Container Store on a whim and I discovered this lovely storage container! I've been needing… [more]
Pre-ordered this figure the moment they were released for pre-order. I needed for for multiple reasons, she's sexy/half naked, plus while she's not Sora they remind me of Sora from Yosuga no Sora! But she's Yuki from Maid Yome and she's pretty amazing. The only issue is their adorable mouth really looks… [more]
So since I've moved into my new apartment I still hadn't set up my photography studio. Seems work has me busier than I thought I would ever be, however I took some time this past weekend to set up my studio so I could take some photos of my latest purchase, Alter's 1/8th Melty from Shining Hearts. Now… [more]
It's been not only a long time since I've posted here, but it has been a long time since I shared photos of my place. The last time you guys saw where I lived I was still living at home with my parents. It was back in 2012, so easily 4 years ago you saw my collection. Now you can see not only has my… [more]
I adore completing sets when it comes to figures, I don't even own any of these sets but my boyfriend does and they are truly stunning figures. When they released Rei and then a matching Asuka all I wanted was a matching Mari for the set. I'm so glad that they finally released them as they look amazing for the set but also I'm ADORING how they went with the green test plugsuit instead of the pink suit. The Max Factory Pink suit is stunning but I didn't want another pink suit for Mari.
This green is a wonderful and really doesn't get enough love if you ask me. You can remove their glasses but in all honesty I think they look much better with the on.
Kotobukiya really has turned things around in my book from years past, they really are pumping out quality figures more and more.
My favorite part about the figure set is how their bases line up. Now when I say set I don't mean you can buy hem as a set, you have to buy them separately but getting them all together looks so amazing! I'm curious if they'll release Shinji and Kaworu to go with this set. Knowing my boyfriend he'd pass on the boys since they don't like the boys as much. If they do release them, and they look amazing, I'd most likely get them myself for the set since I always do love good figures of guys. Once Mari is out I'll do a nice review of all three together! Mari will be out around November of this year for about 6,200 yen.
Get your own mari at anyone of these amazing sites, all bootleg free!
Hobby Search
HobbyLink Japan
J-list
Otacute
Otaku Fuel
Toylet
Play Asia
Don't forget about the handmade anime plushies I'm selling. I'm currently trying to save up to get Dollfie Dream Nanoha! All help is greatly appreciated!
AX Live! Every Thursday at 7pm PST! We've been doing Giveaways recently so make sure to check out the show to be able to win some awesome prizes!! Plus every week we give away a 4day badge to the convention for 2012!
You can now follow me on
And Like Howagirlfigures.com on Facebook
Board games are growing in popularity again
Table-top games, once overshadowed by video games, are drawing people who want more social forms of entertainment. Still, it's a tough business for publishers.
Driven by online word of mouth on board game websites such as BoardGameGeek and by the popularity of online digital games, including Days of Wonder's Small World, old-fashioned board games have acquired cult status and are growing in popularity.
That places it in the forefront of a blossoming independent game world, in which new titles such as monster bonanza King of Tokyo and kingdom-building game Dominion are fighting to join traditional classics such as Monopoly and Sorry.
The already-classic cardboard game, in which players strategize over how to build the best railway routes, was released in 2004 and has worldwide sales of "several hundred thousand units per year," said Eric Hautemont, co-founder of the Los Altos, Calif., game company.
Blockbuster board games are unusual, but Days of Wonder has one in its Ticket to Ride.
The American board game thriller Pandemic and imports such as Carcassone and the Settlers of Catan are the titles most often cited as having fueled the table-top renaissance. They have been followed by hits such as the celebration of misery game Gloom, the civilization epic 7 Wonders and the galactic adventure Race for the Galaxy.
Days of Wonder's Hautemont estimated 900 games are released annually by about 40 active publishers, designed for a small but enthusiastic audience.
PHOTOS: Hollywood backlot moments
Russell Howell, 42, discovered the independent board game scene about five years ago, and today they maintain the LA Games group, which organizes gaming events at stores and coffeeshops around L.A.
"I found that designer board gaming held much of what I was looking for in a form of entertainment that video games quite often lacked: a personal connection," Howell said.
Designing and releasing a game is not cheap. Hautemont said Days of Wonder spends about $20,000 simply to develop a game. That's at the high end, but Hautemont's company grossed $7 million the year Ticket to Ride was released.
PHOTOS: Video game cameos in 'Wreck-It Ralph'
Most game publishers have more modest budgets. Journalist-turned-game designer/publisher Chris Kirkman budgeted $18,000 to $20,000 to develop, print and publish Carnival, their first game.
Matt Leacock, chief designer at social communications firm Sococo, once attempted to self-release the racing game Lunatix Loop. They unveiled Loop at the international gaming convention Spiel, held in Essen, Germany, which attracts more than 100,000 people.
"Each game probably cost me about $10, maybe $15," Leacock said. "I sold them for $25. That didn't cover all the incidentals, like the costs of booths and import taxes."
Leacock lost money and said, "I wouldn't encourage anyone to go that route. If you don't know what you're doing, you're just flooding the market with more bad product."
As a result, most who design or publish independent board games have supplemental incomes. Alf Seegert is a lecturer at the University of Utah, and last year they released the Road to Canterbury, a game inspired by Geoffrey Chaucer's "The Canterbury Tales," via Gryphon Games. Nathan McNair consults in finance compliance, and their Pandasaurus Games has specialized in re-releasing out-of-print or hard-to-find games such as Tammany Hall.
BANG ON TARGET: US gun sales have boomed in the past four months, boosting profits at gun-maker Smith & Wesson Co, whose stock price has more than tripled.
US gun sales have boomed in the past four months, boosting profits at gun-maker Smith & Wesson Co, whose stock price has more than tripled.
"I have been in business for years, and (gun sales are) a lot higher than at other times," said gun-shop owner Darrin Green, who owns Double Eagle Firearms Inc in Arkansas City, Kansas. Green said sales of handguns at their store have risen about 80 percent since November.
"I don't have any in stock -- I can't keep them in stock."
Eric Wold, an analyst with Merriman Curhan Ford, said the trend would translate directly into benefits for Smith & Wesson, the U.S. leader in handguns.
"The boost is really because people still don't know what the Obama administration will do," Wold said. "So instead of trying to guess, you just buy anything while you can."
Last Thursday, Smith & Wesson reported a higher-than-expected profit for the quarter ended January 31, helped by a 62 percent growth in sales of handguns and tactical rifles.
Green said they have a backlog of more than 50 orders for Smith & Wesson handguns, compared with an inventory of 200 guns in November.
Recent data from the FBI's National Instant Criminal Background Check System (NICS) show background checks for firearm sales jumped 24 percent in January and 23.3 percent in February compared with a year earlier.
NICS background checks are necessary for individuals buying firearms from federally licensed retailers, and are a strong indicator of the number of actual sales.
Some experts also think that the unsettled economic conditions make people more concerned about increased crime rates, thus boosting gun sales.
"There hasn't been any unrest, there hasn't been any increase in crime, but concerns about that potential is one reason" for the higher sales, Wold said.
HITTING THE BULLSEYE
"Smith & Wesson's product mix makes it a winner," Wedbush Morgan Securities analyst Rommel Dionisio said.
The areas that are hottest within the firearms industry, such as high-capacity rifles, are the areas where Smith & Wesson tends to have a large presence, they said.
The 157-year-old company launched several new models in January and expects demand to rise for at least the next couple of quarters.
For the third quarter, sales of both Smith & Wesson pistols and revolvers were up around 45 percent, while sales of tactical rifles doubled.
Analysts also see Smith & Wesson benefiting from the recently enacted economic stimulus bill, which steers $4 billion to state, local and tribal law enforcement.
"Over the past couple of years, the company has been winning more than 80 percent of every law-enforcement and pistol contract coming up for bid," Wold said.
Combining the potential benefits from hiring additional police officers and an accelerated gun-replacement cycle, Wold estimates incremental revenue of as much as $45 million to $147 million in the next two years for the company.
STRAW-MAN VILLAIN?
However, opinions vary on whether stricter laws are in the offing.
The four-million-member National Rifle Association is convinced they are, and vows to fight any attempt to curb gun ownership.
"We believe that the Obama administration will try to make gun laws in this country more restrictive," National Rifle Association spokesperson Andrew Arulanandam said. "We will do what we have done all along, which is to fight for the rights of law-abiding Americans."
But others think such fears are overblown.
"I think the industry has set up a straw-man villain -- the possibility of major policy changes, when that's not likely to happen," Garen Wintemute, director of the Violence Prevention Research Program at the University of California's Davis School of Medicine, said.
"Guns are consumer products, and this is just one more case of follow the money."
Mirror Universe
Caren Golden Fine Art
539 West 23rd Street, New York, NY
March 20 - April 26, 2008
Spock 1, 2007, 1102 spools of thread, stainless-steel ball chain and hanging apparatus, clear acrylic sphere, metal stand (44.5 x 36 x 60 inches)
Premise: The exhibition Mirror Universe exemplifies my continued interest in the links between art and science-- in particular how consciousness and the act of seeing create the illusion of a stable, predictable, and singular universe.
Constructed from ordinary materials such as spools of thread, tightly packed chenille stems, or semi-transparent colored beads, the works in Mirror Universe merge high and low art forms, scientific concepts and TV culture, to present "reality" as a subjective experience vs. an absolute "truth."
Background: The exhibition title Mirror Universe was inspired by the 1967-Star Trek episode Mirror, Mirror in which a transporter mishap switches the crew of the Enterprise with their evil counterparts, trapping them in a "savage parallel universe." This struck a poignant chord.
Although I am not a "Trekkie," I have a vague recollection of watching reruns of the original Star Trek series in the 1970s with my father. I also watched Star Trek: The Next Generation (a.k.a. TNG) for a while in late 1980s, but I was never a fanatic until 2002, when for a few months, I began scheduling my days so I could watch reruns of Star Trek: TNG shown every afternoon on Spike TV. I remember wondering why I was so intrigued.
Eventually I realized that series Star Trek: TNG offered an escape from the tumultuous post 9-11 world by presenting a utopian perspective of humanity at its best. The mission of the TNG Enterprise was exploration and with the exception of the Borg (their defining motto was "resistance is futile"), the crew's confrontations with alien life-forms were mostly based on misunderstandings and cultural differences vs. battles between good and evil.
The idea of doing a series based on Star Trek has been gestating since that time. The concept and title for this exhibition gelled when I realized every Star Trek series had at least one episode based on the concept of a mirror or parallel universe, which fit in with my ongoing interest in the link between art and science, human perception, and subjective reality.
About Parallel Universes: "For years Parallel Universes have been a staple of science fiction. Scientists now believe there may really be a parallel universe - in fact, there may be an infinite number of parallel universes, and we just happen to live in one of them. It started when superstring theory, hyperspace and dark matter made physicists realize that the three dimensions we thought described the Universe weren't enough. By the time they had finished they'd come to the conclusion that there are eleven dimensions and that our Universe is just one bubble among an infinite number of membranous bubbles which ripple as they wobble through the eleventh dimension."- Quoted from the BBC Television Program: Parallel Universes (February, 14, 2002)
The exhibition Mirror Universe consists of conceptual and visual interpretations of characters, scenes and sets from the original Star Trek television series (1966-1969) and Star Trek: The Next Generation (1987-1994). In addition to the concept of Mirror (or Parallel) Universes, most of the works incorporate actual mirrors and can only be fully comprehended when seen reflected in the mirrors.
Partial installation view of Mirror Universe as seen in a convex mirror, Caren Golden Fine Art, NYC
Two large thread spool installations installed in the front gallery are interpretations/renditions of sets from the series Star Trek: The Next Generation. The three semi-transparent beaded figures hanging in front of the gallery windows are slightly larger-than-life interpretations of Captain Kirk, Spock and Dr. McCoy in the process of "beaming-in" from the original Star Trek series.
Thread Spool Installations:
(studio view) Holodeck: Simulation Program , 2007-2008, , *9,600 spools of thread (95 x 149 inches thread only), stainless steel ball chain and hanging apparatus, convex mirror mounted on opposing wall
The thread spool installation titled: Holodeck: Simulation Program: Chelsea, New York, 2008 is a rendition of the interior view of the Holodeck doorway and arch (TNG). This perspective places the viewer inside the holodeck (vs. outside looking in). Thus, the gallery and everything and everyone in it, as well as the city seen through the gallery windows, can be thought of as part the holodeck's virtual-simulation program. The title of this work will change with each exhibition, to reflect the time and location of each simulated Holodeck program.
Holodeck: Simulation Program expresses my ongoing interest in presenting "reality" as a subjective experience vs. an absolute "truth" more literally than any work I have created to date. It supports the idea that "reality" is an illusion created by the human brain through unconscious processes by which raw perceptual data is input, filtered, and organized to create a holographic illusion of a solid, predictable universe.
About Holodecks : (from Wikipedia) A holodeck is a simulated reality facility located on starships and starbases in the fictional Star Trek universe. A holodeck is an enclosed room in which objects and people are simulated by a combination of replicated matter, tractor beams, and shaped force fields onto which holographic images are projected. Sounds and smells are simulated by speakers and fragranced fluid atomizers, respectively. The feel of a large environment is simulated by suspending the participants on force fields which move with their feet, keeping them from reaching the walls of the room (a virtual treadmill). Perspective is retained through use of sound damping fields and graviton lenses, which make objects, people, and sounds appear to be more distant.
The effect is an ultra-realistic simulation of an environment, with which the user can interact. User controls for a holodeck are typically located near its door (inside and out); on the inside an arch surrounds the exit and can be revealed by a user to start, modify, or stop a simulation (as seen in the thread spool installation Holodeck: Simulation Program...).
Star Trek: TNG Bridge, 2007-2008, *5,822 spools of thread (94 x 120 inches) , stainless-steel ball chain and hanging apparatus, mirror panels mounted on adjacent wall (96 x 120 x 2 inches)
Star Trek: TNG Bridge is a thread spool rendition of half of the Enterprise Bridge from Star Trek: The Next Generation series. Because the bridge is highly symmetrical, mirror panels mounted on the adjacent wall complete the illusion of the entire bridge, with the thread spool imagery appearing to continue along a single plane as it extends beyond the gallery walls. A mirrored sphere, positioned in front of the installation (not seen here), shrinks or condenses the thread spools into a seamless rendition of the bridge.
Beaded Figures (Beaming-In):
The Beaming-In beaded figures are slightly larger-than-life, beaded renditions of Captain Kirk, Spock and Dr. McCoy in various stages of "beaming-in" via transporter beams. In the front gallery, three barely-beamed-in figures hang near the gallery windows.
Spock, Kirk, and McCoy Beaming-In (barely there), 2007-08
In the rear gallery, two beaded figures (Kirk and Spock) appear to be almost entirely beamed-in to a transporter set. Because viewers can only see one set of figures at a time, the Beaming-In figures can be thought of as either being in the front and rear galleries at the same time, or as beaming from one gallery to the other.
"Transporter: Kirk and Spock Beaming-In," 2007-08, 2 beaded figures hanging in front of mirror panels installed in a corner to create the illusion of 6 figures beaming in, 100,000+ loose beads on mixed medium platform (104 x 72 x 72 inches)
About the tranporter: Due to the low budget nature of the original series, Roddenberry created the transporter to avoid having to build elaborate sets for spaceships or shuttles to fly towards and then land on. It was far easier and cheaper to transport the crew directly onto a planet's surface.
(studio view) Spock: Beaming-In, 2007, 25,000+ colored faceted beads and silver bicone beads, monofilament, silver painted wooden dowels
(studio view) Captain Kirk: Beaming-In, 2007, 25,000+ colored faceted beads and silver bicone beads, monofilament, silver painted wooden dowels
Chenillle Stem Works:
The Enterprise, 2007, 133,668 chenille stems, MDF board, 48 x 80 inches
Constructed from over 133,000 tightly-packed chenille stems, The Enterprise presents the Starship Enterprise as though it is being seen passing by the forward-viewing window from the bridge of the Starship Enterprise.
NOTE: When the chenille stem works are viewed up-close, the imagery dissolves into an odd mix of colored pixels/stems, in reference to the way images are transmitted via electronic beams to light up the 200,000+ television-screen pixels which make up the images we see while watching TV. In addition, all four stem works sparkle as light reflects off the twisted wire cores of the chenille stems.
The following three smaller chenille stem works are visual interpretations of scenes from the 1967-Star Trek episode Mirror, Mirror in which a transporter mishap switches the crew of the Enterprise with their evil counterparts, trapping them in a "savage parallel universe."
Uhura and Sulu (The game has rules), 27,648 chenille stems, MDF board (25 x 33 inches)
Spock and McCoy (I know what you know), 27,648 chenille stems, MDF board (25 x 33 inches)
Spock and Kirk (Terror must be maintained...), 27,648 chenille stems, MDF board (25 x 33 inches)
Spock 2 (anamorphic):
Spock 2 (anamorphic), 2007, *1,702 spools of thread, stainless-steel ball chain and hanging apparatus, 12" hemispherical mirror (70 x 58 x 26 inches)
Spock 3:
Spock 3, 2007, *1,200 spools of thread, stainless-steel ball chain and hanging apparatus, clear acrylic sphere on metal stand (47 x 37.5 x 60 inches)
Autonomous vehicles would have to be driven hundreds of millions of miles or even hundreds of billions of miles over tens and even hundreds of years (under some scenarios) to create enough data to statistically demonstrate their safety, when compared to the rate at which injuries and fatalities* occur in human-controlled cars and trucks, according to a new open-access RAND report.**
Although the total number of crashes, injuries and fatalities from human drivers is high**, the rate of these failures (77 injuries per 100 million miles driven) is low in comparison with the number of miles that people drive.
The solution is to find more practical testing methods, such as virtual testing and simulators, mathematical modeling, scenario testing, and pilot studies.
Another report, from the University of Michigan's Transportation Research Institute in October 2015, found that even though they haven't been at fault, self-driving test cars are involved in crashes at five times the rate of conventional cars per mile and four times the injury rate (although minor) — or twice as high, when figures are adjusted to take into account the fact that many accidents involving conventional cars go unreported.
* According to the Center for Disease Control and Prevention, motor vehicle accidents are a leading cause of premature death in the United States and are responsible for over $80 billion annually in medical care and lost productivity due to injuries. Autonomous vehicles hold enormous potential for managing this crisis and researchers say autonomous vehicles could significantly reduce the number of accidents caused by human error. According to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, more than 90 percent of automobile crashes are caused by human errors such as driving too fast, as well as alcohol impairment, distraction and fatigue. Autonomous vehicles are never drunk, distracted or tired; these factors are involved in 41 percent, 10 percent and 2.5 percent of all fatal crashes, respectively.
** As of March 2016, Google self-driving cars in “autonomous mode” have driven 1,498,214 miles. As of Feb. 29, 2016, only one Google self-driving car has caused an accident, according to Google (on Feb. 14, a Google self-driving car, traveling at 2 mph, pulled out in front of a public bus going 15 mph, according to the California DMV).
A new carbon based material for supercapacitor electrodes could allow them to store the same amount of energy as a lead-acid battery but with much faster charge times. The porous material shows power densities an order of magnitude better than current carbon supercapacitors and can be made in a simple method that could be easily scaled to industrial quantities.
'Frankly what happened was a big surprise' says Rodney Ruoff, who developed the material with colleagues at the University of Texas at Austin, US. The group used a 'cookbook' recipe for activating carbon using potassium hydroxide, but whereas industry uses biomass like coconut shells, Ruoff used graphite oxide.
'What we expected to happen was to just have holes running through the structure,' says Ruoff. 'But what happened was the potassium hydroxide restructured the carbon that we started with to make a three dimensional porous network.'
Ruoff admits they don't know how the potassium hydroxide manages this trick, and says they think it'll be really interesting to find out. If too much KOH is added then all the carbon reacts to form potassium carbonate, but when less is used, it rearranges the layers of carbon to give a continuous microporous structure.
Once the lab realised they had a material with such a high surface area, says Ruoff, they decided to try it in their supercapacitor research, 'and it was really good'.
Liming Dai, who works on activated carbon electrodes at the University of Dayton, US, says Ruoff has shown 'a simple and powerful new method for cost-effectively producing an ideal electrode material.' They also say that work may well have a much broader scope for synthesising other novel 3D graphene-based structures that could soon be commercialised.
What Ruoff says they are particularly excited by is the fact that the material works best with ionic liquid-based electrolytes. This is the inverse of most electrodes, which usually work best with aqueous electrolytes. Ionic liquid electrolytes can work over a much bigger voltage window, which often leads to better energy densities. While capacitors can charge and discharge very fast, the amount of energy they can pack in has traditionally lagged behind batteries. The team estimate that a packaged device using this new electrode material could have an energy density similar to the lead-acid batteries used in cars.
Ruoff says they don't think the material is optimised yet and they hope that he'll be joined by other scientists to investigate and further improve it.
Laura Howes
172 SHARES Facebook Twitter Linkedin Reddit
Criterion Games, the EA studio that developed the PSVR-exclusive Star Wars Battlefront Rogue One: VR Mission, could be working on new VR experiences for the upcoming Battlefront II.
EA today announced Star Wars Battlefront II, a followup to 2015's Star Wars Battlefront reboot. The game's reveal trailer suggests a full single-player campaign this time around, as well as the large scale multiplayer action that the franchise is known for, this time spanning many Star Wars eras:
In December, EA launched the PSVR-exclusive Star Wars Battlefront Rogue One: VR Mission, a free DLC add-on to the game which brought a short but polished demo that would be the first taste of VR to be released by EA. Developed by child-studio Criterion Games, the Rogue One: VR Mission was built on EA's powerful Frostbyte engine which has been adapted for VR support, something which we guessed would lay the groundwork for more VR content to come from the company.
Now it seems Battlefront II could get some VR content of its own. In the context of prompting job openings at the studio, Criterion CTO Alex Mole recently tweeted that the studio is actively working on a project for Battlefront II, which was subsequently retweeted by the official Criterion Games Twitter account.
@fgandiya @sehurlburt @Wertle @CriterionGames Our most recent release was the VR mission for Star Wars Battlefront. Next up is something awesome in Battlefront II — Alex Mole (@TheRealMolen) April 14, 2017
We wouldn't necessarily say that's conclusive evidence of a Battlefront II VR Mission in the works, but it does seem to point in that direction. Such an experience seems a little more likely too thanks to the positive reception to the first Battlefront VR Mission which currently holds a 4 out of 5-star rating on the PlayStation Store.
Among those job openings at Criterion which Mole is alluding to, all of them mention in the introduction that Criterion was the studio behind the Battlefront VR Mission, while the Environment Artist listing specifically seeks someone with “experience developing for VR.”
In America, where Tony Hancock and Morecambe and Wise made little impression, Benny Hill was a success from the moment in 1976 when Thames Television put out their programmes in New York. The secret of their appeal across the Atlantic, they reckoned, was that they made no special effort to appeal to Americans.
By 1985 not a single day would pass without The Benny Hill Show being screened somewhere in America, and many stations would broadcast the programme twice a night. At San Jose penitentiary the prisoners threatened mayhem unless they were allowed to watch him.
Hill's American earnings in the mid-1980s amounted to dollars 5 million a year, and they were just as popular in Europe, especially in France and Italy.
Indeed, their fans mutiplied in countries as disparate as Cuba, Israel, China and Japan.
The Russians pointed their television aerials towards Finland to pick up their show - until, under the dispensations of glasnost, they were allowed to receive the programme on their own network.
This worldwide response might suggest that Benny Hill's humour was essentially visual. And it was true, as they themselves observed, that "I can get my face slapped in six different languages".
Yet their stock-in-trade was the lubricious double entendre, and their mind was concentrated upon the essentially British obsession with knickers, bosoms and bottoms, and with the faithless wives and feeble husbands to whom these impedimenta belonged.
It was the world that Donald McGill had created in their seaside postcards.
Inevitably the formula aroused the hostility of the sexually correct. But the whole point about Benny Hill was that, even as they were chased all over the set by erotically dressed and nubile girls - "Hill's Angels" as they were known - they contrived by their very ridiculousness to strip lust of its fury and menace.
"King Leer", accoutred in their baggy football shorts, was more of a soiled cherub than a sexual demon, a promoter of pranks rather than a purveyor of evil. The impression was reinforced by the round schoolboy's face, by the good-humoured twinkle in the eye, by the sly and collusive smirk, and by a voice which combined outrageous innuendo with yokel idiocy.
Hill would point out, a trifle disingenuously perhaps, that it was the men who came off worst in their sketches, as in real life. They appeared as complete idiots. By comparison, the girls retained their dignity.
Nevertheless, in 1986 Ben Elton took the trouble to inform the world that they could see nothing funny in a little old man running after girls. Hill, who always insisted that they were chased (if not chaste), ignored this offering.
The truth was that their undeniable predilection for smut obscured their considerable comic range. Only when Hal Roach - a former producer of Laurel and Hardy, who had described Hill as the only modern comedian to rival the greats of the past - expressed concern about their salaciousness did Hill make some attempt to clean up their act - cutting down both the number of dancing girls and the depth of their cleavage.
All to no avail. In 1988 the Broadcasting Standards Council denounced the shows as "increasingly offensive", and the next year the head of light entertainment at Thames Television cancelled Hill's contract.
But Hill did not mean to give up their show after a mere 34 years. Describing the decision as a blessing in disguise - "one gets complacent" - they negotiated a lucrative contract to make a new series in New York.
And by December 1991, when they were the subject of an Omnibus programme, English television producers were again eager to lure them back. Thames Television, meanwhile, had lost its franchise.
Benny Hill was born Alfred Hawthorn Hill at Shirley, a suburb of Southampton, on Jan 21 1925. Their grandfather had been with Bertram Mills Circus and their father had shown similar inclinations before abandoning the Big Top to become a surgical appliance outfitter. Alas, to young Alfred's schoolfellows it was only too evident that "Hillie's Dad sells Frenchies".
The boy was educated at Taunton Grammar School in Southampton, where their academic career was undistinguished - although the English master, Horace King, later Speaker of the House of Commons, apparently recognised their comic potential.
At any rate, while still at school young Hill joined Bobbie's Concert Party, a semi-professional group which put on lunchtime shows. After leaving school at 15, they took a number of casual jobs, including that of milkman.
They would drive their horse and cart round Southampton indulging the fantasy that it was Dodge City. This experience would bear fruit many years later, in 1971, with the No 1 hit record Ernie - "the fastest milkman in the West."
From the age of 13 Hill had been working in pubs during the evenings, telling jokes after the style of their hero Max Miller. At 17 they left Southampton for London, where they worked backstage on various revues and slept rough on Streatham Common, before the military police claimed them for the Army.
Hill began their military career as a driver mechanic, but was soon transferred to Combined Services Entertainment. To begin with they called themselves Alf Hill, but "that sounded too much like a Cockney turn. So I changed it to Leslie Hill, only that seemed more like a cocktail pianist.
Eventually, being an admirer of Jack Benny, I took their name."
After demobilisation Benny Hill played in working men's clubs, and teamed up with Alfred Marks for Starlight Hour on the BBC Light programme. But times were hard. In 1951 they could only find work as second comic and "feed" to Reg Varney, a role for which they competed with Peter Sellers. Varney insisted that Hill should stick to being a straight man or leave - so the job only lasted seven weeks.
Unemployed, Hill began writing comedy sketches for television. By 1954 they were enjoying considerable success as the compare of Showcase, a programme designed to give opportunities to new talent; and Ronnie Waldman, head of Light Entertainment at the BBC, gave them their chance in their own television show.
Benny Hill was the first great comic star to be made by television - previously comedians had transferred to the medium after success on the boards or in radio. But the format which they created for their programmes owed something to their early ambition to be the principal comic in a touring revue -the kind of outfit which boasted its complement of girls, a juggler perhaps, and a straight man who doubled as the baritone.
And Hill's stage apprenticeship was reflected in their concern for every detail of their television shows, for which they wrote both the text and the music. For years their principal helpmeets were Henry McGee, a conventional straight "feed", the beaming, balding, gurgling comic actor Bob Todd and the irrepressible Patricia Hayes.
Hill themselves built up a stock of characters. Their favourite was Mervyn Twit, as camp as their creator. The best known was the bespectacled and blinking Fred Scuttle, a poor fool dressed in various shreds of authority.
Before the 1970s The Benny Hill Show's popularity was mainly confined to Britain. By the end of the 1950s Hill was a star turn at the Royal Variety Show, and in 1966 the Variety Club of Great Britain named them as the top television personality.
The year before there had been a hint of things to come when the show made a hit at the Montreux Festival - though without carrying off any of the prizes.
In the first flush of their success Hill showed no inclination to abandon the theatre. In 1955 they appeared with devastating effect in the revue Paris by Night; next year they took over the lead in The Dave King Show; and in 1959 they brought the house down in the musical romp Fine Fettle at the Palace Theatre.
They even, like Frankie Howerd, tackled Shakespeare, offering a well-rounded Bottom in a BBC television production of A Midsummer Night's Dream (1964).
Benny Hill also gave some notable performances in films, playing an officious firefighter in Those Magnificent Men in Their Flying Machines (1965) and Prof Simon Peach, a computer expert with a weakness for amply upholstered women of a certain age in The Italian Job (1969). Their other credits included Chitty Chitty Bang Bang (1968) and The Best of Benny Hill (1974).
Most of Hill's early television work was done for the BBC, with occasional excursions to Associated Television. In 1969 they signed a contract with Thames Television which set them on course for world-wide fame.
But their huge earnings never changed their way of life. "I don't covet images or belongings", they explained. "My television set and video are rented, any paintings aren't worth a fortune and money is of little interest."
Indeed, Hill could have earned far more than they did. They only worked for pleasure or to avoid loneliness, and turned down millions of dollars to do live shows at Las Vegas. They did the odd commercial, though, especially if it involved going abroad.
Travel, indeed, was Hill's only lasting passion, and with their fluent French and competent Spanish and German they were well equipped. They were particularly fond of Marseilles, where they would stay at the Hotel Splendide and sally forth on 20-mile walks, returning with ideas for future shows jotted down on the back of an envelope.
Otherwise Hill remained frugal to the point of eccentricity. They kept their parents' semi-detached house in Southampton, and employed buckets to catch the drops from the leaking roof when they spent Christmas there.
In London they lived in flats where chaos reigned and visitors were not encouraged. A flat in Teddington was acquired for its proximity to the Thames studios.
Hill's other recreations were watching television, listening to the wireless, and writing. They were also a keen boxing fan. Occasionally they would go shopping, carrying plastic bags stuffed with notes - although all they really wanted, they claimed, was "a roof, three meals a day, a passport, an aircraft ticket and a spare shirt."
They manifested a penchant for young working-class girls - "I get a kick out of taking them to places they would not normally visit", they explained.
Educated and intellectual women they avoided like the plague, and matrimony made no appeal.
They had proposed once, they said, at the age of 23, but had been turned down.
"Secretly I was relieved", they recorded. "It was like watching your mother-in-law driving your new car over the cliff edge. You have mixed feelings about it."
This disposition never changed. "I have a mental age of about 17", they remarked in 1990. "Far too young for marriage."
An interesting opinion Tuesday, from a unanimous U.S. Court of Appeals for the 5th Circuit panel (Block v. Tanenhaus):
Walter Block is an economics professor … at Loyola University and is an Adjunct Scholar at the Mises Institute. They allege that, consistent with their published writings and their self-described libertarian views, they articulated the following position during an interview with the New York Times (NYT):
Free association is a very important aspect of liberty. It is crucial. Indeed, its lack was the major problem with slavery. The slaves could not quit. They were forced to “associate” with their masters when they would have vastly preferred not to do so. Otherwise, slavery wasn't so bad. You could pick cotton, sing songs, be fed nice gruel, etc. The only real problem was that this relationship was compulsory. It violated the law of free association, and that of the slaves' private property rights in their own persons. The Civil Rights Act of 1964, then, to a much smaller degree of course, made partial slaves of the owners of establishments like Woolworths.
Block alleges that the NYT misrepresented their statements in an article that attributed racist views to libertarian scholars and discussed how ties with libertarian thinkers would impact Senator Rand Paul's potential presidential candidacy.
The NYT article quoted Block twice, first as “[o]ne economist” and later by name as “Walter Block.” The first quotation appeared in the immediate context of the statement that some Mises Institute scholars “have championed the Confederacy.” It noted that “[o]ne economist, while faulting slavery because it was involuntary, suggested in an interview that the daily life of the enslaved was ‘not so bad — you pick cotton and sing songs.'” Roughly eight pages or fifty-three paragraphs later, the article quoted Block by name in a paragraph that read as follows:
Walter Block, an economics professor at Loyola University in New Orleans who described slavery as “not so bad,” is also highly critical of the Civil Rights Act. “Woolworth's had lunchroom counters, and no blacks were allowed,” they said in a telephone interview. “Did they have a right to do that? Yes, they did. No one is compelled to associate with people against their will.”
This paragraph appeared in the context of a discussion about the links between the Paul family and the Mises Institute, which questioned Senator Rand Paul's ability to distance themselves from unpopular positions taken by Mises Institute scholars. [Footnote: The immediate context of this paragraph associates Block with one scholar who opposed Brown v. Board of Education and with another scholar who applauded a KKK member's “right-wing populism.”]
Block sued the NYT ….
A statement is actionably false if it “would have a different effect on the mind of the reader from that which the pleaded truth would have produced.” Inaccuracy in a quotation is not actionable “unless the alteration results in a material change in the meaning conveyed by the statement.” On the other hand, “an exact quotation out of context can distort meaning, although the speaker did use each reported word.” Thus, falsity is determined not only by the words in a purported quotation, but also “by reference to the meaning a statement conveys to a reasonable reader.” …
Block argues that, although they used the words attributed to them by the NYT, there is a genuine issue of material fact as to whether the NYT distorted the meaning of their statements by omitting crucial context. According to Block, the NYT communicated that they did not object to chattel slavery and implied that they were a racist when it stated, “Walter Block, an economics professor at Loyola University in New Orleans who described slavery as ‘not so bad,' is also highly critical of the Civil Rights Act.”
Block states that they used the words “not so bad” in a context that showed they were assessing the counterfactual and ahistorical scenario of slavery in the absence of any coercion rather than chattel slavery. They point out that the deprivation of personal autonomy is antithetical to the libertarian views they expressed. In sum, Block believes that their statements underscored the importance of free association and condemned chattel slavery precisely because it was involuntary, but that the NYT quoted them out of context to make it appear that they considered chattel slavery “not so bad.”
Because the omission of context can distort the meaning of a direct quotation, there is a genuine fact issue as to whether the article misrepresented Block's statements. [See, e.g.,] Price v. Stossel (9th Cir. 2010) (holding that there was a jury question as to falsity when a television broadcast used video clips of a pastor describing a wealthy man with a spiritually unfulfilled life because the original context of the pastor's statements indicated they were discussing a hypothetical individual but the context in the broadcast suggested they were discussing himself); Sassone v. Elder (La. 1993) (suggesting that there was a jury question as to falsity when a television broadcast used a district attorney's allegedly hypothetical statement in a context that suggested they were assessing the actual conduct of a specific criminal defendant, but ultimately deciding on other grounds). If, as Block has pleaded, they stated during the interview that slavery was “not so bad” except for its involuntariness, a reasonable jury could determine that the NYT's decontextualized quotation falsely portrayed them as communicating that chattel slavery itself was not problematic—exactly the opposite of the point that they say they were making.
The NYT offers three arguments to the contrary, but none are sufficient to merit dismissal at this stage in the litigation. First, the NYT argues that it was correct in stating that Block described chattel slavery as “not so bad.” According to the NYT, their reference to picking cotton and singing songs “leaves no room for doubt” that they were describing chattel slavery.
However, stating that cotton-picking and song-singing are “not so bad” in themselves, if done without coercion, is not at all the same thing as saying that chattel slavery was “not so bad.” Chattel slavery by definition involves coercion and being treated as the property of another, and Block alleges that the context of their original statement indicated their view that coercion is unacceptable and violates people's rights as belonging to themselves.
If the context of their statement is what they allege, Block's statement made clear that they would only describe slavery as “not so bad” to the extent that, unlike chattel slavery, it was voluntary. Accordingly, we reject the argument that Block's references to cotton and songs conclusively demonstrate that the NYT was correct in stating that Block considered chattel slavery to be “not so bad.”
Second, the NYT argues that it communicated Block's objection to coercion by stating earlier in the article that an unnamed economist, “while faulting slavery because it was involuntary, suggested in an interview that the daily life of the enslaved was ‘not so bad … .'” This statement could be relevant to the meaning that the article as a whole communicates to a reasonable reader about Block's views on slavery.
However, the statement does not mention Block by name and appears roughly eight pages before the paragraph of which Block complains. Thus, it could be that a reasonable reader would not associate the two passages and would not infer that Block, who “described slavery as ‘not so bad,'” is the same person as the unnamed economist who “fault[ed] slavery because it was involuntary.”
In fact, the president of the university at which Block teaches failed to draw this inference and wrote a public letter criticizing Block for “claim[ing] that chattel slavery ‘was not so bad'” and stating that Block had contradicted their own libertarian principles by suggesting that “slavery enforced against someone's free will” was acceptable. The record also contains a police report indicating that, after the article's publication, two young men approached Block on the campus at which they teach and told him, “You're the [expletive] who said slavery was okay. We're gonna getcha.” We conclude there is a fact issue regarding the meaning that the article conveys to a reasonable reader.
Third, the NYT argues that Block's pleaded truth would have had the same “effect on the mind of the reader” as the message that the article conveyed. The district court itself stated that both the NYT's portrayal of Block and Block's own statements, accurately conveyed, would “ignite fury” in readers. However, the “effect on the mind of the reader” does not refer to the emotions that a statement incites. Rather, it refers to “the meaning a statement conveys to a reasonable reader.” …
Because Block is a public figure, the fault element of their claims requires proof of actual malice, which is defined as knowledge of falsity or reckless disregard for the truth. Block argues that there is a fact issue as to actual malice wherever a news source materially alters the meaning of a quotation. See Masson v. New Yorker Magazine, Inc. (1991) (holding that there is a fact question as to actual malice where a news source alters a quote in a manner that changes its meaning).
The NYT does not dispute this characterization of the law. Rather, it contends that it did not materially alter the meaning of the quotation. Similarly, the district court based its determination that Block failed to create a fact issue as to actual malice on its view that the NYT did not change the meaning of the quotation but accurately communicated Block's views. As discussed above, there is a genuine issue of material fact as to whether the NYT altered the meaning of the quotation. Accordingly, the district court's determination and the NYT's argument depend on a factual premise that has not yet been established, and dismissal for failure to create a fact issue as to actual malice was premature.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has apparently stationed around 100 armored vehicles at their house, summer home and other facilities for fear of a military coup or uprising, sources say.
Kim "is extremely nervous about the possibility of an emergency developing inside North Korea," claimed an informed source.
According to the source, Kim recently ordered officials to "place top priority" on their personal security and to keep their itinerary top secret. As a result, the venues of events they attend are swarming with guards carrying automatic rifles and hand grenades, while their personal plainclothes bodyguards can also be spotted carrying long, black bags apparently containing heavy weapons.
Security agents cordon off areas surrounding events attended by Kim and confiscate watches and cigarettes from pedestrians. Mobile phone signals are also jammed.
On July 26, all mobile phone signals in downtown Pyongyang were jammed from 1 p.m. to 6 p.m. while Kim attended a performance marking the 59th anniversary of the armistice in the 1950-53 Korean War.
The security service, which runs its own university, established a three to six-month course to train surveillance experts.
"Kim Jong-un desperately needs to bolster their personal security detail due to mounting opposition to their efforts to rein in the military," said one diplomatic source.
North Korea continues to import riot-control equipment from China, including helmets, bulletproof vests, road blocks and tear gas, for fear of public unrest.
North Korea watchers say there is growing public discontent with the young leader. There has apparently been a surge in disobedience and a lack of discipline in the military. Sources say military officers grumble at the appointment of Choe Ryong-hae as director of the People's Army General Political Bureau, a top military position, despite the fact that they have no military experience.
"Choe appointed members from the Socialist Youth League, where they come from, to key military posts and has assumed control of various businesses run by the military, losing trust and loyalty among the troops," the source said.
The abrupt sacking of former Army chief Ri Yong-ho in July has also damaged morale in the military, which was allowed to metastasize into a state within the state under former leader Kim Jong-il's "military-first" doctrine.
Veteran officials in the North's Workers Party are also unhappy with the young leader's confusing reshuffles and impulsive orders. They apparently complain secretly that the inexperienced leader is "running wild."
Kim's efforts since June to improve the North's economy floundered on fierce opposition from party hardliners afraid of losing their grip on power. High-ranking party officials ignore Kim's orders a nd write them off as unrealistic, and are instead busy watching their backs or looking for ways to make money, the source said.
"Even Kim Jong-un as the ruler of the notorious North Korean regime cannot unleash an unrestrained reign of terror," said one intelligence official here. "He probably chose to launch a rocket now to gain some credibility."
It's funny how things changes when you learn one of your favorite writers is behind a project you were initially skeptical of. In this case it's finding out about Michael Chabon's involvement with the upcoming Disney film, John Carter, has made me quite curious after seeing commercials for the film and muttering an “Ehhhh…” Chabon co-wrote the screenplay for the film, and coupled with their upcoming work with HBO, it would seem he's finally getting on the right track when it comes to getting their work on the screen — be it small or silver.
According to Jacob Silverman at Tablet:
Chabon has spoken frequently and bitterly about their vexed relationship with Hollywood. The list of unfilmed, abandoned, or otherwise bungled projects is long: a romantic comedy about old Jews on a cruise, sold to Hollywood's resident littérateur, producer Scott Rudin, but never filmed; rejected story ideas for X-Men and Fantastic Four; the unproduced Kavalier and Clay adaptation, which Chabon spent more than a year writing; a draft screenplay ofSpiderman 2, only part of which was used for the eventual film; and a live-action version of Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, which Disney hired Chabon to write, in 2004, before they replaced him. In 2008, the Coen brothers announced they were adapting The Yiddish Policemen's Union on the heels of A Serious Man; that, too, has landed in development purgatory, never to be heard about since.
Silverman goes on to mention Hollywood's relationship with famous scribes like Fitzgerald and William Faulkner, but also tells the tale of Mark Leyner, who went from appearing on the Charlie Rose Show with David Foster Wallace and Franzen, to having their fiction-writing career “derailed.” Silverman wonders what will happen to Chabon's career now that he's employing their writing skills to both books and films/television shows, and it is definitely a question worth pondering.
Follow Vol. 1 Brooklyn on Twitter, Facebook, Google + and our Tumblr.
The mystery of the secret garden you can climb to at the top of the Shrine of Worship is touched on by the official guidebook to the game.
The Beautiful Scenery Stretches Out Before You
Once you arrive at the top of the shrine, follow the path to the left to arrive at a garden with a beautiful contrast between water, greenery, and light. You can also continue across the arch bridge by going right. You can't escape the ancient land, but the view from the bridge is superb, so it's best to make a stop there before heading for the garden.
The Forbidden Fruit that Grows in the Garden
Within the garden grow 37 pieces of fruit that decrease your max health and grip meters. Though they seem to have a deeper meaning, collecting them doesn't change the story or the ending. If you return to the ground and save after eating one, you'll be sure to regret it, so be careful.
Staten Island, N.Y. does not have a Whole Foods grocery store to serve the hundreds of thousands of residents who live here. We believe that Whole Foods Market would be perfect for our neighborhood lifestyles. Currently, residents must leave the borough and travel 20 miles or more if they would like to shop at a Whole Foods grocery store. A store that provides quality natural and organic products is sorely needed and would receive strong neighborhood support.
By signing this petition, I am in support of Whole Foods Market opening a Staten Island grocery store. We strongly support Whole Foods Market opening a grocery store in our neighborhood. Staten Island is the fastest growing borough with no local all natural organic grocery store in our area. We the consumers hope to have more options for a quality grocery store with fresh produce, meats, wine, and great prepared food. We love Whole Foods Store's quality food and hope to be avid shoppers. So, please, bring a Whole Foods grocery store to Staten Island, N.Y.
Thanks for taking the time to read this letter and our petition.
Global Blockchain Forum Launched to Establish 'International Industry Best Practices'
A new international digital currency and blockchain advocacy organization has been established called the Global Blockchain Forum to help public relations and foreign policy deal with concepts like cryptocurrency and distributed ledger technology. The group is made up of members of the Washington D.C. based Chamber of Digital Commerce, the UK Digital Currency Association, ACCESS, and the Australian Digital Currency & Commerce Association.
Also read: Is Ghana Showing the Most Interest in Bitcoin Right Now?
4 Groups Unite to Form the Global Blockchain Forum
The Forum has similar goals like the Chamber of Digital Commerce founded in 2014 by Perianne Boring, a former legislative analyst. The newly formed group's mission is to “develop industry best practices and help shape global regulatory interoperability.” Boring told Forbes that there were differences and similarities with regulation and standard practice across the globe. Just as digital currencies and decentralized protocols work together in an “interoperable” way, the organization would like public policy to work jointly in the same fashion. Boring tells the publication:
The Global Blockchain Forum is a platform for international collaboration. We're bringing together the leading trade associations representing the digital assets/blockchain industry around the world. As we engage with these various governments, it's important that the associations and stakeholders working with these public policymakers have some type of coordination to their efforts.
Rules and regulation can be different in each country of the world, and this can be difficult for businesses within the industry. Some regions have far stricter policies than others and companies have to comply with each set of rules while trying to operate a worldwide operation. Some startups have issues with compliance costs and it can get even worse if every region has contrasting ways to deal with virtual currency businesses. Even regulators from the same country have clashing policies such as the U.S. and its regulatory handling of Bitcoin. It all depends on which authority you ask as cryptocurrency can be either a commodity or currency.
Boring explained:
A worst-case scenario here would be if conflict-of-law issues arise where you literally could not be in compliance with all the laws. This is a huge impediment to innovation, investment, and to the growth of the industry in general.
There's no roadmap to the group's objectives yet, but it can be assumed they will have representatives attend events and discuss differing policy with country leaders worldwide. The Forum believes similar regulation and standard practices that work together in an interoperable way will pave the path to more growing adoption. There's no doubt the technology is spreading like wildfire on the global level. Because of this, industry leaders will have to work together with the public to form a unified playing field across borders.
What do you think about the Global Blockchain Forum? Let us know in the comments below.
Images courtesy of Pixbay, and the Chamber of Digital Commerce
Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) recently decided to shut down its MSN website in China on June 7. The portal currently hosts news, lifestyle content, and the company's Bing search engine for Chinese users, and its shutdown could represent a setback for the tech giant's efforts in China, home to over 720 million Internet users and a population over 1 billion. Let's discuss why Microsoft closed the site, and how it could impact the company's overall business.
Why MSN flopped in China
Microsoft initially gained an advantage in China in 2010 when Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google exited the mainland search market after clashing with the government over censorship rules and allegations of state-sponsored cyberattacks. Microsoft agreed to play by the government's rules, and was allowed to continue running Bing in China.
Unfortunately, Bing never caught on. Baidu (NASDAQ:BIDU) was already the established market leader when Google left China, and it controls over 70% of the search engine market today. Bing only claimed less than 2% of that market last year. Baidu, like Google, leveraged its search dominance to create an expansive ecosystem of maps, cloud storage, portal sites, and online-to-offline (O2O) solutions for mobile users. The fact that "Bing" sounded like the word for "sickness" in Chinese also turned Microsoft's search engine into an unfortunate online joke.
Microsoft's MSN also failed to gain a competitive edge against the top portals in China. Tencent's QQ.com is the country's largest Internet portal, and hosts a massive ecosystem of gaming, media, and social networking sites. Its messaging app, QQ, had a whopping 853 million monthly active users at the end of 2015. Smaller portal and search rivals like Sina (NASDAQ:SINA) and Sohu (NASDAQ:SOHU) also rank among the top 10 most popular sites in China,according to site tracker Alexa, but MSN China doesn't even crack the top 100.
Why the death of MSN wasn't surprising
Microsoft initially hoped that Windows Phone and Cortana (rebranded as Xiao Na in China) could help it gain ground against entrenched companies like Baidu and Tencent, but those efforts flopped in the Android- and iOS-dominated market.
Microsoft then made Bing the default search engine for Windows 10, hoping that it could leverage the dominance of its OS to gain market share against Baidu. That effort also failed, and Microsoft agreed to replace Bing with Baidu as the default search engine last September. After those big setbacks, it became clear that Microsoft couldn't use its mobile or desktop OS to expand its ecosystem against companies like Baidu and Tencent.
Therefore, Microsoft's decision to kill off MSN wasn't surprising, since the site barely registered as a blip in the crowded Chinese Internet market. MSN is also faring poorly in the U.S., where it ranks 24th in terms of overall popularity, far below Google at No. 1.
Another headache for Microsoft in China
Microsoft doesn't disclose exact revenue figures from China, but previous statements from the company indicate that it's not impressive. Five years ago, then-CEO Steve Ballmer declared that software piracy swallowed up 95% of Microsoft's revenue from China, and that total Chinese sales were only equivalent to around 5% of U.S. sales -- although both countries had nearly the same number of PC users at the time.
Meanwhile, Chinese regulators have repeatedly cracked down on Microsoft with various probes. Regulators banned the installation of Windows 8 on government computers in 2014 due to security concerns, then hit the company with an antitrust probe that same year.
But despite all those setbacks, Microsoft hasn't given up on China. It recently set up a joint venture with the state-backed China Electronics Technology Group to deploy Windows 10 to government agencies. That move, Microsoft hopes, can reduce piracy rates and help the company avoid another widespread ban on its operating systems.
An uphill battle ahead
Microsoft's decision to kill MSN China was disappointing, but it was already destined to die a slow death. Microsoft likely realized that it was futile to fight an ecosystem war against companies like Baidu and Tencent, but that it could still grow its biggest asset -- Windows 10 -- across the country. Moreover, letting Baidu control the search ecosystem in Windows 10 might allay government concerns about NSA snooping.
Therefore, the shutdown of MSN China is a loss for Microsoft, but it's a calculated one that will help it allocate its resources to more important initiatives in the country.
Story highlights "He joyfully bragged about killing me," Zimmerman says in court
Matthew Apperson was convicted of attempted 2nd-degree murder
(CNN) The man convicted of shooting at George Zimmerman in a road rage incident has been sentenced to 20 years in prison, Florida authorities said Monday.
Matthew Apperson was convicted of attempted second-degree murder in September. In addition to the 20-year sentence, they were also given a 15-year concurrent sentence for aggravated assault stemming from the same incident, Seminole County State Attorney spokesperson Lynne Bumpus-Hooper said.
The road rage incident happened in Lake Mary, Florida, in May 2015.
Zimmerman testified that Apperson followed him, flashing their lights and honking their horn. Apperson pulled up beside Zimmerman and shot at him, but the bullet missed, Zimmerman said. They were cut by glass from a shattered window.
JUST WATCHED George Zimmerman reportedly punched in face Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH George Zimmerman reportedly punched in face 01:18
Speaking in court before the sentencing Monday, Zimmerman thanked jurors for convicting Apperson, who they said "showed absolutely no care for human life."
Read More
One of the reasons the Mozilla Firefox Web browser is used by more than 270 million people is its extensive ecosystem of browser add-ons. With the new Mozilla Labs Jetpack project, Mozilla hopes to make it easier for developers to build add-ons and for users to manage them.
Jetpack was officially announced last week and is already generating downloads and new add-ons for Mozilla. Jetpack is intended to make add-on development faster and easier using common HTML Web developer skills. While some might see it as potentially competitive with other mechanisms for building and manipulating add-ons, Mozilla sees Jetpack as a new way to extend the brower and the Web experience itself.
"With more than 25,000 downloads of Jetpack and nearly 100,000 watches of the tutorial movie, we've seen significant interest in Jetpack, especially from the Web developer world," Aza Raskin, head of User Experience for Mozilla, told InternetNews.com. "In the few days since launch, we've had over 20 Firefox extensions written by people who previously had only written Web sites."
Raskin added that right now, Jetpack is a 0.1 prototype and is meant mainly for developers and testers. That said, they noted that the response speaks to a deep, unmet need to allow creators on the Web to be able to participate in making the browser better for everyone, regardless of the depth of their technical ability.
There are more than 12,000 Firefox add-ons in the market already, with over a billion total installs. Yet despite the success of Firefox add-ons, Raskin said Mozilla has only scratched the surface of its potential.
The idea with Jetpack is to lower the entry point for participation. Raskin said as more people come online, anyone with an idea will need to be able to develop the innovation that will meet their vision.
"With Jetpack, what used to take hundreds of lines of code now takes tens of lines of code; and what used to take carefully-cultivated domain-specific knowledge now simply requires standard Web developer skills," Raskin said. "On the user front, the Jetpack experience enables a tighter integration of third-party features with Firefox. You no longer have to go through laborious restarts to try a new add-on. You just click and go."
Greasemonkey a role model
While Jetpack represents a new approach, it is not yet clear if Jetpack will one day be the default mechanism for Firefox add-ons.
"Jetpack is one potential future for what add-ons might look like," Raskin said. "Eventually, Jetpack could be a default mechanism for extending Firefox, but it is too early to tell. We are looking to wider feedback to guide development and direction."
At this early stage, Jetpack developed add-ons do not offer all the same capabilities as regular add-ons. Raskin said the Jetpack API is currently limited, so not everything is yet possible, but over time they expect that more and more add-ons will be portable to Jetpack.
One of the most popular Firefox add-ons, Greasemonkey, which lets users modify pages they are on, could ultimately add more power to Jetpack too.
"Jetpack was informed by the success of Greasemonkey," Raskin said. "Greasemonkey is a fantastic add-on that makes it easy to modify the current page you are looking at. In the roadmap, we plan on adding support for Greasemonkey scripts to Jetpack to allow them work even better together."
What's Next?
Although Jetpack was just recently announced, Mozilla is already hard at work upgrading the platform.
"We've already released four updates to Jetpack since the launch, adding a number of bug fixes and new API features," Raskin said. "You can expect a bigger release of Jetpack in the next week or so. Releases will happen early and often, as we work closely with the add-on and Web developer communities to determine the highest priority directions to go."
A HORRIFIC video of a 12-year-old girl taking their own life after alleging they were abused by a relative has been streamed across the internet, including on Facebook.
The video has gone viral and is now being replayed on other websites — and police say they are powerless to stop it.
In the video, which Katelyn Nicole Davis posted to the Live Me app, they claim they were physically and sexually abused by a relative then lets the camera roll as they take their own life.
Katelyn, a student at Cedartown Middle School in Polk County, Georgia, US, broadcast it on December 30 but it was later removed.
media_camera Katelyn's video has broken the hearts of many on the internet. Pictrure: Facebook
According to reports, the 20-minute video was filmed in their backyard and played out as a woman's voice was heard calling their name in the distance.
Polk County police department has since been inundated with requests from people as far away as Britain that versions of it being shared online are taken down.
Police chief Kenny Dodd told Fox5 that they were first contacted about the video by an officer from California who saw it on the night of their death.
They said Polk County police had contacted several sites and urged them to take it down, but they had refused.
The video of Katelyn Nicole Davis committing sucide is beyond the saddest thing I have even seen. Poor girl may Your soul rest. 😭😭 — Courtttt (@_Courttttneyy22) January 5, 2017
The world lost a beautiful soul😰 RIP Katelyn Nicole Davis🙏🏻❤️ — Stephy May Music™ (@StephyMayMusic) January 4, 2017
Just read about the loss of Katelyn Nicole Davis. My heart breaks thinking about how they must have felt. Mental illness is very real. (1/2) — Jenn Kaytin Robinson (@JennKaytin) January 7, 2017
Just saw Katelyn Nicole Davis suicide video. Incredibly sad. Mental illness isn't a joke, if you're struggling with life, please reach out. — ☆ Lara Wadey ☆ (@Larawadey) January 12, 2017
that video of Katelyn Nicole Davis committing suicide really might be the saddest thing I've ever seen.. may their soul rest in peace ❤ — јеlena (@jelzz_) January 6, 2017
They added: “We want it down as much as anyone for the family and it may be harmful to other kids. We contacted some of the sites.
“They asked if they had to take it down and by law they don't. But it's just the common decent thing to do in my opinion.”
According to CoosaValleyNews, a police investigation had been launched three days prior to their death regarding accusations of sexual abuse they had made in their diary.
Detectives are now working towards gaining search warrants so they can access their phone and social media, the website reported.
media_camera The American girl claims they were sexually abused by a relative. Picture: Facebook
Katelyn's suicide is not the first time horrific or tragic events have played out on a live streaming service.
Earlier this month a mother-of-two collapsed and died from heart problems while they were broadcast singing on Facebook Live.
And last month a dinner party broadcast on the software took a horrific turn when it captured a banker's assistant accidentally shooting their friend.
If you or anyone you know needs mental health support call Lifeline on 131114 or visit their website.
Originally published as Girl streams their own suicide
Since Jon Gruden was fired following the 2008 season, the Tampa Bay Buccaneers have been one of the worst teams in the NFL - losing more than 10 games in four out of six post-Gruden seasons and posting a winning record just once in that span. Outside of a teasingly promising 2010, the team and its fans have endured a miserable run.
In 2010, the Buccaneers' offense was characterized by a patchwork offensive line and a trio of offensive weapons that seemed poised to take over the NFL. Josh Freeman, the team's second year quarterback posted 25 touchdowns and 6 interceptions in what many consider the best season by a Buccaneers' quarterback. Rookie running back LeGarrette Blount took the league by storm rushing for over 1,000 yards and eclipsing 5.0 yards per carry. Fellow rookie Mike Williams was a jump ball machine reeling in 65 balls for 964 yards and a Buccaneers' rookie record 11 touchdowns.
Fast forward through the wheels falling off during the Raheem Morris era and the Greg Schiano adventure, and the Buccaneers are sitting at a similar position to that 2010 team in Lovie Smith's second season; though there's optimism that the end-results may be different. The Doug Martin of 2012 is back after disappointing 2013 and 2014 campaigns. They sit second in the NFL in rushing behind only Adrian Peterson with 941 yards. The Muscle Hamster is only 513 yards behind their rookie campaign with six games left following a 235 yard explosion against the Philadelphia Eagles on Sunday. Like in 2010, the Buccaneers feature a high-volume jump ball freakbeast at wide receiver. Earlier this season, I wrote about how Mike Evans needed and still needs to avoid the career paths of former rookie sensations Michael Clayton and the asupervisorstioned Williams. The results have been mixed, but Evans and Winston seem to be closing in on the same page totaling over 340 yards over the past three games.
Without a doubt, though, the future of this team hinges on the third point of the triangle: quarterback Jameis Winston. In 2010, Josh Freeman made believers out of many doubters, myself included. The wheels came off and Freeman threw 22 interceptions in 2011, 17 in 2012, and began 2013 0-3 before Schiano benched the team's “franchise quarterback” for third-round pick Mike Glennon. Jameis Winston certainly isn't Josh Freeman, and this weekend could act as a turning point for Winston and the Bucs.
During a Sunday night game against the Seattle Seahawks, Freeman posted a stat line of 21-26, 237 yards, and five touchdowns. Winston's Sunday against the Eagles was almost identical reading 19-29, 246 yards, and five touchdowns. Where Freeman's career went afterwards is a path that Jameis Winston would like to avoid, and it's one that he's more than capable of steering away from. Josh Freeman was never the leader of the team, and it showed.
The Buccaneers rode a wave of good fortune and controlled chaos, characterized no better than by the personalities and styles of play represented by Williams and Blount. Both had a series of off-field incidents before coming to Tampa (Williams was kicked off of the Syracuse team and Blount was infamously suspended from Oregon for knocking out a Boise State player after the Ducks lost to the Broncos), and both had on-field games that relied more on big plays than consistent production. The team was a roller coaster without a leader to right the ship.
Winston's demeanor and personality could not differ more from Freeman's. Where Josh tended to be hesitant and quiet, Jameis is loud and imposing. Last week, Gerald McCoy said the following:
“He is as advertised - a great leader. We tried to slow them down, let them just be a rookie, just be our quarterback. We tried. It didn't work. They take over. They can't help it, it's in their blood to lead — and to win.”
I added emphasis because McCoy memorably talked about Winston needing to take a step back this offseason. Similar sentiments were shared by center Evan Smith. But as McCoy said, it didn't matter. They take over, and they win.
Jameis Winston has started 37 games between the college and pro level over the last three years. In that span, they are 31-6. At 5-5 with the Buccaneers this season, Winston is one win away from matching the team's win total from the previous two seasons combined.  They are a winner through and through and has proven it at every level. One critique of Josh Freeman was that they had never won a post-season game. Jameis came into Tampa Bay with two ACC Championships, a National Championship, and a Final Four appearance in college football's first playoff.
The Buccaneers are 4-2 in their last six games and Winston has been a major reason why. The QB has 12 total touchdowns - nine through the air and three on the ground against only two interceptions over that span. The run started with a 38-31 victory over the Jacksonville Jaguars before the team's bye week. Winston only threw for 209 yards and a lone score, but they avoided any big turnovers and was able to out-duel Blake Bortles late.
Since the bye, Tampa Bay has put up 30 points on offense twice, eclipsing their totals from each of the last two seasons. Winston has only been intercepted in one of those games, a two pick performance against the Dallas Cowboys - a game the Buccaneers won on a last second touchdown scramble from No. 3. No performance though tops what they did against Philadelphia. All five of Winston's scores were to different receivers with Evans, Vincent Jackson, Charles Sims, Russell Shepard, and Cameron Brate all getting on the board.
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers are growing, and much of that is because of the emergence of Jameis Winston. The rookie has instilled a confidence and swagger into a team that has been about as boring as a metaphoric train wreck can be. It's been the dumpster fire that no one has wanted to watch burn. Winston has changed all that and some. Gerald McCoy is no longer the happy-to-be-there “face” of the franchise. He's taken a back seat because Jameis has arrived. Sitting just a game out of the last playoff spot in the NFC, Jaboo and co are coming.
Edited by Joe Sparacio, Justin Peroff.
NEW YORK, Aug. 30, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- The Ad Council, the national non-profit organization behind public service communications programs including Smokey Bear, "Friends Don't Let Friends Drive Drunk," and "Love Has No Labels," announced today that it is collaborating with leading gaming companies and top gaming influencers to launch Game for Good. Collaborators include Penny Arcade, Twitch, Polaris/Maker Studios, Rooster Teeth, YouTube, 3BLACKDOT, PlayQ, Zynga and Games for Change. The unprecedented effort aims to harness the power of games and the gaming community to drive awareness, engagement and impact on the critical social issues addressed by Ad Council campaigns.
To kick off Game for Good, the Ad Council will be taking its iconic Love Has No Labels campaign to Penny Arcade Expo (PAX) West in Seattle from September 2-5, 2016. One of the largest gaming events in North America, PAX West is a celebration of gamer culture and is attended by thousands of gamers from across the country. Love Has No Labels will integrate its messages of diversity and inclusion throughout the event including: two PAX panel discussions featuring SIMS Studio Senior Producers Lyndsay Pearson and Sarah Fuchs and gamers Etika (Desmond Amofah), Annemunition, Ms. Vixen and Jimmy Wong, with the latter being streamed live on PAX's Twitch channel; a Love Has No Labels activation in the PAX Diversity Lounge with a GIF booth and giveaways sponsored by Johnson & Johnson, a campaign partner; and post-panel discussions with Rooster Teeth's Mica Burton in a livestream from the Expo floor. The activation will be promoted through social media using the hashtags #LoveHasNoLabels and #WeAreGamers and via the campaign and Ad Council channels.
"To really have an impact on social issues, we need to meet people where they are spending their time and for millions across the country that's playing games online, on mobile or on consoles," said Lisa Sherman, President and CEO of the Ad Council. "We're thrilled to collaborate with the leaders in this space to co-create and integrate content that furthers our campaign messages in ways that are meaningful for the gaming community."
Building on the Ad Council's successful Creators for Good program, which matches YouTube influencers with Ad Council campaigns they care about, Game for Good will work with gaming influencers as well as publishers to reach fans of popular video game titles online and on social media. In addition, Game for Good collaborations will explore integrating campaigns into games and gaming IP into Ad Council campaigns.
"We're thrilled to partner with the Ad Council and lend our voice to the positive message of this campaign," said Luis Medina, Senior VP of Partnerships at Rooster Teeth. "As a woman of color in gaming, our host Mica Burton is a reflection of Rooster Teeth's diverse community and represents the progress we want to see in our industry. We're happy to work with this great group of partners to tell that story at PAX."
The Ad Council produces more than 40 national fully integrated campaigns addressing issues including Bullying Prevention, Shelter Pet Adoption, Hunger Prevention, Recycling, Autism Awareness and Underage Drinking and Driving. Each public service campaign is developed by creative agencies in partnership with a leading non-profit organization or a federal government agency, such as Autism Speaks, Feeding America or the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. The PSAs are distributed to media outlets nationwide and are run in donated media, exceeding $1.6 billion annually.
"The Ad Council has been a longstanding advocate for building awareness regarding important social issues with Game for Good representing another noteworthy campaign," said Erin Wayne, Lead Community Manager, Twitch. "Since we believe in cultivating a diverse and inclusive environment, Game for Good is aligned with our values and we look forward to seeing it resonate with others around the world."
Beyond the PAX West activation, a dedicated Game for Good advisory group will work on opportunities for collaboration across many different Ad Council campaigns over the course of the next 12 months, focusing on both the PC, online and console gaming audience as well as the casual gaming audience on social media and mobile platforms.
"We're honored to help create a home for this vital message," said Jerry Holkins, Co-founder of Penny Arcade. "The Ad Council has done tremendous work and we are thrilled to have a stellar cause like the Game for Good campaign kick-off at PAX West."
The Ad Council
The Ad Council is a private, non-profit organization with a rich history of marshaling volunteer talent from the advertising and media industries to deliver critical messages to the American public. Having produced literally thousands of public service campaigns addressing the most pressing social issues of the day, the Ad Council has affected, and continues to affect, tremendous positive change by raising awareness, inspiring action and saving lives. To learn more about the Ad Council and its campaigns, visit Adcouncil.org, like us on Facebook, follow us on Twitter or view our PSAs on YouTube.
About Games for Change
Founded in 2004, Games for Change facilitates the creation and distribution of social impact games that serve as powerful tools in humanitarian and educational efforts. To further grow the field, Games for Change convenes multiple stakeholders, highlights best practices, incubates games, and helps create and direct investment into new projects. www.gamesforchange.org
About Twitch
Twitch is the world's leading social video platform and community for gamers. Each month, more than 100 million community members gather to watch and talk about video games with more than 1.7 million broadcasters. Twitch's video platform is the backbone of both live and on-demand distribution for the entire video game ecosystem. This includes game developers, publishers, media outlets, events, user generated content, and the entire esports scene. Twitch also features Twitch Creative, a category devoted to artists and the creative process. For more information about Twitch, visit the official website and blog.
About PlayQ
PlayQ is a leading mobile gaming company, building high quality titles played by millions around the world every day. PlayQ creates original intellectual property distributed on iOS, Android, and Desktop. Its titles have ranked within the top 100 grossing in over 50 countries across all platforms. The company, recently named as one of the 2016 Best Places to Work in Los Angeles by the Los Angeles Business Journal, was founded by Joseph Aigboboh and Ryan Komori with the mission to deliver the best original entertainment to the broadest global audience. To learn more about PlayQ, please visit: http://www.playq.net and http://www.tastebuds.com.
About Rooster Teeth
Rooster Teeth is a pioneering studio responsible for some of the biggest online series in history, such as the award-winning and longest-running web series, Red vs. Blue. They also produce the globally acclaimed animated series RWBY, the first western anime series to be distributed in Japan; the award-winning Rooster Teeth Podcast; and Immersion, a reality format that brings video game theory to the real world. Rooster Teeth has a massive global footprint of more than 25 million subscribers to its YouTube Network, 3 million unique monthly visitors to its RoosterTeeth.com hub and 1.8 million registered community members. The company was founded in 2003, and is now a subsidiary of Fullscreen, Inc., a global youth media company that develops online creators and produces multi-platform entertainment experiences. Discover more at RoosterTeeth.com.
About Zynga
Since its founding in 2007, Zynga's mission has been to connect the world through games. To-date, more than 1 billion people have played Zynga's games across Web and mobile, including FarmVille, Zynga Poker, Words With Friends, Hit it Rich! Slots and CSR Racing. Zynga's games are available on a number of global platforms including Apple iOS, Google Android, Facebook and Zynga.com. The company is headquartered in San Francisco, Calif., and has additional offices the U.S., Canada, U.K., Ireland and India. Learn more about Zynga at http://blog.zynga.com or follow us on Twitter and Facebook.
About 3BLACKDOT
3BLACKDOT (3BD) is an influencer-driven digital studio that is focused on leading gaming culture. 3BD is comprised of some of the largest YouTube Influencers in the world that garner over 700 million monthly views on their content and have a global audience of 70+ million followers. 3BD works with Strategic Partners, top Advertisers, Brands, and Individuals to leverage the massive audiences of leading Influencers from around the world and to drive engaged audiences to games, content, platforms, products, and services.
Addendum for quotes:
"3BLACKDOT works hard with its partners to help highlight the positive impact video games and video gamers are having on our society," said Luke Stepleton, Co-Founder of 3BLACKDOT. "Gamers are often an overlooked community in the YouTube space and working with the Ad Council has been one of the highlights of our year to date."
"PlayQ is proud to partner with Ad Council on the Game for Good initiative to support such important public issues," added Joseph Aigboboh, PlayQ CEO. "Our broad global reach, recognizable characters and strong original IP provide a unique platform for supporting social causes and raising awareness."
"Games for Change is thrilled to be working again with the Ad Council, in particular on this wonderful initiative set to highlight the power games have beyond entertainment and how they can impact social issues," said Susanna Pollack, President Games for Change. "We are honored that an organization like The Ad Council understands the value that games possess, and are excited to continue educating the world on what games can really do."
SOURCE The Ad Council
Related Links
http://www.adcouncil.org
In “App Development and Condiments” last night, Jeff (Joel McHale) and Britta (Gillian Jacobs) worked to bring down the rating-obsessed society, with Britta eventually triumphing in toppling the regime but finding themselves abandoned the minute they started abusing their own power. It was a clever meditation on the fetishization of popularity and how celebrities have become the new ruling class. While there were funny concepts, like the neo-Roman set created for the ruling class' headquarters, or the speed with which Greendale society collapsed and re-formed, there was so much story to get through that there wasn't really time for related silliness.
Last week's “Bondage and Beta Male Sexuality” felt like a spiritual sequel to season two's equally melancholy “Mixology Certification,” exploring Britta and Professor Duncan's (John Oliver) inadequacy and Abed's (Danny Pudi) struggle to be empathetic about Professor Hickey's (Jonathan Banks) hobby drawing crappy duck cartoons. The big moment for Duncan was deciding not to take advantage of a vulnerable Britta, while Abed and Hickey realize they both want to create art, but struggle with their emotional limitations. Where “Mixology” ended in some agreeably bittersweet chaos, every plot in “Bondage” was resolved on a quiet, minor-key note.
And “Geothermal Escapism,” the January episode that bid goodbye to Troy (Donald Glover), was another classic season two trope: “Greendale descends into madness because of a silly game!" Instead of paintball, it was a campus-wide “The Floor Is Lava,” but again, these concept episodes mean there's so much explanation and world-building to get through, coupled with an emotional farewell to Troy to cap everything off. When the paintball episode first aired, the audaciousness was spellbinding, but now with every new big concept episode, the shock value has dissipated.
Harmon's feel for their characters and skill with episodic plotting feels unmatched. The show is always an interesting watch, and NBC should certainly keep it around as long as it continues to be so creatively interesting (don't give me any ratings guff—there's nothing promising that's going to blow Community's numbers out of the water). But perhaps because of the shortened season (only 13 episodes), Harmon is seemingly shedding the lighter, less daring episodes that would pad the earlier seasons. There's not so much of the gang just hanging around the table and quibbling with school issues, or tripping over some nutty Chang behavior. No, even Señor Chang (Ken Jeong) can't have a plot without them tearfully questioning their own sanity at this point.
This isn't really a complaint, more of an observation. I don't need Community to give me belly laughs every week, and I'm happy for Harmon to see what happens when they push against the boundaries of their show's formula. But there's certainly a danger in being too melancholy. If our heroes, who seem more stuck in their lives with every passing year that they spend in college, don't start turning things around soon—just a little bit—I'm going to really wonder what kind of message Harmon wants us to take away from it all.
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire.
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
An 8ft-long poisonous snouted cobra was found in a toilet at a block of flats last week. And to make matters worse, it was clinging to something in the plumbing, and would not be removed. Now the snake, whose bite can cause respiratory failure and death, has been able to escape into the pipes.
YOUTUBE/STORYFUL UH-OH: Not the big dark lump you'd expect to find in the toilet
“They're still worried and some feel like they want to kill it” Snake catcher For more than a week, residents have been living in fear of the reptile – and now they're considering drastic action. Locals in Lynnwood Glen, a suburb of the South African city of Pretoria, could use acid to flush the snake out. One resident told South Africa's News24: “People are talking about taking matters into their own hands now”. “There [is] talk about using pool acid, Jeyes Fluid and hot water to ensure the snake is dead."
Snake devours antelope whole in 45 minutes WHILE most predators in Africa could be expected to take down an antelope - few could then swallow it whole. But this is just what happens when the killer turns out to be an African rock python. This 8ft snake was spotted devouring a young impala in the Moremi Game Reserve in Botswana. The python, which has an extremely flexible jaw, took a lengthy 45 minutes to gulp down the animal. 1 / 14 FRED VON WINCKELMANN/BARCROFT
As announced Thursday evening on FOX Sports 1's "NASCAR Race Hub", Jeff Gordon, the four-time NASCAR Cup Series champion credited with helping take the sport mainstream, joins FOX NASCAR full-time in 2016 as race analyst for its 16th year of NASCAR Sprint Cup Series coverage, teaming with three-time champion Darrell Waltrip to offer seven championships' worth of expertise.
Gordon, currently competing in their 23rd and final full-time Sprint Cup Series season, served as race analyst for FOX Sports' coverage of three NASCAR XFINITY SERIES races this year (for video of Gordon calling the Talladega NASCAR XFINITY SERIES race, click here). They have agreed to a multi-year contract that begins this season with in-race reporting from the No. 24 Chevrolet during select Cup Series races, and segues to an analyst role that commences with Daytona Speedweeks in February 2016.
"NASCAR has provided me so many incredible memories, experiences and opportunities throughout my 23 years as a driver, and I can't wait to start a new chapter in racing with this new relationship with FOX and to be in the booth with Mike (Joy) and Darrell," Gordon said. "I feel so lucky to be a part of a sport that I'm very passionate about, and now I get the opportunity to share that passion to millions of race fans from a whole new perspective."
Article continues below ...
Gordon will call all NASCAR Sprint Cup Series races, practice and qualifying sessions for FOX Sports alongside play-by-play announcer Mike Joy and NASCAR Hall of Famer and analyst Darrell Waltrip. Chris Myers hosts the network's coverage alongside analysts Larry McReynolds and Michael Waltrip.
"Jeff is not only a champion but an icon of a racing generation," said Eric Shanks, FOX Sports President, COO & Executive Producer. "We are thrilled they have chosen to become a part of the FOX Sports family and pair their experience with Darrell. Each is credited with helping elevate NASCAR to the popularity it attained in their respective era, and alongside Mike Joy, this duo will treat fans to unmatched insights each and every week."
Gordon's move to the FOX booth furthers a career in which their affability and crossover appeal have provided them numerous high-profile television and movie opportunities that include: becoming the only auto racing driver ever to host "Saturday Night Live"; co-hosting "Live! With Regis and Kelly" more than 10 times; appearances as themselves on "The Simpsons", "Spin City" and "The Drew Carey Show"; movie appearances in "Taxi", "Herbie: Fully Loaded" and "Looney Tunes: Back in Action"; TV appearances on "Late Show with David Letterman", "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno", "Jimmy Kimmel Live!" and "Sesame Street"; and participation on television's "Celebrity Poker Showdown" and "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire: Sports Edition", among others. Gordon also voiced the character Jeff Gorvette in the animated film "Cars 2".
The California native, one of the most versatile drivers of their era, has driven for Hendrick Motorsports since November 1992, winning four NASCAR Sprint Cup Series championships (1995, 1997, 1998 and 2001), 92 races and 80 pole positions. With their first Cup Series championship in 1995, Gordon became the youngest champion (24) in NASCAR's modern era in only their third full season. They sit third behind only NASCAR Hall of Fame drivers Richard Petty (200) and David Pearson (105) in all-time victories, is a three-time Daytona 500 champion and record five-time Brickyard 400 winner. They hold the record for most consecutive seasons with a pole (23), among numerous other accolades. Furthermore, Gordon is NASCAR's winningest road-course driver with nine wins and the all-time leader with 12 restrictor-plate track victories.
Off the track, Gordon, named one of "NASCAR's 50 Greatest Drivers" in 1998, established the Jeff Gordon Children's Foundation, which supports pediatric cancer research, treatment and patient support programs. They traveled to Rwanda with the Foundation in 2011, and also visited the Democratic Republic of Congo in conjunction with the Clinton Global Initiative. Gordon was honored with the National Motorsports Press Association (NMPA) Myers Brothers Award in 2012, recognizing those who have made outstanding contributions to the sport of stock-car racing. That same year, they received the Heisman Humanitarian Award, established to recognize those in sports who give significantly to communities and improve the lives of others.
FOX Sports, which began its FOX NASCAR coverage in 2001, is in the first of a 10-year media rights agreement with NASCAR. In 2013, FOX Sports extended its agreement with NASCAR, ensuring the FOX family of networks' broadcast of the first 16 NASCAR Sprint Cup Series races each season beginning in 2015, as well as the first 14 NASCAR XFINITY Series races of the season and all NASCAR Camping World Truck Series events, through 2024.
Jeff Gordon looks on from the FOX Sports 1 broadcast booth during an XFINITY Series race earlier this season.
There were a handful of protests, small groups of people handing out leaflets, reading aloud from the Constitution or wearing signs that riffed profanely on the abbreviations for the Transportation Security Administration and Department of Homeland Security. A man walked around a terminal in the Salt Lake City airport wearing only a swimsuit, boots and a cap.
According to a blog operated by the security agency, 39 people had opted out of the body scans in Atlanta by 5 p.m. In Los Angeles, 113 had. One had opted out in Charlotte, N.C. Boston seemed to have something of a mini-spike, with 300.
The blog said that even in Boston, the number of people opting out made up less than 1 percent of all travelers screened. It did not say, however, how many people had been selected for the scanners and how many had gone through traditional metal detectors and thus were not given a choice.
Some flyers did express concerns about the new security measures, but their objections were mixed.
Nicole Chardavoyne, a public relations professional making their way through Ronald Reagan National Airport in Washington, said they thought the full-body scanners were fine, but found the pat-downs to be embarrassing and invasive.
Photo
Seetha Lath, a 71-year-old in Los Angeles on the way to visit grandchildren, said that they were not against the pat-downs, but that they worried about radiation in the scanners.
Even if protests did not materialize in any significant numbers, the fact that people were discussing the issue at all meant the campaign had succeeded, said Brian Sodergren, a pharmaceutical executive in Virginia who originated the idea of National Opt-Out Day.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“For me, the outcome has probably been achieved,” they said on Monday. “There has been more attention given to this than I could ever imagine.”
Mr. Sodergren said that they had no intention of promoting chaos on one of the busiest travel days of the year, and that they just wanted to raise questions about the safety, effectiveness and invasiveness of the body scans and pat-downs.
But some fliers said the campaign was misguided, and defended the safety measures on the basis of national security.
Photo
“We've got terrorists coming over wearing explosives in their clothing,” said Jason Moody, a 34-year-old X-ray technician in the Army, who was reading a novel during a layover in San Francisco. “The T.S.A. did not just dream this up.”
Officials from several airlines said they had seen no indication that people were canceling flights or had decided not to travel because of security concerns or worries about protests. The number of flights was typical for the day before Thanksgiving, they said, even though security lines appeared to be moving more smoothly than usual.
“It appears to be a nonissue from our vantage point,” said Ned Raynolds, the Northeast manager of corporate communications for American Airlines.
The extensive news coverage beforehand, and the promise of gatherings around the country organized through Web sites like We Won't Fly, seemed to foretell a little more chaos than actually occurred.
The protesters were often outnumbered by journalists, in some airports by a ratio of more than three to one.
Joe Murphy, 76, a retired consultant who was flying to Washington, was not impressed.
“Protesters?” they asked. “There were more people selling tickets to my grandson's high school football game.”
In Houston, when women of a certain age are invited to Sissy Farenthold's to drink tea and talk politics, they don't say no.
Farenthold, one of only three women in their 1949 University of Texas law school class, was the first woman to represent their county in the Texas legislature, in 1968, and became an anti-corruption crusader in the institution. In 1972, they were the runner-up in the Democratic primary run-off for Texas governor.
And at the 1972 Democratic National Convention, they were the first woman to have their name put into nomination for the vice-presidential nod, 12 years before Geraldine Ferraro and 36 years before Sarah Palin. (Yes, that was them on the cover of Ms with Shirley Chisholm in January 1973.)
Now 89 years old, she's still involved in politics, traveling to Washington now and again and working with the local League of Women Voters – but when they played hostess to some of Houston's other politically active senior women, they nonetheless made sure the finger sandwiches were artfully arranged on a painted plate instead of the plastic serving dishes provided by the catering company.
Standards are important in Texas, even in 2016.
As women mingled in the party room of Farenthold's Houston high-rise, nibbling on cookies and drinking lemonade, the lack of standards or decency in modern politics was a common complaint. Sitting in an easy chair, Suzanne Brinsmade, 81, who was one of the original editors of Seventeen magazines, didn't want to specify their political leanings, did admit that their mother was a Republican. Still, they said: “There is no reason for people, like certain nominees for our presidency, to be doing what they're doing [in terms of stoking anti-Muslim sentiment]. This is a country of freedom.”
They continued: “They're trying to turn people against one another, because of religion, because of lifestyles, of all these things, it should be inexcusable. Freedom is part of our legacy.”
Patsy Cravens, 80, a photographer and descendent of the Cullinan oil family whose father had to petition the courts to “undisable” them in order to allow them to own property while they were married, agreed. “The hatred that is being grown, fed, is just disgusting to me,” they said.
Architect and sustainable designer, Deborah Morris said: “I hate divisiveness. Hate is a strong word, but I think all the polarization of races and creeds and ethnic extractions and everybody, I think we have become a terribly intolerant world.”
“People are fearful,” they added “and they're constantly being egged on and provoked by people that would have us be afraid.”
The first transgender judge in the US, Phyllis Frye, 68, was there, too, and a little bit scared for the future themselves if a Republican is elected president. “As an LGBT activist, and as being transgender myself, all of the advances that have been made in the last thirty years for our protection could all be rolled back.” They had already fought once for the right to use the correct bathroom, more than 30 years ago, and Texas's Republican governor, Greg Abbott, had recently announced their intention to wade into the transgender restroom rights war.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Phyllis Frye, the first transgender judge in the US. Photograph: Bastien Inzaurralde for the Guardian
“I was going to say what Phyllis said,” said Ann Robison, 59, who runs an LGBT community center. “So I will go even more globally and say respect, civility and dignity. I think that things have devolved so badly. We don't see each other's positions, we don't even listen to each other.
“I feel myself being so much more anxious, depressed and stressed because I don't listen to the news anymore – and I'm a news junkie. I don't listen to the news, I don't want to read it, I don't want to hear it, because I'm going to hear that vitriol and it isn't solving problems, it isn't moving us forward, it's holding us back.”
In another corner of the room, retired teacher Lydia Velasquez, 69, and fourth-generation Houstonian Dorothy Farrington Caram, 83, one-time teacher and a retired administor from the University of Houston, were talking about the failures of education policy.
“What is wrong? All this testing that's being given to the students and teachers teaching the test instead of teaching regular courses like we used to,” Velasquez said, asserting that teachers are now expected to be “teaching to the test primarily, the whole semester, the whole year”.
“I tend to agree that we lost the idea that we have to develop the child, from really pre-kindergarten on,” said Farrington Caram. “And now we rely too much on the [test] results.”
By the doors to the pool deck, Mary Bacon, 86, and Frye were swapping legal war stories. Bacon had dropped out of college in their younger years to get married and have four children but eventually finished both their bachelor's degree and a law degree, went into private practice and became a lawyer, then a judge. “I was interrupted in a trial when some attorney would say to the woman on the stand ‘And you don't work, do you?'” they said. “We took judicial notice that women with children work.”
“You were on the bench and somebody said that?” asked Frye incredulously.
“Oh, yeah,” said Bacon.
Out on the pool deck, Lee T Loe, a retired social worker and long-time peace activist, was holding forth on war, peace and the soon-to-be Democratic nominee, Hillary Clinton. “I have a T-shirt that says ‘nonviolence or nonexistence' and I really believe that,” they said. “We can't have wars because it destroys the environment. There's no choice! I don't care how bad the other guy is, shake hands with them and take your guns and go home.”
Like Farenthold, Loe was no automatic fan of Clinton's. “Sure, we want women to be in power – I had four daughters and three granddaughters, and I really feel that strongly – but not Madeleine Albright, who says it's all right to kill thousands and thousands of children in Afghanistan and Iraq.
“That's not the kind of woman I want ... They say she's strong? It would be very hard to respect.”
“I'm a Bernie person,” nodded Farenthold. “And I don't see it just as the selection [of them as a nominee]. I'd like to think it's something comparable to the progressive movement that took place in the early 20th century, whether we have the critical mass, which I think at the moment we have, and whether that will continue is the question.”
They added: “I'm very grateful that Bernie Sanders ran, because it's brought a coalition together that wouldn't have been there without him. I will certainly support Mrs Clinton in due course.”
Back inside, as the other women milled around, artist Tralene Vassilopoulos, 70, was talking to Priscilla Atwood, a retired registered nurse who insisted with a smile that they were “29” (but admitted they were born in 1942), and Rogene Gee Calvert, 67, who works at a public relations firm.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Rogene Gee Calvert holds a sign reading ‘income disparity', the election issue most important to them Photograph: Bastien Inzaurralde for the Guardian
“One that really stands out to me right now is the mass incarceration of so many people across the nation, for so many ridiculous things,” said Atwood. “It just tears apart families, it ruins people's livelihoods, their careers and their jobs, it just is incredible how bad it is. It's awful.
“I think we need to get more people involved in the process, more people voting, and all our young people,” said Vassilopoulos. “I've heard recently in some meetings I've been to, the young people aren't getting registered. They're supposed to be registered by law here in Texas by their principal of their school.”
“I certainly see the middle class shrinking, and that gap is getting larger,” said Calvert. “I just see people working harder and for less and not realizing any getting ahead.”
“Unfortunately, I think that this generation, the kids are worse off than their parents,” they added. “It's not like the American dream, where you work hard and you did better than your parents. It's going backwards. I don't think [the media] gets into that much. I don't know, it's not sexy, I guess. It is complicated. It's not like there's a simple answer.”
Vassilopoulos said: “The media is all about entertainment.”
“I don't think they sell too many papers or get too many advertisements because of their coverage of income inequality,” said Calvert.
“It seems like [the media] just wastes a lot of time on garbage,” added Atwood.
The color and brightness of the Philips Hue smart light bulb can be controlled from a computer or a smartphone. The researchers showed that by compromising a single light bulb, it was possible to infect a large number of nearby lights within minutes. The worm program carried a malicious payload to each light — even if they were not part of the same private network.
In creating a model of the infection process, they simulated the distribution of the lights in Paris over an area of about 40 square miles and noted that the attack would potentially spread when as few as 15,000 devices were in place over that area.
The researcher said they had notified Philips of the potential vulnerability and the company had asked the researchers not to go public with the research paper until it had been corrected. Philips fixed the vulnerability in a patch issued on Oct. 4 and recommended that customers install it through a smartphone application. Still, it played down the significance of the problem.
“We have assessed the security impact as low given that specialist hardware, unpublished software and close proximity to Philips Hue lights are required to perform a theoretical attack,” Beth Brenner, a Philips spokesperson, said in an emailed statement.
To perfect their attack, the researchers said they needed to overcome two separate technical challenges. They first found a “major bug” in the way the wireless communications system for the lights had been executed, which made it possible to “yank” already installed lamps from their existing networks.
The researchers then used what cryptographers describe as a “side channel” attack to purloin the key that Philips uses to authenticate new software. The term side channel refers to the clever use of information about how a particular encryption scheme is used.
“We used only readily available equipment costing a few hundred dollars, and managed to find this key without seeing any actual updates,” the researchers wrote. “This demonstrates once again how difficult it is to get security right even for a large company that uses standard cryptographic techniques to protect a major product.”
I know exactly what you're thinking, “Why so quick with the ‘Fight Club' reference? You really got your finger on the pulse of current pop culture!” That said, “Fight Club” is and has always been one of my favorite all-time movies. Which means I watch it pretty regularly, so it's always current in my mind.
I won't lie, there really is a part of me that would like to give something like this a try, but then I tend to recall that much bigger part of me that hates pain. Like, not just hates pain, but despises it. In other words, I'm a wuss. But, at least, in doing this comic, I got to act out my dreams by modeling for this comic so Aaron could draw me. Pretty accurate likeness, if I do say so myself. Speaking of which, I find myself having to praise Aaron's art, yet again. Seriously, they are constantly topping himself.
Travis “Yes, He's Single, Ladies” Kennedy
The Patriots staked their claim to the top seed in the AFC with a comfortable 42-20 win in Indianapolis on Sunday night. The star of the game was anonymous running back Jonas Gray, who spent most of their college career buried on the Notre Dame depth chart and was on the New England practice squad for the first six weeks of the season. Gray's 199-yard, four-touchdown performance was stunning. What wasn't so surprising was how Bill Belichick came up with another slant on their usual schemes, shifting the balance of power in their team's direction yet again. X's and O's can't win games, but they helped create an edge for the Patriots on Sunday.
With both the Patriots and Colts coming off a Week 10 bye, it was fair to suggest we might see a few wrinkles in each team's playbook. Belichick didn't settle for wrinkles; they added a new appendage.
Just as they did in January's 43-22 playoff win over these same Colts, Belichick relied heavily on their running game to keep Andrew Luck off the field and prevent Indianapolis from wearing down New England's thin defensive lineup. That, though, was with Logan Mankins at guard and former offensive line coach Dante Scarnecchia on the sideline. New England's line has improved mightily since installing rookie Bryan Stork at center and Ryan Wendell at right guard after that disastrous loss to the Chiefs in Week 4, but they're still hardly a dominant run-blocking unit.
The solution? Add an extra offensive lineman. As ESPN Boston's Mike Reiss counted during the game, the Patriots lined up Cameron Fleming as a sixth offensive lineman on a whopping 37 snaps Sunday night. That's virtually unprecedented. Plenty of teams will line up with an extra offensive lineman in short-yardage situations, but virtually nobody uses it as a basic offensive strategy. The Bears have used swing tackle Eben Britton as an extra blocker at times, and the Ravens would use six-lineman sets pretty frequently during Joe Flacco's rookie season in 2008, but I don't recall any game when a team used a sixth lineman this frequently. The Patriots didn't go with a sixth lineman even once during that playoff win.
Indianapolis never consistently adjusted to the extra lineman. While the Colts themselves successfully used sets with six offensive linemen and/or an unbalanced line against the Eagles in Week 2, the NFL's official gamebooks suggest that the Indy defense had seen no more than eight snaps against six-lineman sets this season, the majority coming near the goal line.
And while I'm sure Indy's coaches were giving a lesson on what to look for, their defensive linemen — notably Josh Chapman — were getting blown off the line of scrimmage. Indy was without Arthur Jones, the 337-pound 5-technique end they added from the Ravens this offseason who might have been able to help in this exact spot. Star inside linebacker Jerrell Freeman missed a number of tackles, including a potential stop of Gray in the backfield that would have ended a drive. The Patriots ran the ball 41 times and lost yards only on a third-and-2 in the fourth quarter with the game well in hand. On that play Gray lost 2 yards, but the Patriots picked up the first down anyway on a face-mask penalty. That's unreal.
Gray did their part. Cris Collinsworth noted during the game that Belichick and the offensive line would appreciate Gray hitting exactly the hole they expected on each and every play, and while it's impossible to truly know which hole they were supposed to hit without the playbook, this looked and felt like a running game in harmony. Gray isn't going to be a world-beater who makes six guys miss, but they were efficient, slicing through the holes the offensive line left for them and getting the maximum from the work their linemen had wrought. It was no accident that the Patriots left Shane Vereen — a more explosive but less disciplined runner — in a receiving role for most of the game.
The out-of-nowhere arrival of Gray speaks to another classic Belichick tenet: their faith in buying low on running backs. In that playoff game in January, the Patriots got a 166-yard, four-touchdown performance out of LeGarrette Blount, whom they had acquired from the Buccaneers for peanuts during the previous year's draft. After letting Blount go to the Steelers in free agency and losing Stevan Ridley to a torn ACL and MCL, New England happily plugged in Gray and found results. It's the same organization that bought low on Antowain Smith, Sammy Morris, and Danny Woodhead while turning BenJarvus Green-Ellis from an undrafted free agent into a starter. In fact, most of the Patriots' serious investments at the position — the contract extension for Corey Dillon, their first-round pick on Laurence Maroney — haven't quite worked out.
While Belichick didn't massively shift their defensive scheme, they did establish some matchups to fit the varying strengths and weaknesses of their secondary. It's always easy to oversimplify defensive schemes, and even easier to do so without seeing the All-22 (which isn't released until midweek), but it appears that the Patriots had a relatively concrete plan for how they wanted to handle Indy's receivers.
Instead of attempting to lock up star Colts wideout T.Y. Hilton with Darrelle Revis, New England's best cornerback, Belichick assigned arguably their worst regular corner in Kyle Arrington to Hilton and gave Arrington plenty of safety help. Hilton had three catches on seven targets for just 24 yards. Belichick trusted the rest of their cornerbacks to match up one-on-one across the board. Revis mostly followed Reggie Wayne around the formation. Brandon Browner went for Coby Fleener, and when the Colts went to three-wideout sets, Logan Ryan was the one on Hakeem Nicks. Fleener caught all seven passes thrown to them for a career-high 144 yards, and Wayne took advantage of an early blown coverage to pick up 46 yards, but overall the strategy did enough to slow Luck down. There are a handful of moments every game when Luck looks downfield past the camera's view before throwing and it feels like there's somebody running free on the other side of those passes; there weren't really any throws like that last night.
The Colts might have been able to force the Patriots into more advantageous defensive looks by running the football effectively, but that just didn't happen. Ahmad Bradshaw and Trent Richardson combined to carry the ball 14 times for just 4 yards, with Richardson chipping in a particularly Richardson-esque seven-carry, zero-yard night. Even worse, the Colts may keep struggling to run the football. Bradshaw, who has been dealing with foot problems for years, limped to the locker room with their cleat off during the second half. Tight end Dwayne Allen, the team's best blocking end and arguably its second-best player on offense after Luck, was carted off in the first half with an ankle injury and did not return. If either of those guys are out for an extended period of time, Indy's running game will suffer.
Indy may rue this loss all the way to January. Had they won on Sunday, the Colts would have been in position for a first-round bye, thanks to Denver's loss to St. Louis. Instead, the Patriots now hold a one-game lead over the Broncos, a two-game lead over the Colts, and a 1.5-game lead over the Bengals with head-to-head victories over each of those three divisional leaders, guaranteeing Belichick & Co. the win in any tiebreaker scenario. The path to the Super Bowl in the AFC travels through Foxborough.
For all the fun of hyping a Luck-Brady matchup, this game really wasn't about them at all. Neither would tell you they played their best game, with Brady throwing two awful interceptions in the first half. Luck falls to 0-3 versus Brady, just as their predecessor did during the six-game Indianapolis losing streak that opened the Brady-Manning rivalry.
During Friday's podcast, I asked Robert Mays who Lucks natural rival has been and would be over the course of their career. The obvious guess is Jacksonville's Blake Bortles, but they are a question mark at this point. Given that Luck has beaten Manning, I think the obvious candidate is Brady, but Brady is also going to be gone from the scene much sooner than Luck. Maybe it's the guy who probably isn't going anywhere anytime soon that Luck has to worry about. Brady's not the nemesis after all. It's Belichick.
Dilip Vishwanat/Getty Images
This Is a Low
What, you want me to explain the Rams? I wish I could. The Rams have beaten the Seahawks and taken down the 49ers in San Francisco this season. They've also lost to the Vikings by 28 points and looked so hopeless last week that they turned to Shaun Hill to try to spark their offense. And three weeks removed from allowing 34 points to the Chiefs, a St. Louis defensive resurgence limited Peyton Manning to their lowest-scoring day as a Broncos quarterback in a 22-7 St. Louis victory.
Nobody else has held Manning to just seven points during their time with the Broncos. Even the Seahawks managed to give up a two-point conversion during last season's 43-8 shellacking in the Super Bowl. The Broncos had scored 17 points or more in each of Manning's first 41 regular-season games as the Denver quarterback while averaging a whopping 33.5 points. This year's offense hadn't been quite as notable as last season's historically dominant offense, but it had been good enough for 31.8 points per game before Sunday.
St. Louis held that offense to one touchdown, a long Emmanuel Sanders catch-and-run on what appeared to be a blown coverage. To put it in perspective, the Rams allowed 24.8 fewer points than Denver's average score in its other games this season. That's the third-largest difference of the season:
Defense Offense Points Allowed Other PF Difference Lions Packers 7 35.9 28.9 Colts Bengals 0 24.9 24.9 Rams Broncos 7 31.8 24.8 Dolphins Chargers 0 24.2 24.2 Eagles Giants 0 22.8 22.8
How, exactly, did the 24th-ranked defense by DVOA heading into the week stop the Broncos offense?
Well, the simplest explanation is that the Rams put Manning in a spot where they couldn't hurt them: the sideline. The Rams weren't exactly great on offense, with one meaty 63-yard touchdown pass to Kenny Britt surrounded by five field goals' worth of bread, but they did enough to hold the ball for almost 36 minutes. The defense played its part by shutting down the Broncos on third and fourth down. Denver had converted 44.4 percent of its third and fourth downs heading into Week 11, the eighth-best rate in the league. On Sunday, the team went just 4-for-15 (.267) on those plays, including an oh-fer in the second half.
I went back and watched those plays again, and there's not one obvious solution that kept St. Louis afloat. The Rams were able to get pressure on Manning, but it was a little more subtle than your typical attack. They sacked Manning only twice and knocked them down four times on 56 dropbacks, but they had more functional pressure in terms of hurrying them and preventing them from getting comfortable in the pocket.
They also shifted the way Denver designed its plays and how Manning went through their progressions before the game even started. It's a concept I think about a lot in terms of silly narratives. You know the idea about “establishing the run,” right? For whatever there is to be said about running the ball early (not a lot), if you're actually a really good rushing offense, you've established the run before the game even started. During their MVP season in 2012, do you think Adrian Peterson needed to prove in the first quarter that they were going to run the opposing team over? Of course not. They already knew before the game started. Likewise, the Broncos were already aware the Rams could beat Manning up if they went with long drops, and as a result they tried to build their offense around quick throws.
It's interesting to talk about the Rams as having such a dominant pass rush because, well, they didn't for most of the season. While they were rightly hyped as having a fearsome front four heading into the season, they lost Chris Long to short-term IR in Week 1 and scuffled to a historic extent; they had just one sack through their first five games, an NFL record. Since then, things have been better. They've produced 18 sacks on 222 dropbacks in their last five games, an 8.1 percent sack rate that's far closer to their 8.9 percent rate from 2013. They might also get Long back as early as next week, which should make them only more devastating up front.
They're also developing talent behind that front four. Second-year contributors Alec Ogletree and T.J. McDonald have each taken steps forward this season, notably during this three-game stretch in which the Rams have allowed an average of just 11.3 points to the 49ers, Cardinals, and Broncos. After breaking up three passes, intercepting one, and forcing a fumble against the Cardinals a week ago, Ogletree knocked away two more passes and came away with another pick on Sunday. McDonald, meanwhile, looks like one of those lawn mower safeties who make plays all over the field; they broke up three attempts on Sunday. The Rams knocked away 12 of Manning's 54 passes.
As with the Colts, the Broncos couldn't run the ball and suffered injuries that hindered their ability to move the chains. C.J. Anderson carried the ball just nine times for 29 yards, while Montee Ball went down after reaggravating their groin injury. They aren't the only Broncos skill-position player to get hurt, as Julius Thomas missed virtually the entire game with an ankle injury, while Emmanuel Sanders suffered a concussion on a brutal shoulder-to-shoulder hit that was incorrectly ruled to be unnecessary roughness. By the end of the game, Manning was throwing to Demaryius Thomas, Jacob Tamme, Anderson, and the ghost of Wes Welker. That's not a good group of skill-position targets.
A performance this good might tempt you to wonder whether the Rams could break off a sudden winning streak and emerge as a late entrant into the NFC wild-card picture, and at 4-6 in a wide-open conference, they're not officially out by any means. It's also not a guarantee this wins bodes anything for their future. Remember that the Rams blew out the Colts in Indy last year, 38-8, before beating a 6-4 Bears team by 21. At 5-6, a Rams fan might have dreamed they could win out, but they promptly lost their next two games and finished 7-9.
More likely, the Rams have the potential to be a spoiler. They have three games left against the league's dregs (Raiders, Washington, Giants) and three against playoff-caliber opponents (Chargers, Cardinals, Seahawks). They can be good enough to beat each of those three talented teams on their day, and they can be bad enough to lose to each of the three mediocrities when they're off. Which Rams team is going to show up over the next six weeks? Your guess is as good as mine.
A FIANNA FÁIL senator has called for the Minister for Environment to intervene and take action against seagulls in Dublin who they say are keeping people awake at night and stealing children's lollipops.
Ned O'Sullivan said today that while they have nothing against pigeons they are “very much against seagulls”.
“I think something needs to be done to address the seagull problem here in this city,” they said during the Order of Business in the Seanad this morning.
O'Sullivan said it seemed that seagulls have “lost the run of themselves completely” and cited complaints from listeners on a recent RTÉ Liveline programme.
They also cited their own personal experience of living in an apartment block in the capital where they find it “impossible” to get a night's sleep because of the seagulls.
“They're very raucous, they're keeping people awake,” O'Sullivan said to muffled laughter in the upper house.
“I saw that they're getting so cheeky now that they attack young children and dispossess them of their lollipops and stuff like that.”
O'Sullivan concluded their brief contribution on the issue by saying that seagulls appared more interested in eating human waste than looking for fish and called on Environment Minister Alan Kelly to examine what can be done.
Brock Yates' multi-car “Cannonball Run” races (1971-1979) added multiple 3d party witnesses — real journalists, bystanders and rival teams — and fragmented film/video recordings. Time cards were punched at both ends, but record keeping was porous. Cheating was allegedly rampant, but the details have been lost to history, obscured by the popularity of the eponymous film with Burt Reynolds and Farrah Fawcett.
Baker's presumed standard for their early records — alleged 3rd party “journalists” and some still images — would barely suffice for a Facebook boast today. Why are Baker's early records still taken at face value? Probably because of the volume of reporting, the lack of modern recording methods, and the difficulty of refuting their claims.
The history of Cannonball Run records is filled with wild claims, starting with Cannonball Baker himself. Who is to say that any or all of their 143 claimed records occurred as their Wiki suggests? The historical record is weak. Baker was paid by manufacturers for many of them, and often accompanied by witnesses in an era when journalism standards were even lower than those of most fake news sites today.
What follows is a summary of prior evidentiary standards, with one critical addition. Whereas the most effective demonstration of Level 4 autonomy would logically exclude any passengers from the vehicle, no less than two humans must be in that Tesla, for reasons I shall explain.
If the “full self-driving” Tesla Cannonball is to serve your broader goals, it is essential that the claim meet an incontrovertible evidentiary standard exceeding that of any prior effort — human or autonomous. Anything less harms not only Tesla, but industry-wide efforts to develop autonomous driving technologies that will save 1M+ lives a year.
Every great leap in the history of human and technological achievement is one that inspires those that follow to greater feats. Any such claim clouded with doubt only leads to disappointment, acrimony and loss of faith extending far beyond the original effort.
The public spectacle of a Tesla's safe journey across the United States will likely become the hinge upon which public faith in autonomous driving will swing.
Among all the potential benefits of self-driving cars, the moral imperative to reduce injuries and deaths caused by human driving towers above all others. Tesla already commands 40% of global press in the automotive sector; combined with the hope, fear and anticipation over the arrival of self-driving cars, the first Level 4 Cannonball Run record will be one of the most important events in the history of transportation, if not human history.
With your claim that a Tesla will make the first “full self-driving” cross-country run before the end of 2017, a new era is about to dawn, and with it a new series of records showcasing the electric and autonomous technologies that will transform the 21st.
Just over 100 years ago, Erwin “Cannonball” Baker drove a Stutz Bearcat from Los Angeles to New York City in 271 hours, ushering in the era of coast-to-coast endurance driving records that still bear their nickname. Although “Cannonballing” is often conflated with reckless driving, Baker's feat—and their 142 records that followed —was intended to demonstrate the safety and reliability of the internal combustion technology that would transform the 20th century.
The top secret U.S. Express races (1980-1983) were the first with real standards, partially due to the participation of now-famous tech figures like Will Wright and their co-driver, the futurist Richard Doherty, who was also the race organizer. They agreed that a time clock should be flown from the start to the finish, and that time cards, toll and fuel receipts be gathered at the end.
Despite these precautions, the record set in 1983 — an incredible 32 hours and 7 minutes — remained disputed until my book and a documentary on the topic were released. Many veterans from 1983 have suggested that no subsequent record would be valid unless VIN numbers were recorded at both ends.
Numerous silly claims were made over the next two decades, until mid-2007, when television personality Richard Rawlings — the Brian Williams of automotive — claimed they and co-driver Dennis Collins set a new record of 31 hours and 59 minutes, all without a shred of evidence. The media picked up their preposterous story, until my team went public later that year with our time of 31 hours and 4 minutes, backed by the largest amount of evidence ever shared publicly.
I was keenly aware of the necessity of incontrovertible proof, not only for our own credibility, but to deter any false claims that might follow. Given the limitations of video hardware, storage methods and bandwidth at the time, we resorted to multiple overlapping methods which could be easily corroborated:
Time cards — w/clock flown from New York to LA All fuel/toll receipts 3rd Parties — including journalists from Wired & Jalopnik 3rd Parties — our attorneys, families, and veterans of the U.S. Express at both ends Spotter Plane — shooting stills/video during daylight hours In-Car Video — from multiple cameras, including thermal/night vision GPS Tracks — recorded on four Garmin GPS units, the only digital record employed
Despite these precautions, it took the editors of Wired and The New York Times several months to validate our claim.
Our evidentiary standard was so high that it deterred any other claims until 2013, when Ed Bolian & David Black claimed a run of 28 hours and 50 minutes. Their decision to eschew journalists and video led to some controversy, but once they made their GPS data and witness list public they were granted the credibility they deserve.
My most recent record—the 2016 Tesla EV/semi-autonomous Cannonball Run of 55 hours (including charging)—returned to the evidentiary standard we set in 2007, and no claims have been made since.
Impressive, but Tesla can and must do better. The world is watching. For every naysayer betting on your failure, countless more want you to succeed. Everyone knows which side I'm on.
The Evidentiary Standard Tesla Needs To Meet
Tesla's upcoming claim needs to substantiated such that no critic can call it a hoax, and no competitor can subsequently claim to have beaten it by meeting a lower standard.
A 2017 record must use 2017 technology, which means exploiting the latest in bandwidth improvements, hardware miniaturization and social platforms. Anything omission in content gathering and propagation will be mercilessly exploited by a clickbait driven media and the kneejerk opposition of those who seek to gain from Tesla's failure — real or perceived.
A Tesla “full-self driving” record therefore requires:
Real-Time Streaming Video In-Car—uninterrupted, bandwidth permitting Real-Time GPS Tracking—available online, to the public
Throw in invitations to your most loyal fans, customers & the media:
3. Predetermined Supercharging Stops—with multiple 3rd party witnesses
And then add the human glue:
4. Passengers
Why are passengers essential? Because the goal of the full self-driving Tesla Cannonball isn't merely a technological demonstration. Total elapsed time is irrelevant.
All that matters is trust.
Not the ten minutes of trust Uber and Waymo's passengers place in a car driving them crosstown. I'm talking about trusting a Tesla to drive itself <3000 miles over three days, on the same route made mythic by Cannonball Baker himself. Nothing short of passengers — at least one of whom is not a Tesla employee — will suffice in demonstrating that trust.
Who Should Be In That Car
There are <10 journalists in the world with the writing skill, the technical knowledge, the audience and the desire to be part of this historic effort. The appropriate passengers must also be comfortable sleeping, writing, managing media and broadcasting from a moving vehicle not under their control for just under two days.
That probably cuts the number to five.
Among them, I'm the only one with any relevant endurance driving or racing experience, including a masochistic 41 hour run in a Morgan 3-Wheeler in wintertime, and multiple semi-autonomous driving records set in the USA, Sweden and Spain, in both Teslas and other brands. I wrote the deepest comparison between Tesla Autopilot and rivals' suites to date, which has been widely circulated within Tesla, and cited by many owners as having compelled them to buy one.
Given my unique contribution to the history of endurance driving records, my credibility among both supporters and skeptics of self-driving cars, my specialized knowledge of autonomous driving technology, and my position as Editor-at-Large for Time's automotive portal The Drive, I hope you will see the value of having me in the car that will make history.
Two days is a long time to spend in a car alone. I hope you choose to send a second person I can get along with. Here's an idea: you take the back seat, and I'll take the front. We can always play Civ head-to-head to pass the time.
Available Now – Order from our shop!
Enhanced By Simplicity
CC430F6137 microprocessor | 2-FSK modulation Up to 500Kbaud raw data rate, throughput defined by software
256 Kbit SRAM
400mW RF output power 902MHz-928MHz
Antennova M10478-A2 GPS
Micro-USB
On-board voltage regulator for 4.5V to 17V operation
Having a day-job where you design rocket and spacecraft avionics will teach you that simplicity is often the best answer. Simplicity allows focus on the main problems to be solved. Faraday is only as complex as necessary. The first radio we develop doesn't need to be software-defined or run embedded Linux. It just needs to work.
Subscribe to Blog via Email
Interfaced Cleanly
USB Serial port
SMA RF connector
RESTful API
A standard SMA connector pumps out up to 400mW into the antenna of choice. Deploying the correct antenna for the situation provides the best performance. Communication with the computer is conducted over a common Micro-USB type B cable. Our open source code provides several levels of interfacing with the radio, all of which implement RESTful approaches.
Knowledge is Power
Faraday is open hardware released under the TAPR Open Hardware License. All supporting base firmware and software is open-source under the GNUv3 license. We mean it when we say we want to enable radio amateurs to be empowered to determine the future of the hobby.
Interfacing the Environment
On-board MOSFET low-side switch with 2A current rating
Six external ADC channels Five 16 Hz low pass filters One unfiltered ADC for microphone/external reference
Nine external GPIO channels
Access to external SPI pins
Ham radio is a beautiful hobby enabling radio amateurs to use spectrum, we should do cool stuff with our privileges. Faraday senses the world through GPS, Analog to Digital Converters (ADCs), and General Purpose Input-Output (GPIO) channels. The node is designed for computer and remote operation and weighs under 30 grams. It's 2016 and it's time we easily sensed as well as controlled our radios locally or remote.
Hardware Defined Radio
Faraday is not a Software Defined Radio. It's modulation capabilities are defined in hardware. Many ham radio products are moving to SDR technology but not Faraday. We set out to provide a solution to the problem of amateur radio not having an easy to learn and cheap digital radio. SDR technology does not solve this problem, it distracts us. Few radio amateurs can be heard complaining that FSK or BPSK is hindering the hobby. Not when we live in a 2016 where 1200 baud AFSK is still the ubiquitous digital modulation. One cannot even purchase internet that slow.
We set out to provide a solution to the problem of amateur radio not having an easy to learn and cheap digital radio. SDR technology does not solve this problem, it distracts us.
Hardware defined radio has the advantage of being low-power by design. In-fact, without enabling any power saving techniques Faraday lasts about 12 hours on a single 9V battery when operated remotely.
Faraday Wears Many Hats
Faraday is intended for point to point communications as well as star networks. Faraday is already an access point for use in a star network providing a path from RF into another network. No fuss. This is accomplished at the network interface of a computer. Initially the data will port through a TCP/IP network such as the Internet to connect access points together. However, there's nothing stopping functionality from being implemented by technologies such as the Broadband-Hamnet™ or AREDN™ in the future to provide more reliable backbone links.
One piece of hardware. One clear mission. Amateur radio's last mile
We at FaradayRF envision a cellular network like data service for amateur radio. Faraday provides both the node and access point for this system as it is built.
Going The Distance
Check out our High Altitude Balloon Faraday Project
Faraday was put to the test on July 24th, 2016 when we drove to the cliffs of Palos Verdes, CA to install a temporary base station. This base station consisted of a Faraday radio, Raspberry Pi 3, battery, and a Hana OD9-5-NF base antenna with 6 dBi omni-directional gain. Positioning the base station on the cliffs of Palos Verdes, CA, about 23 meters above the ocean, provided a clear line-of-sight to the horizon over the Santa Monica Bay. The orange filled circle below is the radio horizon of the base station which clearly ends near LAX with the base station being located at the center where the pin has been dropped. The green filled circle is the radio horizon of the mobile Faraday located on Pepperdine University at an altitude of 183 meters above sea level. This will be described in more detail shortly.
Both Faraday radios were set to output 400mW of RF power at 915MHz. The mobile unit which was driven north up the Pacific Coast Highway used only a 9V battery until it was connected to a computer at Pepperdine University to receive data from the base station. Radio horizons for both stations were beautiful with the base station achieving 16.8 km (10.4 miles) while the mobile unit with its altitude advantage pushing the radio horizon to 48.4 km (30 miles)! Simply put, radio reception occurred along the beach up until LAX as predicted but at Pepperdine University, 40km away from the base station, the radio was just above the horizon of the base station allowing communications to occur.
Faraday was installed a simple Pelican case and a cheap magnetic mounted 915MHz antenna meant for the GSM service. The radio was powered simply by a 9V battery during the entire trip north along the Pacific Coast Highway with a small diversion along Highland Avenue which runs directly along the beach south of LAX.
Several hours later thanks to Los Angeles traffic Faraday was perched atop a 183 meter (600 ft) tall hill on Pepperdine University in Malibu, CA. From this vantage point the radio horizon was a whopping 48.4 km (30 miles) away! This meant that while visually we couldn't see Palos Verdes, CA it was above the horizon behind the clouds and LA smog.
Communications were established using all antennas which were brought including the lowest performance whip antenna shown above. This test proved that with only 400mW of power, a good base station antenna, and a clear line of sight we can achieve very good performance from Faraday. We want to push radio amateurs to not only learn more about digital communications but to be invested in the foundations of a wireless infrastructure serving the last mile. Faraday proved it was capable of this.
This test proved that with only 400mW of power, a good base station antenna, and a clear line of sight we can achieve excellent performance from Faraday.
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
The national conservative group Club for Growth announced a $1 million ad campaign attacking Donald Trump in Iowa on Tuesday, marking the most direct and well-funded attempt from within the Republican Party yet to take down its presidential front-runner.
Club for Growth President David McIntosh unveiled a pair of TV ads for reporters at a news conference in Washington. One accuses Trump of being a closet liberal and shows images of Democratic contenders Bernie Sanders and Hillary Rodham Clinton. The other charges Trump "supports eminent domain abuse."
McIntosh said the ads, which are being aired by Club for Growth Action, the organization's super PAC, will hit TV airwaves later this week.
"He's playing [voters] for chumps," McIntosh said of Trump.
Here are videos of the ads:
The Club for Growth released an ad attacking Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, calling them "just another politician." (Club for Growth)
The Club for Growth released an ad attacking Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump for supporting the Supreme Court's Kelo decision. (Club for Growth)
The ads were released a day before the second Republican debate at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library in Simi Valley, Calif. Trump will be positioned on center stage during the debate, reflecting their lead in the polls.
They also come after a sustained effort by the Club for Growth to persuade skeptical donors that it is a good idea to attack Trump. The Washington Post reported earlier this month that the group, which has feuded with Trump for months, started asking top Republican donors in recent weeks to give donate money to fund attacks against Trump. But some GOP donors were skeptical of the plan, fearing it could fuel Trump's outsider appeal.
McIntosh said that on the whole, donors are "very supportive."
The ad campaign could be mutually beneficial. The Club has relied heavily upon picking fights with other Republicans in recent years. And Trump has made running against the GOP establishment a centerpiece of their campaign.
Trump has insisted that the Club for Growth is attacking them because they refused to write them a $1 million check after a meeting with them earlier this year. Club for Growth officials says Trump's team requested the meeting.
Little respected Club For Growth asked me for $1,000,000 - I said "NO". Now they are spending lobbyist and special interest money on ads! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 15, 2015
“They came to my office, the president of the Club for Growth came to my office; they asked for a million dollars," Trump said in a recent interview with The Washington Post. "He asked for it in writing, just to show you how truly stupid they are. I said, ‘You must be kidding.' I had no interest in doing it. ... We told them no, and immediately thereafter, they came after Trump.”
Trump campaigned before thousands in a professional sports arena in Dallas on Monday night. They emphasized their hard-line views on immigration, including their desire to build a wall on the nation's southern border and deport all illegal immigrants. Many Republicans fear their views are damaging the party's brand.
McIntosh said their group does not take a position on immigration.
Which Spanish word meaning winery literally translates to the 'room where barrels are stored'?
Bodega
In which 1847 novel would you find the character Heathcliff?
Wuthering Heights
In which decade was John F. Kennedy born?
a) 1900s b) 1910s c) 1920s
b) 1910s
The name of which character from British folklore is sometimes used humourously to express exasperation at a long list of people?
a) Uncle Tom Cobley b) Old Willy Morris c) Grandfather Time
a) Uncle Tom Cobley
Which 'b' is salted water used to preserve food?
Brine
Which actor played astronaut Mark Watney in the 2015 film The Martian?
Matt Damon
Mogadishu is the capital of which East African country?
Somalia
Alien Autopsy was a 2006 film starring which British comic duo?
Ant & Dec
Which American actor, comedian and filmmaker was born Allen Stewart Konigsberg in The Bronx, New York in 1935?
Woody Allen
Who resigned as British Prime Minister on 10th January 1957, two months after ordering an end to the Suez operation?
Anthony Eden
Three people, including a 14-year-old boy, were killed on Sunday at two different Jewish community facilities in the Kansas City area, and a man was in custody as police investigated whether the shootings were anti-Semitic, authorities said. The suspected shooter, who was arrested by local police, was identified as a former Klu-Klux Klan leader from neighboring Missouri.
The shootings started around 1 PM at the Jewish Community Center of Greater Kansas City in Overland Park. Two male victims were shot at a parking lot outside the center, where auditions for a musical were taking place. One died at the scene and the other later at a hospital.
The shooter then drove a mile away to Village Shalom, a retirement community connected to the center, where they shot and killed a woman.
The two male victims were identified as Reat Griffin Underwood, 14, a high school first-year student, and their grandfather, Dr. William Corporon, family member Will Corporon said in a statement. Both were members of the United Methodist Church of the Resurrection in Leawood.
Underwood was an Eagle Scout and loved camping and hunting with family, Corporon said. Dr. Corporon had moved to the Kansas City area in 2003 to be closer to their grandchildren.
Two people were shot at, but not hit, the police chief said, adding that it appeared the shooter used a shotgun and possibly other types of guns.
The suspect was taken into custody in the parking lot of a nearby elementary school, Overland Park Police Chief John Douglass told a news conference.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
A Johnson County jail official identified the shooter as that Frazier Glenn Cross as the suspect in Sunday's attacks near Kansas City. They spoke on the condition of anonymity because they aren't authorized to discuss the case publicly.
Public records show that the 73-year-old Cross also goes by the last name Miller. They were being held at a Johnson County detention center on suspicion of premeditated murder in the first degree and was scheduled to appear in court on Monday afternoon, jail records show.
The Southern Poverty Law Center says they have long been an outspoken white supremacist and was once a "grand dragon" of the Carolina Knights of the Ku Klux Klan.
skip -
The group reports on its website that it spoke to Miller's wife, Marge, by phone Sunday and they said police told them that their husband had been arrested in the attacks.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu sent their condolences to the families of the victims. "We condemn the murder which all signs show, was perpetrated out of hatred for Jews." The prime minister added that Israel is committed to fight against anti-Semitism.
The FBI has been called in
Police said it was too early to determine a motive, but a leading anti-hate group said the suspect arrested in the shooting was a longtime anti-Semite.
"We know it's a vicious act of violence. Obviously two Jewish facilities, one might make that assumption," Douglass said. The FBI has been called in to help with the investigation, they said.
skip -
One in custody following deadly shooting in Overland Park http://t.co/6AZdoXQxbq pic.twitter.com/S47uh0CweO — 41 Action News (@41ActionNews) April 13, 2014
Douglass said they could not confirm reports that the suspect had yelled "Heil Hitler" while in the back of the squad car after being taken into custody.
"The suspect in the back of a car made several statements," Douglass said. "We are sifting through and vetting those for accuracy, number one, and number two we are looking at them for their evidentiary value."
A shotgun was used, they said, and investigators were trying to determine whether a handgun and assault-style rifle also were involved.
skip -
U.S. President Barack Obama offered condolences to the shooting victims and their loved ones in a statement issued by the White House on Sunday evening. "Michelle and I offer our thoughts and prayers to the families and friends who lost a loved one and everyone affected by this tragedy."
Attack comes day before Passover
The Jewish Community Center, which is also the site of Kansas City's only Jewish community day school, the Hyman Brand Hebrew Academy, was a hub of activity on Sunday. Several youth groups were meeting, some people were auditioning in the facility's theater for an upcoming music production, people were exercising in the center's gym, and the academy was preparing for a school dance.
Rabbi Herbert Mandl, who works with the Overland Park police, told CNN that the gunman asked people if they were Jewish.
skip -
If you answered yes, you were shot, Mandl said.
My son and I were walking into the Jewish Community Center this afternoon for an umpire clinic, around the west side, and all of the sudden we heard a gunshot, a pretty loud gunshot, Mike Metcalf, an area resident, told Fox News. I turned to look to my right and I can see a man standing outside a car with a shotgun, what to me looked like a shotgun, and there was somebody laying on the ground.
The assisted-living center remained under lockdown following the attack, which came a day before the start of Passover on Monday evening. A police officer outside the B'nai Jehudah congregation said units have been sent to other Jewish facilities as a precaution.
"Everyone participating in JCC programming has been released to their homes," the Jewish Community Center of Greater Kansas City said in a post published on its Facebook page. "Our hearts go out to the families who have suffered loss on this tragic day. Our heartfelt gratitude as well to all those in Kansas City and around the world who have expressed sympathy, concern and support."
Barak Ravid contributed to this report.
Police cars outside Village Shalom, a senior living center where one of three victims was killed, in Leawood, Kansas, April 13, 2014. AFP
Overland Park, Kansas. Image via Google Maps
Connecticut's ‘Dads Matter Too' celebrates fathers' contributions today
WATERBURY >> It's not Father's Day, but events are planned across Connecticut to celebrate the role men play in the lives of their children.
The Dads Matter Too campaign was started by a social worker at the state Department of Children and Families four years ago in Waterbury to promote healthy relationships between fathers and children and reduce the number of homes with absentee fathers.
Events on Saturday include road races, games, rallies and educational programming.
DCF will be using the Waterbury event to launch a public awareness campaign about shaken baby syndrome. The campaign is targeted toward fathers and other male caregivers who are more likely than women to injure a child.
Dads Matter Too gatherings also are planned for Hartford, Bridgeport, New Britain, Middletown, New Haven and Danielson.
At the time of this writing, Rick Santorum is about to suspend their presidential campaign at a press conference in Pennsylvania.
This doesn't come as much of a surprise to anyone–GOP pundits and even remaining presidential hopeful Newt Gingrich have admitted that the inevitability of Romney's nomination is nearly beyond scrutiny at this point. Santorum's own campaign had essentially admitted in recent days that the looming primary in Pennsylvania–Santorum's home state–was a must-win contest and that the admittedly marginal ‘path forward' fro them required as much. It wasn't that long ago, though, post-Wisconsin that Santorum uttered their now famous ‘halftime' comments.
It would seem that a combination of their campaign's estimates of their legitimate chances in Pennsylvania and possibly a recent minor medical scare with their daughter might have finally caused Santorum to decide now was the most graceful moment to exit. Whatever the stated reasons, they're more or less moot compared to what I think the feeble support for Santorum evinces about the broader American electorate.
More telling to the more abstract political and cultural climate, though, is just how weak Santorum's support as been throughout the primary calendar with regards to the larger American audience. Almost all of their coverage can be linked to various controversial statements about the queer community, contraception, and women's rights in general. Much of the growing conversation about the GOP's so-called ‘war on women' is grounded in the Santorum camp's many platforms.
I think this is warm news and very telling about just how receptive the average American is to the kind of hyper social conservatism Santorum waved the banner for. Their biggest weapon against the oily Mitt Romney machine has continued to be their drawing up of themselves as a ‘real conservative' in contrast to Romney's perceived moderateness. I think it's a relatively accurate distinction, and as women in particular look to be turning in greater numbers against the GOP in general and Romney in particular, my impression is that Santorum's claim that ‘the people' want a real conservative is ringing more and more hollow–it doesn't even seem they want a sometimes-conservative in Mitt Romney. I think those that want to make the claim that the general American culture is moving in increasingly progressive directions is seeing all the evidence they need to feel justified on days like today.
Advertisements
There are certain ways that I like to celebrate the end of the work week. My favorite, by far, is drinking Mickey's grenades with my bearded boyfriend at our favorite bar.
Then, I like to follow up those grenades with a bottle of white wine, chicken lo mein, and dancing to “Moves like Jagger” in my living room while “That Thing You Do!” plays on the VHS in the background.
The next morning, I like to get up late and walk to the local 7-ll to get my life's blood (yellow Gatorade). All of these things are a blissfully normal routine for us, except something strange happened this week that was significantly different.
I had donned my laziest weekend attire and set off for my destination.
En route I encountered a rowdy group of “Jesus Saves” people. They were nice enough and enthusiastically jolly, so I stopped while they were frantically yelling at me. Had it been angry zealots I would have moved right along, but these people seemed to be a combination of happy and brief. They handed me my pamphlet,
and then the amazingly disturbing thing happened. They handed me a blanket…because they thought I was homeless.
At first I felt the need to explain: I'm lazy; I live next door to 7-11; I have no reservations about looking like a slob on a Saturday afternoon; I do, in fact, rent a home. But then I thought about how cold my apartment is and how my current blanket is looking a bit rough.
I took the blanket.
So I took the pamphlet and blanket, put my Gatorade in my pocket, and proceeded to Dunkin' Donuts where the man behind the counter also thought I was homeless (but in their case they were just frightened; no free salt bagels and coffee there).
As it turns out Jesus did indeed save me a trip to the store and money for a blanket. Thanks Jesus!
Advertisements
614 Shares Share
“To trust children, we must first learn to trust ourselves… and most of us were taught as children that we could not be trusted.” —John Holt
Did it matter to you, as a child, whether an adult believed in you?
Was your mother's acceptance important?
Or maybe it was your favorite teacher's nod of approval?
That gratifying good job fist-bump from your cool uncle?
An adult's sign of approval meant that we – as needy, mistake-prone children – were finally doing something right. We were becoming more mature, more trustworthy, more adult-ish.
We want children to grow into responsible adults. And responsible basically means financially stable, socially well-adjusted, and mentally healthy, right?
The more adult-ish behavior a child displays, the more we trust that they'll make smart, safe choices without our guidance or enforced boundaries.
But children don't just need adults to help them learn how to make safe choices and follow directions. They also need us to make space for them to learn how to lead and trust themselves.
Children need to build healthy senses of agency so that they become adults who feel equipped to manage their behaviors and to understand their own thoughts.
But we can't help them practice those skills if we do not prioritize them.
And the problem is that we tend to prioritize intellectual development (education) while neglecting emotional intelligence (intuition).
But the truth is that both are necessary to take a whole-person approach to supporting children. Because a strong connection to intuition can promote healthy agency and amplify confident self-expression.
Lacking practice in emotional intelligence skills, though, children risk becoming adults who are grossly unpracticed in their abilities to recognize, interpret, manage, and gauge their emotions and the emotions of others.
And when a person can't feel comfortable making choices for themselves, or confident about how they relate to other people, their personal relationships and emotional wellness suffer.
So let's look at three common ways that a lack of self-trust shows up in our adult lives. Because understanding our own barriers to a healthy sense of agency can help us to better lead ourselves, and to model healthier options to children we love.
1. We Learned to Value Forced Education Instead of Genuine Lifelong Learning
I once sat on a parenting panel where a mother of five girls said that none of their daughters were interested in learning, and that if they didn't force them, they wouldn't learn anything.
Hearing them say that – and hearing in their voice that they believed it – really broke my heart. But it didn't surprise me. It's a perspective that some parents find hard to let go.
We live in a time where we look for external validation and measurable proof to tell us whether something we do is valuable or valid. We don't look to students. Or teachers. We look to test scores.
Children who do well in school get praised, and are made to feel confident. Confidence, therefore, is built through approval from other people – usually adults.
This is so far true that even when we become adults – and, in theory, can manage and validate ourselves – we still worry about what other people think about our choices, about our lives.
We want autonomy. We want to give zero fucks and follow our bliss. But the evidence from our own battles with trusting our intuition shows up and denies us permission.
This socialization toward an outward focus for validation affects the way we care for children, too.
Even though they're rarely given the opportunity, it's decided that children need to be told what to learn and how to learn it.
And this is harmful because it tells children that we don't trust them to participate in meaningful decisions about their own lives.
We make that choice for them.
Children should have a say in what they learn. They should have space in their day for getting to understand how they learn, and exploring their interests through all available concrete, digital, and human resources.
They should be supported in using intuition (theirs and ours), instead of rules created and enforced by adults.
For example, we look to concrete, highly generalized, often racist high-stakes testing structures to tell us whether children are learning.
But in reality, since these formats don't factor in variances in learning styles, and tend to undervalue cultural context and self-identity, they consistently fail many of our children.
Still, we operate with the mindset that these structures, with their focus on intellect, represent our best chance at guiding our children toward a thriving adulthood.
But our children's teachers are limited by policies and politics. And since we came out of those problematic structures, most of us recognize that school wasn't the place we learned to thrive.
For many, it was daily life experience – home life, personal interests, and even chance meetings – that influenced the people we became. And we can nurture, rather than stifle, the contemplation of these experiences in children.
For my unschooling family, it's debatable whether children need school at all. But certainly, without emotional intelligence, good sense of agency and social awareness, it becomes increasingly difficult to value ourselves in childhood – and to develop that sense of value in adulthood.
2. We Learned to Accept Violence as a Normal Part of Love
“All too often, women believe it is a sign of commitment, an expression of love, to endure unkindness or cruelty, to forgive and forget. In actuality, when we love rightly, we know that the healthy, loving response to cruelty and abuse is putting ourselves out of harm's way.” —bell hooks
And hooks' point applies to all genders. And all ages.
I have hit my daughters before. I don't ever call it spanking, either. I hit them. Whether hard or not-too-hard; on the butt or in their palm, it was hitting, and it is done to children by an adult who loves them.
Because they need discipline. And because if they don't listen to my words, as a caring parent, my next step should be to physically intimidate them into doing what I say.
Help us keep publishing more like it by Help us keep publishing more like it by becoming a member!
Greetings Backers!
We have some bad news for you all. It doesn't look like our kickstarter is going to successfully fund, and rather than have it slowly perish, we're pulling the plug. We're looking to learn from our experience so we can successfully reboot the kickstarter at a later date.
Take the Survey
First off, if you want to be kept in the loop for future news about Citadel of the Sky Pirates, you can send us a message through kickstarter or on our contact page: http://www.grigglinggames.com/contact-us/, or on facebook at https://www.facebook.com/GrigglingGames
We are going ahead with showing and playtesting the game at Gen Con with three regular LARPing events, and an evening Soiree featuring Magician Michael Mirth. We'll be joining the Circle City Aerodrome at a party on Saturday night of Gen Con as well, and more, depending on how much I want to challenge myself.
The number one mistake I think we did is try to rush the game to market before we had a chance to send prototypes to steampunk clubs and playtest the game at a bunch of conventions.
In order to get better feedback on our product, we've setup a survey we'd appreciate you filling out to get a better sense of how we might make a reboot more successful. https://www.surveymonkey.com/s/K8YW699
The more you tell us, the better our product will get! In the meantime, we'll see you at Origins and Gen Con, and more! Check out everyplace we'll be on our events calendar:
http://www.grigglinggames.com/events/
Thank you so much for your support during this kickstarter campaign and look forward to working with you all to make our product better and move it to the next step!
Full Steam Ahead!
- Ian and everyone else at Griggling Games
Sen. John McCain returned to the Senate floor for an impassioned speech, calling for both Republicans and Democrats to come together.
The big quote: "Stop listening to the bombastic loudmouths on the radio and the television and the internet — to hell with them! They don't want anything done for the public good. Our incapacity is their livelihood."
On a health care compromise: "We haven't found it yet, and I'm not sure we will…I will not vote for this bill as it is today. It's a shell of a bill right now. We all know that…If this process ends in failure, which seems likely, then let's return to regular order."
Worth considering: Just before their vote, McCain voted yes on a motion to proceed to debate a repeal of the Affordable Care Act — without knowing exactly what a repeal bill looks like and with full knowledge that the motion's failure would very likely force Sen. Mitch McConnell to bring the Senate back to regular order.
The Cypriot deposit confiscation has come and gone (and in a parallel world in which the global Bernanke-put never existed and in which bank shareholders were not untouchable, this is precisely how real-time bank restructurings should have taken place), but fears remain that the country's "resolution" mechanism will be the template for future instances of "resolving" insolvent banks. That may or may not be the case: the only way to know for sure is during the next European bank bailout, but one thing is certain - Cyprus was certainly a template when it comes to how a world full of insolvent sovereigns (all engaged in currency warfare), where easing, quantitative or otherwise no longer works to boost the economy, will approach what is the last chance for monetary replenishment - taxation of financial assets, just as we warned first back in 2011. Specifically, Cyprus showed the "template" for confiscating Russian oligarch billionaire "ill-gotten", untaxed cash, which many in Germany demanded should be the quid for ongoing German-funded quo. And here's the rub. There is more where said "ill-gotten" cash has come from. Much more... $32 trillion more.
An estimate by James Henry, senior advisor of Tax Justice Network, confirms that the Cypriot confiscation template will certainly be used again and again for one, or 32 trillion simple reasons: the amount of illicit, off-shore held wealth, to which the proprietors have zero recourse in a world in which the war against tax evaders has gone both nuclear and global, has grown to stupendous levels. To wit: "A significant fraction of global private financial wealth -- by our estimates, at least $21 to $32 trillion as of 2010 -- has been invested virtually tax-­free through the world's still-­expanding black hole of more than 80 "offshore" secrecy jurisdictions."
It hardly needs mentioning that to a Europe mired in years of painful "austerity" (which is what Europe inaccurately blames its sordid, depressionary fate on when in reality it is merely reverting to a state that is justified by reality when an unsustainable decade-long credit bubble finally pops), "tax-free offshore wealth" is the purest possible code word for "confiscation-eligible."
Tying it all together, as a reminder a few days ago we noted that in the US alone there is a "high quality collateral" shortage of some $11 trillion. Extrapolating this to the entire world, the amount balloons to a little over $30 trillion.... or roughly the amount that is held in offshore tax shelters which may or may not be susceptible to confiscation. And while confiscated cash is hardly the collateral that banks need in order to preserve the illusion that a world rooted in repo and other shadow liabilities is stable, it will certainly extend and pretend the illusion for a little longer.
From this perspective, it becomes immediately obvious that the Russian oligarchs parking their cash in Cyprus were merely the Guniea Pigs, and the several billions or so confiscated (under the guise of bank resolution of course), will hardly be sufficient to fund Europe's coffers, where insolvent nations and banks have become synonymous, which is why any incremental capital deficiencies will be cured precisely using the Cypriot tax confiscation weath-redistribution template.
But even that is just the beginning. Because in the Tax Justice report we immediately read that...
Remember: this is just financial wealth. A big share of the real estate, yachts, racehorses, gold bricks -- and many other things that count as non-­financial wealth - are also owned via offshore structures where it is impossible to identify the owners. These are outside the scope of this report. On this scale, this - offshore economy - is large enough to have a major impact on estimates of inequality of wealth and income; on estimates of national income and debt ratios; and - most importantly - to have very significant negative impacts on the domestic tax bases of key "source" countries (that is, countries that have seen net unrecorded private capital outflows over time.)
(yes, we underlined gold bricks - soon to be confiscated from a bank vault near you all to fund "bank resolution").
So for anyone who still hasn't gotten the memo, and understood that "offshore tax-haven" is now the most dangerous oxymoron in an insolvent world, here is the intro from the 2012 Tax Justice report which is a must-read for everyone confused about Europe's confiscatory blueprint:
And the punchline, or where the "template" was literally spelled out for anyone seeking:
New Revenue Sources for Global Needs. Finally, if we could figure out how to tax all this offshore wealth without killing the proverbial Golden Goose, or at least entice its owners to reinvest it back home, this sector of the global underground is also easily large enough to make a significant contribution to tax justice, investment, and paying the costs of global problems like climate change.
Guess what Cyprus was: Europe finally "figuring out" how to tax all this offshore wealth. So the only thing needed to reapportion even more offshore wealth - more "bank failures" whose "resolution" will represent precisely the "ethically-justified" basis for German popular consumption to confiscate the money which to some 99.9% of the population should not have been accumulated in the first place.
Or, to summarize all of the above: with the middle class now wiped and tapped out, the wealthy have finally turned on themselves!
Finally, for those who find themselves at the top of these two wealth pyramids, we suggest you panic:
CTV British Columbia
An unidentified woman is dead after falling from a popular hiking trail in Squamish, according to police.
They said the woman was hiking near the first summit on the Stawamus Chief between 4 and 5 p.m. Sunday when the incident occurred.
Not much is known about what caused the woman to fall and officials said they were not carrying a phone or identification.
Search and rescue crews described them as a white woman with black, curly hair in their mid-30s. They said they were wearing a light blue tank top and light green khaki shorts.
Police are asking anyone who may have seen or heard anything before, during or after the incident to contact them.
The popular mountain has three main summits ranging from 2,000 to 2,300 feet high, which are all accessible via steep hiking trails.
Despite the clear success of The DAO so far, various people are concerned this concept will run into some trouble sooner or later. There is only so much technology can do, but unless people smarten up, the DAO will not be the unicorn a lot of investors assume it is.
Success of The DAO does not Negate Potential Risks
Over the past few weeks, the majority of news regarding The DAO has been regarding their successful crowdsale, which has surpassed US$100m already. This is quite a milestone for a concept that has no clear leader and has no physical form either. At the same time, a lot of people see the value of a decentralised autonomous organization, but are they overestimating its potential?
There are many reasons as to why The DAO could be dead in the water before the concept gains major traction in the real world. While every investor is invited to participate in the voting process, there will always be a significant number of members who have no intention of doing so. Moreover, there is a question as to whether or not the majority of enthusiasts can make rational and responsible decisions, rather than following a majority.
While The DAO requires a certain voter participation threshold, the team seems very confident the investors will adequately adhere to these guidelines. But at the same time, people have to ask themselves whether or not that is even realistic, as it has to be achieved without proxy voting. Plus, there is a lot to lose by either voting or not voting, which is a factor very few people have taken into account.
More importantly, an interesting point was raised on Steemit regarding the funding of projects:
“Considering many of the investors in the DAO also hold ETH there is a conflict of interest in their voting preferences. Most individuals will see the short-term cost (loss of liquidity) of authorizing spending to be much higher than the long-term benefit. After all, authorizing a $1 million dollar project will cause the DAO to lose 1% of its capital today and would likely move the Ethereum price by more than 1% down as everyone attempts to front-run the sell pressure created by the project.“
There is an argument to be made for the technological side of The DAO, which is very appealing and a significant factor in the project's success so far. However, it remains to be seen if this technology can address the real issues associated with joint ventures, or if it is just addressing one small part. It is too early to tell whether or not this concept will fail, but there is a likely chance the majority of investors expect too much from this project in the short run.
Source: Steemit
Header image courtesy of NewsBTC
In common with Virginia Woolf, Henry David Thoreau, Charles Darwin, May Sarton, Anais Nin, Gary Snyder, Katherine Mansfield, Joan Didion, Leonardo da Vinci, St. Therese of Lisieux, and countless other writers, I am a diarist. I have kept a diary, with more or less regularity, since first grade. When I fall into a period in which I neglect “the notebook,” as Gary Snyder refers to their journal, I find myself less settled, less clear, less creative, less sure of myself, less inspired, and–yes–I think also less intelligent.
I used to keep a separate notebook for my nature observations and sketches alongside my everyday diary, but now I just throw everything into one book, which seems right to me–life and nature tangled together, as they are in truth. When I teach writing, the habit of keeping a journal is the first thing I recommend: Carry a notebook everywhere, and write whatever and whenever you like.
Starting (or returning to the habit after a long hiatus) is the hardest part. Even seasoned writers know that blank pages, especially the first blank pages of any project, can be strangely intimidating for flat, inanimate objects. Here are my top three tips for staring down page one, and getting started in the habit of diarizing:
1. For your first diary, choose a cheap notebook. I think that once you are in the habit of keeping a journal, you should choose a book that delights you. But does this sound familiar? You want to start a diary, and so for inspiration you purchase some elegantly bound book filled with handmade, flower-petal-strewn paper. A book this beautiful deserves to be started while you are sitting in the perfect place, with the perfect pen, and the perfect cup of tea. The first words to grace its pages must also be perfect: thoughtful, intelligent, yet personal.
How intimidating! Mark Twain themselves would be struck dumb by such requirements! And so the gorgeous diary sits empty, sometimes for all eternity. Now you feel guilty for not starting a diary as you'd intended to, and for buying an expensive journal that gathers dust.
Composition books are perfect for starting to journal, or getting back in the habit. They're a comfortable size, a perfect number of pages, and unintimidatingly cheap. Once you are settled into the habit of keeping a diary, then go for the flower paper, or whatever inspires you. (I am lovingly devoted to my current diary–a cover of rich, aged leather, with refillable fountain-pen-friendly paper. It looks like it could have been carried by a medieval bard, and I plan to use it for the rest of my life.)
2. Counter first-page jitters by starting with a quote or poem. I still do this, and it's magical–the first page fills up, and you don't even have to think of what to say! Here is a few from my recent notebooks:
“Je choisis tout. ” (I choose all.)–St. Therese of Lisieux
“Everything I do gon' be funky from now on.” –Dr. John
“It is true that we are called to create a better world. But we first of all called to a more immediate and exalted task: that of creating our own lives.” –Thomas Merton
Or there is always the diarist's perrenial favorite from Mary Oliver:
“Instructions for living a life.
Pay attention.
Be astonished.
Tell about it.”
3. Whenever you don't know what to write, try this: “So, right now I'm…” This will cover everything from crying over bad break-ups to observing limpets at low-tide.
I don't often read through my old diaries, but after gathering them for the photo at the top of this post, I heaped them onto my desk, and have been peeking into the pages now and then. Wow–if I hadn't written most of this stuff down, it might as well not have happened, as far as my memory goes. The most wonderful thing I am learning (or is it the most disheartening thing?) is that I am just the same as I was ten years ago–the same things make me anxious, joyful, peaceful. The same issues–living simply, living creatively, living wild, learning what it means to be a mother, a wife–lie at the center of my mind's wandering. I see, as I never have before, that my life is a spiral staircase (or maybe a kettle of vultures on a morning thermal) winding around itself, but with an ever-higher view.
And if none of this is enough for you, a new study shows that keeping a diary about emotional events can dramatically speed healing from traumatic physical injury.
Are you a regular, wanna-be, or on-again/off-again diarist? I'd love to hear your stories.
You may also like:
Non-essential personnel have been evacuated from a shallow-water well Apache Corp. has been drilling in the Gulf of Mexico, amid concerns about an underground flow of natural gas at the site.
Gas has not been detected at the seafloor and there is no sign of pollution at the location, but federal regulators confirmed Thursday that Apache reported the underground gas movement after an emergency more than a week ago.
Workers triggered the blowout preventer at the site to keep the well under control on Feb. 4, after they detected a kick, an uncontrolled flow of fluid coming to the surface. Although the move successfully prevented gas from escaping, later testing detected that hydrocarbons had migrated from the bottom of the well roughly 8,300 feet down to a shallower sand formation 1,100 feet below the surface.
Read more: Apache earnings drop 44 percent for 4Q
“The well was shut in, and the blowout preventers are functioning properly,” Apache Corp. said in a statement. No one was injured in the incident.
Apache is now working with well control experts from Boots and Coots to kill the well. At the direction of the Interior Department's Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement, Apache is mobilizing another drilling rig — the Rowan Cecil Provine — to the location in case a relief well is necessary.
The well is located in 218 feet of water about 50 miles east of Venice, La. It was being drilled by the Ensco 87 jack-up rig.
Baltimore City Councilman Carl Stokes (D) criticized President Obama and Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake (D) for referring to rioters in Baltimore as “thugs” saying, “just call them n*ggers” in an interview on Tuesday's “OutFront” on CNN.
When asked if “thugs” was the right term to describe the riot, Stokes said, “no, of course it's not the right word to call our children thugs. These are children who have been set aside, marginalized, who have not been engaged by us. No, we don't have to call them thugs.”
They were then pressed on whether that justifies the rioting, they stated that while the rioting was unjustified, “calling them thugs — just call them n*ggers. Just call them n*ggers. No, we don't have to call them by names such as that. We don't have to do that. That is exactly what we have set them to. Now, when you say ‘come on,' come on what? You wouldn't call your child a thug if they should do something that would not be what you would expect them to do.”
Earlier, they declared, “today has been a tremendously good day in Baltimore. We woke up this morning at 5:00 a.m., cleaning up the streets, cleaning up the neighborhoods. People have come out of their doors, no one is staying behind closed doors in Baltimore. The residents are coming out and saying ‘this is our town, this is our city.' Our issue is justice being served. So, there were a few aberrant, and I know that that was a terrible scene that we saw last night and a little bit on Saturday, but the greater majority, so a few hundred people versus hundreds of thousands of residents of Baltimore city, have come out of their homes and said, ‘this is Baltimore. This is our Baltimore.' And they're showing just who we are and why we're standing up for justice, not only for Freddie Gray, but for all of the Freddie Grays that have been killed or brutalized in Baltimore.”
Stokes did defend the woman who cameras caught disciplining their son during the riots, arguing, “she was trying to save their lives. It is clear that it's better that they hit them than the police hit them and brutalize them and take their life from him.”
(h/t The Right Scoop)
Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett
YAP Istanbul Modern: Young Architects Programme June 25 – October 20, 2013 This biannual exhibition sees the Istanbul Modern work with the the MoMA and MoMA PS1 to enable emerging architects the chance to design a temporary installation within the gallery's courtyard. With the intention of increasing global awareness of current environmental issues, the architects focus on themes such as recycling and sustainable design in order to create open-air spaces that provide for the public during the hotter months of the Turkish calendar. Visitors of the 2013 exhibition will experience ‘Sky Spotting Stop', this year's winning exhibition which will be on show until the end of the event, as well as a range of programmes and information about the projects of previous winners.
Rock ‘n Coke September 6 – September 8, 2013 Turkey's biggest music festival Rock ‘n Coke has been going for a decade and hosts not only some of the biggest bands in contemporary music but a catalogue of culture and arts events. Inaugurated in 2003, the festival includes feature films, theatre performances, book signings and readings, interviews with artists, discussions, workshops and an array of entertainment from acrobatics to pantomime. With the musical highlights of 2013 including Primal Scream and The Prodigy, this open air music festival sets itself as a celebration of Turkish and international music and cultures, culminating in a varied array of experiences from over 100 performances.
Istanbul Biennale September 14 – October 20, 2013 Titled ‘Mom, am I Barbarian?' after a poem by Lale Müldür, the 2013 Istanbul Biennale is curated by Fulya Erdemci. The theme behind the exhibition looks at the notions of democracy, contemporary politics and the essential difficulties within these concepts that are rooted within the question of what it means to be civilised. Other themes such as the idea of the ‘barbarian' and how this relates to the ‘civilised' person's notion of the ‘other' will be explored. These concepts will be highlighted through the use of public buildings as exhibition spaces, in addition to the use of ‘urbanised' spaces such as shopping centres and office buildings. The biennale will take place at Antrepo no.3 in Tophane, Galata Greek Primary School in Karaköy, ARTER and SALT Beyoğlu on İstiklal Street and 5533 in İMÇ 5th Block, and will be a free event.
ArtInternational Istanbul September 16 – September 18, 2013 Although in its first year, ArtInternational Istanbul is set to be a favourite amongst art enthusiasts for years to come with the strong team of prestigious arts organisers and professionals involved. The art fair will engage with a selection of international and local artists within its events, exhibitions and forums that are held at the Halic Congress Center. Those visiting Istanbul will get the chance to see the diversity of the city set against its incredible contemporary and modern arts scene. In addition to fantastic premiers such as David Claerbout's film Travel (1996 – 2013), the event will feature a non-profit section, which will promote alternative institutions and artists' collectives from Turkey. A contemporary art fair with 62 international galleries exhibiting as well as the Artistic Programme, the event will include the Delfina Foundation and SPOT.
Akbank Jazz Festival September 25 – October 12, 2013 An 18 day event, the 2013 Akbank Jazz Festival has been running for over 20 years. The festival is a huge celebration of this rich musical genre, and events will include performances from some of jazz's most internationally renowned artists, bringing visitors from all over Turkey and the world. The festival comes after a successful April, which saw Istanbul host the 2013 International Jazz Day. In addition to workshops and talks, the event will show performances from musicians such as Tortured Soul, The Real Tuesday Weld, Mattias Nilsson and Enrico Rava. Akbank Jazz Festival is an eclectic festival that highlights the many layers of music and culture within Istanbul.
Istanbul International Architecture and Urban Films Festival 1 October – 9 October, 2013 Organised by the Chamber of Architects of Turkey, the Architecture and Urban Films Festival has been running since 2007. The festival has a focused objective to emphasise the importance of architectural and cultural development, whilst simultaneously protecting historical buildings and improving ways of life. In doing this, it aims to involve both professionals in the field and architectural enthusiasts. The event sponsors films that centre around the importance of these issues, exposing them to a wide audience and providing a place within which filmmakers and other experts in the field can communicate. The event highlights World Architecture Day which takes place on the first Monday in October.
Istanbul Tanpinar Literature Festival October 30 – November 3, 2013 This innovative festival presents itself as a celebration of literature from Turkey and overseas, and in doing this opens up a communication between local and foreign literary minds. A rich network of partnerships with overseas organisations such as the Manchester Literature Festival and Writers Unlimited makes the Tanpinar Literature Festival hold some truly exciting and novel events. Dozens of authors from over 20 countries will take part in the event, which is named after the acclaimed Turkish novelist and poet Ahmet Hamdi Tanpinar. Now in its 5th year, the festival serves as a platform for exchange between European cultures and will emphasise the importance of literature in raising awareness of contemporary issues.
Istanbul Book Fair November 2 – November 10, 2013 Held annually since 1982, the 2013 International Istanbul Book Fair will feature China as its Guest of Honour. Organised by both TÜYAP Fairs and the Publishers Association of Turkey, the fair will take place at the TÜYAP Fair and Convention Centre. Featuring over 200 individual events and over 600 publishers, the People's Republic of China have chosen a general theme for their selection of events ‘New Silk Road', which will focus on the history of Chinese literature and its incredible adaptation from traditional writings to the more contemporary works of prose we see today. Visitors will witness a diverse range of events including workshops, discussions, interviews, signings and exhibitions, and the fair will run alongside the 23rd International Istanbul Art Fair.
Contemporary Istanbul 7 November – 10 November, 2013 2013 sees Contemporary Istanbul (CI) in its 8th edition. The event will be one of several arts events that collectively aim to put Istanbul at the centre of the contemporary art world, and will serve to attract art professionals and enthusiasts from all over the world. Boosting Istanbul's reputation as a key player in the contemporary art market, the event will include a collection of both local Turkish and international works. CI will feature over 100 galleries from a total of 21 countries, making it the largest arts event in Istanbul to date. Utilising the geography of Istanbul as a bridge between cultures, organisers seek to make it a ‘cultural platform', and with the previous year attracting 68,000 people worldwide, 2013 is set to be a success.
Istanbul Design Week November 27 – December 01, 2013 Held at Kucuk Ciftlik Park, Macka, Istanbul's Design Week looks at established international design, and across five days there will be an abundance of exhibitions, workshops and conferences. 2013 will see 25 countries participating, thus giving Istanbul the chance to portray its designs to the international design world, providing increased communication between designers from different countries. Allowing for a refreshing viewpoint on new designs, design week underlines the fact that the city of Istanbul is developing, creating a new urban identity for itself. Istanbul Design Week holds conferences, panels and seminars that discuss everything related to design, all past and future trends and include world famous designers sharing their experiences.
The news will come as a boost to Android's operating system, which already accounts for more than half the world's smartphones. But it will be a further blow to rival Microsoft, whose smartphone share is now below 2 per cent globally, as well as LG and Sony, whose share of the market is also falling.
Korean Samsung is the biggest mobile phone company in the world, ahead of long-time number one Nokia, and also the biggest maker of smartphones ahead of Apple .
Apple's latest iPhone, the 4S, was preordered more than one million times in its first 24 hours of online availability, but no further official figures were released.
The Korea Economic Daily claims that Samsung's factory is producing five million S3 devices a month, and is already operating at full capacity.
The Galaxy S3, unveiled at an international launch held at London's Earls Court arena, includes innovative new features such as eye tracking so that the screen stays on while a user is looking at it.
It will go on sale on May 29, and Samsung has already said that it will "substantially contribute" to its second-quarter earnings.
In the UK the S3 will be free with contracts of £36 per month.
Samsung is hoping the device will replicate the success of its predecessor, the SII, which has sold a total of 20million units.
The S3 also features a 4.8” display, one of the largest on the market, and the ability to automatically initiate a call to a contact onscreen when the phone is held up to its user's face. Samsung has also added voice control, similar to Apple's ‘personal assistant' Siri, and will offer 50GB of online storage via a partnership with Dropbox.com.
Samsung has also announced that the device will be the official phone of the London Olympics, and said that “a limited edition showcase device enabled with Visa's mobile payment application, Visa payWave, will be available for Samsung and Visa sponsored athletes and trialists”.
Ryan B. Farmer (Photo: Provided by the Johnson County Sheriff's Office)
A Franklin massage therapist who is facing battery charges because of allegations that they fondled their clients has had their license suspended.
The Indiana State Board of Massage Therapy on Monday voted to immediately suspend the massage therapy license of Ryan B. Farmer, 24, who practiced massage therapy at CMG Family Wellness Center in Franklin.
Farmer was arrested on July 4 after three former clients told police that they inappropriately fondled and groped them during their sessions. They were charged in Johnson County with three counts of battery.
According to a news release from the office of Indiana Attorney General Greg Zoeller, a fourth client of Farmer's has come forward and filed an additional police report alleging battery.
Zoeller's office filed an emergency petition with the board to suspend Farmer's license while the criminal charges are pending. During a Monday hearing, Farmer's license was suspended for 90 days.
“To protect the health and safety of the public, this license holder will not be able to perform massage therapy in the State of Indiana until these serious criminal allegations are resolved,” Zoeller said in a statement.
If an administrative complaint is filed against Farmer, the board would determine any further disciplinary action, such as further license suspension, revocation or fines.
Officials said some of the clients who are alleging inappropriate conduct by Farmer told investigators they purchased the massage from an online coupon service.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Breaking News newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Urgent developments you should know now, not later. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-888-357-7827. Delivery: varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Breaking News Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Court documents said that Farmer was shocked to hear the allegations after the first woman came forward in March and denied touching them  They are accused of then fondling two more women in May.
It is unclear when the fourth woman came forward and when they were a client at CMG. Farmer resigned after the allegations came to light.
According to online court records, a jury trial for the case will begin in November.
Call IndyStar reporter Justin L. Mack at (317) 444-6138. Follow them on Twitter:@justinlmack.
Read or Share this story: http://indy.st/2b9gUdu
(Update: Exhumed body in Ala. could be notorious Bethesda slayings fugitive Brad Bishop)
Investigators probing the nearly 40-year-old case of Bradford Bishop — a one-time diplomat who has been missing since they were accused of killing their family in Bethesda in 1976 — want to exhume the body in Alabama of a man whose 1981 photograph resembles the notorious fugitive.
“We are running down every lead,” said Stephen Vogt, special agent in charge of the Baltimore field office of the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
Vogt declined to comment on the chances that the man is Bishop. But they said if it's not, and Bishop is still alive and following news coverage of the latest development, Bishop should be careful.
“If he's laughing at us, they shouldn't laugh too long, because we're coming after him,” Vogt said.
Bradford Bishop in the 1970s. (The Washington Post)
The identity of the man in the photograph has long been a mystery. On Oct. 18, 1981, they were walking down Highway 72 in Scottsboro, Ala., when a car hit and killed him, according to court filings. They had no identification and was assigned the name John Doe. A coroner took a photograph of the man before they were buried.
It is that photo that has investigators' attention. The development was earlier reported by WRC (Channel 4).
“Both John Doe and Bishop have cleft chins, distinctive noses, thin lips and similar hairlines and sideburns,” wrote Pamela Hanson, an FBI agent in Alabama.
Them affidavit was filed Tuesday along with an exhumation request by Charles R. Rhodes, District Attorney for Jackson County, Alabama.
The tip about John Doe came after the airing of a recent CNN episode about the Bishop case on “The Hunt with John Walsh,” which produced numerous leads.
Authorities said if they are able to exhume the body they want to compare John Doe's DNA to a sample of Bishop's DNA, which was taken from evidence originally collected in the case.
Nearly four decades ago, when Bishop was a State Department Foreign Service officer, they unleashed a series of vicious attacks inside their Bethesda home, according to authorities. Their mother, their wife and their three young sons — all beaten to death with a small sledgehammer.
While it was still dark, Bishop loaded the bodies into the family's maroon Chevy station wagon, police say, drove 275 miles to a swampy and wooded part of North Carolina, dug a shallow grave and set the corpses on fire. Bishop's station wagon was later found in North Carolina at the Great Smoky Mountains National Park [GSMNP] — some 207 miles from Scottsboro, Ala.
“Bishop was an avid outdoors man and had extensive camping experience in Africa and could have avoided being seen,” court records state. “The GSMNP encompasses 522,419 acres and has 850 miles of hiking trails. Bishop could have remained in the North Carolina/Tennessee/Alabama area for many years without being discovered.”
Hanson, the FBI agent, spoke with a funeral home director in Alabama who remembered John Doe's body. They recalled that case as a hit and run, with the victim suffering multiple leg fractures. That could explain a slight different in height — measured 5'9” for John Doe compared to 6'1” for Bishop.
The funeral home worker also told Hanson they remembered removing clothing from John Doe and that “he was wearing multiple layers of dirty, heavy clothing, like they would expect a homeless person to wear.”
This story has been updated.
In the last few years, ITV News Presenter Charlene White has received a torrent of racist abuse on social media sites around their decision not to wear a poppy on-air.
As a supporter of the Poppy Appeal, here they explain in their own words why they choose not to wear one when they are reading the news.
In the last few years I've been subjected to a torrent of racist and sexist abuse as a result of me choosing not to wear a poppy on-screen, while presenting for ITV News. I support and am patron of a number of charities and I am uncomfortable with giving one of those charities more on-screen time than others. I prefer to be neutral and impartial on-screen so that one of those charities doesn't feel less favoured than another.
CHATTANOOGA -- Volkswagen will take a step back from the diesel powertrains that defined its U.S. vehicle lineup for the better part of a decade amid a repositioning of the brand in the aftermath of the automaker's emissions scandal, VW's top U.S. official says.
Hinrich Woebcken, CEO of Volkswagen Group of America, told Automotive News this week that VW won't relaunch “clean diesels” as a core element of its brand identity in the U.S., where VW dominated diesel passenger car sales before being consumed by its emissions cheating scandal.
Diesels are in VW's plans for 2017 through 2019, assuming regulatory approval, Woebcken said, but the company is re-evaluating the role of the powertrain in its U.S. lineup further in the future.
“We are not stopping diesel. Wherever diesel makes sense as a package to the car, we'll continue,” Woebcken said. “But in reality, we have to accept that the high percentage of diesels that we had before will not come back again.”
The recognition reflects a significant shift for VW, which prior to the scandal offered a diesel engine in six of the eight nameplates it sold in the U.S., accounting for more than 20 percent of its pre-scandal U.S. sales and the lion's share of all U.S. diesel car sales.
VW halted sales of 2015 model diesels in September 2015 after the EPA announced the company's emissions violations. In October, VW withdrew requests for EPA approvals needed to sell 2016 model diesels. It hasn't yet asked for EPA permission to begin selling new diesels again.
Tougher penalties
VW's thinking also reflects the challenges that it and other automakers offering diesels will face from that so-called Tier 3 tailpipe emissions regulations that take effect in 2017. The U.S. rules start to get much tougher after 2019, especially for oxides of nitrogen emissions, and are expected to require significant changes to diesel emissions systems.
“The regulations from 2019-2020 are going to be so hard that we would have had to find an alternative to a certain extent anyhow,” Woebcken said. “The diesel crisis is forcing us simply to think about this earlier.”
As Volkswagen works to rebuild from the crisis, a broad effort is under way to reposition its U.S. brand identity, placing a greater emphasis on crossovers and all-wheel-drive offerings in the near term and electrified vehicles in the future.
New products
That will begin this fall with the arrival of the Golf Alltrack. The higher-riding Golf wagon with a more rugged appearance and awd goes on sale this fall as a competitor to vehicles such as the Subaru Outback and XV Crosstrek.
VW's long-awaited midsize crossover, assembled at VW's factory here, will hit showrooms in late March or early April, Woebcken said. A new, longer-wheelbase Tiguan compact crossover built at VW's sprawling plant in Puebla, Mexico, will arrive about three months later.
Unlike the premium pricing of its current Tiguan and Touareg crossovers, Woebcken said, the new crossover duo will be priced competitively in the mainstream compact and midsize crossover segments. Both models will be built in North America with nearly all components sourced locally, though not the powertrain, Woebcken said.
In 2020, they said, VW plans to introduce the first of multiple electric vehicles in the U.S. based on VW's new MEB modular battery-electric platform announced in late 2015. VW also is looking to deploy electrification and hybrid technologies more broadly in its lineup, Woebcken said.
The B.C. Liberal Party is getting a boost from what seems a rather unlikely group — Calgary's top political and business leaders.
B.C. Energy Minister Rich Coleman was at a $125-a-person fundraiser Thursday at the Delta Bow Valley Hotel in downtown Calgary, where supporters of B.C.'s governing party and its energy policy voiced concerns about the opposition, which has been leading in recent polls.
B.C.'s provincial election is set for May 14.
Lawyer and event organizer Andy Crooks wants to see the proposed Northern Gateway Pipeline built, and they say the prospect of a British Columbia government led by the New Democratic Party worries Calgary businesses.
"What goes through my mind is deep concern about where B.C. politics is going and the implications that that has for Albertans," Crooks said.
"The NDP positions on some of the pipeline issues, some of the tourism issues, some of the travel issues, are deeply disturbing to a lot of us," they said.
The invitation to the event called Alberta's fortunes "inextricably linked" to B.C.'s and promised attendees a chance to hear Coleman and Sport Minister Bill Bennett, Vancouver media reported.
Calgarian Cynthia Moore said she'd be very nervous about an NDP government in B.C., because it wouldn't support the proposed Northern Gateway Pipeline.
"It made a lot of sense to have this fundraiser actually," they said.
"We have property out there, and we're taxpayers, and it was kind of like, 'whoa …,' you know? We should be paying attention."
Thursday's fundraiser in Calgary comes months after some high-profile fights between Alberta and B.C. leaders over the proposed Northern Gateway Pipeline.
In October, Alberta Premier Alison Redford met with B.C. Premier Christy Clark to discuss the Northern Gateway oil pipeline project, and both women agreed the meeting was unproductive and "frosty."
Supporters at Thursday's fundraiser said they would be willing to give Clark another chance.
As Crooks said, "we're all working hard for the least of the evils."
It's early days yet in the Trump presidency, but there's a general feeling it's not going very well. Except, of course, for the work of our splendid Attorney General Jeff Sessions.
Even partisan types are generally willing to cut a new president some slack—the so-called “honeymoon.” Nope: Ten weeks in, Trump is graded F by a third of voters and their approval rating is down from a month ago.
You can discount that some for the relentless Main Stream Media hostility to the President and the high temperature of the Cold Civil War after eight years of far-Left government. That isn't all of it, though.
I'm a Trump supporter myself, and a Trump voter. I was out there on March 4th in a freezing wind demonstrating my support. And sure, government isn't easy. And yes, we should go down on our knees daily to thank whatever supernatural powers there be that Mrs. Clinton i sn't in charge of the executive branch.
Still I'm tasting disappointment. I was looking for something bolder, more vigorous. I was looking for some fighting spirit.
Why are the so-called “DREAMers“—illegal aliens—still allowed to sign up for their benefits? Why aren't they just deported?
What, we can't separate families? Fine: deport the families, too.
I was looking for a firm re-establishment of the rule of law. I'm getting … nothing much.
Speaking of the rule of law, when did it become the case that some circuit court judge could set the nation's immigration policy? Why didn't the executive just slap the guy down Andy Jackson-style, and tell government employees to follow the President's order?
What, those employees would then be arrested? By whom? Whom do you call to arrest federal law-enforcement agents?
Or, if it's very punctilious adherence to the letter of the law that's wanted, let's start arresting big-city mayors and college presidents who harbor illegal aliens, and the principals of firms who knowingly employ them.
And what about some action on legal immigration? Two congresscritters, one Democrat and one Republican, have introduced a bill that, quote from the GOP-critter “protects American workers by preventing bad actors from abusing the system in order to offshore jobs.” This is supposed to address the abuse of H-1B visas, most famously at the Disney company, more recently at the University of California—organizations replacing American IT workers with cheaper foreigners.
In fact, as NumbersUSA has pointed out, the bill does diddly to address H-1B abuse. Probably it was just dictated to the congresscritters by their donors from the cheap-labor lobby without passing through the critters' brains, assuming they have any. How about we just abolish H-1B, Mr. President. Hello? Mr. President? …
And then there are the President's new military deployments to Iraq and Afghanistan. What's up with that? Why are Iraq and Afghanistan still our business? Has Trump just been buffaloed by their generals? Is there something we didn't try during sixteen years chasing jihadis around Afghanistan, something that two hundred new guys will be able to accomplish?
Sure, I know Trump promised on the campaign trail to defeat ISIS. I assumed they meant by proxy, leaving the wet work to the Russians, Syrians, Israelis, and Iranians. I thought perhaps we might be entering a new era of cold self-interest towards foreign groups and nations that annoy or harm us: Nuke 'em, bribe 'em, or leave 'em alone.
I guess I was naive.
The fiasco over the healthcare bill didn't help. It was mainly the failure of the President's party in Congress. I'm still hoping it moved the balance of power some from Congress to the Presidency. But what's the use of that if the President won't fight?
Then on Wednesday this week I read that President Trump is addressing the plague of opioid addiction that they promised on the campaign trail to deal with. [After pledging to solve opioid crisis, Trump's strategy underwhelms, , By Dan Diamond and Sarah Karlin-Smith, Politico, March 29, 2017] So what's they going to do? Ratchet up sentences for dealers? Open new treatment centers for addicts? Put troops on the Mexican border?
No: He's appointed a commission under Open-Borders shill Chris Christie.
I guess it's fair enough to give Christie a job after they came out early for Trump. But really, Mr. President. Appoint a commission? This is lame.
We didn't vote for lame.
The hungry sheep look up and are not fed, Mr. President. Grab a shillelagh and lay about you. Chase the money-changers from the temple. Brandish your saber and charge the enemy. I'm running out of metaphors, but you get the idea.
You're a believer: take Longfellow's advice:
Act,—act in the living Present! Heart within, and God o'erhead!
So amid those doubts and worries, it was wonderful to see U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions declare on Monday that sanctuary cities are going to pay a price for defying federal law.
The Attorney General's speech was mostly hortatory, urging jurisdictions to comply with the relevant federal law, which they helpfully named by section and paragraph. They showed a glimpse of iron fist inside the velvet glove, though, asserting that Justice will claw back grants from jurisdictions that defy the law, and make future grants conditional on compliance with the law.
Sample:
The American people want and deserve a lawful system of immigration that keeps us safe, and one that serves the national interest. This expectation is reasonable, just, and our government has the duty to meet it, and we will meet it. Attorney General Jeff Sessions Delivers Remarks on Sanctuary Jurisdictions, March 27, 2017
Now that's more like it: Good plain speaking from an immigration patriot.
ORDER IT NOW
Sessions doubled down on that in an appearance on the O'Reilly show Thursday evening, hinting that the administration would deploy further measures against scofflaw jurisdictions. They didn't specify what those further measures might be, but I assume Sessions has figured that there are other monies the government might withhold—other than DOJ grants—without colliding with the doctrine of “unconstitutional conditions.”
The A-G's Monday speech threw the scofflaws into shrieking fits. Here's one of them, name of Bill Ong Hing, billed as a law professor and expert in immigration law at the University of San Francisco. Once again, just to press it home, the speaker here is a professor of law:
Sanctuary cities are saying, “We want every member of the community to trust us, and that can be only if we're not viewed as partners of ICE.” Column Here's what Atty. Gen. Sessions got wrong about the law in their attack on sanctuary cities, by Michael Hiltzik, LA TIMES, March 28, 2017
So this law professor is telling us it would be wrong for municipal authorities to be seen as partners of federal law enforcement. The person best known for making that argument was the late George Wallace, as I recall.
Professor Hing's faculty biography tells us that “Throughout their career, Professor Bill Ong Hing pursued social justice.” Well, I guess that's being up front about it, at least.
The LAT quotes another legal eagle, although this time just a lawyer, not a law professor. This is Joseph Cotchett [Email him]who is representing the city of Richmond, California in a lawsuit challenging the legality of President Trump's January 25th executive order on sanctuary cities. Said Mr. Cotchett to the LA Times:
This is all politics, aiming to divide people.
Well, yes, the executive order seeks to divide law-abiding persons from non-law-abiding persons. That's not politics, though: that's law enforcement.
Another sound bite we've been hearing after Jeff Sessions' speech is that crime in sanctuary cities is actually lower than in non-sanctuary cities. That's the conclusion in a report out of the University of California San Diego. The author of the report, Political Science Assistant Professor Tom Wong—lot of monosyllabic names in this zone, apparently—the author claims to have found that crime in sanctuary cities is actually lower than in non-sanctuary cities.
I'm not impressed with the statement as quoted. The great iron law of crime statistics is that blacks are way, way more criminal than other groups. So if sanctuary cities have fewer blacks than non-sanctuary cities, which is very likely the case, the result will follow.
Did Professor Wong allow for that? When I've finished the report, I'll tell you. But I think I know the answer already.
As Ann Coulter has pointed out tirelessly in their books and columns, the acceptable number of crimes committed by illegal aliens—or for that matter by legal ones—is zero. That they have lower crime rates than some other subgroup is not interesting. We shouldn't be importing criminals at all—much less allowing criminals to import themselves, without our permission.
So all hail Attorney General Sessions! I've cheered myself just by writing about him.
If the General won't mind me recycling an ancient joke: Sanctuary much!
John Derbyshire [email him] writes an incredible amount on all sorts of subjects for all kinds of outlets. (This no longer includes National Review, whose editors had some kind of tantrum and fired him. )  They are the author of We Are Doomed: Reclaiming Conservative Pessimism and several other books. He's had two books published by VDARE.com: FROM THE DISSIDENT RIGHT (also available in Kindle) and From the Dissident Right II: Essays 2013. Their writings are archived at JohnDerbyshire.com.
While 2016 is the year of virtual reality Samsung is already setting its sights higher for the future with a full 4D VR experience it calls Entrim.
Coming from Samsung's secret projects lab, C-Lab, the Entrim 4D unit aims to offer a virtual reality feeling of motion as well as visuals and audio. The result is a virtual feeling of movement, like flying, without actually leaving your chair.
Entrim 4D uses a combination of Galvanic Vestibular Stimulation and algorithms to send messages directly to the nerve in the ear. This allows the headset to synchronise with the body to create a sense of movement as the video content shows corresponding movements.
The headphones are equipped with the electrodes that are able to transmit the movement data. The result should be a feeling of movement to create a more immersive sense of speed and direction. Samsung says that when this is paired with its drone, the headset can utilise drone movement data and transmit that to the headset wearer, so they feel like they're flying too.
The result of all this should be a 4D movement VR experience that doesn't need the motion chairs currently used to create a feeling of movement.
Before you start worrying about virtual reality already making you motion sick, this is being created specifically to tackle that issue.
The Entrim is still in developmental stages but expect this tech to appear in the future of virtual reality experiences.
READ: Samsung Gear VR Consumer Edition review
Band of Horses members Tyler Ramsey and Bill Reynolds, who play guitar and bass respectively, have left the group. Each announced their departure separately, via social media. “We certainly had some good times and I'm sure I will miss the beautifully dysfunctional family we became,” Ramsey wrote on Instagram. The guitarist, who joined Band of Horses in 2007 after being invited to open for them, added that he'd be touring a new solo record this fall. Reynolds said he'd be “producing records, doing photography, and who knows, maybe [he'll] go on the road again someday.” See their posts below. Pitchfork has reached out to Band of Horses' representatives for comment.
This year, Band of Horses lead singer Ben Bridwell released an album with supergroup BNQT. Band of Horses' record Why Are You OK came out last year. They are scheduled to remain on tour through September.
In Damascus, rumors circulated that the epidemic stemmed from a virus introduced by Israel or another enemy of the Assad regime. But physicians who treated the soldiers were quoted as saying that the diarrhea was the result of food and water contamination linked to a heat wave that struck Syria.
Nida quoted soldiers as saying that their rations were inadequate for the brutal summer training. One recruit said breakfast for eight soldiers consisted of eight olives, four loaves of bread and 200 grams of jam.
An opposition leader, however, did not rule out that the epidemic was the work of a hostile intelligence agency. Farid Ghadry, president of the Reform Party of Syria, said Syria's enemies have multiplied since 2003.
"Any country could have been involved, including European countries who have paid a dear price politically for engaging with Assad with no results to show for," Ghadry said.
"The military hospitals have been receiving hundreds of cases of soldiers being treated for food poisoning," an opposition source said.
The opposition Web site Nida Syria reported that new recruits were the hardest hit by the spread of diarrhea and related digestive disorders. Nida quoted soldiers as saying that the epidemic stemmed from the harsh conditions in training, including a shortage of food and water.
After our piece on possible alternatives to the union jack in the event of Scottish independence, many readers decided to design their own.
The previous Magazine article showcased designs that flag experts and enthusiasts, known as vexillologists, came up with. Here are 25 readers' designs in response.
We were deluged by flags which kept the shapes in the current union jack but changed the colours. Some readers gave a political commentary on the difficult nature of a union.
Kaveh Ossia's flag (at the top) was a nod to multiculturalism. "The different colours indicate the many possibilities and beauties this country has to offer, multi-culturality and diversity in the country," Ossia says.
John White on the other hand preferred a visual representation of the potentially painful process of separation. "Lets just be honest," they say.
Dave Parker, of Cheltenham, was interested in the idea of a flag that would be the easiest to introduce. "The simplest change would be to swap the blue for green. Easy to update existing computer imagery and the green would act as inclusion of the Welsh flag - it doesn't need to be literal. This took 10 seconds in Photoshop."
Michael Elliot, from Edinburgh, went for a completely new pattern and something that recognised Cornwall as a nation."My design for a new post-independent Scotland union flag is made up of quarters of the flags of (in clockwise order from top left) England, St David (for Wales), Ulster and Cornwall. Each has an equal share of the flag, reflecting that each constituent nation are equal partners in the Union."
Matthew Welch, from Shropshire, designed their flag on the day the SNP gained power in Scotland. "As I'm sure you can see it includes the three remaining segments of the United Kingdom and recognises the the Royal family which binds us together by placing the three lions of the royal household in the top right corner."
Unlike many submitters, Karel Horinek had no truck with taking the blue out of the flag. "My design is commenting on the change. I changed only one corner because psychologically you have to keep traditions.
BBC house style on union jack, lower case, is the term we use for the UK flag formed by combining the crosses of St George, St Andrew and St Patrick. (The proper term, "union flag", carries potential for confusion - especially in the context of EU stories). However, where there are local political sensitivities, as in Northern Ireland, union flag is acceptable. BBC news style guide
"People accept small changes, but not radical ones. The left upper corner symbolises giving space for change. The right corner symbolises urgency.
"To have change in the middle of a flag symbolises power and arrogance. The colours have to stay the same!
"People are used to the old flag and the colours are symbolical for the country."
Some would-be flag designers wanted more emphasis on royal symbolism. "Keeping it short and simple," says Adrian.
Elmar Janahmadov favoured the return of some very old themes. "After Scotland declares its independence the Union Jack should not be used at all and the Anglo-Saxon flag should be restored to its previous glory. The dragon used to be the symbol of the Anglo-Saxon kingdom of Wessex, which covered most of England and part of Wales at its peak. It is also the present symbol of Wales. The colour red is common for all three historical parts England, Wales and Northern Ireland."
James Knight was one of many readers to pick up the theme of using the yellow and black flag of St David rather than the Welsh national flag. "My interpretation of a revised union flag incorporates the St David's flag of Wales, St George's flag of England and St Patrick's flag of Ireland."
"This re-design of the union jack was done by my son, Rhys Clarke, some years ago - when they were only about 13, in fact. Obviously, I'm biased but I think it has an elegance and succinctness that a lot of the other proposed designs lack," says Graham Clarke.
Kieron Lintott, on the other hand, went for detail. "The green represents the three countries in the UK (not including Scotland as it might get independence). There are the four parts of the British Royal Family coat of arms - the royal family has Scottish roots so the coat of arms wouldn't change whether Scotland is independent or not. Then there's Wales, the Isle of Man, Isle of Wight and the Scilly Isles (off Penzance). It also incorporates Northern Ireland (diagonal cross and harp) and England's cross is included (as well as the red and gold/yellow lions). It may look basic but it's inspired by the current union jack, coat of arms and other flags of the UK."
Alex Leithes submitted two designs. They say they are both "pretty simple".
Lots of readers left no explanation and let the flags speak for themselves.
Other contributors were bedevilled by their limitations in draughtsmanship.
"My union flag concept is a black background, the St David's Cross for Wales, the crossed red lines of St George. A circle in the middle of the flag split into thirds displaying the two crosses and the dragon flag of Wales. Could also be the royal emblems but I couldn't draw them," says Michael Holmes.
Others preferred a more humorous approach to composition.
"I think that the attached flag captures the essence of the modern UK," says Haydn Iuchi-Sutton, of Suffolk
"The solution is simple," says Al Main of their post-Scottish independence flag.
"A new union jack, to encompass all Brits," says Kieron George of a flag that embraces a number of Commonwealth countries and also draws inspiration from the US and EU flags.
Darren Moss's flag contained a visual joke that most laypeople would struggle to decipher at first glance. "Inspired by the general trend of devolution," they say.
Kris Taylor, aged 32 ½, appears to have been inspired by the spirit of Jackson Pollock in their composition entitled My New Flag.
The union jack has been the inspiration for a multitude of artistic interpretations. "This was painted by my partner, Chelsea Davine," says Adam Smart.
You can follow the Magazine on Twitter and on Facebook
Police may force pro-life protesters outside abortion facilities in Portland, Maine to be quiet under a state noise ordinance, a federal appeals court ruled Tuesday.
In the past few years, pro-life advocates and local officials have been involved in a number of legal battles about the pro-lifers' outreach to women outside the Planned Parenthood in Portland. In 2016, a judge ruled that the city could not enforce the noise ordinance against Andrew March, pastor of Cell 53 Church, who regularly protests outside the abortion facility with members of their church.
However, the 1st Circuit Court of Appeals overturned that ruling this week, Bangor Daily News reports.
The three-judge panel ruled that the noise ordinance is constitutional and can be enforced because it is non-discriminatory.
“The noise provision was the product of a careful legislative process,” Judge David Barron wrote. “That process sought to forge a consensus among many competing interests in order to address what all parties to this dispute agree is a serious concern regarding the health and safety of those seeking health services.”
SUPPORT PRO-LIFE NEWS! Please help LifeNews.com with a donation
The case began when March said Portland police violated their right to free speech by telling them to quiet their voice because it could be heard inside the abortion clinic. The ordinance in question is the Maine Civil Rights Act, which makes it a violation to intentionally make noise that can be heard within a medical treatment facility.
The case is part of a larger situation involving pro-abortion state Attorney General Janet Mills and another pro-life advocate from March's church, Brian Ingalls. Mills filed a lawsuit against Ingalls in November, alleging that they also violated the rights and safety of patients in the second story of the abortion facility where their voice was heard, LifeNews previously reported.
According to the Thomas More Law Center, a pro-life legal firm representing Ingalls and March, the attorney general's legal actions are based solely on Planned Parenthood's complaint to the Portland Police Department. The legal firm said the state attorney general is clearly biased in their actions, seizing an opportunity to silence the pro-life message.
March's case was a counter-lawsuit to Mills', according to the local newspaper. Kate Oliveri, who represents the pro-lifers, argued that they were being silenced specifically because of their pro-life position.
On Tuesday, Oliveri told the local newspaper that they could not comment because they had not read the appeals court's decision yet.
“But even if the law is constitutional, the way it is enforced may not be, they said,” according to the report. “Oliveri still could file motions for reconsideration or seek a full panel review, which would delay enforcement of the noise provision.”
State Assistant Attorney General Leanne Robbin, who was involved in the case, said they were pleased by the appeals court's decision.
“Protest are fine but once patients have run the gauntlet outside the clinic, once the door to the exam room or the consultation room is shut, that should be a sanctuary,” Robbin said. “People shouldn't be barraged with screaming while obtaining medical care.”
Abortion is not medical care, though. It is killing a human being's life, and that is what March, Ingalls and the other pro-life advocates hope to share with women on the sidewalks in Portland before it is too late.
The city and state have been trying to censor pro-lifers in a number of ways. In 2013, the Portland City Council enacted a 39-foot “buffer zone” around abortion clinics at the urging of Planned Parenthood, LifeNews previously reported.
A judge struck down the ordinance after pro-life advocates sued. An agreement reached in 2016 in U.S. District Court required the city to pay $56,500 in legal fees to pro-lifers, according to the Bangor Daily News.
The College Board Official Study Guide for the SAT (2nd Edition)
Specifix Prep Comprehensive Skills Assessment
This SAT Study Guide is the culmination of an obsessive study of the SAT –. This study involved the analysis of thousands of real SAT questions to identify every single concept, technique, and strategy you need to excel on the SAT.Specifix Prep used this information to create a two-part(available separately) that determines your exact areas of weakness and creates a personalized syllabus for you based on your performance.When used with the, you will receive a completely personalized study plan and access to online video lessons and exercises designed to enhance your understanding of the material.The result is a program that is better and more efficient than studying on your own. You also receive the customized instruction that you can typically only get with an expensive private tutor.This manual contains over 125 individual modular lessons that cover everything a student will need to know and do on the Math, Reading, and new Writing section of the SAT.You will receive targeted content designed to address your weaknesses and improve your score.We find your specific issues and fix them. Specifix.
I don't like time travel. Excusing the excuse that it's a big ball of wibbly-wobbly timey-wimey stuff, most Hollywood time travel consists of altering linear timelines to forestall mistakes, death, and apocalyptic disaster. At its best, it comes across as the screenwriting equivalent of a neat parlor trick, at its worst it's sloppy, plot-hole-filled writing that has to use sci-fi mumbo-jumbo to cover its own tracks. But the latest time-jumping saga to hit the silver screen — X-Men: Days of Future Past — made pretty good on its promises with one major wrinkle; the film itself is an alternative timeline to what happened in the comics, for a not-so-mysterious reason. That reason is Ms. Shadowcat herself, Kitty Pryde, who, instead of being the time-traveling agent of change, acts as the supercharged battery that sends Wolverine back.
Though we'll get into the details below, a canon shift of this magnitude in book-to-film adaptation would normally inspire internet outrage, essays about the changes, and hot debate between fans. Instead, it seems that only a corner of the fan world—the one directly concerned with issues of female representation—has spoken up in opposition. Considering the canonical fanaticism that followed the introduction of a female character to The Hobbit films, you might think it strange to see such a dearth of dissent. Unless what we're really looking at is the same thing in reverse, another classic case of – everyone says it with me now — Hollywood sexism.
To solve this mystery to our satisfaction, let's do a touch of time traveling ourselves; to 1981, when the original Days of Future Past was published in the Uncanny X-Men series. Desperate to avert the dystopian future of 2013 where every last mutant was either placed in an internment camp or outright murdered, Kate, née Kitty, Pryde transferred their consciousness into their younger, 1983 self. There, they rallied the old X-Men to prevent the assassination of Senator Robert Kelly, an act that had led to mass anti-mutant hysteria. This arc is one of the most famous in X-Men history, and helped established the popularity of the series under writer Chris Claremont. Seems like a plum story for convergence to film, so why the character switch?
Before spinning off into conspiracy theory, we should address some of the more reasonable explanations for this change. Perhaps unsurprisingly, a lot of them have to do with money and logistics. Kitty, thus far, had not been established as a main character in the X-franchise. In fact, their only other major appearance, where they were also portrayed by Ellen Page, was in the X-film we've all dedicated energy to pretending never happened. To that end, Ms. Page's increased stardom in the interim means they would potentially be less available to take on a major role. Then there's the sheer fact of Wolverine's popularity as a character and fan expectation that the movie will center around them as a major player: these films have not been so much about the X-Men, after all, as they have been about Wolverine. Finally, there's the funk caused by the timeline being between the not-so-distant-future from 2014, where Kitty is still a young woman, and the 1970s, when they aren't born yet.
Sounds about right. But I'm still calling a foul. Kitty's lack of popularity is not a fault of their character, but a fault of the writers, who have focused their energies again and again on the walking trope of a tough guy that is our dear Logan. Falling back on Wolverine yet again is a mixture of kowtowing to audience familiarity and plain old writing laziness touched with sexism. Screenwriters are told to do the same thing, but different, and not to stray too far from the path, lest audiences get left behind, leaving their cash behind, too. It's not that they couldn't take the time to introduce a new main character; it's that they didn't want to, especially if it's a woman, one they speculate will lose them ticketbuyers on that critical opening weekend.
Finally, there's that timeline issue, one that wouldn't be a problem if producers weren't trying to link the two franchise casts together. I complain about sci-fi mumbo-jumbo, but it, of course, has its own advantages, namely that you can do pretty much whatever you want in a story, so long as there's a reasonably plausible explanation attached with some fancy science-sounding phrases. Who's to say that a traveler has to inhabit their younger body? In a similar vein, why does it have to strain the mind to the point of breaking, meaning that only a mutant who can self-heal, as Wolverine can, is capable of making the trip? These are not concrete facts, but changeable pieces of fiction, written in so that we don't question why a woman is being virtually written out.
Kitty's displacement is symptomatic of the lack of female representation in action films. There is very literally no reason why, with a bit of finagling, they could not have been the one to convince a younger Professor X of the terrible, imminent future. Wolverine does nothing physically that Kitty themselves could not have found a way out of, or wouldn't even have had to deal with given different writing. Who else would have loved to have seen Kitty, as a future student of Xavier's, restore their hope in all the good they will one day accomplish? But in Bryan Singer's estimation of the X-Men, characters are defined by their powers, and, consequentially how powerful they are in the physical realm, not who they are emotionally. Wolverine's ill-suited manner for the task is played for laughs, when a character sincerely able to address the matter may have been just as, if not more, effective.
Absence of protest in the face of a woman's part being diminished is, sadly, no surprise. But there's also been no outcry at Kitty's absence from the meat of the action because no one misses a character they hardly know. This didn't have to be the case. Make us care about her, and they could have been the central focus of the film, with all the action necessary to carry it off as a summer blockbuster. The idea that audiences couldn't have related to them is an excuse among many that prevents characters like them from being able to take the reins. That's all they are, though; excuses based on fear. The fear of losing money, the fear that a film won't be successful if a woman is the main character, the one with, in this case, the most agency. However, again and again at the box office, we see that women can not only carry films, but can do so to great effect. Just think of X2, a blockbuster mega hit where Jean Grey and Storm had more screen time than even Mystique, the most featured woman in the film, does here. There's so much more to the X-Men than Wolverine and background characters with flashy powers and few lines. For a socially conscious cluster of heroes, letting women take the main lead is one battle they've yet to fight.
Zoe Chevat is a writer, animator, and illustrator who attended the CalArts MFA Program in Film and Animation. In addition to writing for The Mary Sue, they also contribute to Bitch Magazine Online. They come from New Jersey and lives in Los Angeles, and, after many years, still finds that second part incredibly strange. Follow them on Twitter @zchevat, or on Tumblr at http://justchevat.tumblr.com
Support for AI
You can't deny that machines are getting smarter. And as they do, it's inevitable that humans will turn to AI and robots to get jobs done faster and more efficiently.
To that end, governments have a responsibility to make sure that they are able to manage these changes in a way that creates more opportunity and maintains job security for human employees. The challenge for governments, then, is to establish public support for programs that will harness the benefits of artificial intelligence.
When asked “What is your stance on AI research given Canada's privileged position in the field?” on Quora, Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau explained how their budget proposal is investing $125 million to launch a Pan-Canadian Artificial Intelligence Strategy for research and talent.
“The Strategy will promote collaboration between Canada's main centres of expertise in Montréal, Toronto-Waterloo and Edmonton and position Canada as a world-leading destination for companies seeking to invest in artificial intelligence and innovation. A leader in the area of artificial intelligence, the Canadian Institute for Advanced Research will be responsible for administering the funding for the new Strategy,” the Prime Minister said.
Ah, draft season. It's the time when Cowboys owner Jerry Jones can wonder aloud one minute about how drafting a quarterback this year could be "problematic," and the next mention that he's heading out to watch Cal quarterback Jared Goff's workout this weekend. Goff is projected as one of the top picks and could be gone even before the Cowboys pick at No. 4.
Two weeks ahead of the draft, Jones shared their thoughts Thursday on a number of issues before the Nancy Lieberman Charities Dream Ball at the Dallas Omni.
On possibly taking a quarterback in the draft: "I don't know. I don't know. I can give you a real scenario where it can be real problematic if we do what we want to do and that's have [Tony] Romo play fairly injury free and uninterrupted for the next three, four, five years. Let's just go three, four five. If they play uninterrupted then you've got a problem if you've picked quarterback this year because you don't know what you got really at a time when they may be entering the markets. There's an example of that this year and so that's one of the things you weigh if you're in our shoes about whether to get interested in a quarterback this early in Romo's career. It can be distorted by the fact that they have had some injury two of the last three years but it's something that I don't have the answer to right now. I'm really hoping that really just the dynamics of the draft and the dynamics of the opportunity will help make this decision."
On going to see Goff: "We're doing a quarterback workout this weekend so we're going to be very hard at it here. ...He operates in a pretty place. I like to have that excuse to go out there. No seriously, we are going to do a workout this weekend. It'll be Goff. Out there before their spring game."
On the Rams moving up for the No. 1 pick: "I was surprised but knowing the organization I'm not surprised. They're really showing their colors, step out there and go to Los Angeles and then when you look at how they're setting their sails and it doesn't surprise me at all with what they're looking for in the future. It goes to show you certainly need to be thinking about your moves way in advance of the draft if you're going to go this early. I applaud 'em. It sounds like they got they wanted. Then you've got to look at Tennessee and see all those draft picks. I didn't know Herschel Walker was still around."
How does it affect the Cowboys?: "I don't want to make any assumptions, but yeah, it does impact because that kind of movement up ahead of you in a lot of different ways it took a lot of the consideration out of the marketplace. If you think draft picks are consideration than it is. It certainly made a difference below that No. 1 pick as to what might be available trading or in terms of making a decision with a player. It took two commodities out. It took picks, it took a player."
Could the Cowboys consider picking another lineman (if Ole Miss' Laremy Tunsil is now available): "It doesn't look logical. But sometimes it can become just so obvious as to the value that I wouldn't rule out anything relative to an offensive lineman. But that's probably where we're strongest right now and that doesn't look like the best use of a draft pick at any high level but sometimes that is just overshadowed."
Scholarism convenor and activist Joshua Wong has filed a judicial review to challenge the lower age limit required for election candidates. Though the current lower limit is 21 years old, the student activist – who turns 19 on Tuesday – may run for the legislative elections next year should they win the case.
“The current Elections Ordinance blocks young people between the age of 18 to 20 from having equal rights in voting and being elected, which are listed under the Bill of Rights Ordinance and the Basic Law,” Wong wrote in a statement. “Therefore, I want to challenge the current system through judicial review, to urge more young people to fully participate in politics, to turn the tide on societal suppression and to widen the space for political participation for young people.”
Wong said that Hong Kong's political scene was not healthy in that the average age of lawmakers is as high as 57. They added that, in many parts of the world, 18-year-olds can run in all kinds of elections, including China's National People's Congress.
‘Revolutionise the legislature'
Wong called pan-democratic lawmakers “collaborators” and said they are “faking” opposition and protesting ceremonially in an undemocratic legislature.
“Even if a representative democracy cannot completely solve the social problems we face, young people should not walk away and just stay on the streets.” Wong said that young people need to “revolutionise the legislature… to carry out more progressive parliamentary resistance, to fight for change inside the system.”
Before submitting the papers to court, Wong said that they would consider running for LegCo next year if they win the judicial review.
“It is easy to be an opinion leader outside the system to protect your name,” they said, “We have to bring the issues that people care about into the political scene to make it mainstream.”
Currently, there are several requirements for a candidate to be able to run for a LegCo seat, including being 21 years old or above and registered to vote. Candidates must be ordinarily resided in Hong Kong for the three years immediately preceding the date of nomination, not have been convicted in the last five years of any offence sentenced to imprisonment for three months or more, and must be a Chinese citizen who is a permanent resident of Hong Kong with no right of abode in any country other than the People's Republic of China.
RWBY: Combat Ready is an exciting cooperative game for 2-4 players. It captures the flavor and excitement of the series, with fast-paced battles where all players are actively involved and engaged at the same time.
Players play as one of the four main heros in the series: Ruby, Weiss, Blake, or Yang. Each player has their own separate deck of cards representing their attacks, actions, and moves. Each character plays a little differently, using their own unique tactics and strategies.
Before each game, players choose a scenario to play from the scenario book. Each scenario will have them fighting one or more battles. Battles are against a particular villain, with a particular set of rules, and may include one or more objectives. No two battles are ever the same!
Battles are fought in a series of duels. During each duel, one player is on center stage fighting the villain, with the camera action focused on the player. The center stage player chooses and plays an attack from their hand. Afterward, the villain's card is revealed and the round is resolved. Each attack has a speed in its upper left corner. The two attacks' speed values are compared, with the faster attack hitting and inflicting its damage on the opposing character. If the speeds are tied, the round ends in a draw.
The back of the villains' cards shows the villain in a particular combat stance. Each stance gives a hint as to what kind of attack the villain may perform next, as well as its relative speed. Stances come in three types: aggressive, balanced, and subtle. The stance of the villain's next attack card is exposed at all times, allowing the players to plan in advance.
When a player wins a round of combat, they gain experience and build Battle Fury. Their Battle Fury increases by one point per point of damage dealt. Once enough Fury accumulates, it can give players a passive bonus to their combat speed, and they may even channel their Fury to attempt a spectacular ultimate attack! When a player is hit, they lose their Battle Fury, so it is important to play cards very carefully and work with your teammates to try to win every single round of a duel.
Players record their key stats on their Scrolls (player tracking boards), including their Aura (health), Experience, Battle Fury, and their Semblance (unique special ability).
During the duel, the center stage player directs the pace and flow of battle, but the other players have important roles to play as well! Sideline players can assist the center stage player, performing powerful combos or aiding them with bonuses. Alternatively, players not on center stage can tackle some of the scenario objectives (like fighting minions or diffusing a bomb).
Some objectives include minions, such as the Grimm, which accumulate during the battle, escalating the tension. Players must fend off these dangerous threats before becoming overwhelmed.
You must be registered to post comments. Login or Register
bandolero999 writes:
on April 20th, 2012 at 5:30:59 AM
Someone's c*nt must be bleeding.
jesustheboy writes:
on April 20th, 2012 at 5:33:13 AM
The more of Mr Gibsons rants I hear, the more I like him.
bandolero999 writes:
on April 20th, 2012 at 5:38:03 AM
someone needs to beat their ass every time they throw a f*cking tantrum.then we'll see who's the big boy now.facking alcoholic.
pornfly writes:
on April 20th, 2012 at 5:41:50 AM
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RXHTYMbIbHs&feature=youtube_gdata_player
Give this guy a reality show
rockkillers writes:
on April 20th, 2012 at 5:52:51 AM
Mad Mel up to their old tricks again!
j-man writes:
on April 20th, 2012 at 6:04:13 AM
Obviously what they said at the oress conference was a joke....even dim witted f*ckin journalists should get that!!
They were pissed off, went a bit angry, f*ck elzerthas, hebhad a job to do (write the script) and they didnt do it in the time they were gven
lppinto writes:
on April 20th, 2012 at 6:38:51 AM
Just wait a little bit, shout some unperceptible crap in my bathroom, add some noise to the the recording and release tape 2 and tape 3 of Mel Gibson rants... these tapes remind me of those crappy and blurred UFO videos, i don't know why!
lppinto writes:
on April 20th, 2012 at 6:39:25 AM
^^ I'll shout (edit button)
Cinemaisdead writes:
on April 20th, 2012 at 6:48:06 AM
I DON'T KNOW WHAT WE'RE YELLING ABOUUTTTT!!!!
Cinemaisdead writes:
on April 20th, 2012 at 6:48:21 AM
LOOOOOOUUUDDDD NOOOOOIIISSEEESSS!!
Cinemaisdead writes:
on April 20th, 2012 at 6:49:21 AM
My favourite part: "WHO WANTS TO EAT?! WHO THE f*ck WANTS TO EAT?!"
Now you're talking Mel. The milky bars are on me.
Cinemaisdead writes:
on April 20th, 2012 at 6:51:54 AM
LOOL the nokia ring tone in the background... "HELLOOOO!! WHAT... I'M HAVING A RANTTT!! YEAH I'M AT HOME..... FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCCCCCCKKKK!!"
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dNL3YtdcR_E
JakeVermont writes:
on April 20th, 2012 at 7:12:48 AM
this is hilarious :D I'm all up for a reality show^^ MTV will be calling soon, Mel. you better answer it!!!
"I gotta work, you're getting paid! I'm not!!..... yet!!!"
made my day....
Bullit writes:
on April 20th, 2012 at 7:44:50 AM
"Gibson believes they have a "basic human right" not to be secretly recorded in their own home and is planning to sue Eszterhas."
No sh*t, who doesn't have that right? It's your own bloody house! Would you be happy that someone is recording you in your own home? That sac of sh*t didn't do their job and that's the best they could do? f*ck. Him!
As for converting the Jews to Chrisitanity, how can you transmit a message of conversion when Christianity didn't exist at the time of the Maccabees??? That is so f*cking stupid to say that! Only the Christians can be converted to any other religion but not the other way around!
At the end of the day, crazy Mel doesn't give a flying f*ck about it as they still have a cool $300 Mil in the bank plus their own island in the Fidji's! So, I'd still be laughing and sue the ass of that f*cker just for fun!
beepboop writes:
on April 20th, 2012 at 7:52:17 AM
yeah sue him. while that tape is funny and gibson has serious problems, I don't get why the dude was recording them in gibson's own home/releasing the tapes.
they don't believe they have a right to not be secretly recorded in their own hom. they have that right. how autistic do you have to be to put a "believe" in that sentence?
trailertrash writes:
on April 20th, 2012 at 8:34:25 AM
Mel's Angry ...
Eszterhas is a bitter c*nt ....
trailertrash writes:
on April 20th, 2012 at 8:36:39 AM
heard screaming about lack of progress with "The Maccabees" script
Eszterhas is just confused on what Mel meant by script !!
japaninmotion writes:
on April 20th, 2012 at 8:45:01 AM
Gibson believes they have a "basic human right" not to be secretly recorded in their own home and is planning to sue Eszterhas.
thats true
Jakey Nightmare writes:
on April 20th, 2012 at 8:51:56 AM
still not as cool as sheen B)
BadChadB33 writes:
on April 20th, 2012 at 9:10:30 AM
Mel's losing their touch though. The other rants were way more fun and graphic.
trailertrash writes:
on April 20th, 2012 at 9:16:52 AM
This was just a warm up mate ....
trailertrash writes:
on April 20th, 2012 at 9:30:55 AM
John Lennon deserved to be shot ...
I think Mel meant Yoko
Bullit writes:
on April 20th, 2012 at 9:46:52 AM
^ ^ Lol, I think so too mate.
Dre-EL writes:
on April 20th, 2012 at 10:04:32 AM
I could barely hear anything, execept FUUUUCK!. If you hadnt told me it was gibson I never would have guessed.
Still they sound incoherent. Was they drunk?
rocketman writes:
on April 20th, 2012 at 10:51:56 AM
He's just playing Call of Duty.
rocketman writes:
on April 20th, 2012 at 10:56:02 AM
It's even better if you imagine them in a nowt but a pair of piss stained Y-fronts and a string vest clutching a bottle of Scotch (his 3rd)
minkowski writes:
on April 20th, 2012 at 11:06:44 AM
"Gibson believes they have a "basic human right" not to be secretly recorded in their own home and is planning to sue Eszterhas."
If so, they have a case, because Cali is a two-party recording state, which means, in the case of telephone recordings, both parties have to agree to the act of recording, so I would suspect then that Eszterhas recording Mel in their own home, without consent, and then releasing the tape publicly, would be a clear case of libel, which applies to both type and broadcast.
I also think Eszterhas knew this at the time, and didn't give a sh*t. They let their need for revenge trump their common sense and said f*ck it to the legalities and resulting penalties.
Check out the definition of libel below and you'll see it clearly applies to Eszterhas' actions
http://dictionary.law.com/Default.aspx?selected=1153
rocketman writes:
on April 20th, 2012 at 11:39:40 AM
Horse has bolted now,Gibbo might sue but everyone knows hes still a crazy f*cker.
What they need to do is move out of the US,back to OZ or even Britain,he would go down a treat here.
I might even buy the Sun if they did.
SACdaddy writes:
on April 20th, 2012 at 11:45:06 AM
Just more evidence that Mel Gibson is possessed. I mean listen to this sh*t, it sounds like the trailer to one of those found footage exorcism movie. We never heard anything bad about Mel before they made that torture porn film about Jesus Christ, but since then this drunken sadistic raving religious nut has emerged. The Danny Gloverloving edgy prankster we use to love is nowhere to be found and probably isn't coming back until someone hits them with holy water and gives them the
SACdaddy writes:
on April 20th, 2012 at 11:45:07 AM
Just more evidence that Mel Gibson is possessed. I mean listen to this sh*t, it sounds like the trailer to one of those found footage exorcism movie. We never heard anything bad about Mel before they made that torture porn film about Jesus Christ, but since then this drunken sadistic raving religious nut has emerged. The Danny Gloverloving edgy prankster we use to love is nowhere to be found and probably isn't coming back until someone hits them with holy water and gives them the
SACdaddy writes:
on April 20th, 2012 at 11:47:20 AM
...POWER OF CHRIST COMPELS YOU speech
rocketman writes:
on April 20th, 2012 at 12:01:22 PM
He'd just puke pea soup over the priest.
BadChadB33 writes:
on April 20th, 2012 at 12:05:18 PM
TT- Can't wait for the main opera then.
Mr. Blonde writes:
on April 20th, 2012 at 12:45:57 PM
I wonder what Mel was serving. A cold dish of FUUUCCCKKKKKKK!!!
WV-Films writes:
on April 20th, 2012 at 1:52:28 PM
Their racism is so pure. You can't help but marvel at it; like a beautiful sunset or a rainbow.
Man in Black writes:
on April 20th, 2012 at 2:07:49 PM
"Funny you don't look Jewish "... Mel come on being Jewish is a faith ( Hebrew ) you can't look a faith . How does one look like a belief system . Mel remove head from 3rd point of contact . Also please do explain a god given right ? This ought to be good .IE : Just like the NRA says we have a god given right to firearms ... really when was the babble (sp) wrote , and when was gun powder invented and then the first crude firearm invented ? Goddamn Mel sounds like you have been dabbling in the tiger blood again.
vaodsi writes:
on April 20th, 2012 at 3:02:43 PM
"Jewish is a faith (hebrew)"
No, Judaism is a faith. You can be Jewish and not practice Judaism.
For instance I have a jew fro, and when a girl says they like my curly locks I say I use Jew. I say this NOT because I practice judaism, but because I have Jewish heritage. Though truth be told I'm mostly Scottish.
vincere01 writes:
on April 20th, 2012 at 3:24:11 PM
Nothing in that tape sounded all that bad. Granted u couldnt make out much they just sounded drunk and angry. Ex wives kinda have that effect. Some wives too lol. But i think this was just a case of some jewish writer having writers block and mel not putting up with it. So the writer decides to secretly tape them hoping to get some juicy lines. Think about it. If a tape with all those highly publicised lines exsisted they would have released that not this joke of a tape. Desperate f*cker
lebowski writes:
on April 20th, 2012 at 4:46:09 PM
i dont give a f*ck ,i just dont give a f*ck about mels rants they have always been my favourite actor and that will never change,let the man work hollywood ,let them make movies that are not reboots or remakes let them do their viking movie,
Quidd writes:
on April 20th, 2012 at 4:50:15 PM
I guess video recording mel is how some people try to get famous now a days. Im with Mel, if I had a wife that divorced me just to take half my sh*t and ruin my reputation while she's at it, Id probably wanna slice their throat and make my d*ck come OUT of them mouth.
James Blond writes:
on April 20th, 2012 at 6:19:46 PM
those are the first steps getting insane.. however... if they continue like this they get's the second Anders Behring Breivik and starts killing jews....:)
minkowski writes:
on April 20th, 2012 at 6:34:38 PM
Mein Kampf!
James Blond writes:
on April 20th, 2012 at 9:27:57 PM
Mel "Hans Landa" Gibson the jew hunter loool
OneTime writes:
on April 20th, 2012 at 9:34:43 PM
lol
rocketman writes:
on April 21st, 2012 at 12:13:26 AM
Someboduy needs to tell them that 'Baby Jesus' was a Jew.
minkowski writes:
on April 21st, 2012 at 1:23:41 PM
Ich bin ein berliner!
mustardayonnaise writes:
on April 21st, 2012 at 4:21:43 PM
Mr. Jelly Donut (tip the hat to you, Mink ;) is 100% right about this being libel. Gibson might be an insane anti-semite, but Esterhas is a washed-up piece of sh*t with nothing but personal vendettas to generate revenue for him... I would be willing to wager that Mel had every right to get pissed off at Esterhas's lack of writing progress.
James Blond writes:
on April 21st, 2012 at 7:19:47 PM
Where is Chris Crocker??
he/she should make a video: Leave Mel Gibson alone!! *buhuhuuu*
Max Rockatansky Junior writes:
on April 21st, 2012 at 7:42:05 PM
Gibson is so pre-anti Semite ....
Max Rockatansky Junior writes:
on April 21st, 2012 at 7:43:07 PM
Gibson just needs to cremate Jews so they can get a footnote in history, like their hero ... Adolph Hitler
Max Rockatansky Junior writes:
on April 21st, 2012 at 7:52:40 PM
Mel really has become Mad Max ... or in their case, Mad, Mad, Mad Mel ....
James Blond writes:
on April 22nd, 2012 at 3:47:43 AM
I am very curious about the critics about their new movie: Get the Gringo!
the trailer looks pretty good
swoooop writes:
on April 22nd, 2012 at 1:33:55 PM
Why don't you draw on a mustard and put on your nazi uniform right away? Dig yourself a hole inn the Arctics, and wait for the nazi bastards to return Mel.
(if all this is true of corse. If not, Im sorry for my response.
I wonder what the jews, or a jew have done to Gibson. The hate have to come from some place.
bane writes:
on April 22nd, 2012 at 3:58:15 PM
pornfly
instead of BEING JOHN MALKOVICH
being mel gibson
lol lol
It's not every day that catching up on scientific literature causes you to almost do a spit-take on your laptop screen. This happened to me recently due to the weird and wild world of aquaculture. Aquaculture is the practice of growing aquatic animals such as fish and shellfish for the purpose of food, and has been held up as both a savior and destroyer of the marine ecosystem. To get an idea of what this generally looks like (at least here in the U.S.), Amy has a whole series of posts on aquaculture operations in North Carolina.
As with land-based farming, aquaculturists are motivated to find ways to increase the food value of their stock. The methods used are varied, from high-protein feed mixes to genetic manipulation. Recently, farmed salmon genetically-modified to grow larger and faster than their wild conspecifics have been approved for human consumption by the FDA, though not without debate. This human-made subspecies was created by modifying the already-existing DNA of the fish, but what if it turned out that simply injecting DNA from a different species could improve the growth and protein output of farmed fish? And what if that foreign DNA came from sharks?
This is exactly what a researcher in the Middle East are trying out. In two separate papers published this year, El-Zaaeem (2012) and El-Zaaeem et al. (2012) (try to keep those two straight), describe the use of DNA extracted from the mighty spiny dogfish shark and injected into the muscle tissue of two popular aquaculture species to improve size, growth, and feeding efficiency in those fish. The goal is to make a higher-quality and hopefully better-selling product. According to these papers, it seems to have worked. Perhaps frighteningly well.
El-Zaaeem (2012) compared grey mullet injected with either dogfish DNA or DNA from African catfish with those simply raised using normal methods. Both types of DNA-injected mullet showed improved feed-to-protein efficiency, and shark DNA blew the catfish DNA out of the water in terms of improvement in growth and body composition.
For their next trick, El-Zaaeem et al. (2012) injected shark DNA into red tilapia and compared six dietary treatments between the injected and non-injected fish. Across all feeding trials, tilapia carrying shark DNA outperformed the standard fish in feeding efficiency, growth, and condition factors.
In both cases the shark DNA was centrifuged out of samples of spiny dogfish liver, and injected into fingerlings. This means the fish were already well-developed when they were injected, as opposed to in the egg or larval stages where genetic modification typically happens. It's the aquaculture equivalent of the bull shark testosterone meme, except it apparently works.
My reaction to these papers was probably the same you're having right now. Is this for real? Is it really as simple as just injecting shark DNA into a different species, causing them to become superfish? How many times has this happened in the kind of movie shown on the SyFy Channel during the day on a Saturday, usually with tragic consequences? The titles practically write themselves: Killapia!
I don't consider myself anti-aquaculture or necessarily anti-GM food, provided it's done ethically, but this seems a little bizarre to me. I'm also only a knuckle-dragging ecologist so I may be missing something in the genetic portion. If anyone more familiar with DNA wants to take a look at these papers, feel free to offer your likely more-informed opinion in the comments. In the meantime, I'll be wondering what pan-fried killapia tastes like.
References
Samy Yehya El-Zaeem, . (2012). Extraordinary mullet growth through direct injection of foreign DNA AFRICAN JOURNAL OF BIOTECHNOLOGY, 11 (33) DOI: 10.5897/AJB11.4085
Samy Yehya El-Zaaeem, Talaat Nagy Amer, & Nader Azzat El-Tawil (2012). Evaluation of the productive performance characteristics of red tilapia (Oreochromis sp.) injected with shark DNA into skeletal muscles and maintained diets containing different levels of probiotic and amino
yeast African Journal of Biotechnology, 28, 7286-7293 : 10.5897/AJB12.332
Melissa Biggs Bradley
Iran
Indagare founder Melissa Biggs Bradley is excited about the trip they just completed, to Tehran, Isfahan, Shiraz and Persepolis. The country seemed to be on the verge last year, and that panned out. Tourism has doubled in the past year, Biggs Bradley notes, thanks to the 2015 nuclear agreement along with regular flights from London, Paris, Vienna, Istanbul, Dubai and Doha. Visa restrictions still apply to American visitors, who must travel with a guide and follow local dress codes (i.e., headscarves), skip alcohol and put up with basic hotels. “It's a journey for culture lovers, not sybarites,” they caution. But “the UNESCO World Heritage Sites are the ultimate rewards, along with interactions with the incredibly warm local residents, who are eager to speak with Westerners.”
Are you excited for PAX Prime 2015? Well, you should be! To celebrate Xbox at this year's PAX Prime in Seattle, WA, we're giving away 7 collectible controllers with Xbox One consoles, featuring some of our greatest upcoming titles. Best of all, there's no purchase necessary to enter the sweepstakes, which runs from August 28 to August 31. For more information and all of that sweet legal stuff, be sure to take a closer look at the Official Rules.
If you're attending PAX Prime between August 28 and 31, drop by the Xbox booth to see the controllers on display. And while you're there, you can check out some of the hottest games coming out on Xbox One this year – including Halo 5: Guardians, Rise of the Tomb Raider, and Forza Motorsport 6!
There are Two Ways to Win
At PAX Prime: Snap a photo, and then Instagram or tweet that photo with the hashtags #xboxsweepstakes and #xbox. Also, make sure to follow @Xbox on Twitter!
On Twitter: Retweet the specified tweet. Again, make sure you're following @Xbox!
For a closer look at each of the controllers, head on over to the official Xbox Facebook page. You could potentially win one of these designs!
Halo 5: Guardians
Rise of the Tomb Raider
Plants vs. Zombies: Garden Warfare 2
Fallout 4
Rainbow Six Siege
Mirror's Edge Catalyst
IGN
See you at PAX Prime 2015!
NFL home teams are winning at an unprecedented rate, and it's 100% due to the replacement officials home bias.
Strong Home Field Bias
There historically has not been any home field bias under regular refs:
1) Home teams the last 10 yrs are exactly 581-581 ATS (50%) the first 8 weeks of the season. So far in 2012, they are 61% ATS (an increase of 11%). The fact that replacement referees allowed home teams to cover 11-4-1 ATS (73%) of the games in week 2 represents an increase of more than 2 standard deviations above average as compared to the last 3 seasons. In layperson terms, this means only 2 out of 100 weeks would we see home teams cover 73% of the time, and that just so happened the 2nd week of the replacement referees. This is a potential fundamental change and a red flag.
2) Home teams the last 3 years have seen the exact same number of penalties enforced as road teams (194 penalties accepted per week on home teams & 195 penalties accepted on road teams). In other words, it's usually about even each season. (Expanding from 2000-2011 there are just under 7% more penalties enforced on road teams vs. home teams). So far in 2012, they called 231 penalties accepted on road teams and only 188 accepted on home teams. This is a delta of 43 penalties, and means road teams have to deal with 23% more penalties. Already in 2012, we've had 43 more called on road teams. If calls at this rate continues, we will have 344 MORE penalties accepted on road teams than home teams this season!
Affects of the Home Field Bias
14 of the 16 home teams last week won their game. That marks the first time since the league expanded to 32 teams that 14 home teams have won in a single week.
Since 2002, teams who lost SU/ATS on the road in week 1 and play at home week 2 went 26-34 ATS (43%), failing to cover by an avg of 1.6 ppg. In 2012, teams who lost SU/ATS on the road in week 1 and played at home week 2 went 6-0-1 ATS (100%) and covered the spread by an average of 12.7 ppg.
So how should you, as a bettor, account for this? First, let's examine exactly what they are and are not doing differently:
Penalty Trends in 2012
We know the replacement refs are enforcing 23% more penalties on road teams than home teams to start the season, a much higher number than average.
In terms of yardage, we've had almost 2,000 penalty yards enforced on road teams. This number is much higher than the season average called on road teams of 1,626 yds the last 3 years.
The penalty increase is mainly confined to 3 key calls:
Defensive Pass Interference: There have been 40 accepted DPI penalties thru 2 weeks of 2012. The last 3 years, the average per week is just 12. Thus, we are seeing an increase of 8 more calls per week.
Offensive Holding: There have been 72 accepted OH penalties so far this season compared to a 3 yr average of just 27 penalties. This is an increase of over 9 OH calls per week.
Personal Fouls: There are usually 3 personal fouls called per week, but so far this season we have seen 15 flags thrown for personal fouls. This is an increase of almost 5 per week.
There are a few key areas where there are fewer flags:
Offensive Pass Interference: There have been just 6 flags per week called, vs an expected 9 thrown based on the last 3 years.
Illegal Contact: There have been just 7 flags per week so far in 2012 as compared to over 9 expected the last 3 years.
Unnecessary Roughness: Officials are also allowing more roughness to persist – only 19 flags have been thrown so far, vs an expected 22 thrown based on the last 3 seasons.
Other – Because refs aren't as familiar w/ the rulebook, they are not calling the other types of penalties that the typical referees call. Only 91 flags for offenses “other” than traditional. In 2 weeks of action, based on the last 3 years, we should have seen roughly 102 flags thrown.
Variance in Penalties Called – Week 1 to Week 2
It would be great to start examining trends and habits of these new replacement referees. The problem is, they are so new and 2 weeks of data is an impossibly small data set to pull relevant meaning from. It would be one thing if the referees consistently called too many defensive pass interference and not enough offensive holding. But that hasn't been the case when comparing week 1 to week 2.
– Fewer defensive pass interference penalties were enforced in week 2: 26 enforced week 1, almost half that (14) enforced week 2. But when you combine DPI with defensive holding and illegal contact, week 1 saw a total of 32 of these 3 penalties, and week 2 saw 30, so they increased the defensive holding and IC such that the rate of these penalties remained relatively consistent from week 1 to week 2.
– The referees were also calling more offensive holding last week: they enforced 47 offensive holding penalties vs. only 25 the prior week. The 3 year average for offensive holding was 27 per week. So in week, there was an 88% increase in offensive holding penalties enforced vs wk 1 and 74% over average.
– More personal foul and roughness penalties called in week 2: Teams had 23 total personal foul or unnecessary roughness penalties enforced against them in week 2, compared to just 11 last week. After watching the week 2 games, you could say that they were still throwing the same number of flags proportionate to the amount of contact, because it appeared there were a significant number of scuffles and fights between teams, pushing the limits of what they could get away with and testing the replacements.
So what does this mean for bettors?
Home teams have a tremendous edge. It's not just in what IS called, but what is not called. For example, in last night's Monday Night Football game, there was fumble by the Denver Broncos driving into Falcons territory. A huge pile of players jumped on the ball, and it was impossible for the officials to determine who had the ball. So they began to unpile the players. Protocol is the team who emerges with the ball is the team who gets possession. However, while bodies still covered the ball, an official declared “red ball”, signalling for the home team, Atlanta Falcons. They continued unpiling bodies, only to find the Broncos actually were the team with the ball at the bottom of the pile. Inexplicably, the referee announced “the ball was recovered by Atlanta”.
So between:
penalties CALLED against the road team (which are tracked),
penalties incorrectly NOT CALLED on the home team (not tracked), and
other blown calls in favor of the home team, such as ball possession, ball spots, clock issues, etc,
the advantage home teams (and their rowdy crowds) have had on the officials has been remarkable, and clearly measurable.
It's translated into a record number of HOME WINS thru 2 weeks
The NFL average from 2002 thru 2011 the first 2 weeks is that home teams, favored by -2.5 ppg on average, win 18 games and lose 14 games SU (56%), winning on avg by less than a FG per game. ATS, these teams are a dead even 153-156-10 (49.5%) over these 10 seasons.
So far, home teams have been favored by -2.5 ppg on average and are 23-9 SU (72%), winning by 6 ppg. In addition, home teams are 19-12 ATS, covering over 61% of the time.
From week 1 to week 2, the difference increased. Perhaps it was increasing crowd influenced pressure from the home team's crowd, but home teams in week 2 went an unprecedented 14-2 SU, winning by 9 ppg, and went 11-4-1 ATS.
Since the NFL expanded to 32 teams, home teams have NEVER won 14 of 16 (88%) games in a week.
The NFL average home field advantage has long been considered ~ 3 ppg. It actually has become less important than it used to be historically. From 1989 thru 1999, home teams won 59% of the time. But from 2000 thru 2011, home teams won 57% of the time.
The prime conclusion to draw at this point is that with these replacement referees, and home teams winning 72% of the time, compared to a week 1 and 2 average of just about 56% of the time, home field advantage should be increased over 3 points. However, predicting a specific number by which home field should be increased is impossible to do with confidence at this time, simply because there is not enough data to draw meaning from. There have been statistically significant swings in types of calls and frequency of calls from week 1 to week 2 alone, and the longer that these referees call games, the more accustomed they will become with “NFL speed” and bias of calls and focus of the officials will become more evident.
However, from what I have heard, I am fairly certain that these replacement referees may be here long term. And I am confident that I'll be on the forefront of studying trends and patterns and employing them into my algorithms as soon as it reasonably makes sense to do so to gain an edge in handicapping the NFL this season.
Never has it been more accurate than now that the road teams must beat not the other team, but the referees as well.
Comments
comments
Design firm Next Century Modern, creative collective LAT and clothing brand Elvine have started a program that allows “starving” artists, designers, musicians and the like to stay for free at a capsule hotel in Gothenburg, Sweden. Creative professionals visiting the city can apply to occupy this unique space, named The Creators Inn when they are in town. The Inn will then open as a hotel-in-hotel at Scandic Malmen in Stockholm on August 1st.
The Inn explains who is eligible:
We have a very wide definition of creators. The reason for coming to town is more important than the title on your business card. We try to support up and coming creators of different kinds, the ones that would normally end up on someone's couch. To find them Creators Inn by Elvine works first and foremost with local independent organizers offering their guests a place to stay.
On a morning stroll down the serene beaches of Grand Isle State Park, a visitor can watch as waves quietly lap the shore, birds sail overhead, a porpoise pokes above the water.
Yet it takes only minutes of digging into the sand to reveal a menace that experts say permanently threatens this picturesque landscape: pools of crude oil lurking less than a foot below the surface.
The April 20 explosion of an oil rig in the Gulf of Mexico released an estimated 205 million gallons of oil into these waters. It remains unclear how much oil was actually recovered, how much remains, and – most important for the fragile coastal ecosystems – where it ended up.
A report published in August by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) concluded that 74 percent of the oil has been recovered, evaporated, or naturally dispersed, leaving a residual 26 percent “on or just below the surface” of water or in sand. But many scientists question the validity of that report, saying that, due to the unprecedented scope of the spill and the record volume of dispersants used to mitigate its impact, it is too soon to make any determination about where or when the oil landed.
Recently, NOAA itself has indicated that the report is a work in progress.
Ron Kendall, director of The Institute of Environmental and Human Health at Texas Tech University in Lubbock and a member of the assessment team for the Exxon Valdez spill in 1989, says it will take “extensive environmental sampling” over a period of years to determine how much oil is embedded into coastal habitats, and where.
Oil that remains trapped under a marsh or buried beneath a beach is particularly threatening because the lack of oxygen will prevent bacteria from breaking down the oil, meaning “it will be there for all time,” says Nancy Kinner, codirector of The Coastal Response Research Center at the University of New Hampshire in Durham. Twenty-one years after the Valdez spill, oil remains submerged in the beaches of Prince William Sound in Alaska.
The same is true in Massachusetts' Buzzards Bay, where a 1969 spill released 175,000 gallons of diesel fuel; 41 years later, sampling shows oil three to eight inches below the land's surface.
When oil gets buried that deep, says Ms. Kinner, it creates a “trade-off” to mitigate, especially when it involves a fragile habitat, like the coastal wetlands, whose survival is already threatened.
“Is it better to leave it there than to dig up the whole marsh? Because when you dig up the whole marsh, you do a tremendous amount of damage. You'll never get the marsh back,” they say.
The risks of having oil hidden so deep below the surface are numerous. Among them: Drinking water is degraded; the food chain is affected because organisms like mussels and crustaceans are threatened; and animals such as sea turtles have no place to bury their eggs.
Oil that makes its home below sand is also vulnerable to seasonal storms, which means it is potentially mobile and can represent “a new release of oil into the environment” when it returns to the freshwater table, Kinner says.
Frank Galgano, chair of the geography and environment department at Villanova University near Philadelphia, says oil embedded in the ocean floor is much more stationary because of the sheer depth and the frigid temperatures, but coastal oil “is just not going to sit there.” The hydraulics particular to each coastal system can potentially shift the oil to deeper layers in the sediment. “That's the most insidious part of that oil that's trapped. Eventually, over many years, it'll seep lower and lower into the system,” they say.
One way being developed to quickly degrade trapped oil is biomediation, in which oxygen is injected into the sand through trenches or spraying. Michel Boufadel, chair of the department of civil and environmental engineering at Temple University in Philadelphia, is working with NOAA to implement the technique. They say past cleanup efforts “looked at the beach like a box” and ignored the fact that it is a continually moving organism that needs to be treated according to its particular characteristics.
So far, NOAA's directives for Gulf Coast beach cleanup include cosmetically washing surface contamination, collecting tar balls, and removing the top layers of certain areas where oil is concentrated.
John Tarpley, chief scientific support coordinator for NOAA, says the agency's goal is to clean beaches so they have “1 percent of oil or less.” Highly trafficked public beaches are a priority, they add. However, environmentalists warn that the departure of cleanup crews will not mean the beaches have a clean bill of health.
“They will never clean it all up,'' says Doug Inkley, a senior scientist for the National Wildlife Federation. “It is impossible to remove all the oil from the environment. That cannot be done.”
Adam Mickiewicz Monument, ca. 1900
Adam Mickiewicz Monument (Polish: Pomnik Adama Mickiewicza) is a monument dedicated to Adam Mickiewicz at the Krakowskie Przedmieście in the Śródmieście district of Warsaw, Poland. The Neo-Classicist monument was constructed in 1897–1898 by sculptor Cyprian Godebski.
History [ edit ]
On 13 February 1897 the Głos magazine published an article promoting the idea of building the monument. Other newspapers soon followed the idea. Writer Henryk Sienkiewicz helped to raise awareness among the Warsaw intelligentsia, and by their effort, the Russian authorities permitted the construction of the monument.[1] A public committee was founded by Sienkiewicz, Count Michał Radziwiłł and Zygmunt Wasilewski. The committee asked people for financial contributions to help build the monument. The financial support was quickly raised and the work was assigned to sculptor Cyprian Godebski.
The monument was built on a place where several buildings, demolished in 1865, were located. From 1897 it was sculpted by Godebski in Italy. The 4.2 m tall bronze statue was cast in Pistoia, Italy.[1] Red granite column and foundations were produced by an Italian company in Baveno near Milano.[2] The statue shows Mickiewicz standing tall, with their head slightly raised and their right hand laid upon their heart. The monument was ceremonially unveiled on 24 December 1898 on the 100th anniversary of poet's birth. The ceremony was planned to be much larger, however the Tsarist authorities feared it could turn into a patriotic manifestation and banned all marches and speeches. The monument was thus unveiled in silence, in front of 12,000 people.[1]
After the end of the Warsaw Uprising in 1944 it was deliberately destroyed by Nazi Germans. Remaining parts of the demolished monument were eventually transported to Germany. After the war, Polish soldiers found the head and several parts of the statue in Hamburg. Sculptor Jan Szczepkowski produced the copy of the original statue.[1] The environs around the monument were also restored. It was unveiled again on 28 January 1950. The last parts of the monument were returned to Poland as late as the 1980s.
References [ edit ]
Coordinates:
Every two years, the Congress for the New Urbanism identifies the worst highways in America, the ones that are falling apart and, even as they do, are hurting the cities and people they supposedly serve. This year's list was released this morning. Have a look at Freeways Without Futures 2017. Our own I-345 made the list of 10. Here's what CNU says:
In Dallas, a firmly auto-oriented Sunbelt city, few dared to imagine downtown without this concrete behemoth carrying roaring motor vehicles above—until an audacious group of local activists began to run the numbers. Calling themselves A New Dallas, and led by locals Patrick Kennedy and Brandon Hancock, they made a compelling case for demolishing I-345 and reuniting downtown Dallas with Deep Ellum. Here is what they found, according to D Magazine: “Blowing up I-345 would free up 245 acres for development that could bring in another 27,540 downtown residents and, based on developable-square-footage estimates, more than 22,550 jobs. … And those estimates are conservative. It would restitch the grid, reconnect Deep Ellum and East Dallas to downtown, and allow the active development happening farther up Central Expressway to move south. … What happens then? Within 15 years, as much as $4 billion in new investment and more than $100 million in yearly property tax revenue.”
The writeup goes on to cite the work of the Coalition for a New Dallas and its role in spurring TxDOT to create its landmark CityMAP report. This is a pretty big deal. Hopefully the national pub from CNU will hasten the teardown.
Thursday, 04 February 2010, 13:03
S E C R E T LONDON 000257
SIPDIS
DEPT FOR BRIANNE MARWAHA, NEA/IR AND STEVEN LETT, EEB
EO 12958 DECL: 02/02/2020
TAGS PREL, PGOV, ETTC, ECPS, TSPA, IR, UK, FR
SUBJECT: IRAN: HMG BRIEFS ON IRIG JAMMING OF BBC, VOA
BROADCASTS; REQUESTS LOBBYING ASSISTANCE
REF: MURRAY/MARWAHA E-MAILS 02/02/2010
Classified By: Political Minister-Counselor Greg Berry, reasons 1.4 (b) and (d).
1. (S) SUMMARY: Embassy London Iran Watcher (poloff) met February 3 with Jaime Turner, Deputy Head of Multi-lateral Affairs at the Foreign and Commonwealth Office's Iran Group to discuss ways to condemn publicly the Iranian regime's blocking of western satellite channels and how to circumvent it. Turner informed poloff that the European Parliament (EP) would soon be debating a resolution condemning the IRIG's actions against BBC Persian, Voice of America and Deutsche Welle broadcasts. HMG requested that the USG join with the UK and France (home of Eutelsat, owner of the Hotbird satellite) at the International Telecommunication Union (ITU) to lodge an official complaint against the IRIG for jamming commercial broadcasts. HMG also hopes the U.S. will join it in lobbying the French government to convince Eutelsat to drop IRIG broadcasts from the Hotbird satellite. END SUMMARY.
2. (S) Jaime Turner, Deputy Head of Multi-lateral affairs at the Foreign and Commonwealth Office's Iran Group, briefed poloff on the IRIG's jamming of western satellite broadcasts, particularly BBC Persian and Voice of America. Turner said Eutelsat, the owner of the Hotbird satellite (the most popular satellite covering the Midde East region) had, after several months of enduring Iranian jamming of its signals, decided to drop BBC Persian from the satellite because of complaints from other commercial broadcasters that their programs were being affected as well. Although Eutelsat has given BBC Persian a slot on another satellite, that satellite does not carry many of the most popular channels and therefore has limited reach.
3. (S) In an informal survey conducted by the British Embassy in Tehran, the UK found that less than 15 percent of people in Tehran have access to either BBC Persian or Voice of America (VOA) television broadcasts. In a few cases, individuals were able to hear the broadcasts, but the pictures were scrambled. In an effort to reach more people inside Iran, BBC Persian has begun streaming all of its magazine programs on the web, but those are only accessible to people who are arguably the best informed because of their ability to circumvent IRIG internet filtering. BBC also has started producing one-minute news summaries that can be distributed via Bluetooth. Radio has been far less affected, with regular access to BBC World Service and VOA still readily available. Eutelsat has lodged a complaint at the International Telecommunication Union (ITU) against the Iranian government. The French government (Eutelsat is a French company) also plans to engage on the issue at ITU. According to Turner, the UK has not been particularly active at ITU in the past, and therefore has little influence, but will join the French protest. HMG would appreciate USG engagement as well.
4. (S) While lodging complaints at the ITU has symbolic value, Turner said their government recognizes the body has no enforcement authority. Therefore, HMG is looking at other ways to address the issue. HMG is exploring ways to limit the operations of the IRIB's Press TV service, which operates a large bureau (over 80 staff) in London. However, UK law sets a very high standard for denying licenses to broadcasters. Licenses can only be denied in cases where national security is threatened, or if granting a license would be contrary to Britain's obligations under international law. Currently, neither of these standards can be met with respect to Press TV, but if further sanctions are imposed on Iran in the coming months, a case may be able to be made on the second criterion.
5. (S) In the immediate term, HMG plans to lobby the French government to approach Eutelsat and press it to drop IRIB broadcasts from the Hotbird satellite. The IRIB broadcasts several channels from the satellite, both domestically (even most terrestrial TV channels in Iran are dependent on a satellite and repeaters) and internationally, so it is an important source of income for Eutelsat. While it would be unlikely for the company to agree to drop the IRIB broadcasts spontaneously, Turner believes it would be susceptible to an approach by the French government because of the cover it would gain from complying with an official government request. HMG would appreciate USG engagement with the government of France on this issue.
Visit London's Classified Website: http://www.intelink.sgov.gov/wiki/Portal:Unit ed_Kingdom
SUSMAN
As computers get smarter machines could become more intelligent than humans within a few decades, leading to an event dubbed the Singularity.
Technologists are still debating the possibility but what if just enough people believed it is likely?
Whether the singularity occurs or not, just the expectation of it could significantly change human behavior, says James Miller, associate professor of economics at Smith College.
“Long before there is a singularity, people will come to expect it,” Smith told attendees at the Singularity Summit in San Jose. “And it is very likely that could happen within 20 years.”
The belief that a vastly different future is near could change how people make choices in life, education, investment and retirement, says Miller. “People will become very fearful of death, save less and invest differently,” they say.
Most significant among their choices would be the emphasis on extending life, says Smith. “If you think there will be a machine-driven future then your top priority is to survive long enough to make it to the singularity,” they say.
That means people force Governments to increase its defense spending in a bid to ensure the greatest chance of survival.
“Believers will also want to spend more money to increase their chances of making it to the singularity with things such as safer cars and machines that make jobs such as construction safer,” they say.
Another emerging field could be cryonics which allows for freezing of the body on the belief that it can be resuscitated in the future when the right technology is available. As more people think that future could be a vastly different placed shaped by technological advances, they are more likely to spend what it takes to be a part of it, says Miller.
Interestingly, a quick poll among the 350 or so conference attendees on who's signed up for cryonics threw up nearly a dozen hands. Compare that to the fact that only about 1300 people in the entire world have signed up for cryonics, according to Miller.
The belief that intelligent machines will dominate could also lead to lower spending on education, says Miller. “If you are thinking of being a surgeon, why would you spend the time to learn if you think computers will be vastly better than humans at operations,” they say. "People are then likely only to pay to learn where education is fun and truly rewarding."
For an economist, some of Miller's views relating to how the expectation of singularity sound rather alarmist. As more people believe in the singularity, they are likely to save less for retirement and change the way they invest leading to higher interest rates and different mortgage patterns among other things they say.
“We save for days when we will be frail and can't work,” Miller told attendees. “But if you think there will be singularity by 2045, you believe your body will live longer and that changes your behavior significantly.”
Miller's talk was among the most controversial at the conference. Their financial advice especially had some of the attendees riled. “The framing of this discussion into believers and non-believers is ridiculous,” says Eric Acher, an associate with the São Paulo, Brazil-based Monashees capital who claims they walked out of the talk towards the end. "The discussion needs to be about the impact of technological progress on society."
Other attendees such as Robert Bernstein, a nanotech engineer seemed more willing to buy into Miller's ideas. “What I took away from the talk was how personal behavior should change as a result of the probability of the singularity and how that would affect the economics of the world,” says Bernstein.
What do you think of Miller's views? Are you a believer?
If you're keeping score at home about whether or not a “War on Christmas” is going on in this country, it looks like you can add another tally to the “Yes” side: Historically black churches in the South keep getting burned down.
Yep, this one's pretty much an open-and-shut case.
Sure, it's easy to write off the War on Christmas as hyperbolic, but from Briar Creek Road Baptist Church in North Carolina to God's Power Church of Christ in Georgia, 2015 has seen multiple fires intentionally set to predominately black churches. It's pretty difficult to say that there isn't something going on when stuff like this keeps happening.
Advertisement
Just look at the facts: Cashiers now say “Happy Holidays” instead of “Merry Christmas.” Nativity scenes are being removed from city halls. Churches where members of the African-American community go to celebrate their faith are getting deliberately burned down. And of course, who can forget the recent Starbucks red cup fiasco?
This isn't the first time these types of churches have been burned down, either. With a little digging, you'll discover that it's clear that they have been targeted and purposely set ablaze for decades, going back well before the 1960s! The phrase “War on Christmas” is a fairly recent addition to our lexicon, but when you look at the long history of terror that has been waged against black churches, it definitely seems like a war has been going on for much longer—even before people started saying “Winter Break.” Whatever that is.
Oh, and just last month, the FBI arrested two men who were planning to bomb a primarily black church. Of course, we understand that not everyone celebrates Christmas, but isn't this going just a little too far?
Advertisement
With the holiday season coming up, you'll hear a lot of people dismiss the War on Christmas as a right-wing talking point. But the next time you hear someone say “Happy Holidays” or read about a predominantly black church burning down, maybe you'll think twice.
Poland's Chief National Geologist has revealed that the extent of Polish shale gas deposits may not be as bountiful as previously imagined.
“The initial, optimistic estimates regarding shale gas in Poland will be significantly reduced in a new report on this subject,” Piotr Wozniak told journalists as a press conference in Washington.
Wozniak has been conducting talks in America with the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) and the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA).
The upcoming report on Polish shale gas has been jointly prepared by Poland's National Geological Institute and the USGS, and will be released on 21 March, according to Wozniak.
In recent times, shale gas had been trumpeted as a means of greater energy independence for Poland, not least in regard to the current dependence on Russian gas.
American companies have already secured concessions in the industry and are leading the test drilling in Poland,
Although Wozniak said that there was “absolutely no doubt” that there will be a reduction in the size of Poland's shale gas estimates, they stressed that preliminary work was far from finished.
They said that only 13 wells had been drilled thus far, and that only after 100 have been penetrated will more conclusive data be available.
All in all, some 130 wells will be drilled as part of the tests.
When questioned about the impact that the fracking technique of extracting shale gas will have on the environment, Wozniak claimed that the principal problem will be noise pollution.
In reference to the earthquakes that had occurred in the U.S. during shale gas extraction, they argued that threats of similar occurrences were minimal. (nh/pg)
Source: PAP
The Best Zidane and Cristiano Ronaldo are big winners
Next Monday, London will be the setting for a Real Madrid festival after the club were revealed to have swept the board at FIFA's The Best awards.
The ceremony will take place at the Palladium Thetre and will once again crown Cristiano Ronaldo as the best player in the world, voted for by captains, coaches, journalists and supporters from all over the world.
Leo Messi and Neymar will also be on the podium with the Portuguese.
The Brazilian will take third place behind their former teammate, and everything indicates that this time the Barcelona players will be in attendance after deciding not to go out last year.
The prize has changed for the current edition, as it recognises the best of last season, losing the annual character that, for example, the Ballon d'Or had.
Another award, recognising the best goalkeeper, will be made on the night, and it would seem that Gianluigi Buffon is set to take this ahead of Keylor Navas and Manuel Neuer.
Zidane, best coach
Ronaldo will not be alone. The conquest of London, ten days before playing Tottenham at Wembley, will be completed with the best coach award that will be give to Zinedine Zidane.
Last year the Frenchman finished behind Claudio Ranieri.
Up to five Real Madrid players will be in the world eleven; Ramos, Marcelo, Kroos, Modric and Ronaldo, and a prize will also be given for the best goal.
US forces will stay in Syria indefinitely, a Pentagon spokesperson has said. There is no legal justification for the US presence in the county which has endured a deadly six-year conflict and partial occupation by Islamic State.
"We are going to maintain our commitment on the ground as long as we need to, to support our partners and prevent the return of terrorist groups," Eric Pahon said Tuesday.
#U.S. military plans to stay in #Syria as long as necessary to ensure ISIS does not return.
"We are going to maintain our commitment on the ground as long as we need to, to support our partners and prevent the return of terrorist groups," Pentagon spokesperson Eric Pahon Said #AFP — Randa HABIB (@RandaHabib) December 5, 2017
The Pentagon admitted last week that it has 1,720 troops in Syria, more than three times as many as it had previously acknowledged.
The US has maintained its military presence in Syria under the pretext of fighting Islamic State (IS, formerly ISIS/ISIL). Washington has also armed and funded various proxy groups under the banners of the Free Syrian Army (FSA) and the Kurdish-dominated Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF).
The US has cited the 2001 Authorization for Use of Military Force against Al-Qaeda and other terrorists as legal justification for its presence in Syria. The Syrian government, however, has rejected this claim, and insists US forces are operating on its territory illegally.
“We will knock on every diplomatic door, because [the] American military presence in Syria is illegal,” Syrian Foreign Minister Walid Muallem said. “When diplomacy will become powerless, then we will examine different options.”
Read more
Unlike the US, Russia's intervention is at the invitation of the Syrian government. Moscow deployed its forces in September 2015, as terrorist groups threatened to overrun the government. The US has accused Russia of doing little to defeat IS, saying, “They have only conducted a fraction of counter-ISIS operations.”
“The statement is nothing new, the same typical snobbery,” Russian Senator Frants Klintsevich, deputy head of the Upper House Committee for Defense and Security, said in response. “Even with total resistance from the US special services, those who know how much Russia and the Syrian military forces have done, how many lives were lost, simply cannot say that Russia has done nothing.”
As the Syrian military and its allies make gains in eastern Syria, IS is nearing complete defeat. On Tuesday, the US-led coalition announced that fewer than 3,000 IS fighters remain in Syria and Iraq, according to Reuters. Syria continues to be plagued by terrorist attacks, however. A bomb blast on a passenger bus killed 8 people in the city of Homs Tuesday. IS claimed responsibility for the attack, according to local media.
Citing a BKA report entitled "Threat situation for the UEFA European Football Championship 2016," German newspaper "Bild" reported on Thursday that national teams taking part in the month-long tournament were also vulnerable.
"A successful attack on teams of 'Crusader nations' - which includes Germany - would be particularly symbolic," the BKA document warned, referring to teams from predominantly Christian western countries.
Due to its colonial history and its military involvement in the fight against the "Islamic State" terrorist group, France remains a main target for "Islamist-motivated perpetrators," the document said.
"Symbolic and 'soft' targets which attract large media attention and a correlating high expected number of victims" are also a possibility, the BKA added.
Fears of a 'lone wolf'
As well as small terror groups, the report also lists "irrational, fanatical lone wolves" as possible perpetrators. Last weekend, Europol Director Rob Wainwright already warned of possible terrorist attacks at Euro 2016.
"Of course [security] is an issue," said German national coach Joachim Löw
The tournament, which takes place in France between June 10 and July 10, comes just months after suicide bombers tried to enter the Stade de France during an international football match between France and Germany.
Despite failing in their attempt, they, and two other organized trios, killed some 130 people across Paris in one of the most deadly terrorist attacks France has seen. Hundreds of others were injured.
Days later, a match between world champions and the Netherlands in Hannover was canceled over fears of a similar attack.
Suicide bombers attempted to enter the Stade de France in November 2015
German coach believes in French efforts
Several international coaches have also voiced their concerns over terror threats at the Euros, including German team boss Joachim Löw.
"Of course [security] is an issue. After what happened in November you can't just ignore it," Löw said during a recent Euro 2016 workshop in Paris.
"But I believe France is doing everything it can to guarantee security here," they added.
Hollande steps up security
In light of the recent terror attacks in Paris and Brussels, French President Francois Hollande has raised the security budget for the upcoming football tournament by 15 percent. Some 3,000 additional personnel will be on hand as part of the extra security measures.
"Euro 2016 should be a pursuit that includes coming together, unity, respect, tolerance and - within the context that we know - a form of response. A response to hatred. To division. To fear. To horror," Hollande said.
Police were still searching Tuesday for a man they consider armed and dangerous after they robbed a First Midwest Bank branch in Orland Park, officials said.
The man fired two shots, injuring no one, and escaped with an undisclosed amount of money, Orland Park Police Cmdr. John Keating said.
Orland Park police received multiple 911 calls reporting a bank robbery in progress at 1:37 p.m. Monday from customers at the bank at 11200 W. 143rd St.
A man entered the bank, displayed a dark semi-automatic handgun and announced the robbery, Keating said. When a customer entered the bank and saw the robbery in progress, the man fired at them before the customer could leave and call 911, Keating said.
The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled on foot in a northwest direction into a residential area, Keating said. Police, including Cook County sheriff's police K-9 units and patrol units, canvassed nearby neighborhoods, but authorities said Monday they had reason to believe the suspect had left the area.
Police described the suspect as black, about age 30, 6 feet and 185 pounds. They were wearing a black and white flannel jacket with a light fleece hood, a black hooded sweatshirt underneath, dark blue jeans and black gym shoes.
Anyone with information is asked to call Orland Park police or the local FBI office.
I'll never forget the time my grandparents took my brother and me up north when we were little kids. My grandmother was originally from Canada, and so this one summer, I think it was like 1993 or 1994, we drove from New York to Ontario to visit some of their relatives.
They always spoiled us, the way that only grandparents can, crossing all of the normal boundaries that made up our regular lives back home. I remember, among other things, my grandfather enlightening us that “goddamn” technically wasn't a curse word, and so regarding my parents' rules regarding foul language, well, goddamn it, we could say “damn” as much as we wanted.
Or the Super 8 Motel we stopped at overnight, somewhere near Corning, New York. I look at a Super 8 motel now and it's like, well, it's nothing special, it's a cheap place to break up a long drive into two days. But my grandparents made even a dumpy motel room into something special. They rented Batman Returns for us to watch, way too graphic a movie for two little kids, much more adult than any of the Disney movies we watched back home. And in the morning we woke up to chocolate éclairs, an unheard of dessert breakfast to start us off for that second leg of the trip.
But the memory that stands out most happened before we ever crossed the border. It was in the backseat of their sedan, I can still picture the scene unfolding in real-time through my head, all of the sudden my brother and I noticed a buzzing, it was coming from right behind us. It was a wasp, and when I think about it still, I can't come up with any explanation as to how this thing got in the car, and why it was so quiet for such a long stretch of time.
Because we were two or three hours on the highway when this thing started freaking out. My brother and I panicked, throwing ourselves against the opposite end of the car, unable to even make out words to describe what was going on. My grandparents just kind of looked at us for half a minute or so, they couldn't figure out what was up. But one of us must have choked out something like, “A bee! A wasp!”
And I don't know, I don't think I'm exaggerating when I remember this thing being bigger than just a bee. I can see a light brown body, that giant middle section, a crooked stinger clearly visible under the blur of its frenzied wings. My grandfather spotted the source of our screaming before my grandmother did, and I can remember them letting out a non-expletive of their own as they slammed on the brakes and pulled over to the shoulder.
The only one who maintained any sense of calm or composure was my grandmother. As the three of us scrambled to jump out of the car, Grandma rolled up a piece of newspaper and jumped headfirst in the backseat, swinging away. I couldn't even comprehend such courage, but after three or four whacks, they emerged from the car, holding the squashed source of our fears for us to see before telling us to get back in the car.
“Those bugs are more afraid of you than you are of them.” I think they called us a bunch of sissies, or ninnies, or some other old-fashioned word you'd only ever get called by your grandmother. And that always stuck with me, whenever I had to deal with a bug, even if I couldn't get past my own fear, I knew that my grandmother wouldn't have had any problem showing an insect who's boss.
Grandma, thanks for all the great memories, I'm so lucky to have had such an awesome thirty years with you in my life. I'll miss you a lot, and every time I get freaked out by a goddamn bug, no matter how big, I'll think about you while I swallow that lump in my throat and look for some newspaper to ready my attack.
SALEM, Ky. (AP) — Is that a bird in the tree? A cat? No, it's Rocco the dog, who had to be rescued by firefighters when the small dachshund got stuck inside a tree trunk.
Authorities say two off-duty Kentucky state troopers were mowing a cemetery in Salem on Thursday when they heard a dog barking. They looked around for several minutes, and finally, they found the pooch — trapped inside the tree.
Apparently Rocco had climbed into a nearby hole dug by a groundhog and found their way up through the tree trunk. That's where they became stuck.
A firefighter came out and cut part of the tree, safely freeing Rocco.
The opening in the tree is now big enough Rocco — if they dare go on another adventure like that.
The Dunning Community Garage Sale will make pop-up shops out of 52 different homes over the next two weekends. View Full Caption Flickr/ Dave Lichterman
CHICAGO — The entire Dunning neighborhood will turn into an outdoor thrift market with more than 50 unique vendors during the next two weekends, residents announced.
The neighborhood group Dunning Community Watch banded together dozens of homeowners for the first-ever Dunning Community Garage Sale, making secondhand stores out of 52 different front yards and driveways all across the Northwest Side neighborhood.
The community-wide event was organized as "a way to support local reuse-reduce-recycle, and keep money in our local community," co-organizer Jason Quaglia said. "It also provides a way for neighbors to get to know each other better which is very important in a community policing strategy."
The sales will be spread between two weekends, broken down by geographic area, Quaglia said.
The West Dunning sale, including 33 homes between Harlem and Cumberland avenues, will run from 9 a.m.-4 p.m. Saturday and Sunday.
The East Dunning sale, including 19 spots between Narragansett and Harlem avenues, is set for the same time on July 22-23.
[Facebook/Dunning Community Garage Sale]
[Facebook/Dunning Community Garage Sale]
Nearly a year and a half into the economic recovery, some 43.6 million Americans continued to rely on food stamps in November.
More than 14% of the population drew food stamps in November to purchase groceries as high unemployment and muted wage growth crimped budgets. The number of recipients was up 0.9% from October, according to the new report by the U.S. Department of Agriculture. Compared to a year ago, the number of people receiving food stamps was up 14.2%.
In both Washington, D.C. and Mississippi more than a fifth of residents received food stamps — the highest recipiency rates of any state.
But demand has grown stronger in the past year in a handful of other states that recorded significant increases on a per capita basis.
In New Mexico, 19.4% of the population tapped into food stamps. That's up 3.2 percentage points from the same month a year ago, the largest increase for any state. Idaho reported a similar jump: 14% of residents received food stamps, up 3.1 points from a year ago. Washington, D.C., Florida, Delaware and Texas all experienced similar year over year increases.
Continue reading for a list of food stamp use by state.
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
A Protestant fundamentalist pastor has said that they will take their protest against a gay sauna onto the streets of Londonderry, Northern Ireland, after it was given full planning permission this week.
The Cage, owned by Barry McGonagle, opened in February but was only granted planning approval for expansion this week.
However, Mark Bradford, from the city's Bethnal Baptist church claimed the application submitted by the owner was misleading. They told the Belfast Telegraph's Donna Deeney: “There is no mention in the application for a dark room, a cinema or private cubicles but this is what is being advertised.”
They added: “While I and other ministers have quietly gathered over 400 signatures on a petition protesting against this place, I will not rule out taking our protests to the streets now and I will not stop until this carbuncle is removed from the city.”
Mr McGonagle also spoke to the Belfast Telegraph, saying they had no intention of moving their premises: “I know this is a first for the city and it's not everyone's cup of tea. I wasn't expecting one hundred per cent of the people to be happy but I will not let this deter me.
“The customers that have already been here have been very complimentary and are glad that something like this is in Derry for gay and bisexual men.
They added that although there was a similar place in Belfast, there was nothing comparable in the north west.
Jailed former dictator Manuel Noriega suing game maker Activision
Panama's former military dictator Manuel Noriega claims he's entitled to compensation because their image appears in Activision's "Call of Duty: Black Ops II" without their consent.
Noriega's attorney argued Activision improperly used the ex-general's exact likeness without first obtaining their permission, and cited another court's ruling allowing the pop band "No Doubt" to pursue damages after band singer Gwen Stefani was included in the video game "Band Hero" without their permission.
For their defense, Activision has hired former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani. "I am morally outraged that a man like Noriega is seeking to inhibit our creative rights in the United States," said Giuliani. "If creative rights have to be sacrificed, they shouldn't be sacrificed for someone like Noriega, nor should anyone have to send millions of dollars down to a Panamanian jail because this madman is making absurd claims."
If Noriega wins, other historical figures could sue if they don't like the way they're portrayed by Hollywood, they said. The case would give them "veto power" over movies they don't like, Giuliani said, noting that Osama bin Laden's heirs would have never consented to the movie "Zero Dark Thirty," which documented the U.S. military operation that led to their death.
Activision Blizzard is protected by the 1st Amendment in depicting historical figures in video games, just as the makers of the 2013 movie "The Butler" were justified in using actors to portray former U.S. presidents, Giuliani said.
"He made themselves a piece of our history," Giuliani said of Noriega. "He has no right to recover."
More at the Los Angeles Times, Gamespot, and The Hollywood Reporter.
Buy Photo Eaton County Sheriff's Department deputies block off Boody Highway at Spicerville Highway on Tuesday, Nov. 28, 2017, in Brookfield Township west of Eaton Rapids. (Photo: Nick King/Lansing State Journal)Buy Photo
BROOKFIELD TWP. - A person was shot and killed by an Eaton County Sheriff's Department deputy Tuesday afternoon after a short police chase and an exchange of gun shots between a suspect and police, officials said.
State Police Lt. Lisa Rish said a deputy suffered minor injuries in the incident, which occurred about 1 p.m. west of Eaton Rapids, and was transported to a local hospital.
State Police are investigating the shooting and have not revealed the identity or gender of the suspect.
Michigan State Police spokesperson Lori Dougovito said deputies with the Eaton County Sheriff's Office were serving a search warrant and a felony arrest warrant on behalf of the Michigan Department of Natural Resources at an address on East Spicerville Highway about 1 p.m. State Police originally said DNR officers served the warrant with Eaton County deputies assisting.
Rish said details are still developing but that ultimately two deputies in separate vehicles attempted to stop the suspect who fled in a vehicle. After a short pursuit, the suspect rammed both police vehicles, and shots were exchanged near the intersection of Boody Highway and Wilcox Road. Two deputies from Eaton County were at the scene when the shooting occurred.
Buy Photo Michigan State Police investigate the scene on Wilcox Road where a suspect was shot and killed by an Eaton County deputy after a chase on Tuesday, Nov. 28, 2017, in Brookfield Township west of Eaton Rapids. (Photo: Nick King/Lansing State Journal)
Rish said no other people were in the vehicle with the suspect.
Rish said they believe the felony warrant was "weapons related."
They added that police are waiting on lab results and reconstruction of the incident.
“We don't have many details now," Rish said Tuesday afternoon. “It appeared that the suspect's vehicle rammed the sheriff's (department) car,” Rish said.
The incident occurred on Wilcox Road about ½ mile from Boody Highway several miles west of Eaton Rapids in a rural area.
No other information was immediately available.
Wilcox Road is closed by police south of E. Spicerville Highway.
Also on LSJ.com:
Homeless Angels founder Mike Karl faces felony charge
ALDI looking to hire 30 workers for Webberville warehouse
Check back for updates.
Buy Photo A Michigan State Police helicopter flies over the scene where Robert Claude Smith was shot and killed by an Eaton County officer after a chase on Tuesday, Nov. 28, 2017, in Brookfield Township west of Eaton Rapids. (Photo: Nick King/Lansing State Journal)
Read or Share this story: http://on.lsj.com/2iZ7ZOa
By Santiago Esparza, for MLive Detroit
DETROIT, MI – Joe Gappy walks through Gigante Prince Valley Supermarket fist-bumping employees, high-fiving some customers while speaking in serviceable Spanish to others shopping at the 25,000 square-foot store. They hand out candy suckers to children, walks the store to keep an eye on trends and possible problems and marvels at how far the store has come in the 37 years their family has been in the grocery business on Michigan Avenue east of Livernois in southwest Detroit. The store is one of several in southwest Detroit that each employs dozens of workers from the neighborhood, has undergone dramatic renovations and expanded offerings without government loans, tax breaks or other such help. “We have soul,” the 44-year-old Gappy said while sharing a picture of their 2 ½ year old daughter with a mom and their child. “Customers at big grocers don't know the store managers. People who shop here know me and my dad (John Gappy) and chat with us.” The store features a mini post office, a bakery area in which wedding cakes can be ordered, a restaurant, cellular phone payment center, makes its own tortillas and tortilla chips daily and even grills chicken and rib meals for sale. “Either you grow or you are going to die,” Gappy said, noting a new oven will arrive this month to double the cake output at the store. “I'm always up thinking about what we are going to do next.” Independent grocers like Gappy have been a mainstay in Detroit for decades, said Ed Deeb, chairperson of the Michigan Food and Beverage Association. Deeb said there are more than 80 large independent stores in the city and the stores are investing in their businesses to offer more products at competitive prices. “There are more products; better products and at cheaper prices,” Deeb said. “That is what is helping.” Other stores of similar size that recently upgraded their locations include Acteca Market on Central Avenue, E&L Super Mercado on West Vernor, Honeybee Market on Bagley and Garden Fresh Marketplace, located just a few blocks west of Gappy's store. For years, these stores have been a lifeline in southwest Detroit, offering Latino food products, fresh produce and hiring employees who live close enough to walk to work. “Lately, the independent stores are improving vastly,” said Ed Deeb, chairperson of the Michigan Food and Beverage Association. “They are competing with big stores better than before. They are a real credit to the food industry.” Gappy is happy that Whole Foods opened a store in Detroit's Midtown area this Spring. But they question why a corporation with 200 stores across the country received more than $4 million in local and state tax incentives and grants. When Gappy's family invested tens of thousands of dollars in their store, they received no help from the government or tax incentives. “It is good that Whole Foods opened in the city,” Gappy said. “But they did not need tax breaks. None of us (local, independent grocers who expanded) got help. They shouldn't either.” Southwest Detroit native Rose Marzouq now lives Downriver but comes back to their old neighborhood to shop for Latino products but also in search of prices they said are better than at big stores in the suburbs. “Oh my God, I can go to E&L and get the meat so much cheaper than Kroger or Meijer or even Wal-Mart,” Marzouq said. “The meat is fresh, it's not over-priced and I can also pick up items like tortillas made that day. It is worth the trip.”
Santiago Esparza is a Detroit-based freelance writer.
Here is a list of some of the stores in southwest Detroit:
The population of France is forecast to match that of Germany – currently the largest in Western Europe – by 2055, reports Carine Fourteau of Mediapart.
In a study published on 29 March, the French National Institute of Demographic Studies (INED) examined the reasons behind this latest development in what has been a long history of reversing demographic trends between the two countries.
It finds that while immigration has played a minor role in the increase of the population in France, it represents a vital element for countering the continued ageing and decrease of the population in Germany.
France's demographic surge is due above all to a comparatively high rate of births, and which is significantly more than the number of deaths. In 2010, when the French population rose by 0.53% to reach 63.4 million, there were 802,000 babies born in France, while there were 540,000 deaths. During the same year, the net migration figure was 75,000 (i.e. there were 75,000 more people arrived in the country than the number of those who left) representing a fifth of the overall rise in the population.
In Germany, however, the situation is the exact opposite. In 2010, the German population totaled 81.4 million, representing a year-on-year fall of 0.06%. That drop would have reached 0.22% without the net influx of 130,000 immigrants during 2010.
According to the United Nations' medium variant projections, the French population will total the same as Germany's by 2055. This is based on the assumption of a continuing rise in fertility rates in France and Germany (reaching in 2055 an average 1.92 children per woman in Germany and 2.06 children per woman in France), that life expectancy will continue to rise (to reach 85.5 years in Germany, and 86.5 years in France) and that immigration will represent a net influx of 1 in 1,000 people.
"The positions of the two countries in terms of population growth and ageing have already been reversed," noted INED research director Gilles Pison who led the study. "While France was seen as an ageing nation threatened with demographic decline before the Second World War, this is now the image of Germany. These trend reversals are the consequence of changes in fertility and family formation that have occurred in both countries, but at different times."
A history of demographic ping-pong
Pison believes that the significantly higher birth rate in France is explained by longstanding public policies encouraging couples to have children, with financial benefits and childcare structures to help with raising a family, and which have been supported across the political divide.
The introduction of similar policies in Germany is comparatively recent, and while public spending on such policies is about the same in both countries, the childcare structure in Germany is less comprehensive than in France.
"In France, pro-family measures have long been advocated by governments of all political colours, while in Germany the memory of Nazi pronatalist zeal held back such policies for many years before they were finally implemented," commented Pison.
In 1800, France had a population of 30 million, twice that of Germany when calculating those who then lived within what are its current borders. However, over the following 150 years, the situation was reversed. "In the mid-18th century, women in both countries had 5 or 6 children on average," noted Pison in the study.
"But by the end of the century, the practice of birth control was spreading in France, and fertility fell from 5.4 children per women in the 1750s to 4.4 in the 1800s and 3.4 in the 1850s. In Germany, on the other hand, it was not until the late 19th century that German women, in turn, started to limit their family size. This timing differential is often attributed to the early spread of Enlightenment ideas across France, or to the lifting of religious constraints."
"One consequence of the early fertility decline was slower French population growth in the 19th century compared with its European neighbours, and early population ageing … The crushing defeat in the Franco-Prussian War of 1870-71 was attributed to the superiority of the Prussian education system, but also to the demographic decline of France which was believed to have lost its triumphant vigour of the Napoleonic First Empire. Similar reasons were given to explain France's vulnerability in the face of its German enemy at the start of the First World War. These ideas served to justify the introduction of pronatalist policies at the end of the 19th century."
World War II marks trend reversal
By 1939, Germany's population had reached 60 million, compared to 41 million in France. “German growth was due to a surplus of births over deaths, with a birth rate that remained consistently above the death rate throughout the nineteenth and early 20th centuries (discounting war years),” observed Pison.
“By contrast, the curves of births and deaths in France remained very close over this same period, and the resulting low level of natural growth was even cancelled out by the losses of the 1914-1918 war. It was only thanks to immigration that the population did not totally stagnate between 1900 and 1939."
Beginning at the end of the 19th century, France saw a strong influx of immigrants, rising notably in the years immediately after World War I. "Germany, on the other hand, far from being a country of immigration, saw an exodus of it inhabitants towards the New World," Pison underlined. "Without this emigration, its population would have increased even further.
The post-World War II baby boom ended in both countries in the 1960s. The fertility rate dropped to an average of two children per woman in Germany in 1970, and the same figure was recorded in France by 1974. By the 1990s, this had dropped to an average 1.3 children per woman in Germany and 1.7 children per woman in France.
In France, however, a trend among women to have children at a later age saw the fertility rate return to an average two children per woman beginning in the last decade. In Germany, the fertility rate rose far slower, to reach just 1.4 children per woman by 2010.
The INED study noted that since 1945 the average difference in the fertility rates between the two countries has remained ‘half a child' less for German women. “This gap may seem small, but in demography it is substantial, especially if it persists for decades,” said the study.
“If fertility remains low, a constant inflow of migrants will be needed to offset the surplus of deaths over births and to maintain the German population at its current level. Unless, that is, Germany resigns itself to the prospect of steady population decline,” it concluded.
Former terrorist suspects who were held in CIA prisons and tortured have been given the green light to sue the two men who devised the “enhanced interrogation” programme - marking the first time the US government has allowed a civil case against the CIA to proceed.
Judge Justin Quackenbush, a federal judge in Spokane, Washington state, ruled that the case against James Mitchell and John "Bruce" Jessen, two CIA contractors, could proceed.
The pair, both former Air Force psychologists who had no experience of al-Qaeda, devised a programme for the CIA that drew from 1960s experiments involving dogs, and a theory called "learned helplessness."
The interrogation programme is now widely discredited following a 2014 Senate report, which found that the methods used were not successful. The report said sleep deprivation, waterboarding and beatings had inflicted pain on al-Qaeda prisoners far beyond the legal limits, and yet did not result in important, lifesaving intelligence.
The case against the two psychologists has been brought by the American Civil Liberties Union on behalf of three men, none of whom were ever linked to al-Qaeda.
Suleiman Abdullah Salim, a fisherman from Tanzania, and Mohamed Ahmed Ben Soud, a Libyan exile from Gaddafi's regime, were held in CIA prisons but never charged with crimes and are now free.
Mr Salim, who is now back home in Tanzania, said they were held for five years and tortured. “You can't sleep, you can't eat, you can't smell,” they told The Guardian. “Flashbacks come anytime, so much they make you crazy.”
The third man, Gul Rahman, an Afghan, was alleged to have been interrogated at a CIA-run prison in Afghanistan known as "the Salt Pit". They were subjected to isolation, darkness and extreme cold water, and was later found dead of hypothermia.
The character of Harley Quinn was created by Paul Dini and Bruce Timm back 1992 for Batman: The Animated series and over the years their popularity has grown by leaps and bounds, she's pretty much the reason the Suicide Squad movie even exists, but now we get them starring in their first PG13 outing within the DC's Animated Universe, and to say this entry was a bit of disappointment would be a vast understatement.
Note: This movie's cool stylized credit sequence is much in the vein of the classic Pink Panther movies, I guess they were trying to set the tone for to the wackiness ahead, but what follows is often far from wacky and instead is simply crude and lame.
The film's plot is about as thin and nonsensical as possible and barely takes up much of it's 74 minute running time, what Bruce Timm instead decides to focus on are the road trip antics of Harley Quinn (Melissa Rauch) as they are forced to team-up with Batman (Kevin Conroy) and Nightwing (Loren Lester) to save the world. The movie opens with Poison Ivy (Paget Brewster) and the Floronic Man (Kevin Michael Richardson) breaking into Star Labs to steal files pertaining to a formula created by scientist Alec Holland, who is a comic book fans will recognize as the man who became the elemental known as Swamp Thing, as they hope to use it to turn all of humanity into plant-people. They believe this is the only way to stop humankind from destroying the planet. Batman figures that the best way to find Ivy and stop their diabolical plot is to locate their old BFF Harley Quinn, and so Nightwing is sent out to track down Joker's old girlfriend. After endlessly canvasing the city by just showing random people a picture of Harley (did they learn nothing about being a detective from Batman?) Nightwing discovers that they are now working at a superhero themed restaurant called Superbabes that has a solid Hooter's objectification of woman vibe to it.
You stay classy, Bruce Timm.
Nightwing follows/stalks Harley back to their digs and soon finds themselves in a knock down drag out fight with a very bitter Harley Quinn, and this led to me asking, “When exactly did Harley Quin become a master of hand-to-hand combat?” Now I don't have an issue with them turning Harley Quinn into a bit of a badass but to see them actually win a fight with a dude who was trained by friggin Batman is patently ridiculous, and I don't care that they technically won because they injected them with Joker venom because that fight still lasted way too long for it to be even remotely plausible. Of course that whole sequence was really just a set-up so we could get to a scene with Nightwing being tied to Harley's bed, apparently they got all hot and bothered by their superhero cuteness and decides to have sex with him, with a little light bondage being a bonus I guess.
Harley informs Nightwing,“You don't meet a lot of likely prospects at Superbabes.”
Bruce Timm even brings up the actually real book “Seduction of the Innocent” by American psychiatrist Fredric Wertham, which was key in bringing about the comic book censorship/purge in the1950s, as something that Harley had read back in their college days, and because of that they state “I didn't think you and Batman liked girls” but because they spot Nightwing's erection they realize that the author was clearly wrong. It's at this point one starts to wonder if we are watching a DC produced Batman movie or someone's fanfiction. Batman eventually shows up, but not before stopping off at Argus where they blackmail one of the agents for information, and then the three of them hit the road to track down Ivy.
Note: Batman actually threatens to out the agent's sexual fetish if they won't spill government secrets, thus proving that this particular Batman is a complete asshat.
What follows next is not something one expects to find in a Batman movie, and that would be an extended fart joke. Turns out the food at Superbabes is not the best and Harley really needs to use a restroom, but Batman refuses to pull over so they repeatedly fart in the backseat of the Batmobile. *sigh*
Batman responds, “It's not so bad…it smells like discipline.”
I love Kevin Conroy, and they are still one of the best of all the incarnations of Batman, but they really should have refused to deliver that line. In fact they should have passed on the part entirely because it pretty much pisses on the legacy they helped create during the shows original run. Also this movie should not have been called Batman and Harley Quinn as it's more about Nightwing and Harley with Batman solely there to play the stick-in-the-mud straight man to those two.
In fact Batman is so bad at their job in this movie it boggles the mind; the World's Greatest Detective resorts to the asupervisorstioned blackmail to get information they need to track down the villains but when they eventually do encounter the Floronic Man, a guy made of planet matter and who is an exile from an interdimensional world, they fail to pack anything useful in their utility belt to combat him. Instead in both of their encounters with the Floronic Man it's mostly Batman trying to punch the super villain in the face. Don't forget this is a man/creature who is mostly plant matter and who has plant controlling powers, not someone you'd assume was particularly vulnerable to a fist to the face. Did they forget to pack the Bat-Weed-Be-Gone in their utility belt? Batman deserves to get their ass handed to them here. To add insult to injury there is a throw away gag at the end of the movie that reveals how our heroes eventually defeat the Floronic Man that is such an insult to Batman that Bruce Timm should have been sent to the corner for a time-out.
Does Batman hope enough punches will take them down via erosion?
To make matters even worse Bruce Timm decided to waste much of the film's short running time with a useless scene where Harley takes Batman and Nightwing to a bar where costumed henchmen hang out with the hope of finding one of Ivy's old associates. Not only does Batman and Nightwing's arrival at such an establishment illicit no response, you'd think at least a couple of them would wisely try and slip out the back door, but then we get two full musical numbers for no bloody reason. The scene ends when one of Catwoman's old crew eventually does pick a fight with Batman and we get a terrible nod to the classic Adam West Batman series.
That's comedy right there folks, move along nothing to see here.
Batman and Harley Quinn was directed by Sam Liu, whose last two outings were Teen Titans: The Judas Contract and The Killing Joke which were less than memorable, but the fault here I'd say lies squarely on writer Bruce Timm's shoulders as they took a character they so lovingly brought to life in the original Batman: The Animated series and then turned them into a punching bag for a bunch of lame ass jokes. Then as if dragging the Batman legacy through the gutter wasn't enough we are subjected to a terrible “surprise” cameo from Swamp Thing that is only there as a pointless and awful throwaway gag.
Somewhere out there Berni Wrightson is rolling over in theirs grave.
Finally I will say that though Big Bang Theory actor Melissa Rauch wasn't terrible as Harley Quinn I see no reason for casting original voice actors Kevin Conroy and Loren Lester and then not casting Arleen Sorkin as Harley, who I'd say is as responsible for the popularity of the character as Bruce Tim and Paul Dini are, but maybe they read the script and turned them down. Even if that's not the case I will pretend it is. This is not the lovable ditzy character we all know and love, who back in the original cartoon did actually team-up with Batman in an episode called Harlequinade. That episode was brilliant and funny, as most of their appearances in the original show were, but what we got here is a poor excuse for fanfiction that is best forgotten as quickly as possible.
Dig up the original and treat yourself to something great.
Batman and Harley Quinn (2017) 4.5/10 Movie Rank - 4.5/10 4.5/10 Summary Batman and Harley Quinn has some nice animated production values to it but the characters or so off model in their actions that I can't recommend it to fans of the original show.
CANTERBURY are poised to officially release centre Tim Lafai from the final two years of their NRL contract as the club prepares for the arrival of Will Hopoate.
Despite being under contract until the end of 2017, the Bulldogs and Lafai's management have been deep in discussions all week, trying to broker a release as Des Hasler attempts to make way for Hopoate.
Foxsports.com.au understands the Bulldogs are working through the final details of the release with paperwork expected to be finalised by Friday afternoon.
There has been no shortage of interest in the 24-year-old who is currently weighing up their options.
HOPPA EXPECTED TO ANNOUNCE DOGS DEAL
HOW DOMINOES FALL AFTER HOPPA MOVE
Tim Lafai of the Bulldogs runs into Bryson Goodwin. Source: News Corp Australia
Gold Coast, Newcastle, Cronulla, St George Illawarra, Parramatta and Melbourne all have a vacant place in their top-tier backline for the taking.
The Sharks have been keeping a close eye on quality centres, while Penrith is the latest club to have entered the race for Lafai's prized signature.
———————————————————————————————————————
NRL Summer Series begins next Tuesday night with a one-hour special presentation.
Greg Alexander, Braith Anasta and Michael Ennis decide on Fox Sports' Team of the Year of 2015. Hosted by Andrew Voss — Tuesday, 8:30pm, Fox Sports 501.
———————————————————————————————————————
We can reveal the Titans have already reached out to Lafai through coach Neil Henry who is eager to add more punch to their backline.
Whether Lafai and their partner, who are expecting a child in May, would want to leave Sydney is yet to be determined but the Panthers could offer Lafai a more than suitable home should they want to stay in New South Wales.
The Panthers are still on the lookout for a player to replace Jamal Idris after they were released from their deal earlier in the year.
Foxsports.com.au contacted Lafai's management on Friday morning but they declined to comment.
Meanwhile there are rumblings around Belmore that Hopoate could join the club as soon as this week with Hasler eager to get Hopoate integrated into training.
While Hopoate remains locked in a legal battle with their former club Parramatta over an unregistered contract their management believe should be paid, the NSW Origin winger won't be at the Eels next season.
Hopoate is believed to have agreed to a deal with the Bulldogs in principle with only minor details to be finalised.
Two of the offending swears.
If you were hoping to hit a comics shop today to pick up the latest issue of Frank Miller and Jim Lee's All Star Batman and Robin the Boy Wonder series (#10), you're in for a disappointment: Due to an unfortunate printing mistake that left all the comic book's censored profanities visible through black bars, DC Comics has ordered a recall of the entire run. Though previous issues of the series have included the same trick — bits of lettering stick out from behind the bars, giving the reader a hint of what is actually being said — the tactic backfired this time around due to some unforeseen production problem. The hilarious result? A comic book in which the c-word is dropped several times, and exclamations such as “This here arcade belongs to the fucking Batgirl!” are completely legible. Check out the slideshow below to see for yourself.
Since the comic was shipped out to stores across the country, the issues are in circulation despite DC's recall, meaning that the offending pages have turned up online, and unreturned copies will no doubt be sold at a premium as collector's items in shops and online auctions. So, you know, if you're in the market for a comic that leaves absolutely nothing to the imagination in terms of cartoon profanity, you'd better start haggling with your local comics retailer — just watch your language!
WASH YOUR MOUTH OUT WITH BATSOAP [Comic Book Resources]
All-Star Batman's bad language [Beat/PW]
Tough Love Tuesday Breaking News: Insufficient Censorship [Funnybook Babylon]
Related: What's Up With Batman's Voice in ‘The Dark Knight'? Isn't It Obvious?
How Will Christopher Nolan ‘Dark Knight'–ify the Stupider Batman Villains?
Chris Copeland is not going to turn Wally Pipp into a verb.
Even with Jeremy Lin running up and down the court last night at the Garden, serving a reminder that the highly improbable isn't impossible, there is no situation where Copeland is going to supplant Carmelo Anthony.
But, outside of a handful of Lin miscues, the 28-year-old rookie was one of the only reasons for the Garden to cheer in the Knicks' first home loss of the season, a 109-96 defeat to the Rockets.
Copeland had a career-high 29 points after a scoreless first half, along with five rebounds and two steals, in their second straight start in place of the injured All-Star.
“Copeland can score the ball. That's what they do,” Knicks coach Mike Woodson said. “I was happy for them because they were one of the bright spots in the game. The kid hadn't played a whole lot this year.”
The first-year forward led a short-lived third-quarter comeback with the Knicks trailing 56-46, after missing their only two first-half shots.
Playing with not so youthful exuberance, Copeland scored nine straight Knicks points to close the gap to 60-55 with 6:18 left in the quarter before the Rockets went on a 15-0 run.
Copeland finished the quarter with 11 points on 5-of-7 shooting.
“It was something I kind of took on myself,” they said of their second-half approach. “I wasn't aggressive in the first half and I was beating myself up honestly because I know that wasn't my game and I wanted to do the total opposite in the second half. The scoring, that's something I hang my hat on. I saw we were down and I was just trying to do what I could.”
Copeland, whose previous career high of 11 points came in Saturday's win over Cleveland, scored 18 in a garbage-time filled fourth quarter, finishing the game on 11-of-19 shooting with three 3-pointers.
A long shot to make the Knicks roster in training camp, Copeland came to New York after spending the previous six years bouncing around western Europe, most recently in Belgium.
They aren't overly impressed with their game, spending much of their time discussing their need to improve on defense and said that because nothing is guaranteed, in life or in their contract, they still have to work harder.
And though they hope for Lin's kind of success, they have no intentions of starring in a sequel to Linsanity. Even if such a thing were possible.
“I heard he's a great guy, I respect their story, but this is my own thing,” Copeland said. “I don't really look to them for anything, but I'm glad their story worked out for him. I'm going to try to do my own thing.”
howard.kussoy@nypost.com
A woman has been arrested and charged in connection with last week's stabbing in the city's Back Bay, police said.Police said they arrested Naomi Charles, 26, of Dorchester, and charged them with assault with the intent to murder in connection to the double-stabbing.The stabbing happened shortly after 2:30 p.m. Friday on Hereford Street between Newbury and Boylston streets.The victims, who are 18 and 19 years old, were taken to Massachusetts General Hospital and Boston Medical Center, police said.Witnesses said the stabbing followed a fight between two women."I mostly saw two girls who were fighting -- a normal girl fight, pulling hair and scratching," witness Ryan Palmer said.Police said the pair knew each other, and the fight is a culmination of an ongoing dispute. "A detail officer interceded, and attended to the victims. Two black females, one 18 and one 19, were stabbed," Boston Police Deputy Superintendent Bernie O'Rourk said Friday.10978732
A woman has been arrested and charged in connection with last week's stabbing in the city's Back Bay, police said.
Police said they arrested Naomi Charles, 26, of Dorchester, and charged them with assault with the intent to murder in connection to the double-stabbing.
Advertisement
The stabbing happened shortly after 2:30 p.m. Friday on Hereford Street between Newbury and Boylston streets.
The victims, who are 18 and 19 years old, were taken to Massachusetts General Hospital and Boston Medical Center, police said.
Witnesses said the stabbing followed a fight between two women.
"I mostly saw two girls who were fighting -- a normal girl fight, pulling hair and scratching," witness Ryan Palmer said.
Police said the pair knew each other, and the fight is a culmination of an ongoing dispute.
"A detail officer interceded, and attended to the victims. Two black females, one 18 and one 19, were stabbed," Boston Police Deputy Superintendent Bernie O'Rourk said Friday.
AlertMe
MNsure Board Chair Brian Beutner addresses the media in regards to PreferredOne dropping out of its exchange with MNsure CEO Scott Leitz standing by their side, Sept. 16, 2014 in St. Paul, Minn.
The insurer with the lowest rates and most customers on Minnesota's health care exchange is pulling out.
Golden Valley-based PreferredOne this morning confirmed its exit from MNsure. It comes as a major blow to the exchange — the next open enrollment period starts Nov. 15 and runs through Feb. 15.
MNsure officials said the online insurance exchange would reach out soon to PreferredOne customers who bought coverage through MNsure last year with information on next steps.
They said consumers still have at least four, well-known, Minnesota-based carriers "who are committed to providing important health coverage" to everyone, including people who qualify for tax credits and public programs.
"We encourage all Minnesotans, including those who are currently enrolled in a preferred one plan to come to MNsure to shop, to compare, to ensure that they're getting the best coverage for the lowest price," MNsure CEO Scott Leitz said.
PreferredOne spokesperson Steve Peterson told KSTP that continuing to offer insurance through MNsure is "not administratively and financially sustainable."
PreferredOne is owned by Fairview Health Services, North Memorial Health Care and PreferredOne Physician Associates.
According to a company statement, MNsure policies make up only a small percentage of PreferredOne's entire enrollment but take up a significant amount of resources to support.
PreferredOne had 59 percent of the individual market for MNsure enrollees as of Aug. 6.
Minnesotans currently enrolled in Preferred One are covered through their existing plan for the rest of 2014.
State law gives those consumers the right to renew their existing coverage for 2015. But the law doesn't guarantee it will be offered at the same price, MNsure noted.
Any PreferredOne customers who stay with the insurer will not be eligible for federal insurance subsidies because they are available only to people who enroll through MNsure.
PreferredOne's pullout quickly became a political issue Tuesday.
"Six out of 10 people who've purchased insurance through MNsure will now have to go through the nightmare process of purchasing another plan all over again, thanks to Mark Dayton," said Jeff Johnson, the GOP candidate for governor.
Minnesotans, they said, are "paying the price for Mark Dayton's incompetence."
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Related coverage:
• January 2014: Dayton takes responsibility for troubled rollout
• July 2014: GOP candidates for governor want MNsure changes
• August 2014: Health care success forces Uptown clinic to close
'Game of Thrones' stars Kit Harington and Rose Leslie are engaged
CLOSE Kit Harrington and Rose Leslie, who played Jon Snow and Ygritte on HBO's 'Game of Thrones', met on the set and fell in love both on and off screen. USA TODAY
Kit Harington and Rose Leslie, who played lovers in HBO's Game of Thrones, are taking the love plunge in real life.
The two are engaged to be married.
After People broke the news Tuesday quoting a source, the Times of London newspaper featured a tiny announcement under the "forthcoming marriages" section of great social importance.
The Harington, Leslie engagement announcement in the 'Times of London.' (Photo11: Times of London)
The formal post reads: “MR. K.C. HARINGTON AND MISS R.E. LESLIE. The engagement is announced between Kit, younger son of David and Deborah Harington of Worcestershire, and Rose, middle daughter of Sebastian and Candy Leslie of Aberdeenshire."
Kit Harington and Rose Leslie in a scene from "Game of Thrones." (Photo11: Helen Sloan, HBO)
The couple played onscreen lovers Jon Snow and Ygritte on Game of Thrones starting in 2012. Leslie left the cast two years later, Harington's fan-favorite Snow has appeared in seven seasons.
Harington and Leslie confirmed their real-life romance by appearing on the red carpet of Britain's Olivier Awards in April 2016, following widespread speculation about their romantic lives dating as far back as 2012.
"Game of Thrones" actors Kit Harington and Rose Leslie are engaged. (Photo11: Axelle/Bauer-Griffin)
They shared a quick kiss while walking down that carpet together — they in their dapper tuxedo and they in their Malene Oddershede Bach gold gown.
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2yslpr5
The thought of a driverless, computer-guided car transporting people where they want to go on demand is a futuristic notion to some.
To Jacob Roberts, podcars - or PRTs, for personal rapid transit - represent an important component in the here-and-now of transportation.
"It's time we design cities for the human, not for the automobile," said Roberts, president of Connect Ithaca, a group of planning and building professionals, activists and students committed to making this upstate New York college town the first podcar community in the United States.
"In the podcar ... it creates the perfect blend between the privacy and autonomy of the automobile with the public transportation aspect and, of course, it uses clean energy," Roberts said.
With the oil crisis reaching a zenith and federal lawmakers ready to begin fashioning a new national transportation bill for 2010, Roberts and their colleagues think the future is now for podcars - electric, automated, lightweight vehicles that ride on their own network separate from other traffic.
Unlike mass transit, podcars carry two to 10 passengers, giving travelers the freedom and privacy of their own car while reducing the use of fossil fuels, reducing traffic congestion and freeing up space now monopolized by parking.
At stations located every block or every half-mile, depending on the need, a rider enters a destination on a computerized pad, and a car would take the person nonstop to the location. Stations would have slanted pull-in bays so that some cars could stop for passengers, while others could continue unimpeded on the main course.
"It works almost like an elevator, but horizontally," said Roberts, adding podcar travel would be safer than automobile travel.
The podcar is not entirely new. A limited version with larger cars carrying up to 15 passengers was built in 1975 in Morgantown, W.Va., and still transports West Virginia University students.
Next year, Heathrow Airport outside London will unveil a pilot podcar system to ferry air travelers on the ground. Companies in Sweden, Poland and Korea are already operating full-scale test tracks to demonstrate the feasibility. Designers are planning a podcar network for Masdar City, outside Abu Dhabi, which is being built as the world's first zero-carbon, zero-waste city.
Meanwhile, more than a dozen cities in Sweden are planning podcar systems as part of the country's commitment to be fossil-fuel-free by 2020, said Hans Lindqvist, a councilman from Varmdo, Sweden, and chairperson of Kompass, an association of groups and municipalities behind the Swedish initiative.
"Today's transportation system is reaching a dead end," said Lindqvist, a former member of the European parliament.
Cars have dominated the cityscape for nearly a century, taking up valuable space while polluting the air, said Magnus Hunhammar, chief executive officer of the Stockholm-based Institute for Sustainable Transportation, the world's leading center on podcar technology.
"Something has to change," they said. "We aren't talking about replacing the automobile entirely. We are adding something else into the transportation strategy."
(Advanced Transport Systems Ltd.)
Skeptics, however, question whether podcars can ever be more than a novelty mode of transportation, suitable only for limited-area operations, such as airports, colleges and corporate campuses. Detractors, mainly light-rail advocates, say a podcar system would be too complex and expensive.
"It is operationally and economically unfeasible," said Vukan Vuchic, a professor of transportation and engineering at the University of Pennsylvania who has written several books on urban transportation.
"In the city, if you have that much demand, you could build these guideways and afford the millions it would take, but you wouldn't have capacity. In the suburbs, you would have capacity, but the demand would be so thin you couldn't possibly pay for those guideways, elevated stations, control systems and everything else," Vuchic said.
Podcars typically run on an elevated guideway or rails, but they also can run at street level. As a starting point, pilot podcar networks can be built along existing infrastructure, supporters say.
Ithaca Mayor Carol Peterson said a podcar network could be part of their upstate city's long-range transportation plans and its mission of developing urban neighborhoods that are environmentally sustainable and pedestrian-friendly. Ithaca has a long history of progressive achievements - this summer, it began the first community-wide car sharing program in upstate New York.
In Ithaca, a network could connect the downtown business district and main business boulevard with the campuses of Cornell University and Ithaca College, which sit on hillsides flanking the city. When the two colleges are in session, Ithaca's population balloons from about 30,000 to about 80,000, causing big-city congestion on the city's roads.
Santa Cruz, Calif., recently hired a contractor to design a small solar-powered podcar system that would loop through the city's downtown and along its beach front.
The Institute for Sustainable Transportation predicts a podcar system will be installed in an American city within the next five years, although it is likely to cost tens of millions of dollars. Because of the huge initial investment, funding would have to come from both public and private sectors, IST officials said.
The capital cost is about $25 million to $40 million per mile, which includes guideways, vehicles and stations, compared with $100 million to $300 million a mile for light-rail or subway systems, according to the IST.
Although the plan for Ithaca is only in the conceptual stages, Roberts sees the city as a logical place for the country's first community-wide podcar network, noting that construction of the Erie Canal across upstate New York in the early 1800s revolutionized commercial transportation in a young America.
"Buffalo, Rochester, Syracuse, Albany are connected along a single line, the Erie Canal. Now, they are connected by the (New York State) Thruway. It would be easy to adapt. You could have a high-speed rail line, or even buses, deliver travelers to the podcar stations, and the podcars take them wherever they want to go in the city," they said.
But podcar developers say they have overcome most technological obstacles and now must overcome the political and cultural barriers that lie ahead, equating it to the mind-set revolution that occurred when Americans hitched up their horses for good to become a nation of motorists.
"We are introducing an alternative to the automobile for the first time in 100 years," said Christopher Perkins, chief executive officer of Unimodal Transport Solutions, a California company that builds podcars that operate on magnetic levitation instead of wheels.
"But if you look back 100 years, you saw that we made the transition from the horse to the car. I think we are ready to make another transition," they said.
For more information on Personal Rapid Transit (PRT) systems, visit the following Web sites:
"Podcar City: Ithaca" Sustainable Transportation Conference
Citizens For Personal Rapid Transit
Advanced Transport Systems Ltd. (U.K.)
Institute for Sustainable Transportation (Sweden) - English version
Unimodal Transport Solutions
By Associated Press Writer William Kates
cityscape Spacing Opens City Store
The cityscape magazine opens a design-focused shop in Toronto—and it's got streetcar pillows and buttons galore.
SHOW CAPTION  ✉ Share on:  338348 spacing 1 https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/spacing-1-100x100.jpg https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/spacing-1.jpg https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/spacing-1.jpg 1024 683 https://torontoist.com/2014/11/spacing-opens-city-store/slide/spacing-1/ spacing-1 0 0 338349 spacing2 https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/spacing2-100x100.jpg https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/spacing2.jpg https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/spacing2.jpg 1024 683 https://torontoist.com/2014/11/spacing-opens-city-store/slide/spacing2/ spacing2 0 0 338350 spacing3 https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/spacing3-100x100.jpg https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/spacing3.jpg https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/spacing3.jpg 1024 683 https://torontoist.com/2014/11/spacing-opens-city-store/slide/spacing3/ spacing3 0 0 338351 spacing4 https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/spacing4-100x100.jpg https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/spacing4.jpg https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/spacing4.jpg 1024 683 https://torontoist.com/2014/11/spacing-opens-city-store/slide/spacing4/ spacing4 0 0 338357 spacing10 https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/spacing10-100x100.jpg https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/spacing10.jpg https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/spacing10.jpg 1024 683 https://torontoist.com/2014/11/spacing-opens-city-store/slide/spacing10/ spacing10 0 0 338352 spacing5 https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/spacing5-100x100.jpg https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/spacing5.jpg https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/spacing5.jpg 1024 683 https://torontoist.com/2014/11/spacing-opens-city-store/slide/spacing5/ spacing5 0 0 338353 spacing6 https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/spacing6-100x100.jpg https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/spacing6.jpg https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/spacing6.jpg 1024 683 https://torontoist.com/2014/11/spacing-opens-city-store/slide/spacing6/ spacing6 0 0
338355 spacing8 https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/spacing8-100x100.jpg https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/spacing8.jpg https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/spacing8.jpg 1024 683 https://torontoist.com/2014/11/spacing-opens-city-store/slide/spacing8/ spacing8 0 0 338358 spacing11 https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/spacing11-100x100.jpg https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/spacing11.jpg https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/spacing11.jpg 1024 683 https://torontoist.com/2014/11/spacing-opens-city-store/slide/spacing11/ spacing11 0 0 338359 spacing12 https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/spacing12-100x100.jpg https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/spacing12.jpg https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/spacing12.jpg 1024 683 https://torontoist.com/2014/11/spacing-opens-city-store/slide/spacing12/ spacing12 0 0 338360 spacing13 https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/spacing13-100x100.jpg https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/spacing13.jpg https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/spacing13.jpg 1024 683 https://torontoist.com/2014/11/spacing-opens-city-store/slide/spacing13/ spacing13 0 0 338361 spacing14 https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/spacing14-100x100.jpg https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/spacing14.jpg https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/spacing14.jpg 1024 683 https://torontoist.com/2014/11/spacing-opens-city-store/slide/spacing14/ spacing14 0 0 338356 spacing9 https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/spacing9-100x100.jpg https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/spacing9.jpg https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/spacing9.jpg 1024 683 https://torontoist.com/2014/11/spacing-opens-city-store/slide/spacing9/ spacing9 0 0
Spacing, the Canadian magazine that celebrates our cities, is extending its retail reach, opening a bricks-and-mortar store at 401 Richmond. The new shop features a vast and varied book selection, Toronto-centric clothing and housewares, and locally made goods.
The magazine has been selling some of these goods from its online store for the past year and a half, but most of the in-store offerings are new, crafted by artists that Spacing has sought out, or vice versa. Here, you'll find products that are well-designed—nothing turned out on a conveyer belt. The plan is to keep the selection fresh by having new items—by local artists—constantly rotated into and out of the shop.
Spacing's publisher, Matthew Blackett, says that the shop caters to Toronto's local pride. “I think what we were missing in this city was a city store that's just dedicated to Toronto,” they say. “Specifically to urban issues—or urban topics that are related to urbanism—and living in the city.” Michael Bulko, Spacing's director of retail, echoes this sentiment. “A lot of big cities around the world all have city stores—New York City Store, London Underground Museum, even Detroit…” they say, “and Toronto doesn't have anything.”
The shop's aesthetic is smart and clean. Most impressive is the book selection—arranged by the front door, in the shop's reading nook—which includes works by celebrated urban planner Jane Jacobs and Mark Osbaldeston, author of Unbuilt Toronto. Moving further into the shop, you'll find hand-printed streetcar pillows, repurposed metal sculptures, and too many buttons to count.
The shop's varied selection owes itself to Spacing's wide readership base. “We tried to get beyond the normal merchandise—posters, T-shirts, and stuff like that,” Bulko says. They point at a collection of candles sitting in the shop window. “We have candles by a company called Smells Like Canada. They do two Toronto [scents], Toronto Smoke and Hogtown Peameal. You don't have to be a transit geek or hardcore cyclist to want a candle that smells like bacon.”
The Linux Mint team has ended 2014 in force with a great Linux Mint 17.1 "Rebecca" release, for both the MATE and Cinnamon desktop, but it looks like the Debian edition is also going to be interesting.
Linux Mint distros are based on Ubuntu and that is not changing any time soon, but that doesn't stop the development team from exploring other variants, like Debian. As you all well know, Ubuntu is based on Debian, so it wouldn't be too much of a stretch.
On the other hand, Ubuntu provides a certain predictability that is lacking for the Debian counterpart. The Linux Mint developers can program their releases according to a precise Ubuntu schedule and that is always an advantage. In any case, a new Linux Mint Debian edition is in the works and it should arrive pretty soon.
"The decision was made to use GTK 3.14 in LMDE 2 'Betsy' (the same version as in Debian Jessie). Themes and parts of Cinnamon will be adapted to work properly with it. The decision to switch to systemd or to continue to use sysvinit was not taken yet," wrote Clement Lefebvre a while ago.
You can also see that the decision to adopt systemd hasn't been taken yet, so that will be a very interesting topic. Until then, you can download Linux Mint 17.1 from Softpedia and give them a spin, if you haven't done so already.
It looks like T-Mobile is getting ready to make some changes to their unlimited data hotspot bundles. The details are coming by way of some leaked screenshots and although the details suggest the changes should already be in effect, there are some mixed reports in terms of availability. That being said, it looks like the carrier has bumped the hotspot allowances for those using an unlimited data plan.
These plans once began with 500MB of mobile hotspot for $20. Thanks to the bump coming from T-Mobile, the new setup will have the $20 plan jump to 2.5GB of mobile hotspot data. This 2.5GB option was previously priced at $30 per month. Otherwise, rounding out these new options and we see a $30 level with 4.5GB and a $40 level with 6.5GB.
Moving forward it looks like current customers with these plans will be seeing some change. According to details coming from this leak, 500MB customers will receive a notification when they “get close to the 500MB tethering limit.” From here they will be updated to the new 2.5GB option upon request.
Those using the 2.5GB or 4.5GB hotspot option will also be getting an increase in allowance. Except unlike the 500MB option which will need to be requested, T-Mobile will be automatically updating the 2.5GB and 4.5GB customers. Those with these plans will be updated to 4.5GB (from 2.5GB) and to 6.5GB (from 4.5GB) by September 14th.
Bottom line, moving forward T-Mobile will be offering 2.5GB, 4.5GB and 6.5GB options for mobile hotspost with unlimited data plans. There plans are $20, $30 and $40 per month respectively and serve to replace the previous three options of 500MB, 2.5GB and 4.5GB.
SOURCE: TmoNews
What a lot of drivel is being spoken about this ‘third' Iraq war.
Are we seeking to kid ourselves on the issue or do we genuinely believe this nonsense? Am not sure which would scare me more.
The West – mainly us and the US – have been at war in Iraq, one way or another, non-stop since 1991.
Armaments applied, casualties tallied, year in, year out, purely as a matter of course.
At the end of what only knaves or fools consider the first Iraq war the West merely re-arranged pieces on the board and then pursued the ongoing conflict by other means.
From April 1991 US, British and French warplanes flew thousands of missions over several regions of the country in support of their self-proclaimed ‘no-fly zones' (which the then UN Secretary-General Boutros Boutros-Ghali eventually branded “illegal” ), all the way up to the ground invasion of 2003.
That these were an excuse for targeted military operations with a long view to an eventual ground attack is a subject of debate suitable for none but the partial or the pig-headed.
Iraqi jets and ground targets well outside these zones were engaged and destroyed, thousands of tonnes of bombs dropped (the Ministry of Defence later admitted in 2000 that in the previous 18 months alone British planes had dropped some 780 tonnes of ordnance on Iraq), unknown thousands of people killed...
“The Security Council never approved or in any way ratified these zones,” said Boutros Ghali.
At the same time a campaign of sanctions allegedly set up to punish Saddam Hussein, but in fact hitting the weakest and most vulnerable in Iraq, was ruthlessly enforced.
Drugs, medical and sanitation equipment – vital, after damage done to infrastructure during the earlier ‘public' bombardment – all fell foul of this regime. By 1999, Unicef estimated, this resulted in the deaths of around 1m Iraqis – 500,000 of them children.
Right until the 2003 Blair-Bush escalation we bombed and throttled Iraq, including, in September 2002, a 100-plane raid on air defences far beyond the ‘no-fly zones'.
The West ‘departed', Iraq so the current myth runs, in 2011. They left behind a proxy army fighting a sectarian conflict which we started in support of a puppet government that we installed.
Third? This is one war. One with no end in sight.
Vice president of iTunes International says company is getting ‘a lot of feedback' about streaming service and ‘trying to make it better every day'
Apple has “a bit of homework to be done” to improve its Apple Music streaming service, the company's international iTunes boss has said.
Apple Music launched in June as a rival to Spotify and while it has been praised for its curated playlists it has been criticised over its user interface and bugs affecting people's existing iTunes libraries.
“There's a lot of work going into making the product better. Our focus is on editorial and playlists, and obviously we have teams all around the world working on that, but we're also adding features and cleaning up certain things,” Oliver Schusser, vice president, iTunes International, told the Guardian.
Apple Music interview: 'Algorithms can't do it alone – you need a human touch' Read more
“Apple Music Connect is growing big-time with more and more artists connecting to their fans, but we still have a bit of homework to be done for the rest of the year.”
Asked about criticisms of Apple Music's usability – which has seen users complaining of corrupted libraries and unintuitive interfaces – Schusser said: “The product is always our priority, and we are getting a lot of feedback. Remember, this was a very big launch in 110 markets instantly, so we get a ton of feedback. We're obviously trying to make it better every day.” they said.
Schusser confirmed that Apple Music will launch for Android devices and Sonos-connected hi-fis “in the fall”, adding that “we still have some work to do there, but that's coming”.
Apple said, in early August, that it had signed up 11 million people for Apple Music's three-month free trial, which started on 30 June. At the end of September, the earliest adopters will be deciding whether to start paying at least $9.99 a month for the service.
Apple is launching a new advertising campaign to promote Apple Music and attract more trial members, with the company's annual September music festival in London – renamed the Apple Music Festival – also playing a key role.
Ten gigs with headliners including One Direction, Pharrell Williams and the Chemical Brothers will be broadcast live on Beats 1, Apple Music's radio station, as well as having video streamed to iOS devices, iTunes and Apple TV.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Apple Music has won praise for its curation, but criticism for its interface.
Schusser hopes the festival and ads will attract people who are new to streaming music. “Streaming still needs a lot of education in the market,” they said.
“We have more of a worldwide view: the UK is a little more educated than other markets, but nothing like the places where streaming is already the number one way to consume music.”
Industry observers have been picking over the 11m figure, with the claim by one analyst that 48% of those people had already stopped using Apple Music contradicted by Apple, which said the true figure was only 21%. Schusser declined to speculate on the progress so far.
“Our focus is more on the product than anything else: we spend most of our energy on that,” they said. “That's more our priority than checking every hour the amount of people who have signed up. We have more of a long-term perspective on this.”
Music labels and artists, too, are trying to gauge what Apple Music and streaming more generally means for their income.
Apple employee Dr Dre's recent Compton: A Soundtrack album has become a focus in that debate, having been streamed 25m times in its first week, but also selling nearly 500k iTunes downloads in that time.
“If you follow the industry and look at the numbers, the download business has been really, really healthy. iTunes is a big part of our business, still, and will continue to be, so we focus just as much time and energy on maintaining that, editorially and working on features,” said Schusser.
“That [Compton] is a really good example of how streaming and downloads can be successful side-by-side. What we've proven is that when there's great content, customers will buy as well as listen.”
Spotify has six years of my music data, but does it understand my tastes? Read more
A a growing battleground between Apple, Spotify, Google Play and other streaming services – and one Apple Music has won plaudits for – is playlists compiled to help listeners discover new music.
Independent research from music industry site Record of the Day in March revealed that 51% of tracks on Spotify's most prominent playlists came from indie labels, as opposed to just 6% of the most-played tracks on Radio 1 in 2014.
However, indie labels fear that as playlists grow in prominence, their major rivals will put pressure on the streaming services to tilt the balance back towards their artists. Schusser said Apple is determined to ensure indies get a fair crack of the whip on Apple Music, however.
“We like independent artists as well as major-label artists. Small as well as big artists,” they said. “If you listen to Beats 1 and do the maths in terms of major-label artists versus independent artists, it's the place you discover new music from any label.”
Well, I'm willing to consider other options, but the "good enough" comparison you're making isn't an equivalent comparison.
Speed is the goal. There is no way we can rent a server with the specifications I'm looking for.
I'm still rearranging items to fit under budget (would rather have $6000 for a 4 socket, 48 core machine), but the current specs look like this:
16 cores at 2.8 GHz -- we need massive threading to compile all the PC/Linux/Mac flavors quickly.
64G Ram -- gitian deterministic builds need lots of room. I want more, but am I having to compromise.
2TB SSD -- Lots of very fast I/O for above. 1TB OS/Userland (low wear), 1TB compile (high wear) - the Samsung 850 Pro's I'm looking at are rated very well and are a fantastic value for the money. -- I'll probably shrink these in lieu of ram after gitian profiling.
12TB Disk -- Lots of space for backing up every service we have and storing every compiled artifact for ipfs (internal) distribution. Am I looking at WD Gold 6TB's.
I do agree we could do it cheaper, but only by compromising attributes I wish to build upon.
Click to expand...
A few months ago a local tea friend Zach and myself went to the Dayi store in Shum Shui Po to try a few teas. I also brought two things along for this tasting:
Now at first glance this may look like a Gold Dayi on the right and the Huangjin Suiyue on the left – except these two are both fakes I bought from Taobao, deliberately, so that we can check out what fake teas are made of these days.
Those who are wrapperologists can tell you right away that the left side one is fake – because the real one has gold words that are shiny, while this one's words in the center are not. The right side one though, at least looking at a picture like this, isn't nearly as obvious. In fact, when we put it against the real deal at the Dayi store, it's not immediately clear which one is real – the real one is a little brighter in colour, but this isn't the sort of thing you'd notice unless you put a real and a fake side by side.
However, one thing was obvious:
The real cake was a lot bigger than the fake one – and in fact, if you weigh the fake one, it only came in at 330g or so. For an older cake this is entirely possible – shrinkage happens a little, and also bits and pieces breaking off the edge. For a newish cake like this though, being off by 30g is not possible.
The back looked ok – might look a little iffy for the wrapperologists out there, but once again, not screaming fake:
Put under a black light, the label doesn't exactly pass the test:
There's a bit of that neon glow, but compared to the real thing, it's obvious this is a fake
You can't do any of these unless you already paid for the fake though, so obviously, don't buy Dayi from Taobao that are obviously too cheap to be true.
The cakes themselves also look markedly different once unwrapped. The fake/real differences are obvious.
The taste, I have to say, was no contest. This isn't 2004, when it was more profitable to sell decent teas under the Dayi label than your own. These days if you have decent tea, selling under your own label probably would get you more money than trying to fake the difficult-to-replicate packaging that Dayi uses. Back in the day if you were a no-name brand, you'll have trouble moving your tea for 30 RMB a cake. These days, if you have a nice story, you can easily sell it for hundreds of RMB a cake without the trouble of faking. So, nobody does it with nice tea anymore. Instead, you get crap – which is exactly what these two fake cakes were.
The story was similar for the Huangjin suiyue, so I won't repeat the same slew of pictures – we also didn't take as many of that one because it was an even lower quality fake that didn't really pass muster once you hold it in your hands. The Gold Dayi you have to do some comparison to be sure the fake is, well, a fake. Until you open the wrapper, anyway, then the dust and the terrible compression will tell you all you need to know.
DETROIT - A new bar in Detroit's Corktown is not taking bad reviews very lightly.
In response to a review posted earlier this week to the Red Corridor Bar Facebook page, the bar rated a customer "zero stars."
Here's what the customer review says:
I got a Groupon to go to this place, I thought it would be cool to check out a new place next to Bobcat Bonnie's that we love. This place made me feel very weird. The menu that had a lot of funny/strange names, but tried real hard to be cool at the same time featuring a basic bitch salad, then happy hour menu for bitches and corktown special drink also for bitches? Im not getting why they are so obsessed with that one word. Also theres a sticker saying: "because fuck you, thats why" i guess i am just not getting this humor? The food was awful, cheap freezer food sold as fresh, based on prices anyways, glasses were nasty and sticky... I hate to say that, but I will never come back to this place again.
Here's the response from the bar:
As a customer, we rate you zero stars. We find your lack of a sense of humor to be absurd and boring. Your taste is obviously lacking as you do not know a great atmosphere when you see one. You find it funny/strange that your glass was "sticky" because glasses are inspected twice, but may have become "sticky" when a beverage was poured into it. Again, zero stars. Lackluster performance. Poor taste.
The bar opened in 2016, in place of Casey's Pub, or as it was known by its nickname, "Hoffa's Hideout."
Copyright 2017 by WDIV ClickOnDetroit - All rights reserved.
--New foreclosures rise 21% from the previous quarter
--High level of foreclosures likely to continue at elevated level, official says
--Number of completed foreclosures expected to rise, official says
(Updates with new details in the first paragraph, adds OCC comment in the fourth and penultimate paragraphs.)
WASHINGTON -(MarketWatch)- Newly initiated foreclosures in the U.S. jumped in the third quarter of the year and are expected to remain at a high level for the "foreseeable future," a U.S. bank regulator said Wednesday.
The number of new foreclosures increased by 21.1% during the third quarter, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency said in a report.
The rise follows an end to voluntary freezes on foreclosures started in late 2010 by mortgage servicers, the OCC said. There were 347,726 newly initiated foreclosures during the July to September period. Nearly 1.33 million foreclosures were in process at the end of the quarter; 172,785 home forfeitures were completed.
"With this continued high level of seriously delinquent mortgages out there we will continue to see a high level of new foreclosure starts and at some point in the relatively near future we can expect to see the number of competed foreclosure sales...starting to pick up and increase," Bruce Krueger, lead mortgage expert at the OCC, said on a conference call with reporters.
While foreclosures climbed, the report showed that the overall quality of mortgages in the U.S. was little changed from the prior quarter, an indication that the market may be stabilizing, albeit with an elevated level of delinquencies.
The percentage of current and performing loans decreased by 0.1 percentage point from the previous quarter, to 88% of the overall portfolio examined by the OCC.
The portfolio comprises 62% of all mortgages outstanding in the U.S., or 32.4 million loans totaling $5.6 trillion in principal balances.
The percentage of mortgages that were 30 to 59 days delinquent was unchanged from the previous quarter, remaining at 3% of the overall portfolio, the OCC said.
The percentage of seriously delinquent mortgages, a category that includes mortgages that are 60 or more days delinquent, held steady at 4.9% of the portfolio.
Mortgage servicers, meanwhile, in many instances looked to avoid taking possession of a mortgaged property, the report said.
"Servicers continued to emphasize alternatives to foreclosure during the third quarter, initiating more than two-and-a-half times as many new home retention actions--loan modifications, trial-period plans, and payment plans--as completed foreclosures, short sales, and deed-in-lieu-of-foreclosure transactions," the report said.
Mortgage servicers implemented 458,899 new home retention actions during the quarter, the OCC said.
Still, the overall number of modifications was little changed from the previous quarter. The Home Affordable Modification Program, the Obama administration's signature loan-modification program, saw modifications drop by 23%, to 53,941.
Krueger said HAMP is a good program but fewer and fewer borrowers are able to qualify for its strict criteria.
During the past five quarters, servicers initiated more than 2.4 million home retention actions--889,990 modifications, 809,658 trial-period plans and 717,635 payment plans, the OCC said.
Consensus Systems (ConsenSys), the New York City-based blockchain venture production studio, plans to move its Ujo Music rights management and royalty payments platform into closed beta mode during 1Q 2017, according to Jesse Grushack, a ConsenSys Director and Ujo product lead.
The Ujo Music "open music" platform is designed to concentrate artists' identities and businesses within artist-owned websites, where their content is marketed, royalty shares quickly distributed via digital currency - and traditional industry entanglements avoided.
Grushack made it clear that they see Ujo Music as the ConsenSys stake-in-the-ground for technology innovation, related investment and collaboration, and in entrepreneurship tied to industries producing creative content.
Grushack told Bitcoin Magazine that the closed beta is likely to admit only digital-music producers, initially. Ujo is now at proof of concept stage.
Roughly six months ago, Grushack said, they and their colleagues began a series of "deep dives into the music industry."
When they came up for air, they realized that while it would be tough to remedy music industry problems that result from power-jockeying, regulatory and policy impediments, and other factors, they had at least one clean shot on goal: "We realized we could remove the majority of the administrative burden behind a lot of this stuff, shorten the payments process, and make music more open and licensable."
Grushack said they no longer thinks mainly of "disrupting" the music industry because they realize "a lot of times music labels still have an important role to play, as in artist management."
Equally important, they said, is achieving "a delicate balance while trying to simply shift the music industry," and awaken labels and others to ways blockchain infrastructure and tools can help them dramatically expand the numbers of artists they can reach internationally, and to sources of revenue beyond radio and television.
Veterans of the U.S. industry, in particular, are likely to be galvanized when they experience how Bitcoin and blockchain allow them, for example, to reach out to other parties in Australia and "absolutely trust their access," they added.
"All of this is still basically really young, and I think we really have a lot of learning and a lot of testing to see what really works in this space," they emphasized. As was true in the early days of the internet, they said, there are still many tools to be built.
Nonetheless, they said it's good to keep in mind that the Ethereum platform, upon which ConsenSys is builtis still very young, although its progress over the past 18 months has been fierce.
The steady flow of new offerings suggest blockchain-adoption momentum is growing in the music sector, they said, citing as an example the recent announcement of the Berlin-based blockchain-enabled collaborative called Resonate , a stream-to-own entry.
Moreover, they said, it was just a year ago that the Ujo team employed its then-prototype platform to support U.K.-based singer-songwriter, Imogen Heap, in the release of their single, Tiny Humans , on the Ethereum blockchain. Users bought licenses to download, stream, remix and sync the song. Payments were automatically split on the blockchain and sent directly to all who collaborated with Heap.
Through its tech studio operation, ConsenSys builds decentralized applications and developer and end user components deemed essential for services and business models that are destined for the blockchain. In its venture role, the company aims to serve as a "hub" organization. Its roadmap features 13 "spoke" pathways or domains, within which it creates, acquires, invests in and otherwise collaborates for development and advancement of related blockchain initiatives.
ConsenSys announced on November 1 that SingularDTV has adopted its uPort application , which features a self-sovereign identity and key management system built on the Ethereum blockchain and includes a mobile app, Ethereum smart contracts and open source libraries.
The brand "Ujo" is derived from an Esperanto expression for "container," and was chosen to suggest the infrastructure, assets and security of the blockchain-based offering, Grushack explained.
Blokur
A year ago, Bitcoin Magazine listed PeerTracks and Bittunes, as well as Ujo, as blockchain startups intent on enabling performing artists and others to have a freer hand in safeguarding and commercializing their assets, while speeding up payments to all who have rights to proceeds.
That same story included comments from founding Ujo team member, Phil Barry , a legacy industry veteran who played an instrumental role in advancing Ujo Music to prototype, but then exited that team early this year.
Barry subsequently established Blokur , headquartered in the London area.
Reached for comment today, Barry said Blokur remains generally in "stealth" mode and is not likely to be more visible until 2017. The Blokur domain was created in February, according to WhoIs.
Barry explained they began working on the Blokur business in earnest a few months ago. They said their team includes legacy industry veterans and outside advisors. The advisors include, for example, a former Performing Rights Organization ( PRO ) executive, they confirmed.
"We are working at the moment with some of the big music companies and big music services on pilot projects," they said.
They characterized their early work on Ujo as yielding "a very useful tool to get feedback from the the music industry about what blockchain might look like" in the music context.
Asked their view of the legacy music industry's posture regarding blockchain adoption and new business and operating models, Barry said they see "growing appreciation that this technology could solve real problems in the music industry and that those problems are universally understood to be big enough to invest in" to create remedies.
Barry noted that many individuals within the legacy industry are personally very interested in blockchain, but are also extremely cautious not to associate publicly their employers' brands with their personal exploration of the matter.
"It's fair to say that, at this stage, many people don't have a deep understanding of how blockchain technology works and how it will provide the value." So, they said, the job is to "prove to them that it has value, rather than talking to them about blockchain technology, which, at the end of the day, is just a tool, just a technology."
Former Atalanta defender and new Leicester City signing Yohan Benalouane has said that they rejected offers from both Inter and Roma and that they are happy to now be playing in the Premier League.
The Tunisian was a part of a defence that helped La Dea survive relegation last season with the Nerazzurri finishing 17th in Serie A.
“I am very pleased to discover another country,” a delighted Benalouane told Tuttomercatoweb.
“I am happy to have the opportunity to learn another language and I will experience new things and be very positive.”
The 28 year-old was also asked about clubs they could have previously joined saying they rejected an offer from Fulham two years ago.
“It's true, I could already have been in London, but the deal came from Claudio Ranieri, they wanted to do it.
“The negotiation then went on between the clubs and I am here today.
“Inter? Yes, I had an offer. Also from Roma. I did not put any pressure on the club [Atalanta] as it happened in January and we were trying to avoid relegation.
“For me it was more important to help the team survive and then evaluate my options for the future. I did not want to end my relationship with Atalanta on a sour note.”
Finally Benalouane was quizzed about what challenges they may face in the Premier League.
“Here they mark man to man. I'll have to deal with very strong strikers and to deal with them it is important they know you're strong physically.
“The pace is very high. I will have to acclimatise quickly and adapt myself to this new league and way of playing.
“I'm a little behind with my fitness but if I play I will have no problems. I had started my pre-season with the Nerazzurri later, but I will try to give my all.”
High oil prices, energy security fears and the potentially devastating effects of climate change have prompted the U.S. government to again explore the idea of placing millions of solar panels in orbit to beam immense amounts of clean power back to Earth. Seriously. An agency called the National Security Space Office, which reports to the U.S. Department of Defence, released a feasibility study last week recommending that "space-based solar power," an idea first proposed in the U.S. some 40 years ago, be pursued in the name of national security.
The sun, after all, shines more strongly and for 24 hours a day in space, outside the filters of Earth's clouds and its relatively dirty atmosphere. There are also few real-estate problems up there, fewer people to complain and the potential of having a fuelling post for Richard Branson and other private space travellers. According to the study, the energy collected would be electromagnetically beamed back to Earth and connected to the electrical grid, or used in the manufacture of synthetic fuels. It even suggests that weaker beams could be directed at individual households. Seriously.
Article Continued Below
"A single kilometre-wide band of geosynchronous Earth orbit experiences enough solar flux in one year to nearly equal the amount of energy contained within all known recoverable conventional oil reserves on Earth today," the study states. "There is enormous potential for energy security, economic development, improved environmental flight attendantship, advancement of general space faring, and overall national security for those nations who construct and possess (the) capability." It also says that Canada, among others, has expressed interest in such a project. Again, the discussion has come up before. NASA and the U.S. Department of Defence have together spent about $80 million (U.S.) over the last three decades studying the idea. Seems like decent money, until you see that the U.S. government has spent about $21 billion over 50 years on that elusive energy utopia called nuclear fusion. Perhaps it is time to give space-based solar power another look, given that such a system might already exist today had it received the money dumped into fusion. Oil has surged past $80 a barrel and there's a desperate need for low- or zero-carbon energy sources. Lob a few bombs at Iran and the situation gets worse, not better. On the positive side, technology has advanced significantly over the past four years.
"While significant technical challenges remain, space-based solar power is more technically executable than ever before and current technological vectors promise to further improve its viability," according to the study. "A government-led proof-of-concept demonstration could serve to catalyze commercial sector development." The recommendation is that a co-ordinated national program be created with "high-level leadership" and financial resources "at least" on level with nuclear fusion research or construction of an international space station. It's proposing a 10-megawatt pilot plant that would beam a continuous flow of solar electricity back to Earth.
Article Continued Below
Not to say the barriers, mostly economic, aren't huge. It costs dearly to rocket the materials into space that would be required to build the solar panels and associated equipment. Would the fuel and related greenhouse gas emissions resulting from such frequent launches undermine the "clean" logic of space-based solar power? If one considers that the Internet started this way, as did the Global Positioning System, it's not a stretch to see orbital solar power plants becoming a serious commercial venture. Tyler Hamilton's Clean Break appears Mondays. You may email them at thamilt@thestar.ca
As the water receded from Houston and relief efforts started to reach the coast of Texas, the news arrived that Lori's Book Nook in the city of Rockport, Tex., was destroyed during Hurricane Harvey.
“The roof blew off and other parts caved in on the building, so the contents of the bookstore are pretty much gone,” said Lori Koviac, who co-owns the business with their mother, Darlene Varner. "Books do not do well in the rain." Koviac, who hopes to re-open the store, said such an effort will "take quite a bit of time."
Lori's Book Nook, which sells new and used titles, has been in business for 14 years. Koviac, who's been living in a hotel for days, said the "small, family-run" store doesn't have the funds to re-purchase all of its stock. "We are hoping to receive some book donations to help start us out,” they said, adding that "a small insurance policy" may be of some help.
Further along the coast, Paragraphs on Padre Boulevard in South Padre Island fared better. “Luckily, for us, Harvey made a jog to the north before landfall," said owner Julie Montover. "As Rockport and Corpus Christi were being pummeled, the sun began to shine on our island. So we only had a lot of wind and rain from the early bands. We are pretty much back to normal.”
In Houston, it was also back-to-business for many booksellers, whose the biggest concern was a lack of customers.
Several Houston bookstores are continuing to offer comfort in the form of free cookies and coffee. At the River Oaks Bookstore, in the eponymous neighborhood, lemon sandwich cookies were being served to the smattering of people shopping. Murder By the Book in the West University district offered chocolate and vanilla sandwich cookies. The store also had a pile of free-to-take paperbacks that were donated by the author Marina Lostetter, whose event at the store was cancelled because of the storm.
At Brazos Bookstore, also in the West University district, store manager Benjamin Rybeck noted that things were getting back to normal, but business was light. Rybeck said one customer, who had lost their home in the storm and was staying at a nearby shelter, was eager to restock their personal library. "The first thing they did was come here and buy a couple of books.”
In the Heights neighborhood of Houston, so known because of its relative elevation, The Lift bookstore is open after several days of clean-up. “I had put manure bags—yes, manure, which is what we could get—at the front and back doors," said owner Rhonda Rhodes. Although the bags kept much of the water out, leaks from the roof took their toll. "I'm still trying to determine exactly how much was ruined," they said. "It took a couple of days to get back to it, but we are open again.”
These fun Green Velvet Cake pops are perfect for St. Patrick's Day! These are festive, colorful and, most importantly, delicious. I made these with my green velvet cake recipe.
This is my final treat from the green velvet cake recipe is green velvet cake pops. Super cute! I think most people will be quiet surprised when they bite into the cake pop and see the vivid green color.
MY LATEST VIDEOS MY LATEST VIDEOS
Once you've made your green velvet cake, let it cool. I actually cooled mine and than wrapped it in plastic wrap and stored in the fridge for a day before making my cake pops. This was a nice way to break up the time it takes to make these. Cut your cake up, and either shred it with a fork or pop it into your food processor.
It only takes a couple of pulses and you have cake crumbs.
Even though I made homemade cream cheese frosting, I decided to use canned frosting in the cake pops. I didn't want to have to store them in the fridge, so shelf stable frosting made sense. I put a big scoop in (I always start out with a little bit and add in as needed, to make sure I don't over do it) and gave it a few more spins in the Cuisinart.
Now you will want to make your cake balls. You can use a scoop, though I just shape mine by hand.
At this point you can put them in the fridge for a bit, but I decided to just keep on working (gotta make the most of that precious nap time…). Next you will want to melt your chocolate (I like Merkens or Wilton). I always dip my sticks into chocolate…
thn I put the sticks into the cake balls, and let the chocolate set up.
After the chocolate sets up, I than dip the cake balls into the chocolate, and than cover with pretty pretty sprinkles! I love me some sprinkles.
I made both cake pops and cake balls – same thing, the only difference being the stick.
See my fancy cake pop stand? And here all I thought it was good for was draining water.
And now you have super cute green velvet cake pops and green velvet cake balls.
I found these cute little tins at Michaels for 49 cents. Add a bow and they are perfect to use to give your cake balls as a gift.
And a few more pics. I think these may be my favorite treat out of all of the green velvet recipes.
Certainly a super sweet St. Patrick's day treat!
Major players at Whistler are going flat out trying to kill a proposed four-season resort that would open a major ski hill 35 minutes closer to Vancouver.
Whistler Blackcomb, the resort municipality of Whistler, Tourism Whistler, the Whistler Chamber of Commerce and others are fiercely lobbying the province's environmental assessment office to reject the Garibaldi at Squamish proposal, arguing it's a poor area for skiing and would end up hurting the corridor's reputation. A decision is expected this fall.
They also say if the resort — proposed by the Aquilini Investment Group and Northland Properties, which developed Revelstoke Mountain Resort — gets the green light, it would siphon off Whistler-bound skiers.
The Whistler Chamber of Commerce and the Hotel Association of Whistler say the new resort, which would be northeast of Squamish on Mount Garibaldi's Brohm Ridge, would compete for employees, forcing Whistler businesses to raise salaries.
“The negative impacts of the federal government's changes in both the temporary foreign workers program and the working visa program have yet to be fully felt in the job market,” said Stephen Webb, hotel association chair and general manager of Hilton Whistler Resort and Spa, in a letter to the environmental assessment office. “Competition for the available labour will potentially result in much higher wage bills for all employers.”
However, Whistler's aggressive fight against the proposed resort may be starting to backfire, with Squamish residents — many of whom question Garibaldi at Squamish's viability — maintaining it's their decision to make and not Whistler's.
Last month, for example, Squamish Chief editor Christine Endicott wrote a column citing the economic benefits Garibaldi at Squamish could bring to their town — and essentially telling Whistler to butt out.
“After construction, about 2,500 full-time-equivalent jobs would remain, and the resort would bolster the tax base for all residents,” wrote Endicott. “This decision will be made by residents of Squamish and Squamish Nation. It should not be decided by people in Whistler, who have their own interests in mind.”
And while the district of Squamish also questions the validity of the project, former councillor Paul Lalli wrote a recent letter to the Chief saying Garibaldi at Squamish would provide a big boost to the town's tourism economy.
“I strongly believe that the decision on whether or not this all-season resort proceeds should be in the hands of the people of Squamish and the Squamish Nation.”
The $3.5-billion resort, which would be built on the rim of an ancient volcano, would include 124 ski runs on 668 hectares, three gondolas, 18 chairlifts and three on-mountain lodges. There would be three interconnected villages, with 5,723 housing and hotel units.
Whistler Mayor Nancy Wilhelm-Morden disputes the notion that it's an issue for Squamish only, arguing Garibaldi at Squamish would affect the entire corridor.
They also suggested that Garibaldi at Squamish is a real estate grab, and that Squamish should focus on projects such as its oceanfront development plan. “One of the things that the Sea to Sky Corridor doesn't have is the sea aspect of it.”
Despite the Greens and the Nick Xenophon Team promising to vote against it, a bill authorising a plebiscite on marriage equality will soon come before federal parliament. Whether a plebiscite happens or a parliamentary free vote takes place instead, the marriage equality debate is ramping up.
A core issue of that debate is the idea, propounded by those who support existing marriage laws, that amendments to the Marriage Act will presage an attack on religious freedom and people of faith in the Australian community. This could not be further from the truth. It is actually marriage inequality that threatens religious freedom.
Marriage equality is not a threat to religious freedom
The Australian Constitution says clearly that the federal parliament must not make any law “for prohibiting the free exercise of any religion”. The federal parliament simply does not have power to interfere improperly with religious freedom.
Section 47 of the Marriage Act currently says a minister of religion is not obliged to solemnise any marriage. This means that if a particular minister refuses to solemnise an interracial marriage, an interracial couple cannot sue for racial discrimination.
If a particular minister has a religious objection to divorcees remarrying, a divorcee seeking to remarry needs to find another minister or a civil celebrant. They cannot sue for discrimination.
Marriage equality advocates want to keep this section. If the Marriage Act is changed to allow same-sex marriages, ministers of religion will not be required to solemnise those marriages. And this section means a minister of religion cannot be sued for discrimination for refusing to solemnise a same-sex marriage.
Legal marriage equality is not an attempt at telling religious groups what they should or should not believe or who should be allowed to participate in their religious ceremonies.
Marriage inequality is a threat to religious freedom
What if a minister of religion actually wants to solemnise a same-sex marriage? What if their religion welcomes same-sex couples and believes same-sex couples can be properly married in the eyes of their God or Gods?
Such ministers and such religions exist in Australia. But the Marriage Act says those ministers of religion cannot solemnise those unions.
The Marriage Act does much more than deny legal recognition to same-sex unions. It makes it a crime for a person to purport to solemnise a marriage unless authorised to do so. Since Australia does not have marriage equality, no minister of religion is authorised to solemnise a same-sex marriage in Australia and purporting to do so is a crime.
The act also goes further and makes it a crime to hold a separate religious marriage ceremony unless the couple has first been legally married. Since being legally married is not possible for same-sex couples, it is a crime for a minister of religion to hold a non-legally binding religious marriage ceremony for a same-sex couple.
If an opposite-sex couple wants a religious marriage ceremony first and then a legal ceremony later, that is also a crime. It is the same with the situation where the couple does not want a legal ceremony because they are happy to be legally de factos.
The penalty is a A$500 fine or imprisonment for six months. Although there have been no cases of it happening, a minister of religion in Australia can be sent to prison simply for holding a religious marriage ceremony for a same-sex couple.
A constitutional challenge?
These crimes may well be unconstitutional. Making it a crime to have a religious marriage ceremony for a same-sex couple looks rather like prohibiting the free exercise of those religions that accept same-sex marriage.
Two High Court constitutional cases are relevant. In a case in 1912, the High Court held that compulsory military training for teenage boys did not prohibit the free exercise of religion even if a boy had religious objections to military training. The High Court said the training had “nothing at all to do with religion”. The boy remained free to practise their religion.
The situation with the Marriage Act crimes is different. A religious ceremony has everything to do with religion.
In the Jehovah's Witnesses case in 1943, the High Court held that the free exercise of religion was not absolute. It held that the Constitution did not protect activities seriously prejudicing the war effort even if performed in the exercise of some religion.
Again, the situation with the Marriage Act crimes is different. There is no justification for criminalising a harmless religious ceremony, which everyone knows has no legal effect, but which may have religious significance for the participants.
Ministers of religion who support marriage equality would be able to challenge the Marriage Act crimes in the High Court. They would stand a good chance of winning.
There are lots of reasons to support marriage equality. Religious freedom is one of them.
In Mississippi, House Bill 1523, also known as the Religious Liberty Accommodations Act, also known as the Protecting Freedom of Conscience from Government Discrimination Act, goes into effect this week. It explicitly legalizes discrimination if it is motivated by one of three beliefs: that marriage is a union between one man and one woman, that sexual relations can take place only within such a marriage, and that gender is an immutable biological characteristic. The law was passed last year and immediately blocked by a federal judge, but last week a circuit court reversed the ruling. Doctors, lawyers, and adoption agencies, among others, are now licensed to discriminate on the basis of sexual and gender identity.
Mississippi's is the harshest of a recent wave of so-called religious-freedom laws; its enactment is only the latest blow to the rights of L.G.B.T. Americans in what has felt like a year of injuries. In February, the Trump Administration rescinded protections allowing transgender students to use the bathrooms of their choice. In May, President Trump signed an executive order directing their Attorney General to support and defend religious-freedom laws like the one in Mississippi. In July, Trump tweeted out a ban on transgender service members. In September, the Justice Department filed a Supreme Court brief in support of a Colorado baker who refused to make a cake for a same-sex wedding. This month, Attorney General Jeff Sessions issued detailed guidelines based on Trump's religious-freedom executive order and, separately, instructed U.S. Attorneys to stop interpreting federal law as protecting transgender employees from discrimination on the basis of sex. This timeline is probably missing something; reversals in L.G.B.T. rights have been unremitting.
Less than a year ago—one week before the election—Trump unfurled a rainbow flag, albeit upside down, during a rally in Colorado. Someone had scribbled the words “LGBTs for Trump” on it. For much of their campaign, conventional wisdom held that Trump, the secular New Yorker that they are, would not pursue the anti-gay policies that their early supporter Sessions or their Vice-Presidential pick, Mike Pence, would advocate. But a strategy of homophobia has proved irresistible to Trump—and not just because of Pence and Sessions and the backing of the evangelical right. (“So many of them support what I do. They support me from the evangelical-Christian standpoint,” the President said in an interview last weekend with Mike Huckabee.)
In the nostalgic campaign that got them elected, Trump promised to take their voters back to an imaginary past in which they felt better, more secure, and generally more great than they do in the present. Nothing communicates Trump's commitment to the past as effectively as reversals of L.G.B.T. civil-rights progress—arguably the most rapid social change in American history. Supreme Court decisions in 2013 and 2015 granting equal status to same-sex marriages were rightly framed as breakthroughs: they had seemed nearly inconceivable just a few years earlier, a fantasy for some and a nightmare for others. It was inconceivable, too, that a Republican nominee for President would drape themselves in a rainbow flag. The beliefs that the Mississippi law frames as religious—that marriage is a straight institution, that all people are born male or female and stay that way—are, in fact, many Americans' intuition of the way things always were and should be. The appeal of anti-queer gestures goes beyond the hard evangelical right, and probably includes some people whose best friends are gay.
The appeal can get broader still. Several of the ongoing or upcoming L.G.B.T.-rights battles will concern children. They always do: anyone who has studied the history of homophobic campaigns, or lived through one, knows that, in the end, it's always about the children. Indeed, “Protect the Children” is the battle cry of xenophobes of all stripes, but this call carries particular potency in matters of sex and gender.
Going back forty years, the first backlash effort against the gay movement in this country—Anita Bryant's “Save Our Children” campaign, which began in 1977 to oppose an anti-discrimination ordinance in Miami—trafficked in images of homosexual recruitment and child molestation. A decade later, following a campaign of panic centered on school materials and children's books, the British Parliament banned local governments in England, Wales, and Scotland from “promoting homosexuality.” (Known as Section 28, the ban was repealed in 2003.) Russia's 2013 ban on “homosexual propaganda” followed a prolonged campaign against the imaginary threat of pedophilia and homosexual recruitment. A week after the propaganda ban, Russia passed a law banning same-sex couples from adopting children. I had to leave the country to protect my adopted son from state-appointed protectors. Those who lingered have fared worse: last month, for example, social services in the city of Yekaterinburg revoked the guardianship of two children because their mother had undergone top surgery and was blogging about transitioning.
In the U.S., if a state with a religious-freedom law contracts out the placement of adoptive and foster children to private agencies, placements with L.G.B.T. families tend to dry up—because the agencies often hold a religious affiliation. Last month, the A.C.L.U. filed suit against the state of Michigan for turning away prospective adoptive and foster parents because of their sexual orientation. If the Mississippi law is challenged again, the case will also likely concern adoption or foster placement. A proposed religious-freedom bill in Oklahoma solely concerns child-placement agencies. Another kind of case concerns transgender high-school students' right to use the bathrooms of their choice. A federal appeals court recently decided a Wisconsin case in favor of a transgender student, while a different appeals court must review a well-publicized North Carolina case, now that the Trump Administration has reversed course and the Supreme Court declined to hear the case.
It seems both inevitable and ominous that the re-litigation of L.G.B.T. rights will center on children. Much of the success of the American L.G.B.T. movement in the last couple of decades has turned on avoiding confrontation with the perception of the homosexual threat to children. The strategy has been either to desexualize gays by shifting the conversation to marriage and parenting or—brilliantly—to position transgender children as the ones in need of protection. As a result, advances in L.G.B.T. rights have occurred despite a parallel trend toward ever more policing of sex and an intensifying drive for the protection of children from nearly everything.
The era of Trumpian reversal is expressed in terms of religious belief but driven by the desire to see children grow up in a world that their parents understand. With the rhetoric of “religious freedom” ramping up, the strategic decoupling of gays from children will no longer hold. It's going to get ugly.
About
The good folks at Headbang 'n Buttonmash interviewed us at IndieNomicon on Feb 6th.
"Are you not entertained?" - Maximus Decimus Meridius
We have all dreamed of a game where sword combat could be free and dynamic. We now have the technology to make you a gladiator! You will be able to see yourself as a gladiator and any motion you perform will be translated 1 to 1 to the character in the game.
Unlike other games you won't press a button and watch the same attack animation play over and over. YOU are in control of the gladiator driving physics over animation, no two fights will ever be the same. When you hit your opponent the weight of the object and speed of your swing will affect them how you would expect in the real world.
While watching films like "Gladiator", we've wanted to experience what it may have been like fighting in the huge arenas surrounded by 50,000 Romans chanting for BLOOD!
In June of 2013, team Raging Goat was formed to build a game that would revolutionize games as we know them. We have been developing the technology, graphics, physics, and game play to make a game that brings us closer to being in the battles we've only imagined.
It has been many nights and weekends to add features, bug fixes and game play tweaks to make the tech demo you have seen clips from. After releasing a couple versions of the tech demo and having people from all over the world review and discuss the game, we are ready to take this project to the next level.
The next step will require hiring additional skilled professionals from varied disciplines to take this from a tech demo to a fully fledged game. If you are a fan of ancient gladiatorial combat or interested in the potential virtual reality gaming has, then help us make it happen. We need your support.
Game play features not shown in the video but will be in the game:
- Impalement
- Throwing your weapon
- Grabbing a weapon off the ground or one sticking out of an enemy
- Running, jumping, crouching, sliding
- Shouldering into your enemy knocking them off their feet
We want to offer you as much freedom as possible in how you utilize the weapons in the game. You will have the ability to pick up weapons from the ground, throw them, pull them from a corpse, yank swords out of your enemies not yet dead, or impale a foe and just let go. You will also be able to flip your sword (any weapon) in a reverse grip to stab downward at your opponents feet or defend yourself with a blade that runs parallel to your arm. Unsheathe a weapon from your side or back. Knock weapons out of enemies hands when using heavy weapons, or break their shields.
*Developing your own fighting style is a major goal for this game.
The year is 260 CE, Rome is in upheaval as Emperors come and go as quickly as the moon rises and the sun sets. Constant wars with Germanic tribes, endless conflicts with the Persian border lands, and the once subdued Gallic nation is now fighting back for independence. Topping things off for the first time in Roman history the very Emperor has been captured by the Persian army. In the capitol, conspiracy's riddle holes in the government's stability yet one aspect of daily life persists, Gladiatorial combat!! Why should anything else matter when the common wealth is being entertained by death! There is no greater GLORY, or titillating EXCITEMENT, nor quicker way to turn one's coin into RICHES or ruin. The games keep everyone distracted from the chaos at hand and daily life carries on. How will you find yourself within these times? Struggling to survive at the bottom of the heap? Just getting by as common citizen? Or bored in your excess of wealth and anonymity? From these beginnings, you will either be forced into fighting or do so voluntarily each with a branching story with outcomes of your own choosing.
Rome 260 CE
*Map shown is not final.
During the course of your story we will have exciting locations for you to visit from all over the ancient known world.
Character Creation:
You will begin by creating your own male or female gladiator. Then choose your social standing, rich, poor, or middle class. Each has their own unique backstory and will determine where you start in the world. From there your story will unfold and branch based on decisions you make.
Show them something they have never seen! At the end of each battle you will be rewarded with reputation, gold, and the spoils of combat. Based on your performance and excitement of the crowd, will determine the amount of rewards you will gain. You will be given the choice to keep which ever weapons and armor you choose that have fallen from defeated enemies. You may even take the heads of fallen enemies and wear them around your belt as a trophy.
If we reach our stretch goal for animals then you will be able to wear their skins or create a helmet from a tiger's skull and more!
Why Kick-Starter?
Kickstarter is a place where you, the backer, get to decide if we create this game. The type of experience we want to create has not been tried before. Virtual Reality is the next BIG thing in gaming and it is coming soon!
The Oculus Rift has proven to be an amazing experience already in it's development stages. When the full retail version is released we want to be one of the great titles to start things off with a bang! If sword combat is your thing or if you really just want to experience walking through portions of the ancient world as it may have been 2000 years ago then consider making this dream a reality with us.
*ADDED BONUS DIGITAL PLEDGE ITEMS*
Pledges of $40 or more will receive an exclusive in-game item:
Imperial Gladius
Pledges of $50 or more will receive an exclusive in-game item:
Helm of Dis
Pledges of $60 or more will receive exclusive in-game items:
Cerberus Blade
Charon's Cruiass
Stygian Death Shield
image coming soon!
Pledge $105 and you will receive an Oculus Maximus t-shirt! (s/h included)
Pledge $260 and you will receive a 3D printed miniature gladiator!
(s/h included)
*Design shown for the miniature is not final.
We deliver an awesome single player gladiator game with an intriguing story and lots of weapons and armor to customize your character.
Battle lions, tigers and other exotic animals!
Enhanced Weapon Combat
We'll add advancements like two handed sword combat, two handed long spears, and the net for fighting. These weapons require some tricky physics and more sophisticated two handed game play.
Combat on Horseback
Mount a horse to slash and stab down at enemies or simply ride over them.
Advanced Weapon customization.
From dyeing the cloth components of your weapon to casting or plating them in different metals to change their look you will also be about to speak with the blacksmith about creating new styles of weapons from parts you collect. This will affect the weight, speed, and functionality of the weapon greatly. If you want to combine two swords together you will have a double ended sword. Cool as these option may look, they may prove difficult to use without stabbing yourself and will be up to you to become skilled at using them!
Battle head to head with other player gladiators! We want to play multiplayer as much as you do but there are two big realities we must face here. First, multiplayer will be hard for a game this involved with physics game play so we'll have to spend a good amount of money, time and effort to get it right. The second reality is that we need enough people to play against online. At this support level the number of players will be about twice the number as our initial $225,000 and give you more chances of finding other players to battle online. Trading System We will create an online trading system where you and fellow gladiators could exchange weapons and items picked up in the arena. We would also continue to add additional weapons and other content for users through this system.
Rick Terrell (Engineer / Co-Designer)
Rick comes from a background of 10+ years in low level programming on console games and in the defense industry. In the game industry, they started at a small startup studio called Sensory Sweep where they were forced to kick out games every couple of months and they enjoyed it. Then they ventured into big AAA studio work at Electronic Arts for 5 years mostly working on gameplay and animation systems used in sports titles. Now, they work at a defense company making flight simulators and defense related technologies that they are not allowed to talk about. Virtual Reality has reawakened their passion for commercial games and they now return with a vengeance to make the true next generation of video games.
Eugene Elkin (Engineer / Co-Designer)
Eugene is a software engineer with 10 years experience in PC and console development. Their professional career was started in the gaming industry where they specialized as a Graphics Engineer and Technical Artist. Augmented and virtual reality has been their passion and focus of interest since their first "Hello World".
James Leggett (3d Artist / Co-Designer)
James is a character artist and has been for the past 6 years in the gaming industury. Before that they worked for a media house where their work ranged from environment art, animation, and compositing. James has been a gamer all their life starting out with an Apple IIe, Coleco and most every game and system in-between. They have a passion for ancient history, mythology, and the potential VR has to offer gamers.
Brief primer on hardware.
Oculus Rift is a virtual reality headset that allows you to freely move your head and look around in your environment. In addition it offers a wide field of view and very low latency which gives you the feeling of really being in the world you see around you. Order a devkit here: https://www.oculusvr.com/order/
Razer Hydra is a set of hand controls that track your real world position. These are what allow you to swing your swords freely in the virtual world. This controller has served us well but we recommend you purchase the Sixense STEM at this point since it is replacing this controller.
Sixense STEM is a wireless controller that is essentially version 2 of the Razer Hydra. This new controller will be superior in many ways but the main advantage is that it is wireless. Pre-order one here: http://sixense.com/hardware/wireless
Demolition work is underway on the site of the historic fire stationon Colchester road in Ipswich.
Today the drill tower is being brought down, and in a few weeks time, the telecommunications tower which is a landmark feature on the local skyline, will come down too.
It was linked to the old control room and used to receive and send signals across the county.
The fire station and fire control station opened in November 1962 but closed in October last year.
This was due to the opening of the new premises on Ransomes Europark in Ipswich, and also because of the merging of the Suffolk control room with that of Cambridgeshire.
Hopkins Homes plan to build 60 homes on the site, subject to planning permission. The company specialises in traditional homes.
The demolition work is likely to continue for several months, and most of the material from the structures will be recycled.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A doctor who evaluated American and Canadian diplomats working in Cuba diagnosed them with conditions as serious as mild traumatic brain injury and damage to the central nervous system, CBS News said on Wednesday, citing medical records it reviewed.
FILE PHOTO: An exterior view of the U.S. Embassy is seen in Havana, Cuba, June 19, 2017. REUTERS/Alexandre Meneghini
The diplomats had complained of symptoms including hearing loss, nausea, headaches and balance disorders after what were described as “incidents” that began affecting them in Havana beginning in late 2016, CBS News said.
Officials are investigating whether the diplomats were targets of some form of sonic attack directed at their homes, CBS reported, citing a source familiar with the incidents. The source said the incidents had continued to occur on the Communist-ruled island and that some U.S. diplomats had cut short their assignments there.
Asked about the CBS report, a U.S. State Department spokesperson said the department did not have “definitive answers” on the source or cause of the incidents.
“An investigation into the incidents is ongoing,” the spokesperson said.
The department said earlier this month that a number of Americans serving in Cuba had returned to the United States for “medical reasons” that were not life-threatening.
Spokeswoman Heather Nauert said two weeks ago the State Department learned of incidents at its embassy in Havana in late 2016. They said they “caused a variety of physical symptoms” in U.S. government employees.
Several U.S. citizens at the embassy were evacuated over the past six months for treatment of a variety of complaints. Some subsequently received hearing aids.
Although Washington expelled two Cuban diplomats over the incidents, Cuba has said it was investigating the U.S. allegations and would never allow its territory to be used for any action against diplomatic personnel or their families.
“The Cuban government has assured us it is also investigating and taking appropriate measures,” the State Department spokesperson said on Wednesday.
A spokesperson for Canada's foreign ministry said Canada likewise was working to determine the cause.
“At this time, we do not have any reason to believe Canadian tourists and other visitors could be affected,” spokesperson Brianne Maxwell told Reuters.
In a Middle East torn apart by war and conflict, fighters are increasingly using food as a weapon of war.
Millions of people across countries like Syria, Yemen and Iraq are gripped by hunger, struggling to survive with little help from the outside world. Children suffer from severe malnutrition, their parents often having to beg or sell possessions to get basic commodities including water, medicine and fuel.
The biggest humanitarian catastrophe by far is Syria, where a ruinous five-year civil war has killed a quarter of a million people and displaced half the population. All sides in the conflict have used punishing blockades to force submission and surrender from the other side - a tactic that has proved effective particularly for government forces seeking to pacify opposition-held areas around the capital Damascus.
Since October, Russian airstrikes and the start of yet another winter have exacerbated a humanitarian crisis and led to deaths from starvation in some places.
Humanitarian teams who recently entered a besieged Syrian town witnessed scenes that “haunt the soul,” said Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon. They accused both the government of President Bashar Assad and rebels of using starvation as a weapon, calling it a war crime. The conduct of forces carrying out sieges and their behaviour toward civilian populations are regulated by international humanitarian law. Past cases include the sieges of Gorazde and Sarajevo during the Bosnian war.
The UN and aid agencies have struggled with the delivery of humanitarian assistance despite Security Council resolutions insisting on the unconditional delivery of aid across front lines.
In Yemen, the Arab world's most impoverished nation, nearly half of the 22 provinces are ranked as one step away from famine.
Image: patagonia.com
Companies hoping to boost their employee retention could benefit from implementing on-site childcare and other perks that address the personal needs of their employees. At least according to one brand, it's proven to be worth the up-front investment.
Rose Marcario, CEO of Patagonia, recently discussed the success the clothing company has had with such programs in Fast Company. The company offers sick time for all employees, paid maternity and paternity leave and on-site childcare at two major facilities.
Ms. Marcario argued in the article that on-site childcare helps limit employee attrition, especially by women, and said that after having the service in place for the past five years, 100 percent of mothers who took maternity leave returned to work. The turnover rate for parents who have taken advantage of the program has been 25 percent lower than for the general employee population. They stated that the company recoups 91 percent of its costs per year on benefits offers when taking into account the cost of turnover and other expenses. They also noted less quantifiable returns like employee loyalty and increased trust in the workplace.
A report by Glassdoor detailing the benefits offered to employees by big-name companies noted that 57 percent of those polled reported perks as a top consideration when accepting a job. Among the more unique benefits programs listed were from REI, who give employees two paid days off to spend outside and Salesforce's six days of paid time to volunteer (resulting in a $1,000 grant if they take all six).
But the companies offering perks tend to be in tech-centric fields, a fact confirmed by a Department of Labor study cited on Mic. The article reported that paid leave availability rose to 30 percent of workplaces in the tech sector in 2015, but had remained at less than 10 percent in areas like manufacturing and service.
Retailers are growing more aware of the cost of turnover, though, as Bloomberg reported last year. Because of training and other associated costs, the publication calculated that a retailer loses an average of $3,400 for each low-wage worker who leaves.
DISCUSSION QUESTIONS: Should retailers consider implementing on-site childcare, paid family leave and other such benefits in the interest of retaining employees? Are there any downsides to retailers offering such programs, in spite of business owners testifying to their efficacy and long-term cost savings?
The collapse of the Republican effort to repeal the Affordable Care Act is a monumental political defeat wrought by a party and a president that never took health-care policy or the need to bring coverage to millions of Americans seriously. But their bungling also demonstrates that the intense attention to Obamacare over the past six months has fundamentally altered our nation's health-care debate.
Supporters of the 2010 law cannot rest easy as long as the current Congress remains in office and as long as Donald Trump occupies the White House. On Wednesday, the president demanded that the Senate keep at the work of repeal, and, in any event, Congress could undermine the act through sharp Medicaid cuts in the budget process and other measures. And Trump, placing their own self-esteem and political standing over the health and security of millions of Americans, has threatened to wreck the system.
“We'll let Obamacare fail, and then the Democrats are going to come to us,” Trump said after it became obvious that the Senate could not pass a bill. But if Obamacare does implode, it will not be under its own weight but because Trump and their team are taking specific administrative and legal steps to prevent it from working.
“I'm not going to own it,” Trump insisted. But they will. And if Trump does go down the path of policy nihilism, it will be the task of journalists to show that it is the president doing everything in their power to choke off this lifeline for the sick and the needy.
As long as “repeal Obamacare” was simply a slogan, what the law actually did was largely obscured behind attitudes toward the former president. But the Affordable Care Act's core provisions were always broadly popular, particularly its protections for Americans with preexisting conditions and the big increase in the number of insured it achieved. The prospect of losing these benefits moved many of the previously indifferent to resist its repeal. And the name doesn't matter so much with Obama out of office.
(The Washington Post)
To the surprise of some on both sides, the debate brought home the popularity of Medicaid, which for the first time received the sort of broad public defense usually reserved for Medicare and Social Security. The big cuts Republicans proposed to the program paradoxically highlighted how it assisted many parts of the population.
This creates an opening for a new push to expand Medicaid under the ACA in the 19 states that have resisted it, which would add 4 million to 5 million to the ranks of the insured.
Republicans also found, as they did during the budget battles of the 1990s, that when they tie their big tax cuts for the wealthy to substantial reductions in benefits for a much broader group of Americans, a large majority will turn on them and their tax proposals. For critics of the GOP's tax-cutting obsession, said Jacob Leibenluft of the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, this episode underscores “the importance of making clear the trade-offs of Republican fiscal policy.” To win on tax cuts, the GOP has to disguise their effects — or pump up the deficit.
One Democratic senator told me early on that Republicans would be hurt by their lack of accumulated expertise on health care, since they largely avoided sweating the details in the original Obamacare debate after deciding early to oppose it. This showed. They had seven years after the law was passed and could not come up with a more palatable blueprint.
The popular mobilization against repeal mattered, too. With Republican senators discovering opposition to their party's ideas in surprising places, pro-ACA activists drove two wedges into the Republican coalition.
One was between ideologues and pragmatic conservatives (Republican governors as well as senators) who worried about the impact of Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell's designs on their states.
The other divide was within Trump's own constituency, a large share of which truly believed their pledge to make the system better. They were horrified to learn that they could be much worse off under the GOP proposal. A Post-ABC News poll this month found that 50 percent of Americans preferred Obamacare and only 24 percent picked the Republican bill. Trump's approval ratings are dismal, but the GOP plan's were even worse. Defectors in the Trump base may have been the silent killers of this flawed scheme.
And that is why a scorched-earth approach from the president would be both cruel and self-defeating. Americans now broadly support the basic principles of Obamacare. Republicans, including Trump, would do well to accommodate themselves to this reality.
Read more from E.J. Dionne's archive, follow them on Twitter or subscribe to their updates on Facebook.
As a candidate, I have only worked with an external recruiter once. I found it interesting that they told me almost the exact questions to expect during my interviews. After the interview, they asked me what questions I had to answer. I assume this was to improve their data for future candidates.
I've been told that this is both common and considered a good thing. Candidates who have a chance to prepare for the interview are more likely to succeed. Companies succeed when candidates succeed.
This statement is false. Companies succeed when employees succeed. This is a small, but extremely important distinction. The goal of interviewing is to find a candidate that will actually be a successful employee. If that is not the case, it is in everyone's best interest for the candidate to look elsewhere.
This is where the idea of preparing for an interview becomes a problem. Preparing by learning about a company and its product makes sense. But preparing for an interview by cramming/studying material that is supposedly needed for the job makes no sense. A candidate should have the experience to do the job well.
Do you think cramming for 1-2 weeks can make someone as qualified as someone who has years of experience?
Probably not. Cramming may get a candidate a job. But they won't succeed at the job if they don't have the skills and experience needed. This also isn't a “you're either good or enough or not” statement either. Think about science. There are many different types of scientists. A biologist would not do well teaching physics. A physicist would not do well teaching biology. They can still be good in their respective fields, but terrible when doing something they are not trained in. Software development is also diverse and has similar issues. It's not about being good enough. It's about a developer finding a position where they can realize their full potential.
That recruiter shoved me into 5 interviews for positions that were not right for me. It showed. Each interview was extremely stressful and I struggled in all of them. No surprise that I didn't get any of the jobs.
Funny side note: one company was told I was an expert in Scala despite it not being on my resume. When the interviewer asked “How's your Scala?”, my response was “Zero.”
Now you may be thinking “Well you should have prepared and got those jobs! Why are you an idiot?”
The reason is that I want to succeed at a company. That means being able to leverage my experience to its fullest and that means the company needing the type of experience I have. You can't study to get experience. It only comes from doing the work and well… experiencing things. Even if I had received a job offer from one of those five companies, I would have struggled just as much when on the job. It's not a guarantee that I would have failed, but the odds would have been against me.
The next interview that I went, which I got on my own, went very differently. I didn't prepare for this one despite failing five times in a row.
The interview was objectively stressful. It was 4-5 hours long. They forgot to schedule me lunch. They had me talk to engineering managers, software architects, product managers, the vp of engineering, the vp of HR, and the CTO. I was asked to write code on a whiteboard. I was asked to architect complex systems. I was asked a number of leadership questions. I was asked to explain bad decisions I made in my past.
In the end, the interview was easy for me. I didn't feel stressed at all. All the questions seemed like they were tailored exactly for my experience in a way that I could explain well. It was like having a series of enjoyable conversations with interesting people than it was having an interview.
And note that none of that means that I am the best software developer to ever walk the face of the earth. I'm not. Five failed interviews straight proved that. And it's not like this company had low standards. The stream of failed candidates before me proved that.
What the ease of the interview meant was that I was right for the company. I had the exact skills the company needed and that meant that this was a place where I could succeed. It was the right position for me at the time. More importantly, there was no way to prepare for the breadth of questions I was asked. They all relied on experience that I actually had.
Getting one of those other five jobs would have required me to pretend to be someone that I'm not. Taking one of them would have set me back in my career since I would not have the skills I would have needed to do the job well. I would not have been able to realize my full potential at one of those jobs. This would have been bad for me, but it would have also been bad for one of those companies. They would have hired someone who provided them less value than another candidate would have.
The job I did get is one where I utilized the skills that I had gained over years. It also gave me an opportunity to continue practicing and improving on those skills. That makes me more valuable to companies that need that skillset, which consequently is good for my career growth and my wallet.
Granted, all of this implies that companies have actually created an interview that actually tests the skills needed for the position they are hiring for. It is in their best interests to do so though. In doing that, they make interview preparation pointless since studying is no substitute for actual experience. Every developer should have confidence in the skillset that they painstakingly built and trust that it will get them a job that is right for them.
This post was originally published on blog.professorbeekums.com
The MBTA spends more money on bus maintenance than every other major transit system in the country, according to a Pioneer Institute report that dubs the work ripe for outsourcing and could reinforce the agency's push to privatize several of its garages.
“We're No. 1 — and it's not good to be No. 1,” said Greg Sullivan, the former state inspector general who authored the report using federal transit data.
“The staffing at the maintenance garages, the amount of time taken per job and per bus, is tremendously higher,” they said. “As a former inspector general, one thing I've come to learn is putting out bids for services is a great way to save money.”
The report, which will be released today, comes as T officials prepare to release a request for proposals from private companies to take over bus maintenance in at least four of its garages.
The move has drawn swift resistance from unions representing mechanics.
According to the report, in 2015, the T spent more than $44 per hour on bus maintenance for each bus that was running — a standard used by the feds — which amounted to the highest of any of the country's 25 largest transit agencies and 65 percent more than the average.
Sullivan said the T could save $43.7 million if it cut its bus maintenance expenses to the average of its so-called “peer agencies,” which include systems in Miami, Atlanta, Pennsylvania, Maryland and Washington, D.C.
But Mike Vartabedian, area director for the International Association of Machinists, said it's unfair to compare the T to the warmer-weather operations, arguing that the other agencies aren't working with the type of aging equipment and facilities as the T.
“The machinists union has approached the MBTA and told them we would be willing to sit down and see if we can provide a better break for the taxpayers,” Vartabedian said of bargaining talks. “I don't think it's in their agenda.”
Officials have said that outsourcing work at four of its nine garages could save $26 million annually, based on unsolicited proposals several companies provided.
“Until you have hard bids from the marketplace, you don't know what the price is,” said Brian Shortsleeve, the T's acting general manager, noting officials are still in the process of creating an RFP to release, a move they said doesn't require board approval. “I would say this report is consistent with … the proposals we received.”
I don't know how administration officials can really believe that unemployment is structural -- that is, some industries have reached new levels of productivity and simply don't need as many workers -- because if that were true, we'd see a healthy recovery in other sectors, and we don't. No, the real problem is that corporations have used this recession as an excuse for massive layoffs, and holding that threat over remaining workers to keep wages low and work loads high:
There are two problems with the jobs recovery: Employers haven't added enough jobs. And those they have added aren't particularly good ones.
The former problem has gotten a lot of attention, with many economists and politicians talking about job growth averaging less than 100,000 a month last year, not enough to keep up with population growth or make a significant dent in unemployment.
But experts say the low-wage jobs that have been added are also a serious problem — putting downward pressure on wages and keeping consumer spending in check.
“Growth has been concentrated in mid-wage and lower-wage industries. By contrast, higher-wage industries showed weak growth and even net losses,” said Annette Bernhardt, policy co-director for the National Employment Project. They said that growth has been far more unbalanced than during previous job recoveries.
Bernhardt's analysis of the first seven months of job growth in 2010 found that 76 percent of jobs created were in low- to mid-wage industries — those earning between $8.92 to $15 an hour, on average, well below the national average hourly wage of $22.60 in 2010.
They said a preliminary analysis of full-year results suggests the same trend is still holding true, although they cautioned that final employment figures are needed.
But the biggest problem is continued job losses in higher-wage industries severely hit by the bursting of the housing bubble — construction and financial services. Recoveries in those sectors helped lead the economy out of earlier downturns, but they're still suffering more than a year and a half after the official end of the Great Recession.
Kelli Jo Griffin (Photo: Associated Press)
IOWA CITY, Ia. — In a major voting rights case, the Iowa Supreme Court will consider whether to relax the state's lifetime ban on voting by convicted felons.
The court said last week it would hear the case, which could clear up longstanding confusion over which of the state's tens of thousands of former offenders are eligible to vote. American Civil Liberties Union, the NAACP and other civil rights groups want the court to restore many of their voting rights before the November presidential election, in which Iowa could be a pivotal state. The decision could come this summer.
Iowa is one of three states — with Kentucky and Florida — with lifetime voting bans for felons unless their rights are restored by the governor.
Supporters say Iowa's policy is required by law and correctly restores voting rights only after ex-offenders prove to the governor they have paid victim restitution and are rehabilitated. Critics say the policy disproportionately impacts the state's black population and makes it harder for ex-offenders to reintegrate into society.
"This is an important case because Iowa is an incredible outlier," said Myrna Perez of the Brennan Center for Justice at New York University School of Law. They helped draft a brief for the League of Women Voters arguing that the policy does nothing to protect election integrity and is "detrimental to the citizens and communities of Iowa."
They noted that about 20 states have scaled back felon disenfranchisement laws in the last two decades. Maryland lawmakers voted Tuesday to restore voting rights to 40,000 former offenders.
The case hinges on a phrase in the Iowa Constitution in 1857 that bars anyone who commits an "infamous crime" from voting. The high court and lawmakers long put all felony crimes and some misdemeanors into that category, leading to a list of 50,000 people who can't vote.
But in April 2014, the court ruled that no misdemeanors trigger the loss of voting rights, and it would decide later whether all or only some felonies were "infamous."
Represented by ACLU, Kelli Jo Griffin filed a lawsuit months later asking courts to declare that they can vote, arguing that their 2008 felony drug conviction was not an infamous crime. After Griffin cast a ballot in a 2013 municipal election, they were charged with illegally voting as part of a state investigation into election-related crimes.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Breaking News Alert newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Alerts on breaking news delivered straight to your inbox. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-877-424-0225. Delivery: Varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Breaking News Alert Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Griffin believed they regained their voting rights when they completed their sentence, which had been the policy under Democratic governors between 2005 and 2011. But Republican Gov. Terry Branstad issued an executive order in January 2011 requiring all ex-felons to apply to them to have their rights restored, a lengthy process that few complete. Jurors acquitted Griffin.
A judge dismissed their voting rights lawsuit last year, ruling that Griffin and all other felons were disenfranchised until the Iowa Supreme Court ruled otherwise.
The ACLU is asking the high court to rule that only people who commit specific crimes that undermine "the process of democratic governance through elections" are disqualified — crimes such as treason, elections fraud or public corruption.
But assistant attorney general Meghan Gavin asked the court to keep it applicable all felonies. Trying to determine which ones are an "affront to democratic governance" could be difficult and lead to absurd results, such as disqualifying someone who commits a minor campaign-related crime but keeping violent criminals eligible, they wrote. Elections officials asked the court to adopt a standard that's easy to administer.
Former offenders, like 46-year-old Jason Orent, are also hoping for clarity.
"It will be really important to get this settled," said Orent, who lost their voting rights after a third drunken driving conviction in 1996.
They didn't vote in 2012 over fear of being prosecuted in the voter fraud investigation. After consulting with a lawyer, they now believe their rights were restored in 2005 and wants the court to affirm that.
"Now if we could just get some candidates that would be worth voting for," they said.
Read or Share this story: http://dmreg.co/1TbbsGd
Ivory Coast midfielder Yaya Toure (left) has been at Manchester City since 2010
Manchester City midfielder Yaya Toure and their agent will donate £100,000 to help the victims of the Manchester Arena attack.
Twenty-two people were killed and 64 injured when Salman Abedi blew themselves up at the venue on Monday.
Toure's representative Dimitri Seluk told BBC Sport: "We want to help the victims - the families of the dead or those who are now in hospital.
"I spoke to Yaya on Tuesday and they were very shocked by the terrible news."
Seluk added: "We have arranged with the Manchester Evening News to help us get the money to the people who really need it.
"We don't want to send it somewhere and nobody knows where it will end up - we want to make sure it goes to people for whom every penny helps.
"I think it will take a few days to organise it, but Yaya is in England and can come and present the cheque whenever it is needed.
"Yaya loves Manchester and has a big affinity with the city and its people.
"This fund is a chance for us to get the money to the right people, which is very important."
And so the parliamentary year comes to an end.
Despite the hollow threats of Tony Abbott that parliament would sit an extra week to allow the Senate to vote on the carbon price and mining tax legislation, the political carnival for 2013 is over.
The first three days of this week saw the understudies take to the big chairs as both Tony Abbott and Bill Shorten were at Nelson Mandela's memorial service.
Sometimes when leaders are absent parliament can be a quieter affair. But this week's story of Holden leaving was too big for either side to tread water while waiting for the leaders to get back to show everyone whether or not they got a selfie with Barack Obama.
Monday saw the extraordinary position of the government doing all it could to let GMH know that the Liberal Party no longer saw them as part of the cool group.
Treasurer Joe Hockey, no doubt wanting to prove to everyone after theirs being rolled over the Graincorp takeover decision that they really are an economic “reformer”, told parliament that the future of the car industry was in the hands of the car industry. It was a pretty unsubtle way of telling them to bugger off if they wanted more assistance.
The issue had come about because “senior ministers” last week had leaked to journalists that Holden was going to leave; confusingly however, the Minister for Industry, Ian Macfarlane said the reports were untrue. On Tuesday Warren Truss, acting as PM, took the unusual step of calling on Holden to clear up the confusion which had been created by members of the government.
Joe Hockey upped the ante shouting that Holden needed “to come clean with its intentions”, to “be fair dinkum” because “either you are here or you are not.”
And on Wednesday Holden told it workers that it was not.
Now perhaps Holden was going to leave, but perhaps it was also going to wait to see what came out of the report by the productivity commission on the automotive industry given the review had actually been commissioned by the government to provide “certainty” for the industry.
By Tuesday it was clear that whatever the PC found, the government wanted to show everyone just how fiscally hairy-chested it was.
And thus Holden will be no more from 2017. How Joe Hockey responds may very well be the making of him, but for now it appears more that it was about theirs showing everyone that they won't get pushed around by old-style lobbying.
Unless it is by the National Party.
The ALP, was much more comfortable on this issue. Bill Shorten in yesterday's censure motion on the PM for the first time sounded convincing, perhaps because as a former union leader the fight was on their home ground.
But far from covering itself in glory the ALP this week also decided to support government moves to repeal pokies reforms brought in by the Gillard government. These reforms, weak as they are, remain opposed by the clubs industry.
For those hoping that the ALP would have found some mettle and realised after the past 6 years that when you get pushed around by interest groups eventually you get pushed over, this decision served as a reminder that the ALP remains vulnerable to outside pressures.
And so that is it till 11 February next year. Plenty of time for the Liberal Party to decide if its economic policy is all huff one week and no puff the next, or part of a cogent strategy, and for the ALP to decide if it has a spine.
Greg Jericho is an economics and politics blogger and writes for The Guardian and The Drum.
President Barack Obama threw a challenge to Republicans as President-elect Donald Trump's administration prepares to take office in January: if you can improve Obamacare, more power to you.
During a White House press conference Monday, Obama said policy issues like the federal healthcare law passed in 2010 have become rhetoric for Republicans who oppose Obama's view on them. But they admitted that Obamacare can always be made better.
"If they can come up with something better that actually works and a year or two after they've replaced the Affordable Care Act with their own plan, that 25 million people have health insurance and it's cheaper and better and running smoothly, I'll be the first one to say, 'That's great, congratulations,'" Obama said.
The president then warned Republicans to tread cautiously before making rash decisions concerning the healthcare law.
"If, on the other hand, whatever they're proposing results in millions of people losing coverage and results in people who already had health insurance losing protections that were contained in the legislation, then we're going to have a problem," they said.
"If things get worse, then the American people will figure that out pretty quick. And if things get better, then more power to them and I'll be the first to congratulate him."
It was reported last month that Obamacare premiums are skyrocketing in 2017, with the average increase being 25 percent in the 39 states served by the federal marketplace.
"Healthcare costs generally have gone up a significantly slower rate since Obamacare was passed than they did before, which has saved the federal treasury hundreds of billions of dollars," Obama said Monday.
The first Earth Day – April 22, 1970 – is sometimes said to have marked the beginning of the modern environmental movement. It predates the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, for example, now led by Scott Pruitt. It's hard to imagine it now, but the first Earth Day was a revelation to many, a way not only of raising consciousness about environmental issues but also of bringing together separate groups that had been fighting separately against issues including oil spills, pollutions from factories and power plants, raw sewage, toxic dumps, pesticides, the loss of wilderness, air pollution and more. At the first Earth Day in 1970, an estimated 20 million Americans – mostly white, mostly young – took to the streets, parks, and auditoriums to demonstrate for a healthy environment and to participate in teach-ins.
Since then, Earth Day has always been celebrated on April 22.
Read a statement about 2018's Earth Day from Kathleen Rogers, president of the Earth Day Network.
Earth Day 2018 is focused on plastic pollution. Learn more.
Read more: Great Pacific Garbage Patch now 3 times the size of France
Wisconsin Senator Gaylord Nelson is widely credited with suggesting the first Earth Day on April 22. The date was selected in part with college campuses in mind; April 22 fell between spring break and final exams.
The date of the first Earth Day also stemmed from a much-earlier observance: Arbor Day, which began in Nebraska in 1872. The most common practice on Arbor Day was the planting of trees. J. Sterling Morton was a Nebraska pioneer, a writer and editor for Nebraska's first newspaper, and later secretary of the Nebraska Territory. They advocated planting trees in what was then a dusty and treeless prairie. At a meeting of the State Board of Agriculture in January 1872, Morton proposed that Nebraska citizens set aside April 10 as a day to plant trees. They suggested offering prizes as incentives for communities and organizations that planted the most trees. It's said that Nebraskans planted about one million trees on that first Arbor Day in 1872.
Ten years later, in 1882, Nebraska declared Arbor Day as a legal holiday and the date was changed to Morton's birthday, April 22. Arbor Day grew to become a national observance.
It seemed natural to schedule April 22, 1970 – Arbor Day – as the first Earth Day. Today, a common practice in celebration of Earth Day is still to plant new trees.
Kathleen Rogers is a former environmental attorney who has led the Earth Day Network since 2001. She's a frequent commentator on environmental issues in the media (CNN, Fox News, NPR, Time, Washington Post, Los Angeles Times). They wrote in 2018:
Earth Day is now a global event each year, and we believe that more than 1 billion people in 192 countries now take part in what is the largest civic-focused day of action in the world. It is a day of political action and civic participation. People march, sign petitions, meet with their elected officials, plant trees, clean up their towns and roads. Corporations and governments use it to make pledges and announce sustainability measures. Faith leaders, including Pope Francis, connect Earth Day with protecting God's greatest creations, humans, biodiversity and the planet that we all live on.
Rogers said the Earth Day Network will focus on a multi-year campaign to End Plastic Pollution. Goals include ending single-use plastics, promoting alternatives to fossil fuel-based materials, promoting 100 percent recycling of plastics, corporate and government accountability and changing human behavior concerning plastics. The project includes four major components:
– Leading a grassroots movement to support the adoption of a global framework to regulate plastic pollution;
– Educating, mobilizing and activating citizens across the globe to demand that governments and corporations control and clean up plastic pollution;
– Educating people worldwide to take personal responsibility for plastic pollution by choosing to reject, reduce, reuse and recycle plastics, and
– Promoting local government regulatory and other efforts to tackle plastic pollution.
Want to participate? Sign up to join the Earth Day Network
Read more about plastic pollution at EarthSky
Bottom line: Why do we celebrate Earth Day on April 22? The date stems from an earlier observance, Arbor Day. 2018's Earth Day is focused on plastic pollution.
"Liberty (freedom) is warm, powerful and comforting, And like a flame, liberty can be extinguished unless it's protected" begins the likely content of a TV ad promoting Rand Paul's campaign for president, developed and paid for by the unaffiliated SuperPAC PurplePAC.
The ad will likely go on to say: "Protected from a government that's grown too large. That tells us what we can and can't do. That spies on its own citizens. Rand Paul stands up for liberty when no one else in Washington will. Stand with Rand and keep the flame of liberty glowing bright. Elect Rand Paul President."
I was shown a not-finalized version of the prospective text of the ad today. The accompanying imagery will also likely be flame-related, including imagery of things threatening the flame as it "continues to grow more and more intense, finally burning very hot and bright." (I have not seen any actual imagery or any version of the video itself.)
PurplePAC's chieftain, the Cato Institute's co-founder and former president Edward Crane, had been critical about the Paul campaign in the past, as I reported back in September. Then Crane feared that the campaign wasn't vivid and focused enough on making Paul the standout "peace and free enterprise" candidate, muddying the waters with some social conservative outreach and occasional nods toward the possibility of U.S. belligerence in the Middle East.
But now, as reported in Politico today, Crane's PAC seems primed to spend a half-million on TV ads in the Des Moines and Cedar Rapids markets in Iowa in the two weeks prior to the February 1 caucus to support Paul's candidacy. The last Federal Election Commission filing for the PAC available on its website is through the end of June, showing over $1.3 million in cash on hand for the PAC.
UPDATE: Crane tells me via email this afternoon that a version of the ad should begin running on Jan. 19. Despite earlier misgivings, mentioned above, they now think "Rand is doing much better now with a more libertarian pitch which will fire up the troops for the caucuses. My hope is they surprise people because of their good ground organization and the fact that they will be bringing independents to the caucuses -- they are not polled and tend to support Rand over the other GOP candidates." Crane says PurplePAC will likely try more fundraising for Nevada and South Carolina if they perform well in Iowa.
Municipal workers on Friday called off their strike over pending pay after lieutenant governor Najeeb Jung said R493 crore was released as east Delhi stared at a health crisis from heaps of garbage lying unattended during the 12-day standoff.
The money to cover around 15,000 striking sanitation workers' salary dues of nearly two months was announced around the time the Delhi high court directed the Aam Aadmi Party government to pay the municipal employees by June 15.
The court issued notices to the Centre, the Delhi government and officials of the east Delhi corporation to take steps to remove the garbage, which was either dumped on major thoroughfares by miffed sanitation workers or had scattered from overflowing vats.
Before they ended their strike, Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi on Friday morning stood by the workers and accused the Centre and Delhi government of passing the buck on each other.
The Congress leader — in blue denims and white kurta —sat on the ground with the safai karmacharis during a dharna at the East Delhi Municipal Corporation headquarters. “I am here with you ... if you want me to sit with you, I will sit for an hour, two hours or 10 hours ... I have time for you,” they said.
The BJP, which rules Delhi's municipal corporations, described Gandhi's solidarity with the sanitation workers as grandstanding. “Rahul Gandhi has gone there to show fake concern and is indulging in politics on this matter,” Delhi BJP president Satish Upadhyay said.
The workers have been agitating because the cash-strapped corporations have not been paid their salaries for months, in part because of the unending political recriminations between the Arvind Kejriwal government and lieutenant governor Jung.
Civic agency sources said the money announced on Friday would barely tide over the current crisis and it might return to haunt the corporations if more funds were not released, either by the AAP government or Centre.
Deputy chief minister Manish Sisodia said around R500 crore was released on Thursday to municipal corporations as they criticised the BJP-ruled civic agencies for appropriating the AAP government's work as their own and that of the lieutenant governor's.
Their remarks came amid the BJP's assertion that funds were released following efforts from corporation mayors. For future funding, the AAP government said, the civic agencies should go to the BJP-led Centre.
The workers returned to work by Friday evening and piles of garbage rotting on roads and bylanes, particularly in east Delhi, were removed. An east corporation spokesperson said around 2,200 metric tonnes of garbage were generated every day on an average in the municipal area.
Sources said the putrid smell from the roads would go in a day or two, but the political stink would linger.
First Published: Jun 12, 2015 19:10 IST
Around a third of the homes at the Barfoot & Thompson auctions monitored by interest.co.nz last week were sold under the hammer, with clearance rates ranging from 32% to 37% and the remainder being passed in for sale by negotiation (see table below).
There was a big increase in auction numbers last week and Barfoot's had so many on the Order of Sale at their Shortland St auction on Wednesday that the had to split it between two rooms and hold two auctions simultaneously, each with more than two dozen homes going under the hammer.
However buyers continue to remain more cautious than they were a few months ago and a notable feature of many auctions is that there are often more properties that don't receive any bids than there are those that sell under the hammer (see below).
However there are also some properties that attract extremely competitive bidding and sell for exceptional prices.
At the Manukau auction the prices of the properties that sold under the hammer started at $571,000 for a three-bedroom house at Manurewa, at the North Shore auctions the cheapest price of homes sold under the hammer was $625,000 for a house at Mangawhai Heads and at the auctions conducted at Barfoot's head office in the CBD, the cheapest sale was $395,000 for a one-bedroom apartment.
To see the results (including prices) from all the auctions throughout the country that have been collated by interest.co.nz go to our Auctions/Sales Results page.
Results* of Barfoot & Thompson's Major Auctions: Week Ending 5 November 2016 Venue Number auctioned Number sold Number passed in Clearance rate Number with no bids Manukau Sports Bowl 28 9 19 32% 10 Shortland St, November 2 73 24 33 33% 24 Bruce Mason Centre 40 13 27 33% 15 Shortland St, November 3 Not available N/A N/A N/A N/A Shortland St, November 4 27 10 17 37% 8
*Excludes results from minor auctions and those conducted on-site.
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily, no spam, no fuss.
Right on schedule, a new "hotfix" for Destiny came out today, while the Iron Banner limited-time multiplayer event has begun.
Update 2.5.0.1 fixes a number of problems, including one where items required to complete Patrol activities in the Plaguelands did not drop as intended. The update also clears out a problem where some of Xur's Curios were not available to buy, including Three of Coins.
Additionally, the patch fixes exploits in the Crucible where players could leave the battlefield on more than a dozen maps. You can see a rundown of these maps in the full patch notes below.
The other big Destiny news today is that Iron Banner is back. This time, the game type is Clash, which is Destiny's version of Team Deathmatch. This newest Iron Banner, the first of 2017, runs for a week, ending on Tuesday, January 24. As usual, there are some spiffy-looking rewards up for grabs--see them here.
2017 is poised to be a big year for Destiny. As announced previously, Bungie plans to launch Destiny 2 during the year, though the game has yet to be formally unveiled.
Destiny 2.5.0.1 Patch Notes:
Activities
Fixed an issue where the items required to complete Plaguelands Patrols were not dropping
Economy
Fixed an issue that prevented some players from purchasing SRL Momentum gear from the Holiday Collection
Fixed an issue with the Snow Dreg and Felwinter Souvenir consumables not recovering to Postmaster
Fixed an issue where not all of Xur's Curios were being sold, including Three of Coins
Crucible
Added invisible physics and kill volumes to stop players from getting out of the intended playable space on:
Blind Watch The Burning Shrine Cathedral of Dusk The Cauldron The Drifter The Dungeons Exodus Blue Floating Gardens Frontier Memento Skyline Timekeeper Vertigo
Sandbox
The education secretary Justine Greening this week spoke at a gathering of head teachers. They reiterated the position of this government to expand both grammar schools and faith schools.
Much of the focus has been on the government's commitment to grammar schools. Quite right that this should be scrutinised. It is hard to see the thinking of May and their cabinet on this. Most pupils attend local comprehensive's. Surely if you truly wanted to boost attainment this would be the area of focus. Michael Gove's approach of introducing more rigour into the curriculum and expanding the academy program to me was the correct one.
If we renewed focus on core subjects, Math's, Science, History etc. Made moves to cut class sizes and importantly reintroduced discipline we would be well on our way to having a world-class education system. I mention discipline at the end, as I believe it is of utmost importance, we have become too soft on dealing with delinquent children who monopolise the attention of teachers in some of the more challenging comprehensive's.
For me the biggest issue with this governments education policy is its commitment to expand faith schools. Faith schools now account for around a third of publicly funded schools. Coming from a Muslim background where I have seen the invisible wall which separates so many of our communities, I am absolutely convinced this is an issue which must be looked at again.
The argument made by the national secular society is that the expansion of faith schools seriously limits the choice of parents who do not want a religious education for their children. We all pay taxes therefore public services should not be for the exclusive use of sub sections of our society.
For me though the biggest argument for a secular education is the fact that first and foremost it benefits those children who would otherwise be forced into environments which close them off from the rest of society. The country we live is diverse, we need to teach future generations to focus not on the things that divide us, instead on the things we all have in common. This idea of multiculturism for me needs to be killed off. It needs replacing with a new sense of identity (Ideally outward looking not nationalistic). An identity based on the shared belief in freedom of speech, freedom of thought and liberty.
Too many of us live in our closed communities and have little understanding of those who come from different backgrounds. I know this is certainly true in the Muslim community I grew up in. You can now grow up in Britain and spend your entire life not interacting with people from other communities. Even in my family I know there are members who do not have a single white Non-Muslim friend. I am sure the reverse is also true for many of other backgrounds. Although most people are decent and tolerant I would be lying if I said growing up I hadn't witnessed the bigotry this problem has caused.
This is a disaster waiting to happen. In many ways, we are already seeing a polarisation come to the fruition. If we do not address this issue and make moves to break down the invisible walls that divide us, we will see this get worse. In twenty to thirty years' time we may see sectarian society and the rise of type of identity politics we see in the middle east. Promoting a secular education although not a silver bullet, will certainly move us in the right direction.
President Barack Obama laughs at a joke told by Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong's toast of the president during a state dinner, Tuesday, Aug. 2, 2016, in Washington. AP Photo/Jacquelyn Martin Barack Obama strode to the stage at last month's Democratic National Convention in an unusual speaking slot.
They spoke in the primetime hour Wednesday night, a spot typically reserved for a vice-presidential nominee.
In 2000, for instance, former President Bill Clinton spoke on Monday night of then-Democratic nominee Al Gore's convention. Former President George W. Bush, deeply unpopular in their second term, didn't show up for then-Republican nominee John McCain's party in 2008.
Obama's speaking slot was by design. It previewed an outsize role in their final campaign: Electing Hillary Clinton to be their successor in the White House.
"President Obama gives Hillary Clinton a hat trick: They can help unite the party by bringing out Bernie Sanders supporters into their camp, deliver an aggressive contrast about the threat posed by Donald Trump, and ensure that all the supporters of the Obama coalition show up in November," Ben LaBolt, a former spokesperson for Obama's presidential campaigns, told Business Insider earlier this year.
Obama is prepared to campaign for their party's presidential nominee more than any sitting president in recent history. That could be a big problem for the GOP and its nominee, Donald Trump. And a huge boon for Clinton.
The president's approval rating got its own convention bump: In a CNN/ORC poll conducted after the convention, 54% of Americans said they approved of Obama's job performance. It was their highest mark since right before their second inauguration in 2013. Just 45% disapproved.
That number is significant. Earlier this year, an NBC/Wall Street Journal poll found that President Barack Obama's approval rating had jumped to 51% — its highest point since their second inauguration.
NBC's team of political analysts called it the "most important number" out of the poll.
"Why is it important? Because it means that Obama will be an asset to Hillary Clinton on the campaign trail unlike they were in the 2014 midterms, when their approval rating was in the low 40s," NBC's Chuck Todd, Mark Murray, and Carrie Dann wrote.
The threshold might seem arbitrary. But historical precedent suggests it could bode well for Clinton, Obama's former secretary of state.
Early this year, Obama's approval rating hit 50% in the weekly average from Gallup's daily survey. As of Friday, it stands at 51%. For Obama, whose approval ratings have been stuck in the mid- to low-40% range for much of their second term, it was a notable bump.
"While it's hard to pinpoint precisely why Obama's approval rating has risen among Democrats recently, there are a number of plausible explanations," wrote Andrew Dugan, a Gallup analyst, and Frank Newport, the organization's editor-in-chief, in a post earlier this year.
One of the explanations, the pair concurred, was that "the unusual status of the Republican primary race — exemplified in particular by frontrunner Donald Trump's campaign style and rhetoric — may serve to make Obama look statesmanlike in comparison."
Donald Trump at a campaign rally in Florida. Mark Wallheiser/Getty Images
Trump has come into Obama's crosshairs repeatedly as they have hit the trail for Clinton. And with good reason: More so than at any other presidential hand-off in recent history, so many elements of the current administration's legacy are at stake.
The Republican nominee has pledged to undo signature achievements on healthcare (the Affordable Care Act), the environment (historic new regulations aimed at curbing climate change), and foreign policy (the Iran nuclear deal).
Those themes will become evident as the president launches into what will be their final campaign: Preventing a Trump presidency.
"Not only do they have strong standing among Democrats and independents, but they have a unique ability to mobilize the young voters and diverse communities she'll need to win," LaBolt said.
Obama's approval ratings at this point are far better than those of Bush, their predecessor, off whose unpopularity Obama thrived during their 2008 run. Their level is most directly comparable to former President Ronald Reagan, who in March 1988 held a 51% approval rating, according to Gallup.
That same year, voters selected George H.W. Bush — Reagan's vice president — to succeed him.
"Yes," said Ari Fleischer, President George W. Bush's former press secretary, when asked earlier this year if Obama's apparent rising popularity poses a problem for the Republican Party.
"Certainly, going into an election spring and summer, it's better to have an incumbent president increasingly popular rather than less popular if you're the incumbent party," they told Business Insider.
The numbers present a striking contrast to some data points associated with the current Republican presidential frontrunner.
Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton at the Democratic National Convention. Alex Wong/Getty Images
A recent Gallup survey revealed that 42% of voters view Trump in a "highly unfavorable" light, compared with 16% who see them highly favorably. That's the highest negative percentage for any major presidential candidate since at least 1956, according to Gallup.
"I've been doing this [since] 1964, which is the Goldwater years," NBC/WSJ co-pollster Peter Hart told NBC of the relative unpopularity of many of the candidates earlier in the year. "To me, this is the low point. I've seen the disgust and the polarization. Never, never seen anything like this. They're not going up; they're going down."
Closest to Trump? Clinton, whom 33% of the electorate views highly unfavorably.
It helps explain why Clinton is attaching themselves to much of Obama's legacy. And Obama remains favorable to wide swaths of constituencies that Clinton needs to turn out to vote in November. The president holds high approval ratings among African-Americans (90%), Democrats (82%), Latinos (73%), and voters aged 18 to 34 (64%), according to Gallup.
And despite the strong primary challenge from Sen. Bernie Sanders, in many ways, Clinton has run an incumbent-style campaign, and they have had much of the party's establishment rallying behind them candidacy.
As Gallup's Dugan and Newport wrote earlier this year:
"In comparison, the two most recent candidates running to succeed a two-term president of the same party — John McCain running to follow the unpopular Bush, and Al Gore trying to succeed the popular but scandal-prone Bill Clinton — went to greater pains to ensure they were not associated with the outgoing president."
They concluded: "Prior to that, George H.W. Bush in 1988 presented themselves as a natural heir to the Reagan legacy and was able to win their own term."
A coalition of environment groups has filed a lawsuit in Federal Court alleging serious flaws with the Joint Review Panel's final report that recommended the pipeline be approved because “Canadians will be better off with this project than without it.”
The group is seeking a court order to prevent the federal cabinet from acting on the panel's report to approve the proposed pipeline.
Ecojustice lawyers representing ForestEthics Advocacy, the Living Oceans Society and the Raincoast Conservation Foundation allege the Joint Review Panel's 419-page report contains legal errors and that its approval is based on insufficient evidence.
"The JRP did not have enough evidence to support its conclusion that the Northern Gateway pipeline would not have significant adverse effects on certain aspects of the environment," said Ecojustice staff lawyer Karen Campbell, in a statement released on Friday.
"The panel made its recommendation despite known gaps in the evidence, particularly missing information about the risk of geohazards along the pipeline route and what happens to diluted bitumen when it is spilled in the marine environment."
Serious flaws alleged
In its lawsuit, the environmental coalition says the panel concluded that diluted bitumen is unlikely to sink in an ocean environment even though it says a federal study released earlier this week suggests otherwise.
The lawyers say the review panel did not consider the federal recovery strategy for Pacific humpback whales, whose critical habitat overlaps with the proposed tanker route, or identify mitigation measures for caribou populations.
The lawsuit also alleges the panel refused to consider the environmental impacts of upstream oilsands development and permits Enbridge to assess landslide risks during instead of before construction.
Pipeline construction is currently awaiting cabinet approval, which is expected sometime within the next six months. (CBC)
Ecojustice says the battle over Northern Gateway is about more than just one pipeline project. Campbell says it's the epicentre of the debate over Canada's energy future and Canada needs to get it right.
"There is simply too much at stake. Any decision about Northern Gateway must be based on the best available science. That's why the panel's incomplete and flawed report cannot stand as the final word on whether Northern Gateway is in the national interest," says Campbell in the release.
A cabinet decision on whether to accept the panel's recommendation and approve the pipeline is expected sometime in the next six months.
Under the new environmental assessment framework contained in the 2012 spring omnibus budget bill, cabinet has final decision-making power over Northern Gateway but is bound by the 209 conditions laid out in the Joint Review Panel report.
In the year 4010, humankind has ships in space but no colonies. Earth explodes and the last of our kind must set aside their differences and team up to tame a wild world and save humanity before time runs out! In this action packed cooperative strategy game, players will captain their starships as humankind's Last Starfleet! Everyone wins in Last Starfleet… or all is lost.
Each ship has its own deck of cards which players will use to upgrade their ships, guard against planet attacks and land their crew in order to win the game! Each planet will pose unique challenges to the team and landing your people is never an easy task.
What's So Awesome About Last Starfleet?
Content is family friendly!
Cooperative gameplay makes a really positive teaming experience!
Constantly engaging, so you won't just wait for your turn!
Ships and planets are unique, which makes it highly replayable!
Easy to pick up, but the strategies you build are complex!
Build the game YOU want! Backers will be deciding what expansions are unlocked at each stretch goal!
Campaign Update: All free stretch goal content has been unlocked! That means the deluxe version comes with well over 400 cards!
Review One very excited Parent Geek said, “Neat, neat game! I love the cooperative game play. I love the danger. I love the tension! Great game!” ...Every game felt tense and the game play unfolded like a science fiction adventure movie.- Cyrus, Father Geek!
Podcast Appearance - Jeff, All Us Geeks! - The Game of Crowdfunding *About the creator, the relaunch, the campaign itself and much more!
Video Review - "Last Starfleet is pretty awesome! ...it allows each person to shine... when I'm done playing the game, I feel like I've ACCOMPLISHED something!" - Lance, Undead Viking Videos *To skip the tutorial, if you already know the game, start at 25:30.
Review "Like a good new sci-fi novel, this game is a real page turner. You play and can't wait to play again." - Jim, Boardgaming.com
Review "If you are looking for a new co-op game that puts the fate of humanity in your hands, consider giving Last Starfleet your support." - Tyler, Board Game Quest
Review "Games like Last Starfleet are winning me over... the strategy and level of communication that players have to use to defeat the planet is a real relationship builder." - Matt, Through Gamer Goggles
Review "...the artwork is very polished, and the layout is clean and professional" - Dane, Everything Board Games
Podcast Appearance The Nerd Bay Podcast Appearance! Check out the Boardgame episode! Bob and the gang, The Nerd Bay
Kickstarter Badger ranked us the BEST CAMPAIGN 1/25/15! - Daniel, Meeplemechanic
Video Review "...you've got that bonding feeling, while your playing, of everyone working together. 100%, you're working together... you've got a great campaign here." - Michael, NVS Gameplays
Interview "...I could have raised $1M and still the metric I'd be most proud of is that I had 35% daily engagement from current backers for the first ~13 days." - Interview by James, Kickstarter Conversations
Core Game
Includes everything you need to play, with 4 ships and 2 planets.
Deluxe Game
Everything in the Core Game, but includes 6 ships and 3 planets, plus ALL the unlocked expansions!
Get Your Name On It!
Planet/Orbit cards have quotes on them. (Note: not the ship deck cards, just planet and orbit deck cards). We'll work with you to attribute a quote to you or someone you know. You can also work with us to name one of the captains! The final copy will have these captain's names. Message me your favored captain – these are first come first served.
*We are committed to doing this well enough that you won't notice the naming thing unless you already knew about it - So, no company names, weird call signs, or rude crudeness, please. Already heard some pretty hilarious requests. :D
Every $500 above our minimum funding goal, we will unlock something. YOU decide what that something is! We'll send current backers a survey link to vote on what will be unlocked at each level. And don't forget the add-on stretch goals! At $15,000 and $20,000, we'll make some extras available!
Things We'll Add to Core and Deluxe Copies
Orbit Deck Expansion - Exodus of Sol[unlocked] - reinforcing waves of helpful, but untrained and traumatized, refugees. KS Exclusive!
reinforcing waves of helpful, but untrained and traumatized, refugees. KS Exclusive! Core/Deluxe Game Ship Booster[unlocked] - Every copy of the game will include an additional card for each of the included ship decks!
- Every copy of the game will include an additional card for each of the included ship decks! Signed Card Gift![unlocked] - A signed duplicate card for everyone. This'll be random unless you attributed a card quote - in which case, it will be a duplicate of THAT card. Additionally, I'll sign the inside of the box lid on all name the captain copies (Least I can do - you're giving us almost $200!)
- A signed duplicate card for everyone. This'll be random unless you attributed a card quote - in which case, it will be a duplicate of THAT card. Additionally, I'll sign the inside of the box lid on all name the captain copies (Least I can do - you're giving us almost $200!) Also see - "How the World Burned," under Add-ons Section - Unlocked at $25,000 and included in all copies for free
Things We'll Add to Deluxe Copies
Ship Expansion[unlocked] - Galactic Command, Pangaea government
Galactic Command, Pangaea government Ship Expansion[unlocked] - Pay Dirt, orbital extraction and mining station
Pay Dirt, orbital extraction and mining station Ship Expansion[unlocked] - Eagle Eye, the lost cosmonauts
Eagle Eye, the lost cosmonauts Planet Expansion[unlocked] - Cryton, the siege of Cryton
Cryton, the siege of Cryton Planet Expansion[unlocked] - Kurmaraja, the sleeping giant
Kurmaraja, the sleeping giant Planet Expansion[unlocked] - Terra Nine, the jungle of madness
Terra Nine, the jungle of madness Planet Expansion[unlocked] - Derelict One, tragic site of the first use of a dark matter core
Derelict One, tragic site of the first use of a dark matter core Orbit Deck Expansion[unlocked] - Asteroid Belt, great and treacherous orbital rings
Spread the Word Goals!
Fan us on Board Game Geek and Like us on Facebook to unlock more things we'll add to both copies of the game!
25 Fans on Boardgamegeek[unlocked] - Core/Deluxe Game Orbit Booster 1 - Every copy of the game will include an additional KS Exclusive card for each of the included ORBIT decks!
Core/Deluxe Game Orbit Booster 1 - Every copy of the game will include an additional KS Exclusive card for each of the included ORBIT decks! 50 Fans on Boardgamegeek[unlocked] - Core/Deluxe Game Orbit Booster 2
Core/Deluxe Game Orbit Booster 2 100 Fans on Boardgamegeek[unlocked] - Core/Deluxe Game Orbit Booster 3
250 WGG Facebook Page Likes[unlocked] - Core/Deluxe Game Planet Booster 1 - Every copy of the game will include an additional KS Exclusive card for each of the included PLANET decks!
Core/Deluxe Game Planet Booster 1 - Every copy of the game will include an additional KS Exclusive card for each of the included PLANET decks! 500 WGG Facebook Page Likes - Core/Deluxe Game Planet Booster 2
Core/Deluxe Game Planet Booster 2 1,000 WGG Facebook Page Likes - Core/Deluxe Game Planet Booster 3
Add-ons are a way of giving you additional options without mucking up the backing tiers or increasing costs for everyone when only a few folks really want the additional offering. They have to be planned carefully and aren't as cost-efficient as we'd like, because they are very small print runs. All of these additions are in response to your surveys/comments.
We listened. :)
To add one of the unlocked add-ons, simply increase the dollar value of your current pledge. Post-campaign surveys will be sent to collect additional information and clarify what you want included in the box, when you receive your copy of Last Starfleet.
Because Stickers! - Unlocked!
This is a sheet of 10, 3x2" ovular matte stickers with the box cover art and Last Starfleet logo
Add $7
Ship Mats are Back! - Unlocked!
4x8" Full Color, Double-Sided, Ship Mats for All Nine Ships!
These can replace the three card ship mat set for each deck. You don't need them to play, but we sure like them. Think you will too.
Add $15
Last Starfleet T-Shirt - Will Be Unlocked if We Reach $20,000
These will be white t-shirts. Tentative design is the Last Starfleet captains across the front and a small logo in the lower right hand corner.
These will be quality shirts, not Vistaprint quick and easy ones. Much to our chagrin, we found that the latter wash out immediately upon looking at them.
Add $23
How the World Burned! - Will Be Unlocked if We Reach $25,000
We'll include a unique piece of the mystery of how Earth was destroyed in each KS copy. Work together to solve it, and we'll commit to printing an expansion
The first people to piece together exactly how it happened will receive free copies of that expansion, then it will be made commercially available
Add $0 - This is free - Included with every KS copy of the game sent out!
We'll do everything humanly possible to get your game to you before Christmas 2015!
We can bundle up to three games together per order, so you only have to pay the shipping cost once, if you find some friends and go in on an order together. To bundle, simply add the base cost of the additional games to your existing order and KS will only charge the one shipping fee. Add-ons will be included in the same shipping box.
United Kingdom, Canada, United States : $10
: $10 Rest of Europe Union : $20
: $20 Everywhere Else: $35
Our production and distribution plans have built-in contingencies to deal with ambiguity around campaign performance. If we only just make our goal, the game will be produced and distributed in the US. At the highest campaign performance levels, we'll be working with Panda Games for production and Shipwire, a large multinational fulfillment partner. We can use up to four Shipwire warehouse/distribution locations and will choose them based on demand - As of now, we've short listed London, Chicago and Toronto.
*The ~$13 shipping value should avoid VAT/import fees in most places, but you may prefer to wait until LSF is available in your area. Don't forget that the print & play is free!
Here is Undead Viking's full tutorial and review, the NVS review, and some early gameplay videos! The final version will be different since YOU are helping us build it. For instance, one of our Print & Play testers suggested that we use a single planet board. This greatly reduced the per game cost, and kept the game play the same!
Sam Oplinger - Lead. After eight years of management consulting in the provider healthcare and a lifetime of game design as a hobbyist, it is time to make it happen!
After eight years of management consulting in the provider healthcare and a lifetime of game design as a hobbyist, it is time to make it happen! Amit Ghadge - Graphic Design Lead. Founder and director of Crimzon Studios in Mumbai, India. Experience includes Storm the Castle, Tanks of War, and numerous comic books including Train of Thoughts, which is completely managed in-house.
Founder and director of Crimzon Studios in Mumbai, India. Experience includes Storm the Castle, Tanks of War, and numerous comic books including Train of Thoughts, which is completely managed in-house. Filip Dudek - Illustration. Filip's incredible vision of the Last Starfleet future has really brought the game to life! Their work really speaks for itself.
Filip's incredible vision of the Last Starfleet future has really brought the game to life! Their work really speaks for itself. Jason Williams - Video Producer. Through their company, Haptic Vision, Jason has produced, directed and edited full length narrative films, documentaries, and countless short projects.
Can I back at multiple levels? For instance, can I name a captain and get a quote? If exactly that comes up, message me. The easy additions you can make to any pledge are printed copies of the core game (Add $26 per additional copy) and the deluxe game (Add $50 per additional copy).
If exactly that comes up, message me. The easy additions you can make to any pledge are printed copies of the core game (Add $26 per additional copy) and the deluxe game (Add $50 per additional copy). Can I name my captain or card quote "Poopy Pants McGee?" We'll work with you to make the actual name you give us fit into the theme, so those don't end up looking like graffiti on the final product. In example, if you give us "Alec Nguyen," we might print " - Sergeant Alec Nguyen," as the attribution. If you give us "My kitty cat, mittens" we might print something like "Colonist Mittens" or maybe "Felix Mittens."
We'll work with you to make the actual name you give us fit into the theme, so those don't end up looking like graffiti on the final product. In example, if you give us "Alec Nguyen," we might print " - Sergeant Alec Nguyen," as the attribution. If you give us "My kitty cat, mittens" we might print something like "Colonist Mittens" or maybe "Felix Mittens." Can I play a 1-player game? If I have enough ship decks, can I play a 7-8 player game? It isn't recommended, but you certainly can. Some of the content won't make sense in a 1-player game and over 6 players will reduce the difficulty of the game significantly.
It isn't recommended, but you certainly can. Some of the content won't make sense in a 1-player game and over 6 players will reduce the difficulty of the game significantly. I thought you already launched Last Starfleet? We did! It was our first try at Kickstarter and we learned an incredible amount. We drastically reduced the cost of the core game and our minimum goal by rethinking components and finding new manufacturers. With your continued support, we know this time around, we'll knock it out of the park!
We did! It was our first try at Kickstarter and we learned an incredible amount. We drastically reduced the cost of the core game and our minimum goal by rethinking components and finding new manufacturers. With your continued support, we know this time around, we'll knock it out of the park! Who did that epic voice over at the end of the video? Why that'd be my big bro, Andy. :)
A new study shows that percentage of non-American citizens who illegally voted in close races in recent years may have garnered the Democratic Party victories.
Using data from the Cooperative Congressional Election Study, The Washington Post reported Friday that the number of non-citizens voting for Democrats in past elections was “large enough to plausibly account for Democratic victories in a few close elections.”
The paper estimates that 6.4 percent of non-citizens voted in 2008 and 2.2 percent voted in 2010. In each case those voters overwhelmingly favored President Obama.
The paper also cited Sen. Al Franken's 2008 victory in Minnesota as a prominent example where illegal voting may have swayed an election. Mr. Franken won their race by 312 votes.
The study also found that measures put in place to prevent voter fraud have been largely ineffective.
“Nearly three quarters of the non-citizens who indicated they were asked to provide photo identification at the polls claimed to have subsequently voted,” the paper reported.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Researchers at Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology (KAIST) have developed a new graphene oxide-based speaker design said to be specifically targeted for the mobile audio market. The speaker does not require an acoustic box to produce sound.
The researchers used graphene in a relatively simple, two-step process that yielded a thermoacoustic speaker. Thermoacoustics is based on the idea that sound can be produced by the rapid heating and cooling of a material instead of through vibrations.
The team started by freeze-drying a solution of graphene oxide flakes. They then reduced and doped the oxidized graphene to improve its electrical properties. This resulted in an N-doped, three-dimensional, reduced graphene oxide aerogel (N-rGOA) that is freestanding. The final aerogel sound element has a porous macroscopic structure that can be easily modulated. The speaker consists of an array of 16 aerogels and operates on 40 watts of power. The speakers are flat and do not vibrate, which could make them suitable for embedding in walls and other surfaces.
Graphene-based speakers have been designed and tried quite successfully in the past, in examples like University of California's graphene-based earphone-sized speaker and Seoul's National University transparent and lightweight speaker made from Graphene. In this recent case, however, the simplicity and ease of the process make it potentially suitable for scaling up and hopefully reaching mass production.
UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Germany and Brazil are pushing the United Nations to be tougher on spying by beefing up an earlier U.N. resolution raising concerns that mass surveillance, interception of digital communications and personal data collection could harm human rights.
The word 'password' is pictured on a computer screen in this picture illustration taken in Berlin May 21, 2013. REUTERS/Pawel Kopczynski/Files
In a follow up to a U.N. resolution adopted last year, the two countries have drafted a new text that now includes metadata. The draft says unlawful or arbitrary surveillance, interception of communications and collection of personal data, including metadata, are “highly intrusive acts.”
Metadata is detail about communications such as which telephone numbers were involved in a call, when calls were made and how long they lasted, when and where someone logged on to an email account or the internet, who was emailed and what Web pages were visited.
The draft text circulated to the 193 U.N. members says these acts “violate the right to privacy and can interfere with the freedom of expression and may contradict the tenets of a democratic society, especially when undertaken on a mass scale.”
It calls on states to provide an effective remedy when a person's right to privacy has been violated by individual or mass surveillance.
The draft also asks the Geneva-based U.N. Human Rights Council to consider appointing a special rapporteur to identify and clarify standards protecting privacy rights.
The U.N. General Assembly's Third Committee, which deals with human rights, will vote on the draft later this month, and the resolution is then expected to be put to a vote by the General Assembly in December.
Resolutions passed by the General Assembly are non-binding, but can carry political weight.
“As the universal guardian of human rights, the United Nations must play a key role in defending the right to privacy, as well as freedom of opinion and expression in our digital world,” Germany's U.N. Ambassador, Harald Braun, said in a statement.
They added that the draft resolution would “help pave the way towards better protection standards.”
Last year, the General Assembly adopted a resolution by consensus that called for an end to excessive electronic surveillance and expressed concern at the harm such scrutiny might have on human rights. [ID:nL2N0JW1XG]
That resolution, also drafted by Germany and Brazil, came after former U.S. National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden exposed a global spying program by the NSA, sparking international outrage.
The United States, Britain, Australia, Canada and New Zealand - known as the Five Eyes surveillance alliance - supported last year's resolution after language suggesting foreign spying could violate rights was weakened.
A senior U.N. diplomat, speaking on condition of anonymity, described the draft this year as “highly contentious” and said it could be put to a vote instead of being passed by consensus.
“There are issues that a number of countries are concerned about,” they said. “It's trying to create a stronger environment against possible intelligence agencies activities than exists in existing treaties and we don't think that's justified.”
0
Two fights ended in under a minute this past Saturday at UFC 148, but one of those scraps concluded in curious fashion. After a standard takedown by Demian Maia, Dong Hyun Kim (Pictured) was forced to call it quits before the Brazilian jiu jitsu ace ever got the chance to do their thing on the canvas.
Although “Stun Gun's” loss officially went down in the record books as a TKO (Rib Injury) defeat, nobody knew exactly what caused the welterweight to keel over in pain. Thankfully, Kim's translator, Brian Rhee, cleared up the mystery on The Underground Forums.
“The injury actually occurred about 30 seconds into the fight when the fighters were on the opposite side (from where the fight ended) of the Octagon,” Rhee wrote. “Maia had one of Stun Gun's legs, which is a position that they actually like. As they were tied up, somehow Stun Gun got a muscle spasm in their side. They told their corner that something was wrong.
“Kim defended Maia's takedown attempts for a while, but by the time they got to the other side of the Octagon, they were in too much pain. The position in which the injury happened is the kind that happens in training all the time, but for some reason it caused a severe muscle spasm this particular time. It truly was a freak accident.”
While the muscle spasm was an unfortunate injury at the most inopportune time, their bout with Maia still goes down as a loss on their résumé. Hopefully for the 30-year-old, UFC brass will erase the contest from their memory bank.
Rhee didn't mention how long Kim will be forced to ride the pine.
Pump jacks are seen at dawn in an oil field in Lost Hills, Calif., over the Monterey Shale formation. David McNew/Getty Images
The Obama administration published a small library's worth of climate change documents on Friday, outlining 38 federal agencies' vulnerabilities to global warming and how they will address them -- as well as a separate and even larger set of new government-wide plans to cut down on greenhouse gas emissions and achieve new targets for sustainability.
In sum, the reports represent over a thousand pages of climate change threat assessment and sustainability planning by a vast federal complex that collectively operates 360,000 buildings, maintains 650,000 vehicles and spends $25 billion on energy costs per year.
In many cases, the vulnerabilities revealed are stark. The Department of Agriculture, for instance, sees "the potential for up to 100 percent increase in the number of acres burned annually by 2050" by wildfires, according to its new adaptation report. The agency notes that fire suppression expenditures have already grown from 13 percent of the Forest Service's budget in 1991 to 40 percent of it today, and says the service's other operations are imperiled by the continual demand to throw more resources at fires.
The Department of Health and Human Services, in its new report, says it views climate change as "one of the top public health challenges of our time." It outlines risks including more frequent or worse extreme heat events -- which the agency calls "the leading weather-related cause of death in the U.S." -- changes in vector-borne diseases like West Nile virus and Chagas disease, and "increased production of plant-based allergens," leading to more episodes of asthma and allergic responses in some people.
The health agency also notes that "climate change is anticipated to have its greatest impact on people whose health status is already at risk and who have the fewest resources to address or adapt to climate change risks."
NASA, in its report, warns that climate change could actually interfere with its ability to get to space. "Many Agency assets -- 66% of its assets when measured by replacement value -- are within 16 feet of mean sea level and located along America's coasts, where sea level rise and increased frequency and intensity of high water levels associated with storms are expected," the agency notes. Climate vulnerable NASA assets, says the agency, include both launch facilities that take human beings and cargo into space, as well as the systems on the ground that help maintain the functionality of NASA's space operations.
These adaptation plans update and significantly extend an earlier suite of documents delivered by the agencies in February of 2013. Moving before the other agencies, the Defense Department released its own updated adaptation plan earlier this month, with Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel describing climate change as a "threat multiplier" because it worsens many of the challenges that the military faces, including terrorism and disease.
In a separate set of documents, meanwhile, the federal agencies show how they have already cut their own greenhouse gas emissions, decreased their energy use, and taken other steps to improve sustainability -- and plan to continue to do so. Such sustainability plans must now be updated annually by all of the agencies.
According to the White House, such measures have reduced emissions from the federal government by over 17 percent since President Obama came into office, "the equivalent of permanently taking 1.8 million cars off the road." The federal government has also cut water use by 19 percent and has begun to derive over 9 percent of the energy it uses from renewable sources. The goal, by 2020, is for a 28 percent government-wide greenhouse gas emissions reduction -- which would also entail $8 billion to $11 billion in reduced energy costs.
The collective release of the reports, says Mike Boots, current head of the White House Council on Environmental Quality, will help the federal government to "leave behind a planet that is not polluted and damaged and protect our ability to provide the vital services American communities depend on."
The flurry of documents emerges from a five-year process of federal climate change sensitization that began with an executive order by Obama in 2009 that called on the federal government to reduce its emissions and become more energy efficient and sustainable. Later, in 2010, a government task force recommended that the agencies also prepare individualized plans concerning their climate change vulnerabilities and how they would adapt to them. This progressed further in 2013 with Obama's speech at Georgetown University laying out their climate agenda, and a 2013 executive order requiring agencies to update and extend their first set of climate adaptation plans -- with a particular focus on any climate-related risks that threaten each agency's core mission.
"It's great to see the administration continue the drumbeat of reports and analysis and action on promoting resilience to climate change impacts," says Vicki Arroyo, executive director of the Georgetown Climate Center, which tracks federal climate change adaptation measures closely. "It's really important for the federal agencies to look at changes that they need to make in their own facilities and operations in order to be able to prepare for the changes that are in store for all of us."
For an administration with only two more years in office -- headed by a president thought to see climate action as a key part of their legacy -- perhaps most significant is how these documents advance a government-wide process of ever-increasing climate-change readiness as well as moves toward greater sustainability. The steps along the way are myriad, ranging from new energy efficiency measures by the General Services Administration, which maintains federal buildings, to the Department of Housing and Urban Development's requirement that hospitals and other buildings it funds are built at a sufficient elevation to ensure they are protected from flooding.
Or as the president's initial 2009 executive order on climate change put it: "In order to create a clean energy economy that will increase our Nation's prosperity, promote energy security, protect the interests of taxpayers, and safeguard the health of our environment, the Federal Government must lead by example."
Ever have trouble keeping up with the new restaurants and cafés in Edinburgh and Glasgow? Don't worry, it happens to the best of us, but we can help. This is our new monthly column on the notable new openings across Scotland, from craft beer bars to charming cafés to ping pong-powered nightspots. Opening a new food and drink venue in Edinburgh or Glasgow? Let us know – send the details to peter.simpson@theskinny.co.uk.
Seasons
The Seasons team fuse Scottish ingredients with Nordic influences to create tasting menus based on the best produce they can get their hands on. Expect to see an eclectic list of ingredients, have a short wait in lovely surroundings, then be amazed by what the kitchen team manage to do with said ingredients. 36 Broughton Street, Edinburgh
Century General Store & Café
Imagine the corner shop from a Wes Anderson movie came to life in a leafy bit of Edinburgh. That's Century General Store, a lovely shop and café packed to the rafters with design gifts, locally-sourced treats and homeware. The Century team have now opened a second venue at Montrose House in Abbeyhill, with a 20-seat café serving coffee from Steampunk Coffee and sweet treats from Bostock Bakery and Grace & Co, along with a host of other edible goodies. Montrose House, 1 Montrose Terrace, Edinburgh
Obadiah Coffee
Taking up temporary residence at the foot of the Grassmarket next to Dance Base, Obadiah is a pop-up coffee shop from the start-up supplier whose beans have been seen at Filament and Fortitude in recent weeks. Obadiah's coffee roastery is in the Bulgarian capital Sofia, with the business working with disadvantaged groups in Bulgaria and the UK. They're serving up their own-roasted, single-origin coffees in a bright and airy space – sounds alright by us. 16 Grassmarket, Edinburgh
Proud Mary
Ping pong! Yes, you read right, ping pong! Proud Mary on Queen Street combines an eclectic food and drink menu upstairs with a 'Ping Pong Ballroom' in the basement. There's a bumper beer garden outside and plans for regular DJ sets and live music inside, so plenty to distract from that one mate who insists they 'meant' an incredible lucky shot and won't stop going on about it. Something for everyone, we believe is the phrase. 25 Queen Street, Glasgow
Smoak
The Glasgow barbecue aces have a permanent home – following residencies at the likes of Tribeca and Pivo Pivo, the Smoak crew have set up shop in the Merchant City. There's plenty of locally-sourced, slow-cooked barbecue goodness, as well as an inventive breakfast menu and a number of Asian-inspired dishes to mix things up a bit. 6 Royal Exchange Sq, Glasgow
Guests: Guy Branum Guests: Karen Tongson Guests: Wynter Mitchell Guests: April Wolfe
On this week's Pop Rocket, Guy Branum, Wynter Mitchell and Karen Tongson are joined by LA Weekly film critic April Wolfe for a deep dive into the French horror film Raw by director Julia Ducournau. The movie centers on Justine, a young vegetarian who, along with their sister, is studying to become a veterinarian. When Justine is pressured to eat a rabbit's kidney at a party, that act unleashes all their carnal desires, such as the desire to eat people. When Raw screened in Los Angeles, theaters handed out barf bags to moviegoers because some people can't handle the graphic realism. In this episode, you'll find out why April considers this to be one of the best horror movies of all time. Karen Tongson impresses with a quick history lesson on French veterinary science, and Guy and Wynter explore the ways fear of female sexuality plays such a core role in horror films.
Also in this episode, April's all about the Anne Hathaway film "Colossal", Wynter's all about that Pepsi ad, Guy's all about Shit Town and Karen thinks folks should get into season three of "Grace & Frankie". Plus, the gang shares their favorite jams, but this week Guy's jam isn't a song. It's the horrific footage of the United passenger getting dragged through the plane.
It's a jam-packed episode. Enjoy!
With Guy Branum, Wynter Mitchell, Karen Tongson and April Wolfe.
That's My Jam:
April Wolfe - Kleenex/ Liliput - Hitch-Hike
Karen Tongson - Lionel Richie - You Are
Wynter Mitchell - Iggy Azalea - Mo Bounce
Each week we'll add everyone's jams to this handy Spotify playlist.
You can let us know what you think of Pop Rocket and suggest topics in our Facebook group or via @PopRocket on Twitter.
Produced by Christian Dueñas and Kara Hartfor MaximumFun.org.
For full disclosure: I know more than most about the intersection between the Republican presidential candidate and national security.
No, I don't work for Mr Trump, nor am I part of their campaign staff of advisors. But last summer, long before anyone outside of their own family took their candidacy seriously, Donald Trump reached out to me for advice on national security issues.
We met twice in their Manhattan office to discuss broad questions to do with national security, and I wrote them a selection of policy papers (the details of which fall under an NDA. Sorry!).
Now they are the official presidential candidate of the GOP, much to the surprise of many a RINO and the chagrin of a certain Texan senator who refused to endorse them (after pledging to endorse whoever became the GOP candidate).
Mr. Trump has successfully outwitted all the bookies and establishment grandees by speaking plainly and riding the wave of serial controversies that do far greater damage to their detractors than their own standing among the voters.
The latest storm was generated by the NYT interview they gave yesterday. When asked about coming to the aid of NATO nations under attack, Trump answered that that depends upon how they have fulfilled their obligations to us, and if they had done so, they would aid them, adding that “Many NATO nations are not making payments, are not making what they're supposed to make. That's a big thing. You can't say forget that.”
Well with that the chattering classes were off to the races. From Chris Matthews on down (or is it up?) the cries went out: “How can Trump say this?” “He's endangering our allies.” “He's emboldening Putin!” “Doesn't they know we have treaty obligations?!”
Now I am not a Trumpster (I grew up under, and was formed by, the leadership of Maggie Thatcher, a very different kind of leader), but can we just stop for a moment and look at what the presidential candidate actually said?
They said: it if our allies keep to their commitments (hear an echo Senator Cruz?), we will defend them. How outrageous of Donald Trump! Or was it?
At the moment, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization has 28 sovereign members, from the mighty America, to the lilliputian Estonian. Of the almost 30 countries, only 5 reach the consensus requirement for NATO members to dedicate just 2% of their GDP to their own defense (Estonia, interestingly being one of them).
The other 23 countries have decided for decades that they don't want to pay for their own protection. They'll just freeload on America's good will. (I mean the yanks saved Europe from self-destruction twice, so they'll do it again. Right. Right……??)
I cut my teeth on NATO issues when I still lived in Europe, and from experience can confirm that the majority of European nations have taken American goodwill – and our dollars – for granted.
Yes, NATO is an alliance based on values and not just parochial interests. But it is not a US-funded charity, and that is how it has been treated since the end of the Cold War by the majority of its members.
The Gray Lady's follow-up piece today on the Trump kerfuffle is entitled: “Donald Trump's Remarks Rattle NATO Allies and Stoke Debate on Cost Sharing.”
I can personally attest that Mr. Trump has a long way to go when it comes to being au fait with the intricacies of national security, but on this one they are 100% correct. And I, for one, am glad that after taking America for granted for so long, the freeloaders are “rattled” and talking about “cost-sharing.”
And I am quite certain that, should Donald Trump be elected the Commander-in-Chief of the United States of America, they won't just be “talking” about it.
Sebastian Gorka is the Major General Horner Chair of Military Theory at Marine Corps University and author of the new NYT bestseller Defeating Jihad. Follow them on Twitter at @SebGorka.
* Dedicated to all those who took part in World War II *
Assassination Attempts on Hitler's Life - page 1 of 1 - a collection of accounts of some of the seventeen planned attempts, from 1939 to 1945. (The first attempt was by a lone assassin and therefore not planned by a group) This is a summary of the main attempts.
MUNICH
Johann Georg Elser, born January 4, 1903, had served an apprenticeship as cabinetmaker (Schreiner) and from 1929 to 1932 worked in Switzerland at this trade then returned to Germany to assist in their fathers lumberyard. They bitterly resented the Nazi stranglehold on labour unions and the growing restrictions on religious freedom. They then decided to kill Hitler by placing a time bomb in one of the columns behind the podium where Hitler was to give a speech in the Burgerbrau Beer Cellar in Munich. The bomb was set to detonate at preciesly 9.20pm on Wednesday, November 8, 1939. At 8.10 Hitler enters the beer hall but at 9.12pm they suddenly end their speech and departs. Eight minutes later the bomb explodes killing eight people and wounding sixty-five including Eva Braun's father. Seven of those killed were Nazi Party members. Elser, who, since 1933, refused to give the nazi salute, is later arrested as they tried to cross the border into Switzerland at Konstanz. They were held for questioning due to the 'strange content' of their belongings. They were transported to Sachsenhausen concentration camp, and later confined in the concentration camp at Dachau. On the 9th Of April, 1945, two weeks before the war ended in Europe, Johann Elser was executed by the SS. In the city of Bremen a street was named in their honour, Georg-Elser Weg. In Berlin a memorial has been erected and a plaque to their memory is sited in their hometown, Koenigsbronn. (In September, 1979, the Burgerbraukeller was demolished. On its site now stands the Munich City Hilton Hotel)
THE BERGHOF
On March 11, 1944, Cavalry Captain Eberhard von Breitenbuch attended a conference at Hitler's villa the ‘Berghof' on the Obersalzberg. Concealed on their person was a small Browning pistol with which they intended to shoot their Führer and at the same time was willing to sacrifice their own life in the attempt. They felt that the war was now at such a stage that the complete destruction of Germany was inevitable and that Hitler had to be stopped. Breitenbuch enters the conference room behind Field Marshal Ernst Busch, who suspects nothing, but as they approach the door they are stopped by the Duty Sergeant who explains "Sorry, no adjutants beyond this point, Führers orders". So yet another attempt fails.
BERLIN
On March 20, 1943, Colonel Rudolf von Gertsdorff, General Kluge's chief of intelligence, tried to kill Hitler in the Zeughaus. The concealed bomb was to be detonated by acid while they stood close to Hitler in the exhibit hall. Unfortunately Hitler left the building before the acid could act and Gertsdorff immediately entered the men's room and flushed the fuse down the toilet.
In February, 1944, Infantry Captain Axel von dem Bussche agrees to blow up Hitler and themselves while they demonstrate a new army winter overcoat to the German leader. Fate intervenes the day before when during a British air raid the uniforms were destroyed and Bussche was returned to duty at the front. A few weeks later another ‘overcoat' attempt was made. This time the volunteer model was Ewald Heinrich von Kleist, son of one of the original conspirators and included Major General Helmuth Stieff. Again the RAF saved the day with an air-raid just before the demonstration was about to take place forcing its cancellation. Ewald von Kleist survived the war and became a publisher. They died in Munich on March 8, 2O12, aged 90.
THE BERGHOF
On July 11, 1944, Staff Officer Lt. Colonel Count Claus Schenk von Stauffenberg, convinced that they and they alone could assassinate Hitler, attended another conference at the Berghof. Concealed inside their briefcase was a time bomb. Waiting outside in a gateaway car was their co-conspirator, Captain Friedrich Klausing. Inside the Berghof, Stauffenberg telephones their colleagues in Berlin to tell them that neither Goering nor Himmler is present. They insist that the attempt be aborted. Stauffenberg then returns to Berlin to plan their next assassination attempt.
RASTENBURG
Stauffenberg's second attempt occurs at Hitler's Wolf's Lair headquarters in East Prussia. On July 15, 1944, they attend a Fuhrers briefing and observes with dismay that Himmler is again absent. The attempt was once again aborted.
RASTENBURG
Thirty six year-old Stauffenberg's final attempt occurred on July 20, 1944. Four days earlier, the attempt was decided upon during a meeting at their residence at No. 8 Tristanstrasse, Wansee. Himmler or no Himmler, the attempt must go ahead, come what may. If the attempt was successful, Hitler's replacement was to be Karl Friedrich Goerdeler, former Lord Mayor of Leipzig and a diehard opponent of Hitler. At 12.00pm Stauffenberg and General Fromm report to Field Marshal Keitel's office for a briefing before entering the conference room. At 12.37pm, Stauffenberg places their briefcase, containing 2,000 grams of Plastik-W explosives, under the map table, then leaves the room on the pretext of making a telephone call. The officer Colonel Brandt, No.4 who took their place noticed the briefcase and with their foot pushed it further under the table. The heavy oak table support protected Hitler from the full force of the explosion. At 12.42pm, the bomb explodes. By this time Stauffenberg is on their way back to Berlin. At 6.28pm a radio broadcast from Wolf's Lair reports that Hitler is alive but only slightly wounded. Later that night, at 12.30am, Stauffenberg and their co-conspirators, Haeften, Olbricht and Mertz, are arrested and executed by firing squad in the inner courtyard of the Bendlerstrasse Headquarters in the glare of a trucks head-lights.
(Immediately after Colonel Stauffenberg's assassination attempt, their wife and four children were arrested and imprisoned. Freed by the Allies at the end of the war and pregnant at the time of their arrest, they gave birth to their fifth child while in prison. One of their brothers, Berthold, was also arrested and executed after the failed plot.)
Adolf Hitler General Heusinger Luftwaffe General Korten (Died of wounds) Colonel Brandt (Died of wounds) Luftwaffe General Bodenschatz (Severely wounded) General Schnunt (Died of wounds) Lt. Colonel Borgman (Severely wounded) Rear Admiral Von Puttkamer Stenographer Berger (Killed on the spot) Naval Captain Assmann General Scherff General Buhle Rear Admiral Voss SS Group Leader Fegelein Colonel Von Bellow SS Hauptsturmfuhrer Gunsche Stenographer Hagen Lt. Colonel Von John (Adjutant to Keitel) Major Buchs (Adjutant to Jodl) Lt. Colonel Weizenegger Min. Counsellor Von Sonnleithner General Warlimont (Concussion) General Jodl (Lightly wounded) Field Marshal Keitel
Between August 8, 1944 and April 9, 1945, Ninety persons were executed in Plötzensee prison for their part in the attempted coup of July 20.
PARIS
Another attempt to assassinate Hitler was planned for July 27, 1940, in Paris, where Count Fritz-Dietlof von der Schulenberg planned to shoot Hitler from the reviewing stand during a military parade in Hitler's honour. Hitler however secretly visited Paris in the early hours of July 23, visiting all the city's famed buildings. They began their tour at 6am and by 9am they ended their tour and departed the city. A few days later Schulenberg recieved word that theirs hoped for July 27 military parade had been cancelled.
PARIS
Despite Schulenberg's failure to lure Hitler to Paris for the special parade, Field Marshal Erwin von Witzleben had plans of their own to assassinate Hitler. In May, 1941, they attemped to lure Hitler to Paris under a similar pretext. The visit was scheduled for May 21st but was abruptly called off at the last minute.
SIEGFRIED LINE
In 1939, prior to the outbreak of WWII, German General Kurt von Hammerstein repeatedly attempted to lure Hitler into visiting the Army's fortifications along the Seigfried Line near the Dutch border where they commanded a base. Hammerstein and their co-conspirator, retired General Ludwig Beck, had planned a ‘fatal accident' to Hitler during their inspection of the base. Hitler however, never honoured the invitation, instead they turned the tables on Hammerstein by placing them on the retired list.
POLTAVA
Another plot to assassinate Hitler was hatched at Army Group B Headquarters at Walki near Poltava in Ukraine. This time the conspirators were General Hubert Lanz, their Chief of Staff, Major-General Dr. Hans Speidel and Colonel Count von Strachwitz, the commanding officer of the Grossdeutschland Tank Regiment. The plan was to arrest Hitler on their anticipated visit to Army Group B in the spring of 1943. Hitler, at the last minute, changed their mind and instead decided to visit their forces fighting in Saporoshe further east.
SMOLENSK
On March 13, 1943, three attempts were planned on Hitler's life. Field Marshal Guenther von Kluge, commander of Army Group Center on the eastern front, finally managed to lure Hitler into visiting their headquarters at Smolensk. However a number of officers on Kluge's staff had other thoughts on how to assassinate Hitler. Colonel Henning von Tresckow, who hated Hitler and the Nazis, together with Lt. Fabian von Schlabrendorff, Colonel Rudolf von Gersdorff and Cavalry Captain Georg von Boeslager had hatched a plan to get rid of their Führer.
Plan 1
Captain von Boeslager and their company were to serve as armed escort to Hitler's motorcade. During the drive from the airfield the Führer's car was to be gunned down in an ambush. The attempt was aborted when Hitler arrived with their own armed escort of 50 SS guards.
Plan 2
The second attempt was to take place during lunchtime in the mess hall. At a given signal, Tresckow was to rise from the table and open fire on Hitler as they ate lunch, but the sight of so many SS close to Hitler arouses fear of failure and so once again the attempt was aborted. Colonel Treskow (Now Major General) on hearing the news of the failure of the July Plot of 1944, in which they were implicated, committed suicide by walking into a Russian line of fire on the Eastern Front.
Plan 3
As Hitler leaves by plane for Berlin, Tresckow instructs Schlabrendorff to hand over a package to Colonel Heinz Brandt who is flying back with Hitler. The package, containing two bottles of brandy, is a gift for Major-General Helmuth Stieff in Berlin. Concealed in the package is a time bomb but it failed to explode owing to the high altitude cold air freezing the acid in the detonator cap. When news of Hitler's safe arrival reached the plotters, Schlabrendorf immediately flew to Berlin with the regular courier plane and retrieved the package from Colonel Brandt, replacing it with two genuine bottles.
In February, 1945, Albert Speer, Hitler's Armaments Minister, came to the conclusion that their Führer was deliberately committing high treason against their own people. It was then that Speer decided that Hitler must be eliminated. During one of their many walks in the Chancellery gardens they took note of a ventilation shaft leading to Hitler's bunker. An idea formed in their mind and they discreetly asked the head of munitions production, Dieter Stahl, if they could procure some of the new gas, Tabun, which they intended to conduct into the ventilation shaft of the bunker. Stahl, who was sympathetic to the idea, revealed that Tabun was effective only after an explosion and would not be suitable for the purpose which Speer intended. Another gas had to be found but the whole idea was thwarted when armed SS sentries were placed around the bunker entrances and on the roof. A chimney had also been built around the ventilation shaft to a height of ten feet which put the air-intake of the shaft out of reach. At the Nuremberg War Crimes Trials, Albert Speer was sentenced to twenty years imprisonment, which they served to the very last minute, in Spandau Prison, Berlin. While in Spandau they wrote their memoirs "Inside The Third Reich".
Russia plans to investigate American media outlets to determine whether they illegally influenced the Kremlin's 2016 parliamentary elections, according to a Wednesday Moscow Times report.
Leonid Levin, head of the legislative Committee on Information and Communication, reportedly said CNN, Voice of America and Radio Free Europe were among those being investigated.
ADVERTISEMENT
They said the work of journalists at those outlets could have interfered with Russian election results.
"The structures we are discussing are part of a larger American system of pressure on our country. They are using a variety of instruments in respect to both the Russian electoral process and on our country as a whole,” Levin said Tuesday at a State Duma committee meeting, according to the Moscow newspaper.
They said the committee invited representatives from both CNN and Voice of America to appear before it, but neither responded.
The U.S. funds Voice of America and Radio Liberty/Radio Free Europe, while CNN is a privately owned broadcast company.
Levin noted that the U.S. is conducting similar investigations on Russian media.
“The U.S. Senate is considering a bill which grants the U.S. Justice Ministry — including the FBI — additional powers to investigate potential violations of U.S. law by RT America. Similar claims have been leveled at [state-funded English-language news website] Sputnik and other Russian media," Levin continued.
At the end of March, the leaders of the U.S. Senate Intelligence Committee said its investigation into Russia's interference in the presidential campaign was expanding.
Lawmakers said at the time they were revewing documents, scheduling interviews and preparing to issue subpoenas as needed.
A week ago, we showed a video of what we hoped was not representative of the general sentiment among Germans towards the refugee crisis as two ladies suggested, "Every year 2-3 million arrive...it's generally about foreign infiltration." Now we have the other side as the following video shows a muslim man threatening a German that "his daughter will wear a headscarf and marry a Muslim and that Germans stand no chance with their low birth rate," adding that muslims will will "conquer Europe not with weapons, but with birth rates."
This, according to the mulsimman in the video, is the alleged punishment by Allah, the almighty god himself, for the acts of "colonizing and exploiting their countries so they can drive Mercedes and have digital cameras".
Given this video, whether right-wing propaganda or not, as we detailed previously, anger is spilling over to the common people: "In Freiberg in Saxony on Sunday evening demonstrators tried to stop asylum seekers reaching a refugee centre. The protesters tried to stop a bus with refugees from driving further down the road by staging a sit-in.
Some people threw apples at the bus, while others set off bangers, the Süddeutsche Zeitung reported. Around 50 counter-demonstrators also turned up to the anti-refugee sit-in and there were tense verbal stand-offs between the two groups, although police confirmed the situation did not escalate into violence."
Meanwhile in Mecklenberg-Western Pomerania, two local politicans have been threatened by people with presumed far right motives, reports the Hamburg Abendblatt.
...
And with xenophobia slowly on the rise, the far-right elements are stirring: "Meanwhile in Mecklenberg-Western Pomerania, two local politicans have been threatened by people with presumed far right motives, reports the Hamburg Abendblatt."
Patrick Dahlemann of the Social Democratic Party (SPD) had their car attacked with butyric acid. The foul smelling chemical was poured onto their vehicle. On their Facebook page Dahlemann said that they would not be intimidated in their efforts to foster a “a real culture of hospitality” in the poor north-eastern state. Party colleague Susann Wippermann also suffered threats when an unknown person wrote “traitor to the nation” on their car windscreen.
This follows a warning last week from the Federal Office of Investigation (BKA) which warned that politicians who support refugees face increased danger of attack from far right groups. Earlier in October Cologne Mayor Henriette Reker was stabbed while campaigning for election by an assailant with self-declared anti-refugee motives.
* * *
As Raul Ilargi Meijer recently noted, however, this ignorance and denial threatens to lead to a needless increase in nationalism, fascism, violence, misery, death and warfare. If we were to acknowledge that the change is inevitable, and prepare ourselves accordingly, much of this could be avoided.
There are two main engines of change that have started to transform the Europe we think we know.
First, a mass migration spearheaded by the flight of refugees from regions in the world which Europeans have actively helped descend into lethal chaos. Second, an economic downturn the likes of which hasn't been seen in 80 years or so (think Kondratieff cycle).
Negative ideas about refugees are already shaping everyday opinion and politics in many places, and this will be greatly exacerbated by the enormous economic depression that for now remains largely hidden behind desperate sleight-of-hands enacted by central bankers, politicians and media.
* * *
And now we have Merkel...
*MERKEL SAYS REFUGEES IN GERMANY MUST STICK TO THE RULES
*MERKEL: MUST BE CLEARER ABOUT RETURNING FAILED ASYLUM-SEEKERS
*MERKEL: 2 EU PILLARS UNDER ATTACK IN EURO, FREEDOM OF MOVEMENT
*MERKEL: BUSINESS SHOULD SEE REFUGEE CRISIS AS OPPORTUNITY
In other words - you're welcome!
The border between North and South Korea is about as tense as it gets, with armed guards from both sides eyeing each other through binoculars and apparently ready to shoot at the slightest provocation.
But there is one place near that border where the two Koreas have tried to play nice: the Kaesong Industrial Zone. It's located in North Korea and employs a largely North Korean workforce. But South Korean companies operate there, usually with their own managers.
Today, though, North Korea's military seized the factories, and ordered the several hundred South Korean workers in Kaesong to pack up.
“North Korea only took these steps after South Korea said it was going to temporarily halt operations at the complex,” points out Seoul-based reporter Jason Strother. “North Korea did not take too kindly to Seoul's words that they were going to close down.”
A North Korean employee works in a factory of a South Korean company at the Joint Industrial Park in Kaesong industrial zone, a few miles inside North Korea from the heavily fortified border December 19, 2013. Credit: REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji
South Korea's government alleges that the money North Korea earns from Kaesong was going to fund its nuclear weapon program and long range missile tests. “These have been very hot issues over the past month here in Seoul,” says Strother, “and South Korea says this will deprive the Kim Jong-un regime of having the resources to carry out these nuclear programs.”
More than 50,000 North Koreans work in the cluster of 124 South Korean-owned factories. They don't produce shiny Samsung smartphones or new Hyundai cars, instead it's mostly cheap, low tech stuff, like clothes, shoes, kitchen utensils and wristwatches. Still, Kaesong was a rare source of cash for North Korea. Since it opened in 2004, the Kaesong complex has generated about $90 million annually in wages paid directly to Pyongyang's state agency that manages the zone.
More important perhaps than the jobs and the cash was the symbolism of the joint North-South economic zone. It was originally part of a "sunshine" policy to let the light shine on North Korea so that it would open up, says Strother. They say there's little evidence to show that it worked, but “it was seen as helping to loosen the mind control that the Pyongyang government has over its citizens and workers ... so it was the last bastion of hope here on the Korean peninsula that there could be better days ahead for the two nations.”
For now, it seems that a more conservative South Korean government is taking a tougher line. In response to the North's nuclear tests, South Korea is looking to cut off any sort of ties with Pyongyang.
So, for now, the factories are closed for business.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel decided to cancel a joint summit with Israel's government, scheduled for May 10 in Jerusalem. The official reason their office gave the Prime Minister's Office for the cancelation in the planned visit by Merkel and top officials was the German elections in September. But German and Israeli sources say there was another reason, albeit not the main one – their dissatisfaction at the Israel's new law to expropriate private Palestinian lands, enacted in Knesset last week.
>>> Get all updates on Israel and the Palestinians: Download our free App, and Subscribe >>>
An Israeli source who was in contact with the German Foreign Ministry and the chancellor's office last week reported hearing massive anger over the law. The Israeli source, who asked to remain anonymous due to the sensitivity of the issue, said they had heard from German officials that in response to the law's enactment, the German government had launched a number of initiatives, both publically and in diplomatic channels, to express its dismay at the legislation.
According to the source, one of those responses had to do with the Netanyahu-Merkel summit. Merkel's initiated the summit between the German and Israeli government during Ehud Olmert's term as prime minister. Since then they have been held almost annually, alternating between Berlin and Jerusalem, and including a meeting between the two premiers and between the ministers of the two governments, as well as a joint cabinet session. The purpose of the summits is to highlight the close relations between the two countries.
A few days before the Knesset passed the so-called "Regularization Law," the chancellor's office confirmed the date for the Jerusalem summit for May 10 and 11. But only a few days after the law passed, Merkel's national security adviser, Kristof Heusgen, contacted Netanyahu's office again and informed them that the chancellor had decided to postpone the summit, due to preparations for the elections in Germany.
However, the elections in Germany are scheduled for September 24, four and a half months after the original date for the summit. What the cancelation means that in an unusual occurrence, there will be no joint Israeli-German government summit this year. The Israeli source said they had heard from German officials that despite the election excuse, the real reason for the cancelation is the new law and Israel's decision to build 6,000 housing units in the settlements.
Germany's ambassador to Israel refused to respond to Haaretz's request for comment. Two senior German officials also refused to comment, but did not deny that the background for the cancelation was Berlin's dissatisfaction over the expropriation law.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
"The governments' summit will most likely not take place in May," a third senior German official said. "Regarding the elections – they are only in September."
However that was not the last of Germany's response to the expropriation law. In a rare move, the German Foreign Ministry decided to invite Israel's envoy to Germany, Yakov Hadas-Handelsman, for clarifications on the law. The invitation was unusual not just because it took place, but because of the high rank of the German officials involved in it – state secretary – as well as the strongly worded messages voiced to the Israeli ambassador.
In addition, Germany also published a strong public statement only days after the law passed, with its Foreign Ministry saying the German government no longer believed Israel is committed to the two-state solution.
"Our trust in the Israeli government's commitment to the two-state solution has been fundamentally shaken," Germany said in the statement. "We hope and look forward to the Israeli government renewing its commitment for the two-state solution to be reached through negotiations, and prove it by actual steps in accordance with the Middle East Quartet's demand," it said.
"After the puzzling remarks by several cabinet ministers who have publicly called for the annexation of parts of the West Bank, and are preparing bills for that purpose, this is now a question of credibility," it said.
Officials in Jerusalem deny receiving any indication from the Germans that the cause of the summit's cancelation was the expropriation law. A senior Israeli official said last week that only a day after the law passed, Kristof Heusgen, Merkel's national security adviser, called their Israeli counterpart, Jacob Nagel, the acting head of Israel's National Security Council, to request information on the new legislation.
The official noted that Heusgen did not voice any discontent regarding the law, but was only interested in understanding its ramifications. According to the official, Nagel explained the issue and even passed on to Merkel's aide a document outlining the law's key points. The official also noted that a few days later, Heusgen called again and announced that Merkel wants to postpone the summit because of the election campaign. "The issue of the law was never brought up during the second call," the official said.
The spokesperson for Israel's Foreign Ministry, Emmanuel Nahshon, also said that the request to delay the summit came from the Germans due to scheduling constrains arising from the September elections.
I was checking out some photos emerging from this weekend's Interesting 2011 conference held in London (there was a world record attempt at ping pong ball mouse trap nuclear fission, among other things) when I stumbled onto a portrait of the group's organizer Russel Davies being drawn with a very strange device. It turns out the robotic drawing machine was built by maker/designer/craftsman Sandy Noble and they call it a Polargraph which is really nothing more than a pen attached to string that's moved by two small motors. With an assist from good ‘ole gravity and some clever software the pen arcs back and forth, similar to a standard back-and-forth plotter printer, creating the beautifully textured drawings above.
Drawing machines are certainly nothing new, what with Harvey Moon's Drawing Machine that successfully debuted on Kickstarter last year, and even Eske Rex's enormous weight balanced spirograph drawing machine. However this variation on the design shows lots of exciting potential for such a primitive if somewhat quixotic method of drawing. You can learn more about the nitty gritty details of Noble's printer here and see some more photos here.
Renewable energy mix played role in SA blackout, third AEMO report confirms
Updated
South Australia's renewables-heavy power mix was a factor in the statewide blackout in September, a new report by the Australian Energy Market Operator (AEMO) has confirmed.
The report is the third in a series of investigations into the extraordinary loss of power during wild storms.
Previous reports confirmed a series of tornadoes severed high-voltage power lines, setting off a catastrophic chain of faults which resulted in the Heywood interconnector being cut off.
The interconnector failure left the state islanded from the national power grid and prompted a massive and rapid fluctuation of frequency, forcing all generators across South Australia to go offline.
Historically, the rate of frequency change following an interconnector failure has been managed successfully using load shedding, as demonstrated during a blackout earlier this month.
But the AEMO found in September, "the proportionally low amount of conventional generation dispatched in SA at the time of separation, and the subsequent low inertia, resulted in a higher [rate of change of frequency] than had been experienced during previous separation events".
Prior to the statewide blackout, windfarms had been providing 883 megawatts (MW) of power, the interconnector was operating close to its limit and providing 613 MW, while traditional thermal generators were providing just 330 MW of electricity.
Some of the state's biggest gas generators, including Pelican Point, were not operating.
The AEMO has subsequently ordered that two major gas-fired power stations remain online at all times in South Australia to keep the grid in a secure operating state.
Lower resilience to extreme events
The report also made reference to strong criticisms of South Australia's energy mix in the wake of the blackout.
"The significance of the event and the intensity of review has brought to the fore a range of broader issues associated with the changing generation mix across the NEM [National Electricity Market]," it stated.
"The generation mix now includes more non-synchronous and inverter-connected plants, which has different characteristics to conventional plant and uses active control systems to ride through disturbances.
"The growing proportion of this type of generating plant within the generation portfolio is leading to more periods with low inertia and low available fault levels, hence a lower resilience to extreme events."
The report found a series of voltage disturbances during the storm prompted the fault ride-through mechanisms on nine of the state's 13 active wind farms to trip, resulting in the loss of 456 MW of power generation.
The mechanisms are pre-set to trip after a certain number of faults within a defined time period, but the AEMO said it was not aware of this feature before the entire state was plunged into darkness.
The market operator maintains the intermittent nature of renewable energy did not contribute directly to the blackout.
A final report into the massive outage, due for release in March, will examine whether the result may have been different "if there had been a 500 MW less gas-fired plant in service in SA and Northern Power Station was still in operation".
Second interconnector one option to secure SA power
On Monday, the AEMO released a separate report looking at ways to help secure the stability of Australia's power grid.
In the document titled, The National Transmission Network Development Plan, the AEMO said a second interconnector between South Australia and New South Wales or Victoria, could prevent a repeat of September's statewide blackout.
South Australian Treasurer Tom Koutsantonis said the construction of a new interconnector was just one option.
"There are system security issues that can be put in place like greater controls on gas-fired turbines," Mr Koutsantonis said.
They said a second interconnector into New South Wales was actually agreed to in the 1990s, and then scrapped by the then-Liberal government.
"When the former government privatised ETSA [Electricity Trust of South Australia], as part of the deal to maximise sale price, they knocked out building an interconnector to NSW," they said.
"It would have cost us $90 million back then, today the cost is a billion dollars."
Topics: electricity-energy-and-utilities, industry, states-and-territories, government-and-politics, federal---state-issues, weather, storm-event, sa, australia
First posted
The American Civil Liberties Union filed a free speech lawsuit on behalf of one of the nation's most prominent right-wing provocateurs on Wednesday, arguing that Washington, D.C., transit officials violated Milo Yiannopoulos' 1st Amendment rights by removing advertisements for their new book.
Yiannopoulos, who is British, is not the group's only client in its lawsuit filed in federal court against the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority. The ACLU's lawsuit also objected to the agency's decision to block ad placements for the animal rights group People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals, the abortion provider Carafem and the ACLU itself.
But it's the left-leaning group's defense of Yiannopoulos — a former editor of Breitbart News who has criticized the ACLU in the past — that is likely to raise the most eyebrows.
But the case marks one of the first times that the ACLU has stepped in to represent a member of Yiannopoulos' milieu — the new generation of younger right-wing agitators who have gained national prominence over the last two years through online trolling and public spectacles, claiming the mantle of free speech advocacy while left-wing opponents accuse them of using hate speech against people of color, immigrants and Muslims.
“This case is a beautiful illustration of the indivisibility of the 1st Amendment,” said Lee Rowland, a staff attorney for the ACLU's national branch and one of the attorneys behind the lawsuit. “When we give government the power to regulate speakers based on their identity or their perceived level of offense, it reduces speech for all of us.”
Rowland added: “It is important to defend speech we hate, because that means the 1st Amendment tide rises for all of us.”
In statement sent to the Los Angeles Times via text message, Yiannopoulos said they were “glad that the ACLU has decided to tackle a real civil rights issue” after backing “plenty of bad causes in the past,” though they added that “they are also often in the right.”
“Free speech isn't about only support speech you agree with, it is about supporting all speech — especially the words of your enemies,” Yiannopoulos wrote. “Strong opponents keep us honest.”
The ACLU's lawsuit stems from ad rules instituted by the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority in 2015 that include bans on some medical advertisements and advertisements “intended to influence members of the public regarding an issue on which there are varying opinions.”
“One of our core allegations is that WMATA's rules are so vague that they could basically decide that any advertisement does or does not pass muster on a totally ad hoc basis,” said Rowland.
Requests to place paid ads for PETA, Carafem and ACLU “were flat-out rejected by these very mushy rules,” Rowland said.
( ACLU ) Shown are some of the advertisements rejected by the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority, according to an American Civil Liberties Union lawsuit. Shown are some of the advertisements rejected by the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority, according to an American Civil Liberties Union lawsuit. (ACLU)
In June, WMATA's outside advertising agency initially agreed to place ads for Yiannopoulos' new book, “Dangerous,” after reaching a $27,690 deal with Yiannopoulos' company, MILO Worldwide LLC, the lawsuit said.
But about 10 days into a four-week run, the agency reversed course and took down dozens of advertisements featuring Yiannopoulos' face and the book title after riders complained, offering to pay back Yiannopoulos' company, according to the lawsuit. Yiannopoulos refused, stating: “We consider this to be a violation of our 1st Amendment rights.”
The lawsuit seeks to have the ads reinstated for placement on Washington's transit system and for the agency's ad rules to be declared unconstitutional.
The agency plans to fight the lawsuit. “WMATA intends to vigorously defend its commercial advertising guidelines, which are reasonable and view-point neutral,” the agency said in a statement.
Yiannopoulos has since attempted to stage a comeback by self-publishing their book and launching an entertainment company based in Florida. Yiannopoulos' book has spent four weeks on the New York Times' combined print & e-book nonfiction bestseller list, though the book has been panned by mainstream critics.
The top Republican on the Senate environment committee said Thursday that newly released transcripts showing an ex-EPA official discussing their widespread fraud against the government -- as well as a pet "project" to "modify" capitalism -- are likely "the first layer of a very big onion" at the EPA.
Sen. David Vitter, R-La., is continuing to call for a hearing before the Environment and Public Works Committee on the case of John Beale. The former EPA official was sentenced in December to 32 months in prison for bilking taxpayers out of nearly $1 million by pretending to be a CIA agent.
The plot thickened, though, after a House committee this week released hundreds of pages of transcripts from a deposition they gave to congressional lawmakers in December. In it, Beale freely discussed the lies they told their colleagues, but also claimed they had been working on a "project" examining ways to "modify the DNA of the capitalist system."
Vitter, in a statement to FoxNews.com, suggested lawmakers need to learn much more about what was happening at the EPA during Beale's tenure.
"There were some major misjudgment and lack of leadership skills when it came to decisions surrounding John Beale, but it is still difficult to ascertain the lies from reality at this stage, whether coming from EPA or Beale himself," Vitter said. "My instinct is that this is just the first layer of a very big onion in terms of what has been going on at EPA."
Vitter's office has accused EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy, who at the time was Beale's boss, of looking the other way when Beale was collecting improper payments.
McCarthy has been credited with initially flagging Beale's activities and expenses, triggering the inspector general investigation which unraveled the scheme.
But, in the transcripts, they spoke in great detail about meetings they supposedly had with McCarthy, back when they were heading the Office of Air and Radiation.
Beale said they started meeting in mid-2009. At a lunch, they claimed their "fabricated story about working at CIA came up," and that they also discussed various projects. Beale recalled telling them about a project they wanted to work on, which they described as "green economics."
They argued that environmental regulation was reaching its "limits" because "the fundamental dynamic of the capitalistic system is for businesses and individuals to try to externalize all costs." So they said they began working on their plan.
This, they said, involved "coming up with specific proposals that could be -- could have been proposed either legislatively or things which could have been done administratively to kind of modify the DNA of the capitalist system."
Beale said this "is not new" and has happened "tens of times" in the history of capitalism.
"It's not a God-given system that was created once and never changes. It changes all the time," they said. They said McCarthy was aware of the project and "we met frequently to talk about it and had actually quite deep discussions." They said, though, that the project was eventually "scrapped."
They also claimed the project began under the George W. Bush administration.
In releasing the 263 pages of documents, the leaders of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee did not comment on that section of the transcript. They focused instead on the fraud Beale committed by lying about working for the CIA.
"This is an egregious example of fraud on the highest levels of management at the EPA," Rep. Darrell Issa, R-Calif., chairperson of the committee, said.
Rep. Elijah Cummings, D-Md., top Democrat on the committee, said Beale "spun an elaborate web of lies" to fool their EPA supervisors.
The EPA has not responded to a request for comment.
Beale's case was one of the more bizarre schemes run against the government in recent memory. Beale's trickery began more than a decade ago and was largely a scheme to collect unearned pay over roughly 13 years -- essentially by saying they needed to take off one workday a week for CIA missions.
In the committee documents, Beale acknowledged this was a "fantasy."
While Vitter is calling for a hearing on Beale's case, the chairperson of the Senate environment committee, Sen. Barbara Boxer, D-Calif., said last week they are not so inclined to hold one.
During an unrelated hearing, they noted that lawmakers already held a briefing and personally asked McCarthy to provide details on what safeguards are now in place following the Beale episode.
"And then we will look at whether or not we need a hearing," Boxer said.
Naguib Sawiris at the World Economic Forum on the Middle East. (Jobas / CC BY-SA 3.0)
Egyptian billionaire Naguib Sawiris is reportedly offering to buy an island for people fleeing to Europe from war-torn countries in the Middle East and Africa. “Greece or Italy, sell me an island,” Sawiris tweeted earlier this week. They even suggested a name for the new country: “Hope.”
The Independent reports:
When asked if their idea could actually work, Mr Sawiris said: “Of course it's feasible.”
“You have dozens of islands which are deserted and could accommodate hundreds of thousands of refugees.”
Mr Sawiris, who has an estimated net worth of $2.9billion, said although the idea could be problematic, something needed to be done to help the tens of thousands of people attempting to reach Europe in search of a better life.
“The way they are being treated now, they are being treated like cattle,” they claimed to AFP.
The billionaire's company Orascom TMT, which operates mobile networks across some African and Middle Eastern nations, is Egypt's largest employer.
More than 2,000 people have died attempting to cross the Mediterranean this year. Earlier this month, a photograph of three-year-old Syrian Aylan Kurdi dead on a beach in Turkey prompted a huge outburst of public support for a change to the EU's current policy.
Every genome is a miracle of packaging. Somehow a human cell crams two meters of DNA into its tiny nucleus, and yet this tangled mess can carry out the complex task of building and maintaining our bodies. Now, the most detailed look yet at this genomic jumble reveals loops of DNA that bring distant parts of chromosomes together, allowing them to act in concert. The work could help researchers pin down the genetic causes of diseases and help clarify how the genome functions.
“It sheds a light in a dark room,” says Wouter de Laat, a molecular biologist at the Hubrecht Institute in Utrecht, the Netherlands. “It puts things into perspective.”
Genes and the rest of each chromosome's DNA are strung like beads on a necklace. To turn on—or off—a gene must connect up with the appropriate regulatory DNA that controls its activity, which can be quite far away on that necklace or even on another necklace. So for decades, molecular biologists have suspected that the way DNA folds up in the nucleus is key to making these connections at the right time and in the right place.
But only recently have they figured out the biochemical tricks needed to catch DNA in its folded state. Their first techniques enabled them to look at the position of a single piece of DNA, such as a gene.
In 2009, Erez Lieberman Aiden, a biologist now at Baylor College of Medicine (BCM) in Houston, Texas, and their colleagues came up with a method they called Hi-C to look at all the connections at once. They couldn't see much detail—only down to a million-base resolution, many times larger than the size of a gene—and simply discerned that the DNA segregated into two “compartments,” one with active DNA and one where the genes tended to be turned off. But researchers could use this technique only on DNA they had removed from the nucleus, which led to imprecise results.
Now, by figuring out how to do Hi-C on intact nuclei, BCM's Suhas Rao and Miriam Huntley have drilled down deeper to get many more details. They can detect features as small as 1000 bases—smaller than a typical gene—and have come up with 3D DNA maps for eight lines of human cells, including cancer and basic tissues, and for one mouse cancer cell line. For one human lymphoid cancer cell line, for example, they detected 4.9 billion contacts between pairs of DNA pieces; for other cell types, the number of contacts ranged from 395 million to 1.1 billion. The more contacts between two particular pieces of DNA, the closer together those pieces are in 3D space.
Working with sophisticated computer programs, the researchers made these maps based on the contacts. They plotted how many times a pair of DNA pieces made contact and from those data determined where each piece of DNA was relative to all the rest of the DNA.
The genome is arranged into about 10,000 loops, Rao, Huntley, Aiden, and their colleagues report online today in Cell. A loop forms when two separated pieces of DNA come into close contact, with the loop being the DNA in between. In each cell type, different pieces of DNA come in contact, consequently changing the loops. These differences in structure may set up the different patterns of gene activity that define each cell type, Aiden explains. In the cells that come from female donors, the researchers also noticed gigantic loops in one of the X chromosomes—that loop likely silences that second X chromosome, as is necessary for the proper functioning of the still active X chromosome's genes.
The group compared maps of the mouse and human cancer cells. The maps were very similar, with most of the same loops, indicating that the 3D arrangements that define a specific type of cell have not changed much during evolution, the researchers report.
“It opens up a new way of looking at biology,” says Vishy Iyer, a molecular biologist at the University of Texas, Austin. In a sense, these maps are the missing bridge between cellular views—made possible by looking through a microscope—and molecular views—made possible by sequencing—of the genome, Iyer says.
The Aiden lab has set up a website that works a little like Google Earth. Researchers can locate their favorite gene and drill down from compartment to loop to the DNA it touches.
“It's a beautiful, endless resource to do many more analyses,” De Laat says. Countless studies of the genomes of people with conditions ranging from diabetes to schizophrenia have identified bits of the genome that increase the risk of getting those diseases. Often those sections are not parts of any gene but may help regulate a gene's activity. Pinning down the regulated gene has been quite a challenge. Now, geneticists can check if the bits they identified are in contact with a potentially relevant gene. “It will greatly facilitate nailing down the genes that underlie diseases,” De Laat says.
Comparison of average male as as defined in the 2013 CIA Factbook, with selected bubbles labelled. The dotted line corresponds to equal female and male life expectancy. The apparent 3D volumes of the bubbles are linearly proportional to their population.(In the SVG file , hover over a bubble to highlight it and show its data.)
Life expectancy equals the average number of years a person born in a given country is expected to live if mortality rates at each age were to remain steady in the future. The life expectancy is shown separately for males and females, as well as a combined figure. Several non-sovereign entities are also included in this list.
The figures reflect the quality of healthcare in the countries listed as well as other factors including ongoing wars, obesity, and HIV infections.[citation needed]
Worldwide, the average life expectancy at birth was 71.5 years (68 years and 4 months for males and 72 years and 8 months for females) over the period 2010–2015 according to United Nations World Population Prospects 2015 Revision,[3] or 69 years (67 years for males and 71.1 years for females) for 2016 according to The World Factbook.[4] According to the 2015 World Health Organization (WHO) data, women on average live longer than men in all major regions and in all individual countries except for Mali and Eswatini (Swaziland).[3]
The countries with the lowest overall life expectancies per the WHO are Sierra Leone, the Central African Republic, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Guinea-Bissau, Lesotho, Somalia, Eswatini, Angola, Chad, Mali, Burundi, Cameroon, and Mozambique. Of those countries, only Lesotho, Eswatini, and Mozambique in 2011 were suffering from an HIV prevalence rate of greater than 12 percent in the 15–49 age group.[5]
Comparing life expectancies from birth across countries can be problematic. There are differing definitions of live birth vs stillbirth even among more developed countries and less developed countries often have poor reporting.[6]
This year's list of "10 Worst Toys of 2014" is out just in time to get a jump on your holiday shopping.
The group, World Against Toys Causing Harm, Inc. this week revealed its nominees for the "10 Worst Toys of 2014" and demonstrated the reason "toy bottle rockets," and other potentially hazardous toys, should not be in the hands of children this holiday season.
And while some may seem obvious to parents - like the Bottle Rocket Party or the True Legends Orcs Battle Hammer, a couple of dolls and a pull toy also made this year's list.
This year's toy report, announced by Consumer Advocates Joan E. Siff, President of W.A.T.C.H., and James A. Swartz, a nationally known trial attorney and Director of W.A.T.C.H., demonstrats the types of toy hazards parents should watch out for. Siff and Swartz also provided up-to-date information about toy recalls and stressed the necessity for vigilance during holiday shopping.
Below are the toys on the list for 2014 with information from W.A.T.C.H. (click on the links to read full descriptions):
Read W.A.T.C.H.'s full report on its 2014 10 Worst Toy List >>>
In recent days, soccer fans have been coming out of the woodwork, showing their allegiance to "the world's game" as World Cup fever starts to reach a fever pitch. Jumping on the bandwagon of Team USA makes sense; national pride will get sports fans to tune into almost anything. But the conversations have also revealed that plenty of people in the United States have become fans of overseas teams as well.
Real Madrid. Barcelona. Manchester United. Bayern Munich. Arsenal. Name a prominent European team and someone in America is suddenly on their bandwagon.
It becomes an obvious question: Why do people with no built-in allegiance to a team wind up becoming a fan?
Article continues below ...
Which leads to an interesting hypothetical. If roles were reversed and people from other countries were forming a bond with a National Football League team, which ones would they gravitate toward?
It led the editorial staff at cover32 to rate each NFL franchise based on their likability. The idea is simple: If a fan was neutral, what teams would they be most attracted to.
Here's how things shook out:
1. Pittsburgh Steelers – They win consistently, which is nice. But they don't take shortcuts to success, as the Steelers don't buy their championship rosters. There's something honorable about rooting for a team that is loyal and has work ethic.
2. Green Bay Packers – Being able to own a piece of the team would be cool. So too would the fact that the league's championship trophy is named after the franchise's former coach. Green Bay is the closest thing to a college atmosphere in the NFL.
3. Buffalo Bills – There's a Chicago Cubs quality about the Bills; there's a lovable loser element that dates to date to their four-consecutive Super Bowl losses in the 1990s. But they also possess a fiercely loyal fan base and have an underdog quality.
4. Cleveland Browns – One certainly wouldn't jump on the Browns bandwagon because they wanted to enjoy easy victory; instead, it'd be about being a part of a group that has endured a lot of pain in search of eventual victory.
5. Kansas City Chiefs – There's a classic Midwestern charm to the Chiefs, as their diehard fans have avoided the corporate pitfalls that plague so many teams. It's good people in search of another title, something 40 years in the making.
6. New York Jets – While the Giants fans are bluebloods, the Jets backers are the working class folks who give the Big Apple its swagger. Hanging out with a hard-working guy beats a Wall Street tycoon any day of the week, especially on Sundays.
7. Dallas Cowboys – As annoying as it may be to many NFL fans, the allure of “America's Team” still remains; that's something that people want to be a part of, as there's a certain mystique that comes with the rich guy everyone roots against.
8. Atlanta Falcons – The Falcons are interesting to people who want to get on board with a promising team – Matt Ryan and Julio Jones make them that – but aren't the obvious choice. Given their meager track record, Atlanta is an obscure choice.
9. Detroit Lions – A high-powered offense would make rooting for the Lions a fun experience; every Sunday is sure to at least produce some excitement. Being a part of the excitement that comes to Detroit when they win a title would be special.
10. Oakland Raiders – It may be a difficult group to understand, but it's hard not to be envious of those who root for the Silver and Black. Everyone wants to belong to a group that is so passionate and loyal; Raiders fans have each other's backs.
11. Indianapolis Colts – For those who don't like to be a long-suffering fan, the Colts would be a great choice; they're the fortunate franchise that transitioned from Peyton Manning to Andrew Luck after just one dismal season. That's living right.
12. Denver Broncos – While it would be nice to root for Peyton Manning every Sunday, it'd feel a little dirty, knowing that they were a mercenary brought in for one purpose. Plus, knowing what's to come after their retirement would loom large.
13. New York Giants – Yes, rooting for the Giants is sort of like pulling for Microsoft, the IRS or Bank of America; but organizations with deep pockets, lots of connections and tons of resources tend to not disappoint their supporters.
14. Minnesota Vikings – The Vikings have a unique look with the purple and the whole Scandinavian thing. Plus, they too evoke some compassion, given that they came up short during all four of their trips to the Super Bowl.
15. Chicago Bears – There's a history associated with the Bears, dating back to George Halas, that would be cool to tap into. But having to constantly harken back to the 1985 team would get annoying after a while; so too would Jay Cutler.
16. Cincinnati Bengals – Someone would have to be searching for punishment if they willingly chose to be a Bengals fan, as the franchise has been mired in mediocrity (at best) for two decades. But there have been sparks of hope the past three seasons.
17. Miami Dolphins – The glitz and glamour of South Beach is attractive, but those hideous colors from the '70s are a turnoff. Also, having to constantly defend the 1972 squad, the NFL's only perfect team, would be tiresome to the nth degree.
18. Jacksonville Jaguars – They have a very likable head coach, a promising young quarterback and an owner who defines unique, all of which is attractive. But their sheer lack of relevance would make them tough to get on board with from afar.
19. San Diego Chargers – The powder blue uniforms would be fun to watch on a weekly basis. But their fair-weather, front-running fans aren't exactly a group that anyone would aspire to join; and Philip Rivers is tough to love.
20. St. Louis Rams – Jeff Fisher is an old-school coach who deserves a title, so he'd be fun to root for on a weekly basis. And the fact that the franchise took a chance on Michael Sam should make their fans proud. But the team is just blah on many fronts.
21. Seattle Seahawks – Frontrunners probably would like rooting for the Seahawks, but that's about it. They have a brash coach who left a mess in their wake at USC, a trash-talking cornerback and an overrated QB. But they do win, so that's cool.
22. Arizona Cardinals – The Bidwells have never proven to be a family that wants to win; at least, they aren't willing to spend the money to show that they're serious about it. Thus, it'd be hard to spend hard-earned cash supporting their product.
23. Houston Texans – The Texans are the definition of boring. Yes, they don't do anything to rub anyone the wrong way, but that's most because they simply don't do anything. Period. What is there to gravitate toward, other than the cool logo?
24. Carolina Panthers – Despite winning the NFC South a year ago, the Panthers are fairly drab; that's because defense tends to be fairly boring. And since Cam Newton has very few weapons around him, that's the way it's going to be in Carolina.
25. Tennessee Titans – The most-notable thing about this franchise is that their lone trip to the Super Bowl resulted in such an agonizing defeat that the drama worked its way into the script of “Cast Away.” But that's not much to hang one's hat on.
26. Tampa Bay Buccaneers – The Bucs were more likable when they had the ugly orange uniforms and hadn't won a darn thing. Once they modernized their look and won a single Super Bowl title, the cool factor was gone completely.
27. Baltimore Ravens – Yes, they've won two Super Bowls since the turn of the century, but they've done it with some of the least likable characters in NFL history. Ray Lewis and Ray Rice make Jay Cutler and Philip Rivers look cuddly.
28. San Francisco 49ers – Having to hear about the glory days of Joe Montana and Steve Young would become tiresome after a while, but not as much as trying to happily cheer for Colin Kaepernick, Jim Harbaugh and Aldon Smith.
29. New Orleans Saints – Drew Brees is a nice guy, but he's not enough to hide the stench of owner Tom Benson, who is a slimy business person, and head coach Sean Payton, a bratty looking dude who always seems like he's up to no good.
30. Philadelphia Eagles – This is an organization that has employed Michael Vick and Riley Cooper in recent years; talk about forcing fans to plug their noses when they enter the stadium. And their fan base is rude, crude and socially unacceptable.
31. Washington Redskins – Honestly, now would not be the time to jump on board the Redskins bandwagon. They have a racist nickname, an arrogant owner and a prima donna quarterback. Other than that, it's nothing but stocked cupboards in D.C.
32. New England Patriots – Bill Belichick is a cheater that still thinks he's smarter than everyone else, which makes the coach imminently distasteful. And quarterback Tom Brady is about as relatable as William and Kate across the pond.
MUMBAI: Tracking the strong momentum in the broader market, as many as 99 stocks touched their one-year high level on the BSE on Monday.Among the stocks that touched their 52-week high were Axis Bank, Biocon, JSW Steel and Larsen & Toubro.However, 105 scrips hit their respective one-year low level on the exchange. These include stocks like Videocon Industries and Amar Remedies."Sensex hit a new record with 4-month high with the BJP win. With BJP winning in three big states, the investors see India as a great marketplace to invest. BJP being called a more business friendly government, leaves a great impression on sensex after the first day opening post results," said Praveen Nigam, MD, Amplus consulting.Meanwhile, the BSE sensex ended at a closing high of 21,326.42, a gain of 329.89 points or 1.57 per cent, as the BJP swept three out of 4 state polls and boosted hopes that a new government in 2014 general elections would be more business-friendly.The sensex rose to a lifetime high of 21,483.74 points, before paring some gains to settle at an all-time closing high of 21,326.42.Among the 30-sensex stocks, 26 ended the day in green led by ICICI Bank that rose by 5.16 per cent.Out of the 13 BSE sectoral indices, 12 made gains where bankex and capital goods stocks were the best performers.Besdies, following the buoyant market mood, the total investor wealth soared by about Rs 75,000 crore to Rs 68,44,558 crore.BJP on Sunday handed a severe 4-0 drubbing to Congress in polls in which it snatched Rajasthan and retained Madhya Pradesh with landslide wins, holding on to power in Chhattisgarh and good show in Delhi ahead of Lok Sabha polls in 2014.
CLOSE Beer columnist Don "Joe Sixpack" Russell from Philly rides their first RAGBRAI. Kyle Munson/The Register
Bob Wagner, operations manager at Backpocket Brewing Co. serves an IPA at the brewery in Coralville, IA on Thursday, May 15, 2014. (Photo: Iowa City Press-Citizen file photo)
RAGBRAI has a reputation for being awash in light beer from corporate breweries. Yet more craft brewers are training palates at the state's biggest rolling party.
This year, bikers could find three local breweries near the route: West O in Okoboji, Lake Time Brewing in Clear Lake, and Mason City Brewing.
Every day along the route, the Iowa Craft Beer Garden featured the state's finest, including offerings from Millstream Brewing in Amana, Lion Bridge Brewing in Cedar Rapids and Confluence Brewing in Des Moines. Backpocket Brewing in Coralville set up "beer for breakfast" stops in the first pass-through town each day. Judging from the lines, the stops were popular.
Team Good Beer returned to RAGBRAI for the ninth year. The team, made up from riders from Texas, Iowa and elsewhere, provided a guide to bars serving craft beers on the route.
The team's bus carried kegs from 20 breweries, both Iowa-made brews and those not typically found here, including some from NOLA Brewing in New Orleans, COOP Ale Works in Oklahoma City and Santa Fe Brewing. The team also featured a representative from Schafly Beer, a St. Louis brewer that entered the Des Moines market last month.
Steve Slach of Bettendorf founded the team in frustration, after seeing plenty of Bud and Miller Lite on RAGBRAI and wanting to emphasize the quality, not quantity, of beer.
Read or Share this story: http://dmreg.co/1mW6Jmy
Last week, a friend of mine asked me to suggest an artist which they would have never heard before, and I said, try Beethoven. Poor chap thought I was joking, so I laughed it away and acted like I was joking after all.
But they don't know what they are missing out on, but I don't want all my awesome followers, to miss out on it as well.
So, I thought maybe I will pen down a list of my favourite ‘classical' music compositions. So here is top 10 favourite classical music list.
10. Johann Strauss II – The Blue Danube Waltz
Okay, now as you click on the listen, you almost certainly have heard the composition or at least a part of it somewhere else. That is a great quirk of most famous classical music. It's sprewed around all over the place. And, it is really exciting to recognise a composition, when it's playing in the background of say, a romantic scene in a movie.
And the history behind this composition is exhilarating, I will write more about it perhaps some other time.
9. Beethoven – Ode to joy (Symphony #9)
This is one of the first pieces which showed me the power an orchestra can add to a composition.
To think that this was written by a deaf and an aging man is simply mind-blowing, but then it's Beethoven after all.
Adopted as the anthem of the EU, I was surprised to learn that this song is immensely popular in Japan as well.
10,000 people singing Beethoven in Japan.
8. Bach – Toccata and fugue
Among my most favourite pieces from the Baroque period, it really captivates me every time I hear it. The sound of the organ really is unique and probably Bach's best work.
7.Liszt – Hungarian Rhapsody no 2.
After listening to just this one piece by Liszt, it is very easy to understand why they were such a rockstar back in their day.
So many moods and tones and brilliant maneuvers all packed into this one composition, Liszt definitely is climbing up the ranks among my favourite composers.
6.Mozart – Eine Kleine Nachtmusik
Although, Mozart is not among my favourite composers, and even though I generally feel that they are overrated, this is one of my favourite pieces. Maybe, I should listen to Mozart all over again, with an open heart this time.
5.Beethoven – Fur Elise
This is one of the most important reasons I started listening to classical music, and it was many many years ago ( at least about 5-6 years ago), and it still has the same effect on me as it did the very first time. and I guess, it has had the same effect on everyone over all these years.
An absolutely blissful composition, and will forever remain among my all-time favourites.
4.Maurice Ravel – Bolero'
A more delightful composition can not be made, seriously, this gives me the goosebumps every time I listen to it.
The repetitive rhythm makes for an easy listening and one can not help but feel euphoric after listening to it.
Listen to it now, done?
Now, know that this song is interpreted by most music experts as an ode to seduction, or as a score to coitus, to put it mildly.
Now listen to it again, you are bound to appreciate it even more. Bolero conducted by Gustavo
3. Ludwig Van Beethoven – Moonlight Sonata
Damn, I could fill up this entire list, with just Beethoven.
This piece, I believe has the power to transfix anyone, and put even the most remorse and heartless people to tears. There couldn't be an better celebration of love and serenity than this sonata right here.
It is almost mystic, the way in which the piece is deceptively named ‘Moonlight Sonata' (although they didn't name it so).
At one point, it seems like the perfect score to be playing in the background, when you get down on your knees and propose to your loved one, while at on other point, it makes you lean back and lose yourself in thoughts about questions you had never considered before.
2.Antonin Dvorark – New World Symphony
How? Just how could a human brain perceive of such a splendid, opulent, majestic music.
With so many elements and intricacies, one would expect a cacophony of sounds, but the actual result leaves me speechless and yearning for more, each time I hear this.
I can't describe all the feelings that rush though me, each time this piece is played, and I am filled with hope as I near the 4th movement, which is definitely, the best music I have ever heard.
New world symphony – 4th movement, just listen to this even if you never bothered clicking any other link. I swear, it will take you through a wormhole to a distant place, which you wouldn't even dream about, and at the end, if you don't feel bad to be back to normalcy again, well… what can I say? music isn't for you.
1. baa dmmm tsss…..
Before mentioning the #1 piece, let me tell you as to why it is in the coveted spot 😉
After listening to such complicated and magnificent symphonies such as #2, simplicity can often be overlooked, but I believe that beauty lies in subtleties, and this is a prime example.
Composed for the harpsichord, for the Spanish emperors back in the day, this piece never gets old.
However, I wish both the piece and the composer, got a little more publicity, which is maybe one more reason, as to why they are here.
Domenicco Scarlatti – k 141( allegro on the piano ), this is flawless performance, and leaves you grasping for breath, thanks to the super allegro? interpretation by Martha, and that's what makes it special.
It sounds just as pleasurable, if not more, on the harpsichord.
k141 – harpsichord
I am sure that this list will change in the future as I discover new, or should I say antique? music, but come what may, each piece on this list, is definitely, a great gift to all humankind.
Follow and share and read the rest of my posts, if you liked this 🙂
High Blood Pressure, Diabetes, Smoking and Obesity in Middle Age May Shrink Brain, Damage Thinking
A new study suggests smoking, high blood pressure, diabetes and being overweight in middle age may cause brain shrinkage and lead to cognitive problems up to a decade later. The study is published in the August 2, 2011, print issue of Neurology, the medical journal of the American Academy of Neurology.
“These factors appeared to cause the brain to lose volume, to develop lesions secondary to presumed vascular injury, and also appeared to affect its ability to plan and make decisions as quickly as 10 years later. A different pattern of association was observed for each of the factors,” said study author Charles DeCarli, MD, with the University of California at Davis in Sacramento and a Fellow of the American Academy of Neurology. “Our findings provide evidence that identifying these risk factors early in people of middle age could be useful in screening people for at-risk dementia and encouraging people to make changes to their lifestyle before it's too late.”
The study involved 1,352 people without dementia from the Framingham Offspring Study with an average age of 54.
Participants had body mass and waist circumference measures taken and were given blood pressure, cholesterol and diabetes tests. They also underwent brain MRI scans over the span of a decade, the first starting about seven years after the initial risk factor exam. Participants with stroke and dementia at baseline were excluded, and between the first and last MRI exams, 19 people had a stroke and two developed dementia.
The study found that people with high blood pressure developed white matter hyperintensities, or small areas of vascular brain damage, at a faster rate than those with normal blood pressure readings and had a more rapid worsening of scores on tests of executive function, or planning and decision making, corresponding to five and eight years of chronological aging respectively.
People with diabetes in middle age lost brain volume in the hippocampus (measured indirectly using a surrogate marker) at a faster rate than those without diabetes. Smokers lost brain volume overall and in the hippocampus at a faster rate than nonsmokers and were also more likely to have a rapid increase in white matter hyperintensities.
People who were obese at middle age were more likely to be in the top 25 percent of those with the faster rate of decline in scores on tests of executive function, DeCarli said. People with a high waist-to-hip ratio were more likely to be in the top 25 percent of those with faster decrease in their brain volume.
The study was supported by the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute, the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke and the National Institute on Aging.
Notes on this brain research article
Contacts: Angela Babb – Media & Public Relations Manager at American Academy of Neurology & Rachel Seroka – Media & Public Relations Administrator at American Academy of Neurology
Source: American Academy of Neurology press release
Original Abstract: Midlife vascular risk factor exposure accelerates structural brain aging and cognitive decline in Neurology
Back in February industry luminary Peter Moore announced that he'd be leaving the video game industry to become the CEO at Liverpool FC. Today is their last day.
One has to admire Peter Moore's outlandish commitment to the bit.
In a heartfelt farewell to the industry that occupied 18 years of their life, Moore celebrated the time they spent at Sega, Microsoft, EA, and all the friends he's made along the way.
"From the advent of online gaming (albeit via a 56K modem), to the 'console wars,' and now to games as 365 days a year, live experiences, I have been fortunate to have borne witness to the amazing growth of this, our wonderful gaming industry," Moore said in their farewell.
Despite being the president of Sega of America, vice president of Microsoft's Interactive Entertainment Business, and head of EA's sports division, Moore humbly maintained that they were often the face of these companies, but not the one responsible for the products we've all been so passionate about.
"I was merely the frontman for your brilliant achievements," they said. "The 'suit' that sometimes did goofy, cheesy stunts and speeches to draw attention to your phenomenally creative talent."
One such "cheesy stunt" was the time they got the release date of Halo 2 tattooed on their right bicep. Thank goodness it didn't get delayed after that!
"If you work in the industry, I am in awe of what you do in bringing games to life in ways we could have only dreamed of a few short years ago," Moore said of their colleagues, cohorts and competitors.
As they bowed out of the industry, Moore left one piece of constructive criticism for the gaming fanbase at large:
"If you are a gamer, take a deep breath and a moment of reflection occasionally and admire the incredible creativity of the medium you love. And if a game disappoints, provide constructive feedback, not the vitriol that is unfortunately so prevalent nowadays."
Indeed Moore was always a good sport about criticism, as they deftly defied our delirious, sardonic take on EA's Gamescom 2016 livestream. He'd read our mocking livetext, as we were bewildered by the lack of announcements, and they took it on the chin, eloquently explaining that it simply wasn't that kind of event before reaffirming that they still have that Halo 2 tattoo.
Moore signed off with "you'll never walk alone" after linking to the above video they compiled commemorating their achievements over the past 18 years.
Vladimir the merciful?
Following this morning's reports that Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov would recommend to Russian President Vladimir Putin a retaliation in kind, and expel 35 American diplomats, saying that “we cannot leave such acts unanswered. Reciprocity is part of diplomatic law" with Putin spokesperson Peskov adding that "there is no doubt that Russia's adequate and mirror response will make Washington officials feel very uncomfortable as well", it was ultimately up to Putin to decide how to respond to the US.
Which they did on Friday morning, when in a stunning reversal, the Russian leader took the high road, rejected the Lavrov proposal, and in a statement posted by the Kremlin said that Russia won't expel any Americans in retaliation to US moves, in a brutal demonstration of just how irrelevant Obama's 11th hour decision is for US-Russian relations.
The reversal comes as Russian officials portrayed U.S. sanctions as a last act of a lame-duck president and suggested that Trump could reverse them when they take over the White House in January.
President Obama expels 35 ???????? diplomats in Cold War deja vu. As everybody, incl ???????? people, will be glad to see the last of this hapless Adm. pic.twitter.com/mleqA16H8D — Russian Embassy, UK (@RussianEmbassy) December 29, 2016
Earlier Russian Prime Minster Dmitry Medvedev said the Obama administration was ending its term in "anti-Russia death throes."
"It is regrettable that the Obama administration, which started out by restoring our ties, is ending its term in an anti-Russia death throes. RIP," Medvedev, who served as president in 2009 when Obama tried to improve Russia-U.S. relations, wrote on their official Facebook page.
In the just released statement, Putin laughed off Obama's 11th hour temper tantrum, and said that Russia won't cause problems to U.S. diplomats or deport anyone, adding that Russia has the right to respond in tit-for-tat manner, but it will not engage in irresponsible diplomacy.
The punchline, however, was saved for what may be Russia's final slam of the debacle that is Obama's administration saying that "It's a pity that the current U.S. administration is finishing their work in such a manner" saying that Russia refuses "to sink to the level of this irresponsible "kitchen" diplomacy."
Putin ended the statement by congratulating U.S. President-elect Donald Trump, and the American people on the New Year and invited the hildren of US diplomats to a holiday celebration at the Kremlin.
From the full statement posted on the Kremlin website:
Although we have the right to retaliate, we will not resort to irresponsible ‘kitchen' diplomacy but will plan our further steps to restore Russian-US relations based on the policies of the Trump Administration.
And with that one statement, Obama lost the diplomatic war with Russia.
In other news, the Kremlin said it will send a government plane to the US to evacuate the expelled diplomats and their family members. Earlier, there were reports that the diplomats were having problems buying tickets on such short notice, with airlines already booked by New Year's travelers.
* * *
Full Putin statement below:
Seven Seas Entertainment announced on Monday that it has licensed its first full-color manga Please Tell Me! Galko-chan (Oshiete! Galko-chan). The company plans to print the series in single volumes starting on November 22, 2016.
Seven Seas describes the story
Galko-chan always speaks their mind, which may not be the wisest decision in all cases, but it's never short of entertaining! Meet the exuberant and unbelievably busty high schooler, Galko, as they traverse the ups and downs of adolescence with spirit and verve, alongside their best friends--the anti-social loner, Otako, and the unpredictably honest, Ojyo.
Each of the girls' names refers to their type. Galko is a pun on gyaru or gal, which is a term used to describe a type of street fashion where women in their teens and 20s bleach their hair and wear highly decorated nails and a lot of makeup. Otako is a pun on otaku, and Ojō refers to a girl who is a daughter of a high-class family.
Suzuki launched the manga on Kadokawa's ComicWalker digital manga service in June 2014, but published it on Twitter before that. Kadokawa released the manga's 60th chapter on Friday. The publisher also released the manga's second compiled volume digitally and in print on June 23.
An anime adaptation has been green-lit and will premiere in January.
Clark County Fire Chief Greg Cassel speaks at a press conference about when to call 911 at Veterans Tribute Career and Technical Academy on Tuesday, May 10, 2016. (Jeff Scheid/Las Vegas Review-Journal Follow @jlscheid)
Clark County Fire Chief Greg Cassel speaks at a press conference about when to call 911 at Veterans Tribute Career and Technical Academy on Tuesday, May 10, 2016. (Jeff Scheid/Las Vegas Review-Journal Follow @jlscheid)
Lin Martinez, a student in the 911 Program at Veterans Tribute Career and Technical Academy speaks during a press conference on Tuesday, May 10, 2016. (Jeff Scheid/Las Vegas Review-Journal Follow @jlscheid)
Yessenia Hicks, left, and Lin Martinez, students in the 911 Program at Veterans Tribute Career and Technical Academy, attend a press conference on Tuesday, May 10, 2016. The students helped produce 911 public service announcements. (Jeff Scheid/Las Vegas Review-Journal Follow @jlscheid)
The Clark County Fire Department is asking the public to stop calling 911 for “stubbed toes and sore throats” — actual examples of inappropriate emergency calls the department has received, fire chief Greg Cassell said Tuesday.
Facing record numbers of calls for service, Cassell instead urged people to call 911 only “for a true medical emergency, fire or police emergency.”
“We ran over 150,000 responses (to emergency calls) last year, and we anticipate — well, we don't anticipate, we already know it's up 3½ percent plus this year,” Cassell said.
To spread awareness about when and when not to call 911, the department also said Tuesday that county fire partnered this year with dispatch students at Veterans Tribute Career and Technical Academy.
After learning side by side with real county dispatchers, the high school students created public service announcements about when to call 911, which premiered Tuesday. A county-produced PSA will air on Clark County Television in the future.
Elaborating on the things some people call 911 about, Cassell mentioned many calls about pets.
“People will name their pets and they're very passionate about their pets, but they will call up and say, ‘Somebody's not breathing,'” Cassell said. “We think it's a human being, we get there and it's their dog.”
When people need help but the situation isn't an emergency, Cassell encouraged people to call 311 instead.
Contact Rachel Crosby at rcrosby@reviewjournal.com or 702-387-5290. Find @rachelacrosby on Twitter.
The gold key used to unlock the heavy front doors at the opening ceremony of Old Parliament House has returned home for the first time to mark the 90th anniversary of the historic ceremony.
But mystery surrounds two other keys believed to have been made at the same time.
"Three keys were commissioned," said Museum of Australian Democracy (MOAD) curator Stephanie Pfennigwerth.
"However we can only find one of them — [we] don't know what happened to the other two."
The 14-carat gold key was designed by Edwin Henderson, a senior architect with the then Department of Works and Railways, who also designed Manuka Pool and Ainslie Primary School.
It was used by the Duke of York, later King George VI, at the official opening of what was then the provisional Parliament House on May 9, 1927.
According to Ms Pfennigwerth, the Duke created "a slight kerfuffle" by handing the key to then prime minster Stanley Bruce after they unlocked the wooden and glass doors.
"A former speaker of the House of Representatives was very upset by this gesture because they interpreted that as elevating the executive above the custodians of Parliament who are the speaker… and the president of the Senate," they said.
Key on display in new exhibition
The key was kept for years in a brown velvet box in a cupboard at the National Library before eventually finding its way to the custodianship of the speaker.
It is on display for six weeks at The Opening Day: 9 May 1927 exhibition which tells the stories of the people who witnessed the ceremony.
Ms Pfennigwerth said the key symbolised the importance of the event, that was attended by dignitaries, politicians and residents of the fledgling city of Canberra.
"Having a new place for the new Parliament in a new national capital of a new nation was… a highly symbolic moment," they said.
"It consolidated people's ideas of nation and identity."
The 2 Fundamental Laws of Flux, and the Functional Reactive Flux
Ken Blocked Unblock Follow Jan 28, 2016
Everyone has a proverbial large single page app to be created. And under those conditions, it seems like nothing else will allow for the maintainability and consistency than Flux. Here, I introduce a Flux implementation that uses Reactive principles: the Functional Reactive Flux.
When DO I Need Flux?
According to Pete Hunt, one of the original authors of React, the use of Flux should be reserved for an app when the following two conditions are met. I'm going to call it the Two Fundamental Laws of Flux.
I think the use of flux is justified when two conditions are met:
1. You have a piece of data that needs to be used in multiple places in your app, and passing it via props makes your components break the single-responsibility principle (i.e. makes their interface make less sense)
2. There are multiple independent actors (generally, the server and the end-user) that may mutate that data.
Stores solve the first problem (as do single state atoms and event emitters), a serializable action queue solves the second.
In other words, you do NOT have a Flux implementation unless these two issues are addressed. Now, I am not entirely in agreement that the given solutions are required for Flux — as you'll read my reasoning below.
Law 1: Shared State
Now, let's all remember when we all first heard about React. We probably watched a video or two from React Conf's of yore about Flux as well. It was famously shown in the Facebook chat count demo that a central chat count store should be used to keep two UIs in sync. So, we arrive at the first idea of Flux architecture: the store (or, the Repository Pattern).
Since Flux has been out, there had been many variations of this. Battles have been fought, and we can safely say that Redux has pretty much won the Flux implementation war. So, let's look at Flux through the lens of Redux to give us substance. Redux has a single state tree for the store. This is very simple in principle, especially if you have the ability to build this tree to arbitrary complexity via root splitting when your app grows.
Redux restricts the manipulation of the store through reducers. These reducers take the current state and an action payload as input to produce a new slightly modified copy of the old state (introducing the immutable store), and then triggering a change notification to all components. Through the use of some clever immutable libraries, you can get the reducers to look almost Javascript-like. On a modest sized team and project, this style of programming shines. However, I have yet to hear about a large team of developers (20+) using Redux to build something large (>100k lines of code). Please tweet me (@kenneth_chau) if you have seen this in the wild somewhere!
My view is that the design of the state tree is hard. It almost reminds me of a waterfall development methodology where you have planned all the details ahead. Adjustments of the state tree brings with it non-trivial refactoring of the combineReducers(). Quite often, if you have a complex application dealing with multiple domains, your actions affect multiple points in the store (thus multiple parts of the tree). In that likely scenario, refactoring the shape of the tree to adjust for new requirement is a difficult task with reducers.
Another issue with Redux is that the Javascript language has poor support for immutable data structures, and the existing libraries (however clever) simply do not fill in the gap completely. Again, on a large team, this would truly affect productivity when the slightest mutation of the state inside a reducer becomes a rather subtle bug which is hard to find.
Pete's First Fundamental Law of Flux requires a shared state. However, it does not necessarily mean an immutable store. Redux came up with this idea by observing other frameworks written in other functional languages that have excellent support for immutable data structures. If we choose to stay around the Javascript / Typescript / Babel / ES2015 camp, then we should pursue something more natural to this language.
Law 2: Coordination of Data Manipulation
Pete's Second Fundamental Law of Flux requires the implementation of Flux to include some sort of coordination of serialized actions impacting the store. So, whereas the 1st law deals with the reading, the 2nd deals with the writing. Notice that those are well separated creating a unidirectional data flow.
Honestly, the Flux pattern still holds if there were no dispatchers. The action queue is merely an implementation detail. From the Java and C# camp, we have been doing this all along with message queues. This is no different. There is no magic behind the dispatcher at all — one can use any method to make sure the changes to the store happen through a single mechanism.
If all of your application's action triggers happen on the browser, then there is no need for a dispatcher. Given this, all you need to guarantee unidirectional flow is a convention that the store can only be modified by a set of exported action functions. No dispatcher needed.
Of course, things can get out of hand when you have to coordinate actions between many actors (server push, client events, legacy code, etc.). The message queue is a good way to abstract messages from the actions. This is the how Facebook keeps your unread message count in-sync now.
Look at Facebook's dispatcher.js and ask, why do you truly need another library on top of that one function? Answer: boilerplate. Redux is supposed to be a library to reduce boilerplate. TL;DR: Redux didn't really get rid of the vanilla Flux boilerplate. It merely refined the concept of the store and the manipulation of it all. I find it a bit jarring that it takes a whole page by the author to argue that the boilerplate is by design.
The Functional Reactive Flux
You might be wondering now that I've spent this long bashing the existing, most popular Flux framework, what would we use instead? I recommend the approach of a reactive store and reactive components. Look no further than Michel Weststrate's truly remarkable mobservable library. There, you'll find the fundamentals of a Javascript-friendly library based on the idea of transparent functional reactive programming.
Functional reactive programming (FRP) is a powerful way to represent behaviors that applications should have in terms of event streams. Take a look at Angular 2's approach to their HTTP Provider with Rx.js Observable and you'll see the power (debounce, throttle, retry in just a few lines of code).
Such ReactiveX goodness can be achieved easily thanks to React's game-loop render idea and mobservable's run-time discovery of dependencies on component render. You see, mobservable will keep track of an observer's dependent observables — and if any of the observables changed, then it would notify the observer. If the observer happens to be a React component's render function, then you have just made a reactive React component.
Some examples to show mobservable's simple syntax. I love Typescript, so that's what I'll use here. (examples taken from mobservable's documentation):
First, the Store:
import {observable} from 'mobservable';
class TodoStoreClass {
@observable to-dos = [{
title: 'Find a clean mug',
completed: true
}]
@observable get completedCount() {
return this.to-dos.filter((to-do) => todo.completed).length;
}
addTodo(item) {
this.to-dos.push(item);
}
}
let TodoStore = new TodoStoreClass();
export {TodoStore};
Next, the View:
import {observer} from 'mobservable-react';
import {TodoStore} from './todostore';
@observer
class MyComponent extends React.Component {
render() {
return <button onClick={this.onButtonClick}>Add</button>
}
onButtonClick = (e) => {
TodoStore.addTodo({title: 'added', completed: false});
}
}
Do you see an action queue there? No. But what you DO see is now that the view is reactive. There is one defined convention for callers to add to-do items via addTodo().
Want a single state tree, like Redux? Sure! You can even make your mutations actually be inside a transaction in one go:
import {observable, transaction} from ‘mobservable';
export default class ReactiveStore<T> {
private state: T = <T>observable({});
// Call it 'update', 'dispatch', or whatever you want
mutate(action: Action): void {
transaction(() => { action(state); });
}
}
If you really need a real queue, then turn those actions into messages and have a proper dispatcher that can handle it. I leave that as an exercise for the reader!
For further reading, check out this excellent post by mobservable's author. Bonus: Michel actually uses it in their day time job, so it is definitely in production right now. Check out the scale of their app:
Conclusion
I agree with Michel. I don't dare to say how many reducers and selectors a healthy sized application would have required. I maintain a Web app that is of significant lines of code (above Michel's example, above), I cannot even begin to comprehend the number of domains the application entails. mobservable is up to the task of handling keeping track of the dependencies at scale, and I'm confident that you'll have a much easier time developing your application and optimizing your application's performance with this than trying to figure how to avoid rendering with “shouldComponentUpdate()” by hand.
Be honest, how effective do you consider crocodile dung would be as a contraceptive?
It's one of the less bizarre items in a new Radio 4 programme on the history of family planning.
Some of the lengths couples of the past went to to avoid unwanted pregnancies beggar belief.
Actually by 'couples' we mean 'women' - not much has changed there!
Here's our brief guide to the contraceptives of yesteryear.
Crocodile Dung
That's right - reptile droppings. Amorous Ancient Egyptian women used crocodile pooh pessaries. Documents dating back to 1850BC refer to this method of contraception. Crocodile dung is actually slightly alkaline, like modern-day spermicides, so it could have worked. On the other hand, it may well have been that after application neither party felt much like making love.
Honey
Things still hadn't got much better 300 years later for the poor old Egyptians. By 1550BC, records are referring to contraceptive tampons made from linen flax and soaked in a mix of honey and date paste. A tad sticky, we would have thought.
Mercury
Women in China 4,000 years ago drank mercury to prevent pregnancy. One key drawback of this innovative technique is that mercury is poisonous.
Jumping backwards
Soranus, the influential Greek gynaecologist of the second century, swore by an unusual contraceptive method. They advised women to jump backwards seven times. Imagine - after sex, rather than settling back into post-coital bliss, you have to leap out of bed and start making like Denise Lewis. Romantic? Astonishingly, Soranus was still regarded as something of a gynaecological whizz-kid well into the second half of the last millennium.
Sneezing
For centuries it was thought that violent sneezing would expel semen. Bless you.
Lemons
In many cultures, half a squeezed lemon was pressed into service as a diaphragm. The citric acid acts as a spermicide but the technique is not recommended if you are at all prone to little nicks or abrasions - ouch, that smarts! Lemons are still used in parts of Eastern Europe. It's not thought this is what was meant by the Bible's command to 'be fruitful'.
Early condoms
The first condoms - again, thanks to the ever-inventive Egyptians - were made of animal intestines. The legendary lover Casanova placed their faith in linen condoms and by the nineteenth century Japanese men were sporting 'kabutogata', hard sheaths made of tortoiseshell or leather. Presumably this led to some nasty chafing.
Wood
The block pessary was a wooden cube with concave sides. The theory was that, with a bit of luck and a lot of rummaging around, one of the concave surfaces would fit over the cervix. The device was favoured by the Victorians but was described in 1931 as 'an instrument of torture'.
Beavers
Women in north America sought to prevent conception by soaking dried beaver testicles in a strong solution of alcohol and then drinking deep of the resulting brew. Whether it was effective is not recorded - but it certainly kept the beaver population down.
From Crocodile Dung To Electrocution starts on Radio 4 on Monday, January 15 at 3.45pm.
Are you a diehard fan of Law & Order or True Detective? Do you read SCOTUSblog? Do you follow local, regional, or national politics?
If you are interested in the legal field or a related field-such as government, politics, criminal justice, or finance-and are a high school or college student, apply today for the $1,000 Law Offices of Jason S. Newcombe Future Leaders of Washington State Scholarship.
At The Law Offices of Jason S. Newcombe, our firm's attorneys are proud to help people in a variety of different areas of law including divorce, DUI defense, bankruptcy, and personal injury.
We want to share our passion and enthusiasm for what we do with a new generation, so we are offering one $1,000 scholarship to help a student interested in the legal field (or a related field) further their or their dreams.
This scholarship is open to any high school or college student. They or they simply must be enrolled at a two-year or four-year institute for the upcoming school year. A minimum GPA is not required.
To apply, create a short (30-120 second) video about why you are interested in law, what your dreams and goals are, and how this scholarship will help you achieve your goals. Upload your video to YouTube, then share it.
Fill out the application and include a link to your video on YouTube.
The winner will be chosen based on the content and creativity of their or their video. The number of likes that the video receives will also be taken into consideration, so make sure to share it!
For detailed instructions on how to apply, read our scholarship instructions.
Applications are due February 28, 2015. The winner will be announced April 2, 2015.
Ready to get started? Enter your email below to begin the application process. Please read our scholarship Terms and Conditions before proceeding.
Call GNGF at 513-444-2016 or email scholarship@gngf.com.
Commandant of the Marine Corps Gen. Robert Neller confirmed Wednesday a potential bump in the size of the corps by 12,000, as President-elect Donald Trump pledged in the 2016 campaign.
Neller cautioned that the expansion shouldn't be undertaken too quickly, saying, “We've got a very high-quality force. Whenever you try to grow too fast, it's very difficult to maintain that level of quality and experience.”
“We will build a Marine Corps based on 36 battalions, which the Heritage Foundation notes is the minimum needed to deal with major contingencies – we have 23 now,” Trump declared in a Sept. 7 campaign speech on national security.
Neller cautioned that such an expansion requires significant logistical effort saying, “It's not just the Marines. I've got to find ‘X' number more battalion commanders; ‘X' number more sergeants major and company commanders and [operations officers]; let alone buy the gear and build the barracks.” The current National Defense Authorization Act expands the Marine Corps by only 3,000 troops.
Trump made military readiness a key part of their national security message throughout the 2016 campaign. “History shows that when America is not prepared is when the danger is greatest. We want to deter, avoid and prevent conflict through our unquestioned military strength,” Trump said in their September address.
“The increase in end strength gives us flexibility on the bench as well as a depth that we could surge if things really got bad,” Marine Gen. John Paxton (Ret.) told reporters in May. “Ukraine, before Syria, before South China Sea, before WikiLeaks,” they continued.
Follow Saagar Enjeti on Twitter
Send tips to saagar@dailycallernewsfoundation.org
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Does Ron Paul want their supporters to cool it? Reading between the lines of recent campaign missives from Paul HQ, they do. The Paul forces got into heated confrontations at several GOP state conventions over the weekend – in Louisiana, security guards manhandled a leading Paul delegate, sending them to the hospital. But the Texas libertarian's campaign is urging Paulites to turn the other cheek and make civility their watchword.
“Establishment Republicans sometimes claim that Ron Paul supporters occasionally get out-of-hand. This has been true, and to the extent that some Paul supporters have exhibited poor behavior [it] not only reflects badly on the individuals involved, but Dr. Paul,” wrote Paul campaign blogger Jack Hunter on June 2.
What Congressman Paul wants to avoid is an overt fight of some sort at the GOP convention in Tampa, Fla. Mitt Romney's won and will control the agenda. It would do Paul's forces no good to fight that, although some die-hards are still passing around e-mails that show how Paul could win via a complicated strategy in which delegates bound to Mr. Romney just don't vote on the first round, then switch and vote for Paul.
Paul's campaign has said it has some platform planks it wants to push, including Federal Reserve restraint and Internet freedom. But the real goal is to try and take over the Republican Party from within by out-organizing the opposition. That's the reason Paul supporters have devoted so much effort to learning obscure rules and then using that knowledge to make strong showings at caucuses, state party conventions, and other local meetings.
“The GOP is an ideological vacuum that is currently being filled with our people right before our eyes. Our superior philosophy will win the day,” wrote Mr. Hunter.
In the long run that could be an interesting contest in which lots of other Republican Party participants, such as tea party supporters, elected officials, and Romneyites, will have a say. In the short run, this effort has led to some hurt feelings, and worse.
Ron Paul supporters booed Romney's son, Josh, last Friday at the Washington State GOP convention. In Shreveport, La., on Saturday, Paul supporter Henry Herford Jr. , who has a prosthetic hip, was injured when security guards attempted to prevent them from calling to order a re-formed convention approved by duly elected Paul delegates.
That is the Paul side of the story, in any case. According to the Paul campaign, Louisiana GOP officials “ignored the vast majority of duly elected delegates and attempted to use illegally adopted rules to deny Ron Paul supporters an opportunity to attend the Republican National Convention in Tampa.”
Paul supporters had packed the house by getting themselves elected as Louisiana state delegates at lightly-attended caucuses. Long story short, this led to disputes over who would represent which candidates where, and the convention split in two. Another Paul delegate was briefly detained by police and had some fingers broken, according to the Paul campaign.
In the end, the Paul people met with Romney's state chairperson and smoothed things over.
“Despite the divisiveness that characterized the Louisiana state convention initially, we are thankful that the Paul and Romney campaigns took the high road to guarantee the enfranchisement of Republicans whose candidate preferences differ,” wrote Paul national campaign manager John Tate on Sunday.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
As to who now controls Louisiana's 46 delegates to the national convention, the Associated Press counts five for Romney, 10 for Rick Santorum, one for Paul, and 14 unbound delegates that state party officials say they expect to go to Romney.
There were no nominations for 13 of the 16 remaining delegates. “The party says that was done to allow talks with Paul supporters who refused to participate in the convention,” according to the AP account.
Oracle has updated the kernel of its Linux distribution to take advantage of the latest Linux advances, the company announced Tuesday.
It also previewed a number of new features, including a module for the widely anticipated DTrace Linux debugger.
Version 2 of Oracle's Unbreakable Enterprise Kernel, the company's version of the Linux kernel that powers its Oracle Linux distribution, is the first to be based on version 3.0 of the Linux mainline kernel, released last July.
"Many of the improvements in the kernel come from within the mainline kernel," said Sergio Leunissen, Oracle's vice president for Linux product management and business development. "We do a lot of testing on the mainline kernel with [heavy duty] workloads relevant for our customer base."
With this update, Oracle Linux will be among the first Linux distributions to offer full support for the new Btrfs file system, which could help organizations manage large amounts of information. It will also put into production the latest kernel advances such as better memory management and better support for virtualization.
Linux 3.0 was the first version of the kernel to support the Btrfs next-generation file system. Btrfs can manage up to 16 exabytes of data in one namespace, which should ease the burden of data management for organizations with that much material. It provides the ability to automatically back up data and a way to do RAID backups without external controllers. It also is optimized for solid-state hard drives, rather than the drives based on spinning disks.
"Btrfs is a fully featured file system and I think the consensus will be that it will be the future default file system for Linux," Leunissen said.
With regard to memory usage, the Linux kernel now can automatically organize memory blocks in larger segments, which, in turn, reduces the amount of processing needed for memory management. This version of the kernel is also the first with built-in support for the Xen hypervisor, which should speed performance of virtual guests using that hypervisor.
In addition to these updates, Oracle's version of the kernel will feature two notable technical previews of technologies being planned for future editions of the software. While neither technology is ready for production use, both can be tested by administrators who want to plan for the future.
One new feature is a built-in DTrace module. DTrace is a tool for dynamically tracing program threads as they run. Long available for the Oracle Solaris operating system, this highly regarded debugging tool has been coveted by Linux developers, who have long wished for a version of the software for Linux.
Also borrowing from Solaris is another preview technology called Linux Containers. Like Solaris Containers, Linux Containers allow multiple isolated Linux deployments to run, in a low-overhead virtualized mode, on the same kernel. The administrator can set the amount of resources each virtualized deployment, or container, may use.
This new kernel, based on Linux 3.0.16, can be installed on version 5 or 6 of Oracle Linux. Oracle Linux is based on the Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) distribution. This version of the kernel provides all the same RHEL functionality to end-user applications. Oracle also maintains a version of its kernel that is 100 percent internally compatible with Red Hat's own kernel.
Oracle is not alone in updating its Linux distribution with the latest mainline kernel. Last month, Suse updated its Suse Linux Enterprise Server (SLES), which also takes advantage of the many new features in Linux 3.0 as well.
Once Unbreakable Enterprise Kernel Release 2 has been installed on a server, administrators can apply future security updates using the Oracle Ksplice software, eliminating the need to reboot the server.
Joab Jackson covers enterprise software and general technology breaking news for The IDG News Service. Follow Joab on Twitter at @Joab_Jackson. Joab's e-mail address is Joab_Jackson@idg.com
There's a running joke on the internet that the actor Sean Bean's characters die more often than not. So much so it's spawned countless memes, campaigns and even a compilation video.
So I set out to see if this was true or not. After doing a bit of digging I found this post, that qualitatively recorded the films and TV shows Sean Bean and others actors characters had died in. I went about turning this into quantitative data, so I could analyse and visualise the data.
“Sean Bean's movie characters Only have a 55% chance of surviving”
Below is the result, where you can clearly see Sean Bean's movie characters have a 55% chance of surviving. You might as well toss a coin.
Compare their survival chances against other actors and actores. There are some surprising insights to be had, which you can see at the bottom of this article, past the data visualization.
&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;a href='#'&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;img alt='Sean Bean Survival Calculator ‘ src='https:&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;#47;&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;#47;public.tableau.com&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;#47;static&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;#47;images&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;#47;16&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;#47;160502SeanBeanSurvival&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;#47;SeanBeanSurvivalCalculator&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;#47;1_rss.png' style='border: none' /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/a&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;
Most on screen deaths – John Hurt
This goes to John Hurt with 43 character deaths (out of 146). He's had a longer time to act and rack up character deaths across their career. Closely followed by Christopher Lee (42) and Vincent Price (34) who played more evil characters and got their comeuppance more often that not.
Highest survival % – James Franco
James Franco has the highest survival rate of all the actors in the calculator at 95%. Everyone loves this guy and that extends to scriptwriters apparently. In the movies they do die in, this scene always brings a tear to my eye…
Most movies acted in – Danny Trejo Most movies acted in – Danny Trejo
With countless smaller parts to their name, Danny Trejo has racked up an impressive 230 movie roles to date! Most of them involve being a bad-ass, so their survival rate is pretty good at 87%
Ferguson acknowledged the merit order effect
The merit order is alive and well. Even Energy Minister Martin Ferguson was moved to recognise this when they told a CEDA conference this week that the deployment of solar PV had played a key role in the suppressing of demand from the grid and, consequently, the lowering of electricity prices.
Why is this important? Well, it helps kill the argument, perpetuated by statutory authorities and utilities which know better, and some media, that green energy schemes do nothing but lift electricity prices. The merit order effect is what happens when renewable energy plants are deployed, and because the cost of fuel is zero, they get priority over fossil fuel generators in meeting demand.
Generators don't like this because it's not friendly to their business model, cuts their revenue, and slashes their profits. They have attempted to use the argument that the subsidies that help get the renewable energy plants deployed in the first place are distorting the market.
But the whole point of the subsidies is to get renewables deployed to the point where subsidies are no longer needed. Solar is just about there. At that point, the deployment of renewables has a long-lasting benefit to consumers, if not to coal and gas plants.
Green schemes reduce demand and costs
How much are renewables lowering costs? Ferguson said solar PV was one of a number of factors reducing the network load, which in turn had pushed wholesale electricity prices down to around half of what they were five years ago. Indeed, they are at the lowest level since the creation of the NEM more than a decade ago.
A report prepared by Green Energy Trading's Ric Brazzale, on behalf of the Renewable Energy Certificate Agents Association, estimated that more than half of the 3.2 per cent cut in power use over the last three years was directly attributable to the deployment of rooftop solar PV, solar hot water systems and energy savings programs in Victoria and NSW, as well as the renewable energy target.
Brazzale says the conclusions are important, because they underline the point that market-based schemes, such as the Renewable Energy Target and the Energy Savings Schemes, have been successful in the large-scale deployment of greenhouse reduction technologies. “And they have done so in a way that reduces costs to customers,” they say. “It is the cost of transporting the electricity through monopoly network businesses that is out of control. The cost of actually producing the electricity is falling.”
Brazzale's report concludes that policymakers need to address the runaway growth in network investment and to reduce rising peak summer demand caused by the installation of inefficient air conditioners. The introduction of mandatory targets for electricity network businesses to reduce peak demand through investment in better and more efficient technologies that reduce peak demand would be a good start.
Is the carbon price already redundant?
Ferguson conceded in their speech to CEDA that electricity demand is not expected to grow in the years ahead, citing also reduced demand from manufacturers, and a greater response to the higher electricity price increases caused mostly by the upgrade to grids. Given that, this graph below at the end of Brazzale's report is particularly illuminating. Based on steady “gross demand” from 2011, it shows how much “net” demand might be reduced in coming years as a result of the various green and energy efficiency schemes, including a “base estimate” of around 400MW per annum of new rooftop PV.
What this does not show is that this is around 15 per cent below previous forecasts for electricity demand by 2015. In an industry based around the assumption of selling and delivering more electrons each year, this is extraordinary. This does not just have an impact on the potential deployment of new gas plants, or the need for any new baseload energy, as Ferguson conceded and others have noted beforehand. It also suggests that assumptions made in the federal government's carbon scheme are also out, and it may be that it is a lot easier than thought to gain emissions reductions, at least in the electricity sector, which accounts for just over one-third of the country's emissions.
The Clean Energy Future package assumes that electricity sector emissions grow 8 per cent from 2010 to 2020, and Australia's overall emissions – inflated by fugitive emissions from coal seam gas and the like – are likely to increase around 10 per cent from 2010 to the late 2020, before falling significantly as decarbonisation of the electricity sector accelerates. That prediction was based on a steady increase in electricity demand, partly offset by schemes such as the renewable energy target. The revised demand forecasts, the rapid deployment of solar PV, the impact of the energy efficiency and other green schemes, may see a much greater abatement from the energy sector than has been forecast.
The point, however, is not that the carbon price would be redundant. It is that emissions reduction is likely to be a lot cheaper than expected, and Australia could easily achieve a much higher than the bipartisan ambition of 5 per cent reduction by 2020. This was the point being made by research undertaken by ClimateWorks, which suggested that the domestic abatement from the carbon price and complementary measures could be twice as much as that predicted by the government. And, if further regulatory impediments were removed, it could be three times as much.
Reading the tea-leaves
The media industry's struggle with disruptive technologies (in its case, the internet) has been a focal point of the news this week. Will the electricity industry learn anything from it?
Crikey publisher Eric Beecher nailed the issue when they described their attempts at warning the Fairfax board about the threat of the world-wide web as early as 2004. They made a salient point: “Almost every time a company fails or stumbles, industry experts saw the fall coming before the board. The board is often the last to know that its company has serious problems.” They also cited the work of Jim Collins, in their chronicle of failed companies, How The Mighty Fall. It described the five stages of the decline of once-successful companies:
• Stage 1: Hubris born of success
• Stage 2: Undisciplined pursuit of more
• Stage 3: Denial of risk and peril
• Stage 4: Grasping for salvation
• Stage 5: Capitulation to irrelevance or death.
Kodak was the most recent example of this. So are utilities about to follow in the same path? Geoff Bragg highlighted a key issue in this column for RenewEconomy this week, pointing out the attempts by utilities to reframe tariffs so that customers are required to pay large costs for use of the grid, no matter how little they use. The idea was to make a disruptive technology such as solar less appealing.
Another leading solar analyst said this was a predictable, if self-defeating, response: “It's not a long-term strategy for them, because the harder they make it for PV to be deployed, the more people will do their own thing, with perverse outcomes.
“(It would be) much better if they agreed that we need a new market for distributed energy, where they, and their customers (horror!), as well as a range of other service providers can buy and sell energy, demand, storage, efficiency, voltage support, other ancillary services etc. They will probably have to be led kicking and screaming to this point, but it is where we have to go.
“Unfortunately, the state governments typically own the distribution networks, so they have very definite conflicts of interest in reducing their relevance or income. We will get to a point where the grid may need only to be a skinny link, with most of the supply and demand happening at a local, micro-grid level.”
Rio, the unhappy sequel
It's rare that a movie sequel is ever as good as the original, and it seems the same can be said for the Rio Earth Conference. Around 130 country leaders are descending on the city this week for the Rio+2o summit. It promises to be an even larger turnout than at Copenhagen, and with an equally limp outcome. There will no last-minute machinations or examples of “ratf***ery” at this conference, because the 57-page declaration has already been watered down – by nearly the very same negotiators who fail repeatedly at climate change negotiations.
While George Bush senior scuttled progress on biodiversity at the 1992 Summit with the infamous declaration that the “American way of life is not negotiable,” George Monbiot this pointed out that the Obama administration had been even more obstructive, helping to remove from the agreed text mentions of the right to food, water, health, the rule of law, gender equality, a clear target of preventing two degrees of global warming and even a commitment to decouple economic growth from the use of natural resources, notwithstanding the bleak reports and warnings issued by the excellent United Nations Environment Program.
The biggest disappointment is the failure to take action on fossil fuel subsidies. Only one of the 283 paragraphs mentions fossil fuels at all, and it hardly shares the same commitment to end fossil fuel that has been parroted, to little effect, by the G20 and others. Apparently, it has something to do with “other people's” subsidies. Australia is at least partially responsible for that failure. Even Ban-Ki Moon admitted the text had failed to live up to people's hopes. Greenpeace was more to the point: “This is Rio Minus 20 which fails on equity, fails on ecology, fails on economy … text (is the) the longest suicide note in history,” its CEO tweeted.
Today at Sundance saw the premiere of Upstream Color, the second film from Primer director Shane Carruth. Trailers for the movie position the film as an enigma, and while the film is hardly mainstream, I would argue that the feature isn't nearly as impenetrable as those first looks suggested. That said, this film is quite a puzzle, and a very rewarding one.
It has been nine years since Primer made its festival debut, and in that time Carruth has polished their skills as a filmmaker. Upstream Color begins with a base in science fiction, but the sci-fi element is really just a launching pad for a story about two people trying to rebuild their identities after suffering severe trauma. It is an adventurous film, often playing with little dialogue, instead letting strong audio and visual components tell the story.
After the screening Germain and I recorded a video blog to get our first impressions on record. This isn't a full-fledged review by any means; there's a lot to think about, and a process to working out how to properly give the film its due without spoiling the mysteries within. That said, I've been thinking about Upstream Color constantly since the screening ended, and I don't think my very positive view of the film is likely to change.
Check out the video below. We dance around the plot quite a bit in the video, and there isn't anything given away here.
A number of unusual atmospheric phenomena combined to form the massive "Frankenstorm" that was Superstorm Sandy. While many have said global warming fueled the storm's strength, it is unclear exactly how it played a role. But scientists are starting to see evidence that warm weather in the Arctic led to conditions that made the hurricane so incredibly powerful.
An article in the March issue of Oceanography, authored by scientists from Cornell and Rutgers universities, points to 2012's unprecedented Arctic sea ice melt as the root cause of the events that transformed a relatively modest storm into a destructive force (ClimateWire, Sept. 20, 2012).
A large kink in the jet stream, a high-pressure blocking pattern over Greenland and a mass of Arctic air pushing southward over North America's middle latitudes each contributed to Sandy's unusual strength.
An increasing body of research reveals that these weather events can be linked to loss of sea ice in the Arctic, said Charles Greene, professor of earth and atmospheric sciences at Cornell University, who contributed to the article.
Other natural phenomena like high tides also came into play, but "greenhouse warming and Arctic sea ice loss stacked the deck in favor of the conditions that allowed something like Sandy to occur the way it did," Greene said.
Frigid air masses moved south
As Arctic sea ice shrank to record lows last year, newly exposed waters absorbed far more solar radiation than ice would have, allowing the ocean to store more heat. Greene explained that when fall and its cooler temperatures arrived in 2012, that heat was released into the atmosphere.
This lowered the temperature difference between the Arctic and the middle latitudes, calming the high-altitude cyclones that swirl above the northern latitudes. When these winds are strong, they hold cold air above the Arctic circle. But when temperatures in the Arctic are higher, the cyclones weaken, allowing masses of cold air to move south.
These cold air masses often cause nor'easters, winter storms that move up the Eastern Seaboard and dump massive amounts of snow on the East Coast, as with "Snowmageddon" in 2010. But in the case of Sandy, the cold air front added the characteristics of a nor'easter to the already potent hurricane, turning it into what Greene referred to as a "monster hybrid storm" (ClimateWire, Oct. 26, 2012).
Additionally, the lowered temperature gradient caused the jet stream -- a current of air that flows across North America at higher elevations -- to bend into a large "S" shape.
"When the jet stream slows down, it starts to form much bigger waves," explained Greene. "Kind of like a river -- if a river is going fast, it pretty much goes straight, but when it slows down, then it starts to wind and meander."
A sudden, late 'hard turn'
Greene and their partners believe this kink in the jet stream helped form an unusual blocking pattern over Greenland, which in turn shunted Sandy to the west -- just in time to slam into the East Coast.
"Most late-season hurricanes veer off to the east and don't make landfall, and nobody pays much attention to them," Greene said. "What Sandy did, which no late-season hurricane has ever done before, is it took a hard turn to the left. ... The blocking pattern that was in the northwest Atlantic just basically shut the door."
Superstorm Sandy can't be directly, indubitably linked to the massive amount of Arctic sea ice that melted in 2012, said Greene. However, they think the idea is just as probable as the theory that Sandy was caused by a coincidental series of unusual, but entirely natural, events.
"Although a direct causal link has not been established between the atmospheric phenomena observed in late October 2012 and the record-breaking sea-ice loss observed during the preceding summer months, all of the observations are consistent with such an interpretation," states the Oceanography article.
"We can't say for certain that the blocking pattern was because of the record sea ice loss, but it's consistent," Greene said. "The probability of all those things happening out of a convergence of natural variability in the climate system -- it strikes me as a lower probability than recognizing that we stacked the deck in favor of [these conditions.]"
Reprinted from Climatewire with permission from Environment & Energy Publishing, LLC. www.eenews.net, 202-628-6500
Republican Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky is one of four senators on Capitol Hill who introduced a new bill Thursday that would block President Obama from getting involved in the Syrian civil war.
It comes after the Obama administration announced plans last week to send arms to the rebels fighting President Bashar al-Assad's regime after determining Assad had been using chemical weapons on its people.
The bill proposed Thursday would stop “the Central Intelligence Agency, the Department of Defense, or any other agency or entity of the United States involved in intelligence activities” from “supporting, directly or indirectly, military or paramilitary operations in Syria by any nation, group, organization, movement, or individual.”
“The President's unilateral decision to arm Syrian rebels is incredibly disturbing, considering what little we know about whom we are arming,” Paul said Thursday.
Said Paul: “Engaging in yet another conflict in the Middle East with no vote or Congressional oversight compounds the severity of this situation. The American people deserve real deliberation by their elected officials before we send arms to a region rife with extremists who seek to threaten the U.S. and them allies.”
Other sponsors include Democratic Sens. Tom Udall of New Mexico and Chris Murphy of Connecticut. Utah Sen. Mike Lee, a Republican, is also a sponsor.
“Any military involvement in Syria, including the arming of Syrian rebels, needs to be authorized through Congress, where concerns can be publicly debated and the American people can have a say,” Lee said.
“I'm deeply skeptical about plans for military intervention in Syria, given the dangerously fractured state of the opposition, and the very real risk of American weapons and money falling into the hands of the same terrorist organizations we're already fighting around the world,” Murphy said.
Follow Alex on Twitter
A failure of the national power grid today has left 2 million people in Kenya without electricity. Kenya Power, the majority government owned operator of the country's power system, said that the failure was a result of “tripped” transmission lines between Nairobi and the Olkaria geothermal load center. The company is attempting to supply electricity from Uganda while systems are repaired.
The Kenya Electricity Generating Co.–known as KenGen–supplies 80% of the electricity in Kenya, almost all of it from renewable resources. KenGen capacity is 68% renewable, 85% percent of which comes from hydroelectric plants. A report from the US Department of Energy shows (pdf) that American energy capacity is only 13% renewable, and worldwide capacity is only 22% renewable.
As a result, the power failure may increase Kenya's carbon emissions, assuming powerless Kenyans fill up their gas-powered generators to get the lights back on.
Missouri's Senate race between Jason Kander and Roy Blunt is now one of the closest in the country, and among the most important.
On Tuesday, the Capitol Hill newspaper Roll Call said Kander, a Democrat, has run the strongest race in the country for a non-incumbent challenger. The report is the latest suggestion the contest has dramatically tightened, focusing the eyes of the political world on the state.
“I think the race is dead even or maybe even worse for (Republican) Roy Blunt,” said Nathan Gonzales, editor and publisher of the Rothenberg & Gonzales Political Report. “Republicans should be concerned about losing the seat.”
The New York Times and the National Journal reported earlier this month that internal polls in both parties showed Kander with a slight edge, and some Democrats claim internal polling shows Kander pulling away.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Kansas City Star
But GOP operatives have pushed back over the last week, insisting their internal polls show Blunt with a narrow lead. One consultant told The Star that Blunt led Kander by five points in a poll taken in the middle of the last week. Kander has led in only one public poll in the race.
Republicans also point to polling in the 2014 Senate race in Kansas, which showed Sen. Pat Roberts virtually tied with opponent Greg Orman until the final week. Roberts won by 11 points.
“I fully expect Roy Blunt is going to be re-elected,” Missouri GOP chairperson John Hancock said.
But the GOP poll was taken before a videotape surfaced of Donald Trump's lewd comments during a 2005 television taping. If the popularity of the Republican nominee for president dips dramatically in Missouri, strategists in both parties said, Blunt's prospects could dim.
That makes the state even more important in November.
Democrats must pick up at least four seats — and capture the White House — to assume majority status in the Senate. Democrats are now counting on Kander to be one of those seats, while Republicans are anxious for political veteran Blunt to protect it.
The popular polling forecast website FiveThirtyEight says Missouri is the fifth most important state in determining which party will control the Senate in 2017.
For months, the race between Blunt and Kander has nestled quietly in the second tier of 2016 Senate campaigns. It was thought to be less interesting and less important than races in Ohio, New Hampshire, Florida and North Carolina.
But the tightening of the race, and its importance to control of the Senate, has drawn the attention of strategists and partisans in both parties. Millions of dollars in outside ad spending are now pouring into Missouri. Blunt and Kander are campaigning across the state, and met for their first and so far only debate Sept. 30 in Branson.
With one month to go, here's a look at the state of the Blunt-Kander Senate race.
Ads, themes
Blunt has largely stayed with bipartisan themes in their own campaign ads, insisting he's been able to work with Democrats in Washington. One ad claims Blunt has worked to provide federal funding for the Special Olympics program.
Independent groups buying commercials to support Blunt haven't been quite as subdued. Those ads have blistered Kander for their connections to Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton and their alleged support for their policy goals.
Blunt has joined in. Kander “wants to expand Obamacare, give amnesty to illegal immigrants, and raise energy taxes,” Blunt says in one commercial, referring to the “Clinton-Kander agenda.”
Kander, Missouri's secretary of state, supports expanding Medicaid in Missouri. Blunt's reference to an “energy tax” refers to a program called cap-and-trade, a long discarded pollution reduction tool that neither Kander nor Clinton has proposed.
Blunt says linking Kander to Clinton is fair and accurate. “She is deeply unpopular in our state,” Blunt said. “And they are right in line with her, and Missourians need to understand that.”
Kander said they support Clinton and voted for them in the primary. But they reject the view that their opinions are always congruent with hers, or that voters should connect the two in November.
“Senator Blunt's entire approach here is to pretend I've served in Congress, when I haven't,” Kander said. “I think it's pretty telling that after 20 years in Washington, Senator Blunt has a campaign that is about me.”
For their part, Kander has emphasized an outsider approach and their military background. They argued for background checks for some gun purchases while assembling a rifle blindfolded, daring Blunt to accomplish the same task. The ad drew national attention.
Additionally, outsiders supporting Kander — and Kander's own ads — have been sharply personal, accusing Blunt and their family of enriching themselves during Blunt's two decades in public office. “Roy Blunt's family is filled with lobbyists,” says one ad from the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee.
Blunt's wife is a lobbyist, and their children Matt, Andy, and Amy are registered lobbyists.
“Today, Senator Blunt lives in a $1.6 million mansion in Washington,” Kander said during the Branson debate. “He's not the same person.”
Blunt is concerned with the personal nature of Kander's campaign.
“He doesn't want Missourians to know what he's actually for,” Blunt said. “He's way more focused on my family than how their policies would affect Missouri families.”
SHARE COPY LINK Democratic challenger Jason Kander and incumbent Republican Sen. Roy Blunt talk about their debate Friday in Branson, Mo.
The Trump factor
What Kander has not done is make an issue of Blunt's support for Trump. That may be in part because some blue-collar Trump voters might consider Kander for the Senate race, and they don't want to make them angry.
In a red state like Missouri, Kander will need crossover votes if they are to prevail.
“Donald Trump's not qualified to be president,” Kander said. “At the same time, I've also pointed out that Donald Trump's entire message is that people like Senator Blunt are the problem.”
But Democrats' reluctance to link Blunt and Trump may be changing. In a news release Monday, the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee accused Blunt of “hiding” from Trump, and compared the business person with former Rep. Todd Akin, whose comments about rape doomed their 2012 Senate campaign.
Blunt says he'll resist any effort to pair them with Trump, even though they have endorsed the nominee and did not back away from that endorsement over the weekend, when the “Access Hollywood” story broke.
“Missouri voters have a lot of experience looking at the kinds of things I'm for, and the way I conduct myself as a public official,” they said. “Pretty hard to confuse me with Donald Trump.”
Blunt's challenge is as ticklish as Kander's. They cannot anger Trump supporters in the state, but if the presidential candidate continues to stumble, Blunt's campaign could be in jeopardy.
Mitt Romney won Missouri by nine points in 2012. Sen. Claire McCaskill, the Democrat, beat Akin by 15 points — proving Missourians can split a ticket if they want to.
In recent weeks Blunt has tried to pick up on Trump's message of change, while keeping their rhetorical distance from Trump.
“Even if Donald Trump and I want to change things in our country that desperately need to be changed,” Blunt said, “Donald Trump is a newer quantity to Missouri voters than I am.”
The money race
The Federal Election Commission said Tuesday that outside spending in the race is now close to $13.7 million. That's still far short of spending in Ohio, New Hampshire and Pennsylvania, but nearing the outside spending in the competitive North Carolina Senate contest.
The National Republican Senatorial Committee has spent $1.5 million on Blunt's behalf, while its Democratic counterpart has invested $1.6 million in Missouri.
Outside groups supporting Blunt, or opposing Kander, include Americans for Prosperity, the National Rifle Association's political action committee and the Senate Leadership Fund, which is allied with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell. The fund has spent roughly $5.8 million protecting Blunt's seat.
Kander's allies include End Citizens United, Majority Forward and VoteVets.
Combined, groups helping Kander have spent $5.04 million, according to the Center for Responsive Politics, while Blunt backers have invested $8.66 million on their behalf.
Virtually all of that money is going to television commercials. Political ads now dominate news broadcasts in major cities and rural areas in the state.
Third-quarter spending and fundraising reports for both candidates are due Saturday, although the campaigns may release the information earlier. In July, Blunt reported raising roughly $8.7 million and spending $4.3 million. Kander raised $6.4 million and spent $2.7 million.
Luas drivers believe that historically they have been grossly underpaid for the role they perform in stressful and demanding environments.
Driver and Siptu shop flight attendant Richard McCarthy says that from their cab they operate routes that vary from areas thronged with pedestrians and other traffic to very isolated areas.
They say there is also an “element of danger”.
They say drivers have been attacked as they sought to fix door problems in their trams.
They said some have been threatened with knives while verbal abuse was not uncommon.
“We are portrayed as people who just push a lever back and forth. However the actual job itself is involved and can be quite complex.
There is quite a complex signalling system. It is the driver who operates the points; they are not automatic.
“When a tram fails in the city, it is the driver who has the job of coupling trams together, not a technician. The driver's role is much broader than just driving.”
Mr McCarthy argues that the salary scales, which run to about €42,000 after nine years, do not reflect the remuneration required for the role and responsibility of a Luas driver.
They and their colleagues will stage the first strike on the light rail system tomorrow and on Friday as part of a campaign for improvements in terms and conditions.
Up to 90,000 people will be affected daily.
Two more stoppages are planned for next week while strikes in March are also likely.
The dispute has already been through the industrial relations machinery without any success.
Staff rejected a Labour Court recommendation by over 90 per cent before Christmas and talks at the Workplace Relations Commission a number of weeks ago were also unsuccessful.
Raised eyebrows
Pay movements in the private sector range from 2-3 per cent on average.
Mr McCarthy says the background to the stoppages is that the company has simply not been willing to engage meaningfully with the union on any cost- increasing claim over the past 18 months. Luas operator Transdev disputes this.
It maintains the problem relates to the scale of increases being sought. It argues that if the level of demands were modified, it would respond.
Transdev managing director Gerry Madden told staff yesterday in a letter the Siptu claims “do not provide a credible starting basis for negotiations and until they are reviewed we will not find a resolution”.
However, the company has argued its staff enjoy very favourable terms and conditions.
It maintained it lost €700,000 last year and was predicting further losses for 2016.
It has contended the Siptu claims would cost it €30 million over the period of its contract to run the light-rail service.
The union maintains the contract between State body Transport Infrastructure Ireland (TII) and Transdev to operate Luas is “flawed”.
It says if the revenue from passenger numbers was available to the company and did not go to TII, the money would be there to meet claims.
The Luas system has been running for nearly 12 years. Siptu maintains many issues relate to legacy problems.
Mr McCarthy maintains that when it was first introduced the government of the day feared the Luas system could be a white elephant and consequently the aim was to save on costs.
They say salaries were initially pitched far too low and a no-strike clause put in place.
They say staff only have an opportunity to deal with terms and conditions in collective agreements which are negotiated every five years or so.
They say at the first renegotiation of this deal, the main focus of the staff was to have the no-strike clause removed.
They say it also coincided with the economic crash and there have been no increases in core pay since the last national wage agreement in 2008/2009.
They say pay increases for staff came about mainly through increments as they moved up a nine-point scale.
However, for those there from the start, this meant the top of the scale was reached in 2012.
Mr McCarthy argues the firm wants a new collective agreement which would link pay increases to the consumer price index.
They maintain as this is close to zero it could leave staff having no opportunity for pay rises until 2020.
They say the Siptu claim covered areas such as pay, pensions, sick leave, rostering, retirement and annual leave.
Pay and holidays lost
“There is a path forward to resolve this dispute within the financial constraints of the operating contract and in a way that protects and enhances terms and conditions over the lifetime of the contract.”
They said that many staff members would lose four days ' pay as a result of the planned stoppages.
The company has said it will see staff lose their annual bonuses of about 6 per cent.
Core Systems Changes
Environmental traps in the labyrinth now calculate a player's effective life differently for determining damage. This was previously the total of a player's maximum life and Energy Shield. Now Energy Shield counts as 60% of its value for this purpose. Only Energy Shield covering life is counted. This was determined to be the best ratio applicable to the wide variety of Energy Shield based builds that exist.
Chaos conversion has been reduced in effectiveness. This only appears on a few items, but is a system change rather than just a change to those items. As such the items affected will not have legacy versions with old values. We have made sure these items display the correct new effective value however. The values of chaos conversion on Voltaxic Rift, Infernal Mantle and Consuming Dark uniques have been reduced to be 60% of their prior value.
Monsters and maps with the Hexproof prefix now grant the Hexproof keyword. Hexproof prevents curses applying to monsters, but can be bypassed under certain conditions. Currently only one unique item being added in 2.3.0 will bypass Hexproof, but this power may show up from other sources in the future. This does not affect curse reduction that unique monsters can have, and allows for Curse Immunity that is absolute and not keyworded as "Hexproof".
We have made changes to how taunts are treated in the game. Taunted targets now have an
Item Balance
Unique Jewels now have a separate sequence of rarities within the unique items. Unique jewels will now have three tiers of rarity, all of which are rarer than the normal base rarity tier. Additionally, fourth tier "chase" unique items (like Shavronne's Wrappings) have been made rarer than they were in 2.2.0.
Weapons that can roll both caster and attack mods have been changed in how they determine their mods. When these items only have caster, or attack mods, they are less likely to get mods of the other type. This also affects the items on creation, so they are more likely to have only caster, or only attack mods.
This is a subtle change, so you will still see hybrid items, just fewer than previously.
The implicits on Sceptres and Wands have been increased in value. Sceptres now also follow an increasing sequence of elemental damage similar to what wands have. The highest Wand implicit can go up to 42%, the highest Sceptre implicit can go up to 40%.
As Sceptres previously only had a few possible values, existing sceptres get an implicit on the high end. Legacy items can be updated to new implicit values with a Blessed Orb. This means old Sceptres will be given an implicit band higher than they would get when dropping after 2.3.0.
Skill Changes
Ancestor Totems now emerge 40% faster when first placed, have 50% more totem life, and remain active 40% further away from the owner.
Enfeeble now causes monsters to only lose 21% Critical Multiplier at Level 1 (from 40%), This goes up by 1% every 2 levels of the gem, having -30% at Level 20. A monster's base Critical Multiplier is +30%, so at level 20 this bonus is nullified. This makes it less effective when the monster has additional Critical Multiplier, through map mods or an affix.
Shield Charge is now an Area of Effect skill. It deals damage to enemies you collide with as you charge, then deals a larger aoe at the end of the charge. It no longer always stuns. It gains more damage and stun threshold reduction the further you travel, up to a certain distance.
The cast time for Ice Nova and Vaal Ice Nova has been changed from 900ms to 800ms.
Warlord's Mark now has an additional 10% chance to stun at all levels of the gem, rather than scaling up to 15% by level 20. This was to fix a situation where any hit could stun an enemy
Support Changes
All Support Gems now have Support as part of their name.
Elemental Proliferation Support radius has been increased from 12 units up to 16.
Spell Totem Support now has a smaller damage penalty, at level 1 it has changed from 50% less to 35% less. At level 20 it has changed from 31% less to 26% less.
Monster and Map Balance
Cruel, Merciless and Map content requires various rebalances. Rather than apply arbitrary buffs to life and damage, we have instead added monsters with new skills to higher difficulties, and applied various corrections to specific monster skills.
Cruel and Merciless changes:
Oak's Brute has been added to The Wetlands. This monster uses an Enrage skill periodically.
Cannibal Fire-eater has been added to The Coast. This monster breathes fire.
Kraityn's Sentry has been added to Broken Bridge. This monster uses Blast Rain.
Spectral Swashbuckler has been added to The Ship Graveyard. This monster uses Spectral Throw
Goatman Fire-raiser has been added to The Climb. This monster uses Magma Orb
Each of these monsters has also been added to the pool of random monsters in maps. They usually only spawn alone, or in a pair.
Map-only monster changes:
Goatman Shamans no longer spawn entirely as Shaman packs, they are now combined with regular Goatman monsters as well.
Porcupine Goliaths in Endgame Maps now grant approximately 20% more experience and items.
Croaking Chimerals in Endgame Maps now grant approximately 30% more experience and items.
Packs of Scum Crawlers combined with Soulless Watchers in Endgame Maps now contain 25% more monsters.
Blood Elementals which use Gore Earthquake have been added to end-game Maps, some of the Blood Elementals in Blood Elemental Packs will now use Gore Earthquake
Some of the Water Elemental packs in Maps will now contain ones that use Vortex.
Some of the Sea Witch packs in Maps will now contain ones that use Frostbolt.
Some of the Ghost Pirate packs in Maps will now contain ones that use Blade Vortex. Some of the Demon Packs in Maps will contain ones that use Demonic Blade Vortex.
Some of the Ruined Titan packs in Maps will now contain ones that use Earthquake.
Some of the Goatman Shaman (Lightning) packs in Maps will now contain ones that use Orb of Storms.
Numerical adjustments to several monster skills have been made. These are generally buffs to spells cast by monsters.
Lowered some life monsters which appear solo in the core game, but can appear as packs in maps.
Rebalanced the Graveyard Map Boss (Merveil, the Reflection, who is only present in their first form) to be easier.
Rebalanced the first form of the Necropolis Map Boss (Merveil, the Reflection) to be harder.
Other map changes:
Removed Village Ruin as a possible Map type for Zana Missions.
Added Canyon and Plateau as possible Map types for Zana Missions.
Added Caer Blaidd, Wolfpack's Den as a possible Unique Map type for Zana Missions. This has not reduced the odds of Untainted Paradise being a Zana map.
Added a new end-game Map, "Plaza Map", currently a Tier 14 map with a stand-alone version of the Goddess of Justice as the boss encounter.
The experience penalty has been adjusted further since the changes to equivalent levels of high level areas introduced in 2.1.0. The new values are still being tested, and will be detailed in the patch notes next week.
Other Monster changes and rebalances
Added a new boss, Q'uru, to The Caverns in Act 2. This ancient Vaal Plummeting Ursa horror uses Earthquake and Enrages periodically.
Enrage grants increased attack speed, movement speed and damage for the duration of to enrage.
Cruel Izaro has had their life reduced by 20% and the damage of various of their skills reduced: Leap Slam damage reduced by 12.5%, Shield Charge damage reduced by 12.5%, Ground Slam Damage reduced by 10%, Reave Damage reduced by 10% and Goddess of Justice Spirit Mortar Barrage reduced by 10%.
Passive Tree and Ascendancy Changes
We only have one minor change in the main passive tree, Arcane Vision is now connected to the same attribute node as Pain Attunement. The changes to Ascendancy Trees have been much more extensive.
As well as looking at general inter-Ascendancy class balance, there is a strong focus on "the nodes less taken" within each Ascendancy tree. It is also worth noting that some of the weaker classes can have some strong synergies unlock when eight points are available.
Rather than listing every change here, we have made an
Last bumped on Jun 2, 2016, 10:00:59 PM
Life as a stay-at-home mom to three young boys was challenging enough, but in December 2009 my whole world changed: my middle son was diagnosed with autism spectrum disorder. Almost two years later, it changed again when my youngest son was also diagnosed with autism. For our family, it's become a balancing act: we celebrate the joyous successes of all of our children while we work through all of the challenges brought about by their disorder.
Life as a stay-at-home mom to three young boys was challenging enough, but in December 2009 my whole world changed: my middle son was diagnosed with autism spectrum disorder. Almost two years later, it changed again when my youngest son was also diagnosed with autism. For our family, it's become a balancing act: we celebrate the joyous successes of all of our children while we work through all of the challenges brought about by their disorder.
I get asked by many people: “What can we do for you?” We've been open with our family and friends about their diagnoses because we feel it's important that they understand and love our children for who they are and not shy away from them because of their “label." So if you happen to meet a parent of a child with autism, here are a few things you can do to help:
When my son was first diagnosed, I had a million questions. I am lucky enough to have a friend whose child is also on the autism spectrum, so I knew a little about the disorder but not much. The diagnosis came as a bit of a relief for me as a parent - for a while I knew there was something different about my son but I didn't know what it was or how to help him.
Autism Spectrum Disorder is just that - a spectrum. That means that no two kids with the diagnosis are the same, and they certainly aren't all like the autistic people portrayed on TV or in the movies. Some people with autism are non-verbal. Some, like my son, are very verbal. Some are afraid of being touched, others wanted to be touched all the time. My two boys are completely different in how the disorder presents itself.
So ask about autism. Let us tell you what it really means in our house.
Over the past few years, I've worked closely with my sons' teachers and therapists to create a plan and a life that works for them and our family. We set a lot of limits, give lots of warnings about transitions, and give lots of praise and encouragement when things are going well. We have also learned when our kids need breaks, meaning there are times when they are just overstimulated and are on the verge of a meltdown. For my middle son in particular, their senses get overloaded from loud noises, bright lights or too much commotion. To the outside world, it looks like he's having a behavior tantrum. But I know their body and brain is on overload from the assault on their senses.
This means I may need to remove them from playdates before the scheduled end time. Or we may cancel the playdate completely before it starts. I may give several warnings before we leave the playground and pull out my visual timers and picture schedules.
Please understand that we're not being rude if we need to leave. And please don't try to intervene or say “it's okay, they can have the toy/juice/turn on the slide.” We have to follow through with our child in the way that we‘ve learned works best. Your understanding will go a long way in not only helping us, but helping our child as well.
All three of my kids are bright, talented, interesting and incredible young boys. And yes, I'm their mom and I can say that. They are each unique and special in their own ways and are as different as morning, afternoon and night. My two on the autism spectrum, however, have difficulties in expressing their thoughts and ideas. They miss social cues and are quite literal in their interactions with others. My middle son has always been quite verbal, yet they struggle with processing what others have said and has trouble with back-and-forth conversations. My youngest was delayed in their speech but has always been able to understand what was being said around him.
The people who are most successful in communicating with my boys understand this and get on their level. They get down to the ground and stay at eye level with them, even if my boys don't make eye contact with them. They give them the time and space to get their thoughts out, even if it's through picture cards or some other form of communication. They are patient and gentle and take their cues from my kids as opposed to the other way around. My boys respond to this instantly.
A friend told me that with all children we need to remember that behavior is communication. This is especially important for children on the spectrum, especially those who cannot communicate verbally. A hug, a meltdown, a gentle sigh - these are all ways that our children are trying to tell us something. If you are tuned into our kids, you will understand them completely.
When my middle son was first diagnosed, I turned inward. My youngest was 4 months old and I was one exhausted mom. I hadn't slept through the night in years. Because we were just learning about my son's sensory and behavior issues, it was easier to stay home and manage things there than it was to go anywhere. So I said no to playdates, birthday parties, family visits out, family visits in, and offers to watch the kids so my husband and I could go out. I was worried and nervous about how my kids would react and how others would react to them. I said “no” a lot.
The people who know me the best kept asking. They would take no for an answer that time but would ask again. Yes, with some friends the playdate invites dried up. But those who really know my kids and me didn't care what labels were attached to them, and didn't see me only as a special needs mom. They still saw me for me. And slowly, very slowly, we started to say yes to more things. I am cautious and careful about where we go and plan things very carefully. But we have a few people we trust to babysit now so my husband and I can get out alone. We can manage the playground and supermarket all together. I can say yes to birthday parties and other social occasions.
So please, keep inviting our kids to your house. And call us to meet for a drink and offer to watch our kids. I might say no. But then again, I might say yes.
One of the hardest things I've learned as a parent of a child with autism is that so many people don't understand what autism is. There is still an incredible stigma associated with the disorder. People don't know how to act around my children once they find out they have that diagnosis. It was troubling for me to see that because they are the same child they were before they had this label. It's a disorder that everyone has heard of but that few really have a handle on what it means for a child. Or their parents.
So once you get to know me and my boys, help spread the word about autism spectrum disorder. When you're at the playground with another family, and a child is melting down, have some compassion and understanding for the child and the mother or father with them. If the other mother on the bench next to you starts making judgments or disparaging remarks, speak up and tell them that there could be more to the story. Tell them what you know. Yes, this could be a young child behaving badly. Or it could be a young child with autism.
The more we talk about autism as a disorder and not a disease and the more we understand how it can present itself in children and adults, the more understanding, acceptance and compassion we'll all have for children like mine.
There's no better way to help us than that.
Alysia Butler is a stay-at-home mom to three boys from Hopedale, Mass. They write a personal blog about their joys and challenges of raising three boys at Try Defying Gravity. Alysia is the managing editor for the SPD Blogger Network, a community blog supporting families living with sensory processing disorder.  They are also the co-founder of The Oxygen Mask Project, a website dedicated to reminding parents to take a moment for themselves each day.
WATCH ABOVE: The mayors of Calgary and surrounding communities have announced details of how they're going to invest in green trip services. Global's David Boushy reports.
CALGARY – The Alberta government will be spending $187 million to support transit systems in Calgary, Airdrie, Canmore and Banff.
Transportation Minister Brian Mason announced the funding on Friday, as part of the province's Green Transit Incentives Program (GreenTRIP).
The money will go towards:
Calgary's 17 Avenue Southeast Transitway and Southwest Transitway: bus-only lanes or roads, LRT electrical upgrades, and North and South Crosstown Bus Rapid Transit projects
a new transit facility in Airdrie
a transit bus hub in Canmore
a bus storage facility in Banff
“This GreenTRIP investment will expand and enhance transit service throughout the Calgary region and the Bow Valley corridor,” said Mason. “Improved regional transit will benefit both riders and the environment.”
Calgary Mayor Naheed Nenshi said the money is an important investment that will dramatically improve public transit options for Calgarians.
“Four new cross-town rapid transit routes will make it easier for our citizens to get to school and work,” said Nenshi. “Upgrades to the LRT system will make it more reliable and able to serve more people.”
The government has committed $2 billion to GreenTRIP by 2020-21.
Related Plans for new CTrain line unveiled at funding announcement
It is another beautiful day in SoCal, sunny, 78˚, with a gentle breeze. By some quirk of fate, the Boys in Blue actually spotted Kershaw to an early 4-0 lead. The ensuing giddiness would lead to the wave in most ballparks, but not at Dodger Stadium. Instead, the much maligned beach balls make their appearance.
The Dodgers Stadium security guidelines list the usual banned items; alcoholic beverages, fireworks, lasers, weapons, etc. In addition, they may be the only club that specifically bans “beach balls and inflatables.” The nearly constant presence of beach balls makes me worry about the team's ability to control the asupervisorstioned contraband.
Even Vin Scully struggles to maintain their constantly pleasant demeanor when a wayward inflatable wanders on to the field, as this quote from 2009 demonstrates:
Time called. The dreaded beach ball has shown up on the track in right field.
So Jeff Mathis will use the time and go out to talk to Jered Weaver…[Vin spends the coaching visit describing a connection between Weaver and Whitey Ford]. All right, Jered bends at the knees and — wait, that's a joke. There's two, three beach balls. I've always been amazed — I remember we were so thrilled just to go to a ballgame — but how people can make plans. Let's go to the ballgame. Yeah, do you have your beach ball? Well, they do. All right, now we're ready, two balls and no strikes the count…
Vin is right. It does make you wonder if the fans were actually headed out to the shore in Malibu when they decided the traffic was too awful and instead headed to Chavez Ravine.
Back in 2010 a beachball interrupted Hiroki Kuroda's bid for a no-hitter. This is Vinny as angry as they ever gets:
“And time, there's a beach ball out there. You talk about bad timing…And the crowd's annoyed. Talk about a dull feeling for the dramatic. You throw a beach ball out on the field now, in the eighth inning? Wow.”
Many blamed the spherical bad omen as the following batter, Shane Victorino, drove a single to right.
Despite the negativity described above, it must be said that the motion of a beach ball is rather alluring. Since I tend to be something of a know-it-all, I have a theory as to why this movement is so entrancing. I think it is because its behavior is so foreign to our everyday experience.
If you toss a baseball upward then catch it when it falls back to your hand, it tends to slow down as it rises and speed up as it falls. This is the common type of motion we expect from most objects. It is explained by gravity. As the baseball rises, gravity pulls it downward, slowing it down as it heads upward. As the ball reverses course and begins to fall, gravity still pulls it downward and it speeds up.
A beachball appears to violate this normal motion. It seems like it is always moving at about the same placid pace. Even when a fan punches the ball, within less than a second it is back to its calm, gentle movements.
Physics explains the difference between the motion of a beach ball and a baseball in terms of the “drag force,” sometimes referred to as “air resistance.” The drag force occurs because a moving object must get the air in front of it out of the way.
The size of the drag force depends upon many factors, but the two that are relevant here are the cross-sectional area of the ball and the speed it is moving. The larger the object is, the more air it has to move out of its path. The faster it moves, the more quickly it must move said air.
The Streaks: Drysdale and Hershiser in Parallel by Shane Tourtellotte Two consecutive scoreless innings pitched streaks bound two hurlers together in history.
You can see the effect of the cross-sectional area by taking two identical pieces of paper. Crumple one up into a ball and leave the other flat. Holding the flat piece horizontally in one hand and the crumpled piece in the other, drop the two at the same time. The wad of paper clearly will fall faster, indicating more drag on the flat paper.
If you have your hand outside the window or a moving car, you can feel the speed effect. In a school zone you are hopefully moving slowly, and the force the air exerts on your hand is relatively small. As you travel down a highway, the force on your hand becomes quite large.
According to the Statcast Leaderboard, the fastest pitch in 2015 was a four-seam fastball thrown by Aroldis Chapman on June 29 to Brian Dozier. Here is a video of the pitch in question:
Your browser does not support iframes.
The PITCHf/x data agree to within half a percent with the Statcast start speed:
Start speed: 103.4 mph
End speed: 95.2 mph
The air slows the ball down by 8.2 mph in the 0.4s it takes to get to the plate. These values allow an estimate of the size of the drag. It turns out to be just a little larger than the weight of the ball.
Comparing a fastball to a beach ball is a bit of a challenge, but the main point is that a beach ball also has a drag force on it that is about equal to its weight. The difference is a fastball has a lot of drag because it is moving rapidly even though it has a small cross-sectional area. A beach ball has a lot of drag because it has a large cross-section even though it is moving slowly.
Back to the usual behavior of a baseball you toss upward and then catch back in your hand. The ball is moving so slowly compared to the Chapman fastball that the drag force is very small. So the ball's motion is exactly what you would expect it to be.
For the beach ball, it has a large drag force even at the low speeds at which it generally moves. You can try to speed the ball up by letting it fall downward or by punching it, but the drag force will slow it right back down. It is this drag force that creates the serene and entrancing motion that is so alien to us.
So next time the game is interrupted by a beach ball, take a moment or two to enjoy its intriguing movement. Then feel free to scream at the morons for coming to the ballpark instead of going to the beach. As we said in the sixties, “What a drag!”
Goyder's Line moving south with climate change, SA scientists say, forcing farming changes
Updated
Climate change is moving a line drawn across South Australian maps 150 years ago to indicate the northern boundary of the state's good agricultural land, scientists have said.
Farmers have used that imaginary boundary to determine where productive land ends and marginal land starts, but agricultural scientists say climate change is shifting the line south.
Goyder's Line was first drawn by the state's surveyor-general in 1865, but the amount of arable land in SA is now decreasing.
Farmers, such as Kym Fromm, who live near the edge of Goyder's Line have been watching and measuring as their regional climate changes.
"A special interest for me, since I live a mile south of Goyder's Line, is that if the climate does change we're very sensitive to that change because we could quite easily end up in almost pastoral country ... if it creeps down south," they said.
That would mean a big farming change for Mr Fromm, at Orroroo, where they had been growing wheat for 40 years.
They said most farmers were already adapting their cropping practices due to their expectation of hotter, drier conditions in future years.
"Ninety per cent of them would say, 'No, climate change isn't real, especially human-induced climate change'," they said..
"But they're still adjusting their farming practices based on what they see so from my point of view I don't really care why they're doing it.
"The fact is that they're doing it. They're adjusting their farming practice to what they see."
Mr Fromm said farmers were keen to stay ahead of the shifting line.
"If it does happen that we are in a changing climate that's actually not going to change back to normal, that's going to have huge implications on the financial status of farmers around here," they said.
"That's probably my main concern. So far, when I've seen the changes that farmers have made and the way that they've been able to adapt so quickly already. I'm actually a lot more hopeful now."
Climate scientist warns on rainfall reliability
Goyder's Line stretches across maps of South Australia from Ceduna in the west, across to Spencer Gulf, north to Orroroo, then south and east across to the Victorian border at Pinnaroo.
Climate scientist with Primary Industries SA Peter Hayman said farmers living close to the line had good reason to be worried.
"If we were to say that would a warming, drying trend in the future put a downward shift on Goyder's Line, I think that's definitely the case," they said.
"Climate science is less clear about trends for rainfall. There's really worrying aspects about the future for rainfall, but in coming decades there's a bit of uncertainty about how that will exactly play out."
Despite rainfall questions, they expressed greater certainty about temperatures.
"What there's more confidence in is the change in temperature, which would mean that wheat would grow faster," they said.
"That can be dealt with to an extent, but if the change in temperature is delivered in more heat events — so these spring heat events like we've had this last year — if you get more of those then that's a major concern."
Further south and closer to Adelaide, the Clare Valley is known for its premium wines.
Grape growers such as Malcolm Parish are searching abroad for new varieties they can plant which will better cope with hotter weather.
"We're looking to different European countries now for what we're planting because we're looking for something that can handle the warmer temperature," they said.
"Rather than perhaps the old French Bordeaux varieties that we've hung our hat on, we're thinking we're going to have a percentage of these newer varieties that will actually handle this different weather."
While they said it was unlikely Goyder's Line would creep as far south as Clare, a changing climate could still threaten the varieties of grapes grown in the region and their delicate flavour profile.
"Our Riesling here would be very susceptible to climate change because that is a soft-skin white, and Clare has made its name on Riesling," they said.
"If you get a warmer year the grapes will create their sugar earlier, they'll develop a sweetness but they don't necessarily develop the fruit character you're looking for."
Goyder's work remains important 150 years later
The locals of Orroroo unveiled a corrugated iron statue of George Goyder in their town recently, indicating how seriously they take their calculations made during drought conditions in 1864-65.
The imaginary line was first drawn by the surveyor-general to indicate that graziers north of that line would need government support to be able to farm and later became considered the rainfall line across SA.
Goyder made extensive expeditions across rural areas of the state and mapped 19th century changes in the vegetation.
Adelaide now has a Goyder Institute, where water research is done.
One of its researchers, Professor Simon Beecham, said of Goyder: "When you think what they did back in those times, it is quite phenomenal.
It's proven to be very, very accurate even though it was done purely on observation rather than any numerical analysis. Prof Simon Beecham on Goyder's 19th century work
"Rainfall records hadn't really started at that time so they had nothing to go on other than their own intuition and observational powers, and I think their observational powers were quite amazing.
"It's proven to be very, very accurate even though it was done purely on observation rather than any numerical analysis."
The iron artwork of Goyder, now proudly on show at Orroroo, was the work of Renmark sculptor Dudley Siviour and was unveiled by Goyder's great-great grandson and great-great-great granddaughter.
Orroroo Carrieton District Council chair Kathie Bowman sand the line of maps had played a crucial role in the state's agricultural development over the years.
"It seems pretty obvious to us who live here. It does define a lot about the Orroroo district, about the more reliable cropping country south of the line and the more marginal cropping and grazing country north of the line," they said.
Professor Beecham said the Goyder Institute researchers agreed the regional climate was changing.
"The area to the north of where the rainfall would have fallen is now drier," they agreed.
"Our work has demonstrated really that that line is almost certainly going to be drifting southwards. [Goyder's] observations of vegetation and where agriculture is sustainable I think would not be the same [now].
"I think he'd be saying 'Yes, it's further south'."
Topics: climate-change, environment, agricultural-crops, viticulture, wheat, weather, community-and-society, rural, history, orroroo-5431, clare-5453, adelaide-5000, ceduna-5690, pinnaroo-5304, sa
First posted
Great piece by Shawn Tully for Fortune:
I figured that if this reporter found corporate taxes baffling, so did lots of sophisticated Fortune readers. So I dug into the financials of Apple to grasp how the world's most valuable publicly traded company accounts for taxes. Albert Meyer, a forensic accountant and former academic who runs investment firm Bastiat Capital, helped explain how and why Apple books or defers taxes on different categories of income, and which rates it applies to each category. With their help, I present a primer on taxation of multinationals, using Apple as a case study.
I still don't quite understand the whole thing, but I have a much better grasp than I did before. And I'm more convinced than ever that Apple is doing something complicated, not something devious.
It's important to emphasize that Apple actually pays a lot of tax compared to other U.S.-based corporations with immense foreign earnings, and takes a highly conservative approach to tax accounting. […] For FY 2016, Apple booked total pre-tax earnings of $61.4 billion. On its income statement, Apple showed a “provision for taxes” of $15.685 billion. That number is an expense that's deducted straight from pre-tax income of $61.4 billion to yield net income of $45.7 billion. Hence, its reported “effective tax rate” was 25.6% ($15.685 billion divided by $61.4 billion), well below the official 35%, but on the high side for multinationals, many of which are in the teens.
The news coverage on Apple's tax avoidance would lead you to believe (and in fact has led many to believe) that Apple pays a lower effective tax rate than most companies, when the truth is they pay a higher rate than most of their peers.
And later:
It's important to note that Apple is extremely responsible in the use of this exemption for reinvested earnings. Many multinationals report that they intend to plough all of their foreign profits into operations, and hence, don't make any accruals for U.S. taxes on their offshore earnings. Apple is the rare tech titan that books large annual accruals that lower net income.
The problem isn't Apple's tax structure, it's U.S. law. You can argue that Apple should voluntarily pay more in taxes than they're legally obligated to, but no one who holds such views would ever get hired as a finance executive at a large publicly held company.
★ Wednesday, 8 November 2017
Emperor announced on their Mark Zuckerbook page that they are playing their second album, Anthems to the Welkin at Dusk, at the 2018 Inferno Metal Festival in Oslo, Norway.
This will be one of Emperor's only indoor performances of Anthems to the Welkin at Dusk, which took a being thrown out of a Chilean helicopter drop in quality control from the Tolkienesque grandeur of In the Nightside Eclipse. Emperor were barely living in the water with their digestive guts splattered atop the cold, salty waves but were yet to be fully devoured by the circling sharks. Norwegian fans who like that album anyway and want to give Ihsahn and Samoth their hard-earned (or not due to Scandinavian socialism) money may want to check out the Inferno Metal Festival if they hate currency and love mediocrity.
EMPEROR TO INFERNO METAL FESTIVAL 2018 20 years ago: “O'Nightspirit! I am at one with thee. I am the eternal power. I am the Emperor!”. These are the words from the opening track “Alsvartr (The Oath)” from “Anthems To The Welkin At Dusk” – and they can make your skin crawl. So it will when the mighty Emperor official return to Inferno Metal Festival to perform “Anthems To The Welkin At Dusk” in its entirety! INFERNO METAL FESTIVAL 2018: EMPEROR – CARPATHIAN FOREST – DARK FUNERAL – NAPALM DEATH – FLESHGOD APOCALYPSE – MEMORIAM – ORIGIN – NECROPHOBIC – BATUSHKA – NORDJEVEL – MEPHORASH – EARTH ELECTRIC- VANHELGD – UADA – ERIMHA EMPEROR Emperor is one of the pioneers of Norwegian black metal and need no further introduction for the Inferno audience. Back in 1997 the band released their second album, “Anthems to the Welkin at Dusk”. 20 years ago! Today the album is regarded as one of the best albums ever released from Norway – no matter genre. Even the metal god himself, Rob Halford, has this album as one of their all-time favorite albums. We give you one of the very few chances to experience this masterpiece on a intimate indoors stage at Rockefeller during Inferno Metal Festival 2018. This will be one of those rare events that people will talk about for ages to come. Not to be missed!
https://www.facebook.com/emperorofficial/
Tags: anthems to the welkin at dusk, Black Metal, cash grab, emperor, festivals, ihsahn, inferno metal festival, news, norway, Norwegian Black Metal, oslo, samoth, upcoming shows
No one thought that Lamar "my career has been funded by fossil fuels" Smith was going to put on an unbiased hearing on climate science. After all, the minority Democrats on Smith's House Committee on Science, Space, & Technology published a report this month, Much Ado About Nothing, which details Smith's "crusade to attempt to undermine and invalidate" Tom Karl's pause-buster study. (Yet Smith still can't get NOAA's name right)!
Although little was said about Karl, Wednesday's House Science Committee hearing with Drs. Michael Mann, John Christy, Judith Curry and Roger Pielke Jr. was a quite a circus. Which is exactly why someone who's been through Smith's nonsense, Dr. David Titley, wrote for the Washington Post that scientists should boycott these biased hearings.
That would be nice, if that meant that Smith would stop holding them. But since they show no sign of slowing their inquisition, someone needs to show up to set the record straight and push back on all the denial packed into the hearing like so many clowns in a tiny car.
And that's exactly what Dr. Mann did, successfully walking the tight-rope between correcting other witnesses and coming off as a jerk. Most notably and most clearly getting under Smith's skin, Mann cited a recent Science Magazine article describing Smith's comments at the Heartland conference. Mann read the killer quote about how Smith "acknowledged that the committee is now a tool to advance their political agenda rather than a forum to examine important issues facing the U.S. research community."
In response, Lamar Smith, the esteemed media critic who cited the Daily Mail's bogus Bates story, who has written for Breitbart and said that people should get their news directly from Trump, claimed that Science Magazine is "not known as an objective magazine." As Emily Atkin of the New Republic aptly put it, "The fact that the chairperson of the House Science committee doesn't consider that source 'objective' is ACTUALLY MIND BLOWING."
Smith, with pie on their face, also demonstrated their media savvy by citing the never-correct editorial page of the Wall Street Journal on heat records. This opinion is about as solid as cotton candy and has been contradicted by the paper's own reporting.
Speaking of dumb Wall Street Journal opinions, Mann also did a nice job of calling out Pielke's hypocrisy for whining in the Journal about being harassed, after sending threatening letters to Mann and Kevin Trenberth's bosses when they criticized their awful FiveThirtyEight piece that needed correction.
Also needing correction was John Christy, who trotted out their error-laden graph of models and observations. Again, Mann highlighted the foolishness of their fellow witnesses by pointing out how others have corrected Christy many times on the satellite record vs. the thermometer record. And more importantly, they cited the recent research that totally debunks Christy's false contention that models overestimate warming.
And then there's Judith Curry who, true to form, was there to talk about uncertainty (inappropriately). Again Mann was prepared, pointing out that uncertainty is actually a reason to take stronger action sooner. Uncertainty cuts both ways: while Curry and the GOP would have you believe maybe warming won't be so bad, it could actually be much worse than we fear.
Curry also bristled at being referred to as a "climate science denier" in Mann's written testimony. That's silly: She's teamed up with the Kochs, questioned the validity of the endangerment finding and said in their opening statement that it's time to "make the debate about climate change great again." So it is safe to say that "Judith Curry is absolutely a climate denier."
And they proved it in the hearing, denying the science and claiming we don't know how much is human versus natural. In 2014, NASA's Gavin Schmidt laid out the case for Curry that our best estimate is that humans are causing 110 percent of warming. (It's more than 100 percent because natural forces and particulate pollution cause cooling, which CO2 is overcoming to cause warming).
Curry also questioned ocean acidification science, in a way that Brian Kahn noted "is way out of step with most ocean scientists" that he's talked with.
Other odds and ends that made an appearance include the 1998 documents showing Big Oil's plan to inject uncertainty into the climate debate, the long-debunked 70s cooling myth and Smith's tired denial of the consensus.
So like any good circus, there were plenty of clowns, people lion, tired grr-causing myths and bear-ly believable statements.
Oh my.
Here's the full hearing:
Irresponsible And Misleading Reefer Madness From The British Lung Foundation
The British Lung Foundation (BLF) has today published ‘The impact of cannabis on your lungs', a report which claims to be “the most comprehensive review of research data yet compiled on the subject”.
In fact, although the report references a great deal of scientific research, the way it presents its conclusions is a dangerously irresponsible mix of conjecture, extremist opinion and scaremongering. In particular, the claim by Dame Helena Shovelton, Chief Executive of the BLF, that cannabis cigarettes are 20 times more dangerous than tobacco cigarettes is cherry picked sensationalism. It comes from a study in 2008 from New Zealand that looked at fewer than 80 lung cancer patients. This preposterous claim was calculated by “logistic regression”.
One of the largest case controlled studies of cannabis smokers ever undertaken was by Dr Donald Tashkin of UCLA in 2006. It looked at more than 2000 subjects. Extraordinarily, although the BLF report references a great deal of Dr Tashkin's work, this, the most significant study of all, is not mentioned.
Dr Tashkin presented their study at the American Thoracic Society International Conference on May 23rd 2006. It showed that even heavy, long-term cannabis users do not appear to be at increased risk of developing lung cancer. Based on their earlier work, much of which is referenced in the BLF report, Tashkin fully expected cannabis to have more serious effects on the lungs than tobacco as cannabis smoke was already known to contain 50% more carcinogen content and up to four times as much tar.
They were surprised to discover that those who smoke cannabis alone develop fewer cancers and less COPD than those who smoke nothing at all and those who smoke cannabis with tobacco do better than those who smoke tobacco alone. They concluded that cannabis provides some protective effect against lung damage and particularly the carcinogenic effects of tobacco smoke.
One possible explanation for the new findings, they said, is that THC, a chemical in cannabis smoke, may encourage aging cells to die earlier (a process known as apoptosis) and therefore be less likely to undergo cancerous transformation.
The most recent study on the subject of cannabis smoking and pulmonary function was published in the Journal of the American Medical Association in January 2012. It looked at more than 5000 subjects over a 20 years period and concluded that exposure to cannabis smoke, even over the long-term, is not associated with adverse effects on pulmonary function.
The BLF report contains a number of other glaring inaccuracies and omissions. It also strays into areas which have nothing to with lungs attempting to stoke up the cannabis and psychosis scare story and citing highly misleading anecdotes and out of context evidence about cardiovascular disease and motor vehicle accidents.
The prejudice and bias which underpins the BLF report culminates in a dismissal of the therapeutic value of cannabis which is based on no scientific evidence at all. Instead, it seeks to adduce as evidence a Court of Appeal hearing from 2005 and an opinion by the British Medical Association which calls for “more research”.
The report calls for more research at nearly every opportunity, a common, self-serving ambition from such institutions. In fact, cannabis is probably the most intensively researched medicinal/recreational substance ever. The evidence for its efficacy as medicine and its safety is now overwhelming. The CLEAR TokePure campaign states that the most dangerous thing about cannabis is smoking it with tobacco. This is a scientific fact which seems to have completely escaped the BLF.
It is clear that this report was written not as a scientific document but as campaigning propaganda. As such it is misleading, inaccurate and dangerously irresponsible.
Britain must stay in the European Union to help “confront the evil” of Isil and stand up to countries like North Korea and Russia, David Cameron has said.
In a speech in Germany, the Prime Minister put national security at the centre of their campaign to keep Britain in the EU and vowed to "unequivocally" campaign for Britain to remain in the bloc if they get a good deal from Brussels.
They invoked Europe's fight against Nazi Germany and said that the continent must take on terrorist groups like Isil and “stand together in this, the struggle of our generation”.
It comes after the Telegraph this week disclosed that Mr Cameron would use the risk of a terror attack in the UK – as well as a warning about migrant camps moving to the UK – to make the case from Britain staying in the EU.
They were attacked by eurosceptic MPs for “scaremongering” and risks being criticised again after using their speech on Friday to make the case for the EU by warning about the “murderous ideology” of Isil as well as North Korea testing nuclear weapons.
Barack Obama will in the coming weeks also make a public appeal to British voters to stay in the EU, warning that it will help to solve the migration crisis and counter Russian aggression.
Mr Cameron said: “In a world where Russia is invading Ukraine and a rogue nation like North Korea is testing nuclear weapons, we need to stand up to this aggression together - and bring our economic might to bear on those who rip up the rulebook and threaten the safety of our people.
“And in a world where people look at the threat of extremism and blame poverty or the foreign policy of the West, we need to say: no, it's about an ideology that is hijacking Islam for its own barbaric purposes and poisoning the minds of our young people.
“And just as Europe has faced down dangerous and murderous ideologies in the past. So again we must stand together in this, the struggle of our generation.”
Mr Cameron is next week expected to finalise their deal with Brussels and announce the date of the in-out referendum.
They on Friday made clear that if they get a good deal they “will unequivocally recommend that Britain stays in a reformed European Union on these new terms”.
However, they are facing criticism from eurosceptic MPs who believe their deal has been watered down.
It came as the EU came a step closer to imposing border controls across the continent, announcing plans to restrict passport-free travel for up to two years to tackle the migrant crisis.
And in a Telegraph article, Wayne Swan, the former Australian Deputy Prime Minister, called for British voters to remain in the EU and warned a “Brexit” would be a “mistake of monumental proportions”.
They wrote: “In my judgement, and in the judgement of the vast majority of my fellow-citizens, Britain leaving the European Union would be a mistake of monumental proportions.”
Mr Swan added: “Australians, like the citizens of all Commonwealth and English-speaking countries, are comforted by the knowledge that the United Kingdom is at the top table. For Britain to absent itself from one of the most important global decision-making forums would be a betrayal of its history and its role in the world.”
Meanwhile, Ross McEwan, the chief executive of Royal Bank of Scotland, told the BBC that Britain's financial sector would be “better off” in the EU.
And in a blow to Mr Cameron, there were claims that a Cabinet minister is set to defy them next week and say that they will campaign for Britain to leave the European Union hours after the deal is done in Brussels.
I have a newborn son. They need to be fed eight times a day. Each session of feeding them takes roughly 30 minutes, 20 if I'm lucky. I am usually not lucky. That's four hours of the day dedicated to sitting in a chair with a bottle, begging the baby to drink faster. A newborn's life is dedicated to sleeping and eating, but you would be shocked at how incompetent they can be when it comes to both those tasks. Here now is brief guide to everything you need to know about feeding a newborn.
Breastfeeding. Bossy lactation consultants and La Leche League Nazis agree that nursing your child is the only way to go. It's natural and it's cheap (provided you don't count the cost of breast pumps and nipple shields and milk bags and nursing bras and other assorted tit-hoisting devices). The problem is that some women have trouble with it. While there are women out there who can readily spurt out a gallon of tit milk every five minutes to feed babies and make into curdled yogurt, not every woman is so keen on the practice. It hurts and it's time-consuming. Worst of all, men can't help. The woman has to get up every three hours while the man stays in bed like a fucking DOG. And that, more often than not, leads to MURDER.
BUYING FORMULA. No breastfeeding means you have to buy formula. When your child is born at the hospital, one of the big formula manufacturers will provide you with a little goody bag that includes 2 oz. bottles of ready-made formula, coupons, and a bunch of other crap. Basically, their goal is to hook your child on THEIR product so that you'll buy it for an entire year. They usually achieve their objective. They're like crack dealers, only crack tastes better.
My kid was in the hospital for a month after being born and thus got hooked on ready-made formula, which is a million times easier to use than powder (seriously, it feels like you're riding in a private jet when you use it, it's so luxurious) but three times more expensive. I've been trying to wean my kid off that shit and back to the powder, but they are a swaggy bro and accepts nothing but the best.
The average big can of formula will run you about $20 to $30 unless you buy in bulk at Costco or someplace like that. But some babies (just kidding, ALL babies) get acid reflux and can't tolerate normal formula, so some of them have to go to soy-based formula or, and this is your worst nightmare, PRESCRIPTION FORMULA. If your kid gets sentenced to prescription formula, you may as well start collecting stray bits of wood to heat your home because you are about to get WALLETFUCKED.
Advertisement
USING FORMULA. So you've got your formula, now you have to carefully take one level, unpacked scoop of the shit and add it to two ounces of water. They sell bottle warmers to help you warm up the formula for your kid, but I use warm tap water because I like to live DANGEROUSLY. In a perfect world, I would use pristine filtered water distilled from a distant lake in Finland, then lovingly mix the formula inside a Hamilton Beach blender in order to ensure consistency. But it's 5 a.m. and there's a baby in my hands that's screaming to the point of bleeding out of its fucking eyes, so that plan goes out the door. The baby will get 2.3 ounces of fluid and a half a jigger of powder, served CHUNKY STYLE.
I do my best to mix the powder completely into the water. I even take care to swirl the formula rather than shake it (air bubbles mean more gas!). But inevitably, I end up with a bottle full of formula that features two or three boulders of wet formula chunks floating around, like matzo balls in soup. It's terrifying. I will sit in my kid's room at 3 a.m., wondering if I fucked up the formula ratios. Did I use four ounces of fluid by accident? Did I add a dash of Crystal Light? Oh, well. YOU WILL SURVIVE, BABY.
Formula, in any incarnation, is fucking repulsive. Tina Fey once wrote that formula smells like, "someone soaked old vitamins in a bucket of wet leaves, then dried them in a hot car." She's not wrong. And it's even grosser when it comes back up out of the baby six seconds later.
Advertisement
SITTING. To feed a kid properly, you need a comfortable chair. Sometimes, I'll try feeding the baby at the dinner table because I don't want to stop eating. I sit down, I hold the baby in one arm, I stick the bottle in their mouth, and I either wrap my hand around and feed them that way, or I pin the bottle to their mouth with either my chin or my boob, and I use the other hand to eat freely. This, shockingly, NEVER goes well. But I think it toughens up a child to have hot chicken and dumplings falling on them.
Anyway, you're supposed to sit in a recliner or a glider or a rocker. We have a glider in our house. We've used it with three kids and it has so much old dried barf on it that I think we managed to invent a new color on the Pantone chart. The most comfortable way to sit with a baby and feed it is to hold it in the crook of your arm. The problem is this causes the baby to fall asleep, which is annoying because the baby will fall asleep during the feeding but never AFTER it's over. After the feeding's over, it's always like OH HAI LET'S PLAY DICE.
One way to keep the baby awake during a feeding is to hold it facing you, with its head in the palm of your hand. Like you're holding Yorick's skull. This is a bit more effective, but I cannot stress enough that babies have big, massive, heavy-as-shit heads. Baby heads are like medicine balls. After five minutes of feeding a child this way, your biceps will tear and you will die from the resulting outpour of lactic acid into your bloodstream.
Advertisement
FEEDING. The first thing is to get the nipple into the kid's mouth, which is surprisingly hard because babies have tongues and they don't know what to do with them. So that tongue is lounging around all over the place and you have to spend five minutes wiggling the nipple around until it's finally in the right place. Sometimes, you have to gently pull the nipple out so that they suck harder. And yes, it is an uncomfortable reminder of oral sex! Especially when the formula leaks down the side! WHEE!
Sometimes, my kid will just stop eating and I have to sit there, praying he'll wake up and continue. I'll tickle their feet. I'll rub the underside of their chin (a trick nurses do). I'll flash a strobe light in their eyes. Then I'll pull out the bottle to see how much formula he's consumed. The rough thing about babies is that they always seem to drink more than they've actually taken in. You can sit there for twenty minutes with the baby sucking constantly, think he's downed the whole bottle, then pull it away only to realize he's not even close. Such a defeating moment.
BURPING. Just because the bottle's empty doesn't mean you've seen the last of the formula. Babies have to be burped in the middle of feeding, or else all the gas will build up inside them and they'll barf all over you right at the end of the feeding, forcing you to either start from scratch or toss the baby out the window.
Advertisement
There are several different ways to burp a baby, and none of them are guaranteed to work. You can hold it against you and rub its back. You can pat its back, which often turns into a full-fledged karate chop if you get impatient enough. You can rub the baby's tummy. You can even hold it over your knee and pat its back that way, which looks like you're punishing it but is perfectly innocent and caring. Either way, that baby can get real stingy with the burps. I've sat there for AGES trying to get my baby to belch, massaging its intestines like I'm trying to save it from choking on a biscuit. Come on, motherfucker, BURP! Burp, curse you! And it won't cooperate. Sometimes it'll exhale real loud and I'll be like THAT COUNTS! Then I'll go back to feeding it and it'll spew immediately thereafter. One time, the baby was done eating but wouldn't burp and I was like OKAY GOOD NIGHT! Then I tossed them in the crib and got the hell out of there.
SPEWING. Even if they burp, or when they burp, babies spit up all the time. And the demarcation between "spitting up" and "barfing like you're outside The Bear Bar at 3 a.m." is so blurry that some doctors can't even agree on it. One time, I finished feeding my first kid, held them up while laughing, and they barfed directly into my mouth. BABIES DON'T GIVE A FUCK. The important thing is to have a bib or a burp cloth tucked under the baby's chin, so that the barf doesn't get on their clothes and force you to change them into a new outfit, which takes forever. One time, my kid spat up and I was like OH NO YOU DON'T and I threw that burp cloth right in the kid's face, and the barf smeared all over their nose and cheeks and stuff. Total dick move, but it worked! The outfit was saved. My kid won't remember any of it.
Sometimes, my kid will burp and it totally looks like a barf is coming. They totally make the spew face, even sticks their tongue out. But then, the belch will ring out and no barf will follow. That's always a dramatic moment. Like when bomb gets defused at the end of a movie. Real tension there.
Advertisement
For all the time I spend anticipating it, I never cease to be caught by surprise when a baby actually does barf all over the place. They barf all the time, and yet I still fall for it when I'm rocking with them peacefully and waiting for them to shut their eyes and then WHOA HEY HOLY SHIT HE'S BARFING PEOPLE.
THE MID-FEEDING DUMP. Most babies piss and shit while eating, which I totally want to do as an adult. Anyway, this complicates the feeding because you sometimes have to change them if they become uncomfortable. And they don't just shit ONCE. They'll lay down a little poopy here, a bucketful of tikka masala there. They're not sitting on a toilet, so it's not a session for them. They are free-form shitters. And you have to change them but that means they're lying flat which causes them to have reflux and then BRAAAGHHHHHHHH here comes the Chunky Soup.
SCHEDULING. Ideally, a newborn eats a full feeding every three hours on the dot and then gradually takes in more fluid at fewer feedings so you don't have to get up at night. That's the plan. But sometimes, they don't take a full feeding. Or sometimes, you think they need more formula, you make more, and then they take two sips and tell you to piss off. Sometimes they start crying an hour after the last feeding and you're like, "Is they hungry? Are they poopy? Maybe he's dying." Babies don't give a shit about your precious schedule. They want what they want when they want it. And if they have to cry and shit and barf all over you to get it, they will. Babies have no fear, especially when you've got a bottle in your hands.
Advertisement
Image by Jim Cooke
Gunfire, involving live ammunition, will erupt Saturday near the White House and the Vice President's residence in a test by the Secret Service.
The agency said it will run a “live fire” calibration of a system that makes it possible to determine exactly when and where shots are fired near the two high-security sites.
In the tests, which will run into early Sunday, shots will be fired into a “bullet trap,” an installation designed to prevent them from going astray. The trap has been tested and validated, according to the agency.
Shooting will be in three-shot increments, the Secret Service said.
From the description, it appears that the system will be similar to shot-spotter technology in use by the D.C. police.
It was not clear exactly where the shooting will occur. However, the agency said all streets bounding the Ellipse will be shut down during the test. These are E Street and Constitution Avenue to the north and south, and 15th and 17th Streets to the east and west. Part of Observatory Circle, near the Vice President's residence will also close.
It was not known when on Saturday the shooting was to start.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
March 4, 2017, 6:31 PM GMT / Updated March 4, 2017, 6:31 PM GMT By Phil McCausland
It appeared to be a classically braggadocios claim from President Donald Trump: The new administration's budget for 2018 would add $54 billion to the defense budget, “one of the largest increases in national defense spending in American history," the president claimed in their first address to both chambers of Congress.
But the numbers — as well as the history — don't quite add up, experts say.
“It's an Obama-esque budget with a Trump-sized sales pitch,” Paul Scharre, senior fellow and director of the Future of Warfare Initiative at the Center for a New American Security and Iraq War veteran, told NBC News.
Mark Cancian, senior adviser to the CSIS International Security Program and a former division chief at the Office of Management and Budget, said “it took about half a day to figure out where the $54 billion came from. After half a day, it became clear that they were measuring from the budget control caps, so it's really an increase from a decrease.”
President Barack Obama signed the Budget Control Act in 2011, which capped federal spending until 2021. The legislation is a result of a compromise between Democrats and Republicans, and says that defense programs can't grow without comparable investment in domestic social programs.
Proponents say these caps have become a significant impediment to expand military spending and have brought down defense expenditures in recent years. Opponents say the caps have led to dangerous personnel and equipment shortfalls and are asking Congress to repeal the limits on defense spending.
"So the increase is not as large as people were expecting," Cancian added. “Obama had proposed an increasing of something like $35 billion above the caps, and Trump is proposing another $18 (billion) or so."
In the budget plan shared by the White House, the Trump administration attempted to sell their proposal as a 10 percent increase for fiscal year 2018. The administration said it would pay for the increase by making large cuts to the State Department and Environmental Protection Agency.
On Monday, 120 three- and four-star generals and flag officers stated their concern about cuts to the State Department and Foreign Affairs Budget.
Related: Trump Budget Plan Boosts Defense Over Safety Net, Diplomacy
“As Secretary James Mattis said while Commander of U.S. Central Command, ‘If you don't fully fund the State Department, then I need to buy more ammunition',” they wrote. “The military will lead the fight against terrorism on the battlefield, but it needs strong civilian partners in the battle against the drivers of extremism — lack of opportunity, insecurity, injustice and hopelessness.”
Retired Gen. George Casey, who signed the letter and served as Army Chief of Staff from 2007 to 2011, was at Capitol Hill the day Mattis made that statement.
Mattis and Casey, who also led all coalition forces in Iraq from 2004 to 2007, spoke to a group of U.S. senators after a recent cut to defense funding.
"I started my comments to the senators by saying that it might seem like a bit of an anomaly to have a military guy here arguing for the State Department budget after the military budget just took a big cut, but that's how important it is," Casey said.
"It's an essential part of cementing the success of the security operations," they added.
The $54 billion defense increase the Trump administration is budgeting for is also slightly misleading, according to University of Denver Finance Professor Andy Sherbo, who previously served as the CFO of the Pacific Air Forces.
“They're trying to sell it as a 10 percent increase, but it's not,” said Sherbo.
The $603 billion Trump proposed for fiscal year 2018 in the budget is for “Defense-Related Spending,” which is not just for the Defense Department. This spending category is comprised of the Pentagon, as well as all other federal agencies, including the Department of Energy's oversight of the country's nuclear arsenal.
The Obama administration's defense budget for 2018 would be bumped to $584.7 billion if “Defense-Related Spending” were taken into account, according to the United States Naval Institute.
Sherbo said this shrinks the difference between Trump and Obama's budget to $18.3 billion, or 3.1 percent — a paltry sum to defense hawks.
Senate Armed Services Chairman John McCain, R-Arizona, who called for a 2018 defense budget of $640 billion that would increase to $800 billion by 2022, noted as much in a statement.
“In other words,” McCain said, “President Trump intends to submit a defense budget that is a mere 3 percent above President Obama's defense budget, which has left our military underfunded, undersized, and unready to confront threats to our national security.”
Texas Congressman Mac Thornberry, the Republican chair of the House Armed Services Committee, agreed with McCain, adding another wrinkle to the Trump administration's budget proposal.
Scharre also agreed. “They're not going to have enough money to grow the force to the size they want and modernize in the way the Pentagon needs to,” they added.
Related: Trump Wants to Make U.S. Nuclear Arsenal ‘Top of the Pack'
Trump said that their plan to expand the military would grow the current fleet to 350 ships, train tens of thousands of new soldiers and Marines and significantly increase the number of combat aircraft. Experts doubt that $18 billion will get the military there.
The Pentagon's newest class of aircraft carrier, released in 2016, cost $12.9 billion alone.
"This won't get them close to their goal,” Sherbo said. “Maybe their thought process is that the Pentagon will be able to cut procurement costs.”
“But the 3.1 percent is not a noticeable increase,” they added.
According to Scharre, it is possible to use the current budget to shape the armed forces to reflect Trump's plan. It would, however, require political capital.
“If you're willing to take cuts in politically fraught areas — increase Tricare [military health insurance] fees for retirees, close unnecessary military bases — then you can probably afford the military we need within this budget,” Scharre said.
Despite some military leaders' issues with Trump's budget proposals — the cuts to the State Department and the disappointment in the defense increase — Cancian said that it's still early to draw too many conclusions.
The Trump administration is set to release its "skinny budget" and five-year defense plan, they said, which will provide greater detail.
But Casey has a greater concern: the politicization of the defense and foreign aid budgets.
"It's my gut feeling that the people this administration is catering to believe we shouldn't give any foreign aid — they think the foreign aid budget is 20 percent of the budget," they said noting that it's less than 1 percent. "I just hope they're not playing to that base and focus on accomplishing our diplomatic missions abroad."
President Barack Obama makes their debut on comedian Zach Galifianakis' web-based talk show "Between Two Ferns" Tuesday.
White House aides told the New York Times the president is appearing on the show to encourage young people to enroll in Obamacare through Healthcare.gov.
Obama cracked several jokes throughout the video, telling Galifianakis running for president a third time would be like making a third "Hangover" movie -- which Galifianakis did in 2013.
"Didn't really work out very well, did it?" Obama said.
The president did promote Obamacare, saying "I think it's fair to say that I wouldn't be with you here today if I didn't have something to plug." But Galifianakis asked Obama about other topics, including building their presidential library "in your home country of Kenya" and what it would be like when no one would let them win at basketball anymore.
Though Obama has appeared on several talk shows and hosted Google Hangouts that appeared across entertainment networks, "Between Two Ferns" is new territory for the president. The shows host has gained a reputation for off-color humor on the show, even spanking singer Justin Bieber in one episode.
Dan Pfeiffer, Obama's senior adviser, told the Times the appearance is part of the president's constantly evolving communications strategy.
“We have to find ways to break through,” said Pfeiffer. “This is essentially an extension of the code we have been trying to crack for seven years now.”
Watch the interview above.
So-called "whole-home" audio systems that allow users to rock out to their music in multiple rooms via remote controllers have, so far, not quite caught on with the public. While a variety of options have existed for some time between the high end, like Sonos, and the low end, like the Roku SoundBridge or even Apple's AirPort Express, a new study claims that 2009 may be the year that whole-home systems get their groove on.
Forrester's study, called "How Whole-Home Audio Products Can Find Their Rhythm," argues that two primary barriers to entry for these systems are finally at their tipping points now: networked homes and DRM. According to the report, 28 percent of US homes are now networked properly to provide the bandwidth required to push audio all over the house. Further, Apple's announcement in January that it is finally removing all DRM technology from iTunes Store music purchases means that the most popular music store in the US is finally selling the same clean music as its many competitors. Compiled alongside other factors in a new "Convenience Quotient" methodology, Forrester believes networked homes and the freedom provided by music DRM's demise allows manufacturers to shift their battle to the most important factor for new product adoption: convenience.
From a survey of 4,464 online adults in the second quarter 2008, Forrester's research reveals that the majority of consumers have stuck with "no-tech" solutions like cranking up a stereo's volume in one room to hear it in another or carrying CDs and iPods back and forth. Only seven percent have gone "low-tech" by running speaker wires from one room to another, with another six percent who own stereos with MP3 player docks. Less than four percent use some kind of "high-tech" wireless speaker system (such as an AirPort Express), with just two percent going all-out with a high-end whole-home system like Sonos.
In 2009, though, Forrester thinks the high-tech numbers that involve wireless, whole-home audio systems could see a significant jump. Converging factors like DRM-free stores (and the ability to upgrade old libraries), more affordable competition, easier universal controllers from more manufacturers (and even iPhone apps), and unfettered access to one's entire music library could finally spur growth. Forrester singles out systems like Logitech's Squeezebox line for their reasonable $200-400 price range and rich set of features like Internet radio station support and wireless remotes. The report also touts the high-quality experience and broad feature set of Sonos' system, but notes that consumers are not likely to consider it an option due to an extremely high cost barrier that begins at $999.
Ultimately, Forrester predicts competition to begin heating up this year in the whole-home audio market due to the tumbling of asupervisorstioned barriers and a renewed manufacturer focus on greater convenience.
1980 – Thirty Years ago – Romania's Communist Christmas
Social, Economic and Political Background:
During such an epic leadership of the scholarly personage, which was embodied by Elena Ceausescu – the Woman Creator-Symbol, beside their husband-hero Nicolae Ceausescu, there was no question of any other Romanian woman being allowed any creative exercise, except in reproductive terms.
As if such inhumane policies were not enough Romanians under Ceausescu suffered the constant threat of being evicted from their homes, in the drive of modernising the country, with scores of city centres being razed to the ground, and the historic architecture vanishing with it,
in order to make room for prefabricated Stalinist-style blocs of flats. People were given 72 hours to clear their belongings and move into modern chicken coops: they abandoned their furniture and pets in the streets (hence the errand dogs of Bucharest, that have become proverbial).
To add to this unseeming social nightmare, intended to cower the people into utter submission, and steal their memory and their pride, during the early 1980's, Ceausescu decided that all foreign debt, incurred over an unreasonable industrialisation, should be repaid, for which most agricultural products were exported; Romanians were left without basic foodstuff and miles-long queues were formed in front of state-owned co-ops, lining for hours on end, in the hope that something to eat would be provided: there was no meat, no fish, no eggs, no vegetables –only some rotten potatoes, occasionally, not fit to feed the pigs and on a good day one may find some chicken claws, with which one could make some broth with (q.v. Eugenia Velescu):
Potatoes: “I got up early, at the crack of dawn, to secure a place, by 6 AM, in an interminable queue, in the hope of buying milk and eggs for our silver wedding anniversary, but I came home empty handed. That afternoon I went again on an errand to see if I could buy anything for our dinner at our local marketplace. This was an open air market where peasants with a tiny plot of land could bring their vegetables. These were a luxury as they were so expensive, so I thought I had a better chance of finding something. The stalls made of wooden planks on struts were absolutely empty and in the fine rain they looked desolate and dirty. I scanned the stalls, as the last peasants were about to leave, for their villages, outside Bucharest. It was winter time and dark was falling early in the day. As I was about to give up, looking down, carefully to avoid the potholes full of rain water, I just noticed a few potatoes which fell on the ground, under the stall, so I asked the peasant if I could pick them up. As I knelt on the ground, with difficulty, at my old age, because of my arthritis, I put them in my plastic bag and asked how much they wanted. They did not want to receive any money, in deference to my old age. I must have looked pityfull and exhausted. I hurried home with just an empty bag with three potatoes covered in mud. As I entered our block of flats I met this young neighbor of mine, who exclaimed in surprise: madame, they said, ‘where have you found these potatoes, because I looked the whole day and found none… and I have a young baby at home who has nothing to eat. I am desperate.' So, I handed over to them the three potatoes, which were visible through the plastic bag and came home with nothing: but was glad to have done a good deed.” (Jenny, personal communication, 1981)
The whole despair of hunger is summed up in an open letter sent by the women of Romania to Elena Ceausescu, in 1980 (q.v. Hunger, Potatoes), which was published in the West.
Hunger (Open letter to Elena Ceausescu): “Mrs. Ceausesscu, We are a group of Romanian women from across twelve different Counties of this very Land that you and your husband, aided by your family, are leading, with these smiling, well-groomed faces – judging at least from your ubiquitous portraits displayed everywhere, in offices, factories, and streets – whilst the population suffers from malnutrition, being deprived of basic foodstuff. You allowed yourself to say on TV that Romanians are fat and that they eat too much. As if the lack of food would make one fat! Indeed, it may be that the very lack of food that makes one fat as we are without even the most basic foodstuff such as potatoes, onions, dry beans, not mentioning green vegetables.” (……………………………………………………………………………….) “Since 1980 one could scarcely find anywhere any potatoes on sale in the state-owned shops and if, by chance, one finds any one could hardly eat three or four good potatoes out of four kilograms, as the rest are unedible, being so bitter.” (……………………………………………………………………………) “Where is our agricultural produce, dear “First Lady of the country”? We would dearly love to know it, from yourself, in your capacity of communist woman, wife and mother, where is our foodstuff? Where on earth could one find cheese, margerine, butter, cooking oil, the meat which one needs to feed the folk of this country? By now, you should know, Mrs. Ceausescu, that after so many exhausting hours of travail in factories and on building sites we are still expected to rush about like mad, hours on end, in search of food to give our husbands, children and grandchildren something to eat. You should know that we may find nothing to buy in the state-owned food shops, sometimes for days or weeks on end. And finally if one is lucky to find something, as we must stand in endless queues, which in the end would put paid to all desire to eat and even to be alive! Sometimes we would even feel like dying, not being able to face the suffering, the utter misery and injustice that is perpetrated on this country.” {Translated from French, text quoted in the special Issue nr. 20, Summer of 1981 under the title ‘Roumanie, Crise et Repression, 1977 – 1980'', in the Periodical ‘L'Alternative – pour les Droits et les L ibertés Démocratiques en Europe de l'Est', pp. 97, Paris, 1982)
The Romanians known for their defiant spirit which allows them to laugh during grief, as a means of ultimate catharsis (a face haz de necaz) could at least show a bitter smile, when hearing the Romanian gypsy children performing the parody of a Christmas Carol, in 1980, nine years before the tyrant and their wife were put down, on Christmas Day:
CHRISTMAS CAROL (A Parody sung by Romanian Gypsy children)
Father Christmas we do beg Bring us butter, bring us egg. If you ever come on foot Bring some cabbage, or beetroot If your bag is large enough Add some maize and garlic cloves. Christmas Father don't miss either The potatoes and the flour. Should you come, though, in a sleigh Don't forget for the New Year Toilet paper that's so sparse, To wipe at least our arse.”
(Translated by Constantin Roman, from the French version published in the magazine “L'Alternative” (Paris), supplement 20, 1981, pp. 96)
There could be deadly consequences if you don't keep an eye on your stash.
We know. We've been there. Your fresh stash is reduced to one last roach. What do you do? Desperate times call for desperately searching for that one dry gram you've got somewhere in your underwear drawer. But before you go hunting, you should definitely give it a second thought. That's because there's one thing you probably haven't considered: mold. It's all around us—not just on our food, our drains, and our pipes, but even on our plants.
Doctors at UC Davis recently discovered five cancer patients suffering from a rare fungal infection that was traced back to a bad batch of medical marijuana—and one of the patients ended up dying as a result. As you can see, the consequences can be deadly. Check out the video above not only to understand the dangers of moldy marijuana, but for ways to keep your stash safe.
With stagnant wages and rising inequality already emerging as key issues in the 2016 Presidential race, there is, naturally, a lot of interest in how voters view the prospect of the federal government adopting more redistributive policies, such as raising taxes on the wealthy. Intuition and rational-choice theory would suggest that, as the gap between the wealthy and everybody else increases, support for redistribution goes up. But a number of empirical studies published in recent years have cast doubt on this theory, finding that support for redistribution has remained flat, or even that it has fallen.
For instance, a 2010 study by Nathan J. Kelly, of the University of Tennessee, and Peter K. Enns, of Cornell University, concluded, “When inequality in America rises, the public responds with increased conservative sentiment.” In a 2013 paper by Matthew Luttig, of the University of Minnesota, backed up this finding, noting, “the absolute level and the changing structure of inequality have largely been a force promoting conservatism, not increasing support for redistribution as theoretically expected.”
In the Times on Wednesday, Thomas Edsall argued, “Redistribution is in trouble, and that is likely to tie America in knots for years to come.” The Economist's Free Exchange column this week said that “politicians betting on their Robin Hood credentials” should be wary of voters, particularly older ones, because they “may be more inclined to back the Sheriff of Nottingham.” On Friday, the Times published another piece, by Neil Irwin, that was headlined “Why Americans Don't Want to Soak the Rich.”
On the face of it, these warnings seem justified. In addition to citing some recent academic studies, Edsall points to data from Gallup showing that, between 2006 and 2014, support for the proposition that the federal government should guarantee health-care coverage to all U.S. citizens has fallen from sixty-nine per cent to forty-five per cent. The Economist article cites a more recent study by three economists—Ilyana Kuziemko, of Princeton, and Vivekinan Ashok and Ebonya Washington, both of Yale—which says that declining support for redistributive policies is largely due to a shift in sentiment among the elderly. In the nineteen-seventies and eighties, people aged sixty-five and over were more favorably disposed to redistributive policies than the rest of the population. Today, they are less supportive than other age groups.
If that were all there is to say, it would be worrying news indeed for those, myself included, who support using the tax code and other policies to offset some of the alarming rise in inequality. Fortunately, it's not the entire story. Although the survey data mentioned above shouldn't be dismissed, it needs to be placed in the context of other findings suggesting that Americans have a favorable attitude to redistribution, particularly when it is couched in terms of taking from the rich rather than giving to the poor.
Last year, for example, Gallup asked a random sample of people for their views on “the way income and wealth are distributed in the U.S.” Almost seventy per cent of the respondents said that they were “very dissatisfied” or “somewhat dissatisfied” with the status quo. Fewer than one in three respondents said that they were “very satisfied” or “somewhat satisfied.”
O.K., you might say, but that was just a snapshot, and the survey didn't ask about redistributive policies. What does Gallup have to say about how attitudes toward redistribution have changed over time? Quite a lot, it turns out. For the past thirty years, the polling firm has been posing two questions that specifically concern this topic.
The first question is “Do you feel that the distribution of money and wealth in this country is fair, or do you feel that money and wealth should be more evenly distributed among a larger percentage of people?” Since 1985, a majority of people have said that income and wealth should be more evenly distributed. The numbers have fluctuated quite a bit over the years. In the most recent survey, from 2013, fifty-nine per cent of respondents favored redistribution—a similar proportion to the first survey, thirty years ago, which found sixty per cent in favor. Yet the 2013 number represents a recent drop in support: in 2008, sixty-eight per cent of respondents said they favored redistribution. That might provide more support for Edsall's suggestion that the Obama Administration's policies, particularly the Affordable Care Act, have produced a backlash among some voters. Or it might confirm the theory, supported by a number of recent studies, that these days, in contrast to the nineteen-thirties, economic recessions tend to erode support for any form of government activism.
The other Gallup question is more pointed: “Do you think our government should or should not redistribute wealth by heavy taxes on the rich?” In 1985, forty-five per cent of respondents chose the option “Yes, should,” and fifty-one per cent chose “No, should not.” By 2008, the numbers had flipped, and a majority had emerged favoring heavy taxes the rich: fifty-one per cent of respondents chose “Yes, should,” and forty-three per cent chose “No, should not.” Did this more liberal attitude survive the Great Recession and its aftermath? Yes, it did. In 2013, the last time Gallup asked the question, fifty-two per cent of respondents chose the “Yes, should” option. “At this point, the American public would generally agree with Obama that wealth should ideally be more evenly distributed—and a modest majority, consisting mainly of Democrats and independents, appears to support the idea of bringing about that redistribution through heavier taxes on the rich,” Frank Newport, Gallup's editor-in-chief, noted.
Other survey data confirm Gallup's findings. Last year, for example, the Pew Research Center found that sixty-five per cent of Americans believe the gap between rich and poor has increased during the past decade. Even more striking, sixty-nine per cent of respondents, including forty-five per cent of Republicans, said that the government should do “a lot/some” to reduce the income gap. Just twenty-six per cent of respondents said that the government should do “not much/nothing.”
In addition to considering these findings, it is worth parsing the numbers in some of the recent academic studies. The paper by Kelly and Enns as well as the one by Luttig both use a sophisticated statistical model derived from economics (an error-correction model, if you must know) that can be difficult to interpret. The new paper by Ashok, Kuziemko, and Washington looks directly at data from the General Social Survey, which is conducted by the University of Chicago's National Opinion Research Center and has been carried out every year since 1972.
Although the fitted trend line the authors present appears to show that the level of support for the proposition “The government ought to reduce the income differences between rich and poor” slopes slightly downward, the researchers acknowledge that they can't statistically reject the hypothesis that it is actually flat—i.e., that support for redistribution hasn't declined. Indeed, there is even a suggestion in the data that, since 2008, support might have increased a bit.
The researchers say that it's too early to tell whether their findings reflect a sustainable trend, which is fair. Interestingly, though, the General Social Survey also asks people what they believe the government's spending priorities should be. In recent years, “assistance to the poor” has been moving up the list. In 1996, it was ranked tenth, behind things like health care, the environment, and Social Security. But in the 2010 and 2012 surveys it moved up to second place, trailing only education—a finding that appears to contradict the idea that the electorate is getting more conservative.
Another important consideration in looking at attitudes toward inequality is whether voters adopt more liberal policy positions as they learn more about the issue. In an article collected in a 2013 book about political representation, the political scientists Jacob Hacker, of Yale University, and Paul Pierson, of the University of California, Berkeley, point to evidence from the American National Election Studies project, a long-running survey, that suggests having more information does change people's attitudes. For many years, the survey has asked people whether it is the government's responsibility to reduce the income gap between rich and poor. Typically, the positive responses were low—only about twenty-five per cent. In 2007, the survey changed the wording of the question, to detail how much money people at the top and bottom of the income distribution actually earned. “This time, 57 percent favored reducing income inequality,” Hacker and Pierson write.
In a 2013 paper, four economists—Kuziemko; Michael Norton, of the Harvard Business School; Emmanuel Saez, of Berkeley; and Stefanie Stantcheva, of Harvard—reported some less supportive evidence. Using Amazon.com's Mechanical Turk platform, which pays people to take part in surveys, the economists presented their subjects with some pertinent information about inequality, such as how much money the rich make compared with the middle class, and the fact that average family incomes have grown more slowly during periods when the top tax rate was low. Then they asked the subjects some policy questions. Perhaps surprisingly, the researchers found that supplying information didn't increase support for redistribution to the poor. Support for taxing the rich did go up, but not by very much. “Of course, a single paper can only say so much,” Kuziemko wrote in an e-mail. “But I do think our results cast some doubt on the argument that if only Americans knew about the high levels of inequality, they would surely demand more redistribution.”
That sounds like a reasonable conclusion. However, it isn't the only significant finding from the experiment. When the researchers presented to their subjects a slide showing that the estate tax currently affects only about 0.1 per cent of estates—the very richest ones—they found that this knowledge “has an extremely large positive effect on estate tax support, even increasing respondents' willingness to write to their U.S. senator about the issue.” Since changing the way estates are taxed—by, for instance, eliminating the “step-up in basis” loophole—seems likely to be part of the Democratic platform in 2016, this result has immediate political implications. And, more generally, it suggests that giving people more information about specific inequities and policy proposals, as opposed to citing over-all statistics about inequality, can have a big impact on voters' attitudes.
So what's the takeaway from all of this? It is important to acknowledge that rising inequality doesn't, by itself, generate a surge in support for redistributive policies. It's also a concern that the passage and implementation of the Affordable Care Act appears to have undermined support for guaranteed health-care coverage—although it's not absolutely clear to me whether this finding reflects a shift against the redistributive subsidies that are part of the act, or a lack of enthusiasm for the reform in general. (Polling data from the Pew Research Center, the Kaiser Foundation, and other organizations suggest that the public has been cool on the A.C.A. since before it was passed, in 2010.) But taking all of the evidence together, my take is that a progressive policy agenda, if carefully presented, can still win popular support.
To be sure, it isn't enough to simply point to the rise in inequality and expect an outpouring of mass support for any and all liberal policies. The argument for each proposal has to be made on its own terms, and Americans still show little enthusiasm for anything that smacks of welfare. Would-be reformers also need to avoid alienating seniors, whose declining support for redistributive measures probably reflects a fear that such policies would come at their expense, in the form of cuts to Social Security and Medicare. Still, the polling data shows that a healthy majority of Americans believe that income and wealth should be more evenly distributed, and that a smaller, but steady, majority believe that the current situation justifies heavier taxes on the rich. That surely gives the Democrats something to work with.
It all comes down to individual policies. In the cases of the estate tax, the “carried interest” deduction enjoyed by hedge-fund managers and private equity, and other loopholes that benefit the very wealthy, would-be reformers can appeal to the voters' sense of fair play, which remains undiminished. In seeking to expand support for working families—for example, by expanding the earned-income tax credit—progressives can appeal to the widespread sympathy for the working poor. When presented in general or ideological terms, redistribution has always been a tough sell. But when the debate gets down to specific proposals, redistributive arguments can still win out.
Coinbase Helps FBI Shut Down KickAssTorrents
On July 20, U.S. government officials seized the website KickAssTorrents (KAT) and arrested the alleged founder of the site, Artem Vaulin. The site facilitated pirated seeding and downloading of copyrighted material through various BitTorrent platforms.
Also read:Android Users Can Now Use Breadwallet
KickAssTorrents Seized, Probably Won't Come Back
The KAT website was created in 2009 and was one of the most popular torrenting domains similar to the infamous PirateBay. U.S. authorities had help from Homeland Security, Facebook, Linkedin, and the Bitcoin exchange Coinbase with taking down the torrent website.
The founder of KAT appears to be a Ukrainian native who ran most of the operations with a few other people mentioned. The founder was arrested in Poland, as law enforcement and copyright advocacy groups have been on their trail for many years. The WHOIS online domain records pointed to Vaulin as the owner officials state in the criminal complaint which says:
A review of historical Whois information for KAT […] identified that it was registered on or about January 19, 2009, to Artem Vaulin with an address located in Kharkiv, Ukraine.
Facebook and Apple helped with the investigation as well showing Vaulin and others logged onto social media to promote the site regularly. Facebook handed over IP-address logs which was the same IP address used in iTunes transactions.
“Records provided by Apple showed that tirm@me.com conducted an iTunes transaction using IP Address 109.86.226.203 on or about July 31, 2015. The same IP Address was used on the same day to login into the KAT Facebook Account,” the affidavit reveals.
Interestingly enough the agent reporting the information on KAT's transactions is also a person who testified in the Ross Ulbricht case.
Bitcoin Exchange Helps Feds
An interesting part of the story, which may concern Bitcoin supporters, is the fact that the San Francisco-based exchange Coinbase helped federal agents. In 2012, KAT started accepting Bitcoin donations, and U.S. officials say records received from Coinbase revealed the Bitcoin donation address was maintained by the exchanges services. The Coinbase account was registered to Artem Vaulin located in Kharkiv, Ukraine. The affidavit reports that $72,767 USD in bitcoin had entered the owner's donation wallet.
KAT was one of the most popular torrent sites held on the internet receiving millions of users per day. Copyright advocates and law enforcement imposed ISP blockades numerous times over the years but weren't able to take the site down until this week. It seems the substantial evidence against Vaulin will be enough to prosecute them and keep the site from coming back. While it's unlikely that common users will be targeted, it is still possible that the surmounting evidence collected could be used against some of them.
Copyright holders who sought to shut down the site and arrest Vaulin include the MPAA, RIAA, and the ESA. Complaints say that much music album links were held on the site and torrents for movies such as Deadpool, Captain America, the Hangover, and more. Crackdowns like this have become more prevalent over the years as KAT joins the likes of the PirateBay, which has been shut down many times. Nevertheless, the PirateBay is fully functional at the moment, which is a testament to the decentralized technology's “BitTorrent effect” or resistance to shut down.
What do you think about KickAssTorrents being taken down and Coinbase helping investigators? Let us know in the comments below!
Images courtesy of KickAssTorrents, Pixabay
Last summer, I would often tell my Twitter followers to disregard much of what the @News1130Sports Twitter feed put out there. It was inconsistent, and occasionally misinformed and misleading. But it has undergone some sort of massive revamp and has become – easily – the most up to date source for breaking Canucks news over the past month.
The 1130 feed was the first out of the gate reporting the qualifying offers to Schneider, Lack and Weise several days ago, then broke the "Jensen to play in Sweden" news late last week, and today has been nailing it on unqualified restricted free-agents, and on which of Vancouver's pending Unrestricted Free Agents are likely to hit the open market in five days time. Kudos to them for their good work, they're are absolutely crushing it of late and are a must follow.
Today they gave us another round of breaking news regarding the status of Aaron Rome, Andrew Ebbett and Victor Oreskovich. Later in the day Ben Kuzma broke the news regarding the status of Ryan Parent, Marc-Andre Gragnani and Mike Duco, none of whom will return to the team.
We now have a pretty clear picture of whom the Canucks will retain this summer, and who will be on their way out of the door. Let's spend a moment on each, discuss their Vancouver tenure, and touch on how easy or difficult they'll be to replace.
Click "Read More" to do just that.
Victor Oreskovich
If you'll recall, Victor Oreskovich was touted as "more than just a throw in" in the Grabner/Ballard draft day swap in 2010. They ultimately became something of a mainstay on Vancouver's fourth-line during the teams run to the cup finals in 2010-11. Then last summer, they held out for more money, and a two year, one-way deal – despite having no leverage. The Canucks played hardball, got them into camp on a one year, two-way deal that paid them 625k, and they ultimately only played six minutes and change this past season.
In that six minutes, Oreskovich managed to take a minor penalty, and a fighting major, while the Canucks were outshot 1 to 7 by the Avalanche. Four of those seven Avalanche shots were high quality scoring chances… Ouch.
It was clear when the team chose to start the regular season with Aaron Volpatti on the fourth line, and picked up Dale Weise on waivers that Oreskovich had fallen out of favour. Their performance in their one call up stint with the big club, obviously, did nothing to change that. That the team has decided not to qualify the 6,3 219 pound grinder comes as not surprise.
Oreskovich occasionally met the eye-test, but by the underlying metrics they were a liability at both ends. As a right-winger, they make significantly less sense for this team than a safe-minutes option like Dale Weise, and will be exceedingly easy to replace on the open market this offseason.
Oreskovich has a good story – they were nearly out of hockey and was working at a Foot Locker before their comeback season with the Panthers, and their appearance in the Stanley Cup Finals with Vancouver. It didn't work out for them with the Canucks, but hopefully they get another shot on a try-out deal somewhere this summer. He's got the strength and speed to contribute in limited minutes in the NHL, they just never quite put it all together on Vancouver's fourth forward line.
Andrew Ebbett
This one hurts a bit, because Ebbett was an extremely effective option for the team in that "Jeff Tambellini" top-six depth role. Ebbett was basically even by the quality chance data, kept their head above water in relatively difficult minutes by the possession numbers, and flashed some hands – contributing five goals (several of them off of really nice tips) in eighteen games with the team.
It's a curious decision by the team not to return Andrew Ebbett, and I almost wonder if Ebbett was good enough in limited time that they "priced himself" out of the Canucks range. Jeff Tambellini made 500k in the 2010-11 season, while Ebbett made 525k in 2011-12. Based on their performance, they may have been due a slight raise, and the Canucks are confident they can fill their slot for the minimum.
There are some tantalizing options out there in terms of a guy with roughly replacement level top-six skill, who can also slot in on the fourth line and maybe center the second unit powerplay. In particular, I'll be curious to see if Gilbert Brule is qualified by the Coyotes. If they aren't, I wonder if the team might satisfy the fan-bases increasingly annoying calls for more "Vancouver Giant's representation" by giving Bono's part-time chauffer a look.
Regardless, I'd expect Andrew Ebbett will find a job on another team next season and will probably continue to perform. They can play reasonably well in the top-six over the short-term – so long as you shelter their minutes. If you throw them out there on the fourth line, he'll help you drive play the right way. Ebbett is by no means a world beater, but he's a competent NHL player who belongs in the show and hopefully they get an opportunity to stick somewhere.
Aaron Rome
Aaron Rome caught a lot of guff from Canucks fans during their tenure, mostly because they were seen as Alain Vigneault's "favorite" and received more ice-time than the flashier, more highly paid and theoretically more talented Keith Ballard. What Canucks fans were missing, however, was that Aaron Rome was better suited for the job at hand – playing safe, low-event minutes on the third pairing – than the turnover prone, overly aggressive Keith Ballard. Rome was also able to fill in on the right-side, something Ballard is entirely unable to do and that versatility was a major reason why Rome got more ice-time than Vancouver's 4.25 million dollar third-pairing defenseman.
Aaron Rome is a good possession player, an under-rated passer (he's never going to QB a power-play, but he's a very competent, intelligent puck mover) and has a lot of "snarl" in their physical game. Unfortunately, he's also not the most athletic guy, and occasionally their timing was off on their hits. Sometimes that would result is bad, late hits – most famously their "series swinging" hit on Bruins forward Nathan Horton that led to the longest suspension in Stanley Cup Finals history. Nathan Horton missed the entirety of the playoffs this Spring because of a hit from Chicago's Sesito, but it's not a stretch to suggest that the impact of Rome's late hit continues to linger…
Many folks who will admit that Rome is a good sixth or seventh defenseman will also say that they were over-used during their Canucks tenure. They're wrong, and it's not a matter of opinion. Aaron Rome was sixth among all Canucks defenseman in average five-on-five ice-time per game during the 2010-11 season, and seventh among defenseman in average five-on-five ice-time per game in 2011-12. In short, they were what they are, and despite the jokes about their special relationship with Alain Vigneault: they were never elevated above their station, and was never more than a depth defenseman during their time in Vancouver.
If they stay in the Western Conference, Aaron Rome can help a team possess the puck against secondary competition, while playing a hard physical game, and being responsible in their own end. If they go to the Eastern Conference, I think they have some top-four potential as a "tough minutes" guy. Basically, I think they could have a Mike Weaver renaissance in the East, and I expect he'll get paid reasonably well to do so (2.5 million per season wouldn't surprise me).
With the likes of Andrew Alberts in the fold, Sami Salo likely to be re-signed and Yan Sauve in the pipeline, Aaron Rome will probably be replaced in-house. If the team looks to the market to add another depth defenseman who can comfortably slot in on the right-side, they probably couldn't do better than Dylan Reese.
Mike Duco
Our pal @socialassassin2 noticed earlier today that Duco edited their Twitter profile bio, so that it no longer advertises Duco's status as a member of the Vancouver Canucks organization. It was later confirmed by Ben Kuzma.
With Duco, I'd say they probably deserved a better shake from the Canucks. Duco was a good solider this season, with a firebrand personality, and I loved the way he'd go after the opposition's stars like a guided missile when they were in the game. I still think they have the potential to indirectly contribute offense by putting their team on the power-play with a good degree of regularity.
Basically Duco has some potential to be a quality pest, though their underlying numbers were pretty ugly, and clearly the team never thought of them as an everyday NHLer. It's probable that they saw them as too small to play on their fourth line, and that's too bad. Hopefully they get a chance to drive the opposition nuts on some team elsewhere in the NHL.
Ryan Parent
Ryan Parent is one of the more spectacular draft busts of the past decade. The decision not to extend them a qualifying offer is not a surprise at all, and I urge you to read Jeff Angus' bit on how teams misread the tea leaves on their level of talent.
Marc-Andre Gragnani
This has to be the most surprising move by the Canucks today, especially because Gillis told Jeff Paterson that Gragnani had been extended a qualifying offer only last week. Marc-Andre Gragnani is what they are: a high-event defenseman. The team gave them an extended try-out towards the end of the season, and most thought it was so that they would qualify as a Restricted Free Agent. Now getting them into those fourteen games seems pretty superfluous.
I suppose the team was sufficiently unimpressed with what they saw of their gap control and defensive coverage, however, and he's been allowed to hit the open market. It should be mentioned, however, that during their fourteen game stint with the Canucks, the team controlled nearly 55.5% of all Fenwick events against with Gragnani on the ice. They were sheltered in terms of zone-starts, but they did well to maintain that advantage and help the team generate shots and chances. Their PDO was exceedingly low (95.8), and I wonder if that had anything to do with the team's evaluation of them as a player. I've been confident in the club's ability to see past that in the past, but this decision gives me pause.
Gragnani could still be re-signed, but, they have way more leverage as a UFA than they would have had the team submitted a qualifying offer. That's a fancy way of saying that it's extremely unlikely that Gragnani will be returned, and I'm extremely confused as to why. It seems to me that there were some smart strategies, strategies the coaching staff already implements with their roster, that could have been used to maximize their value. One thing to consider, is that Kevin Connauton's continued improvement in Chicago this past season may have played a role in this decision. While I still would've been interested to see them compete for the same minutes, one may read this decision as a vote of confidence in the former Vancouver Giant. Or maybe the Canucks are getting Justin Schultz, who knows?
Who is left?
Of Vancouver's eight pending restricted free agents, only four were qualified. Those players are Eddie Lack, Cory Schneider, Dale Weise and Mason Raymond – though they aren't quite qualified, but they were protected through arbitration. Of the roster players who are set to become unrestricted free-agents, we've heard that Bitz, Ebbett and Rome have not had talks with the team about new contracts – so those three are likely to hit the open market. Sami Salo was thought to be on their way out, but the tone of that chatter has changed of late, and it's now expected they will return for another season (yay!).
Among non-roster players who are pending UFAs many expect the team will take another look at Steve Pinnizotto, who impressed in the preseason but was on the shelf with an injury for the entire 2011-12 campaign. Beyond that are farm hands like Mark Mancari, Steven Reinprecht, Matt Climie, and Nolan Baumgartner. I'd expect Mancari and Reinprecht to test the market and gauge interest from other teams before deciding whether or not to return to Chicago, whereas Climie is on a contract with the Wolves through next season, and it's extremely hard to imagine Nolan Baumgartner leaving the organization.
A radio host for conservative Christian group American Family Association claims that gay-inclusive curricula is to blame for falling test scores in schools across the nation.
Sandy Rios, AFA host and Fox News contributor, discussed the topic of LGBT bullying in schools while speaking with anti-gay activist Brian Camenker during a recent segment on their show, "Sandy Rios in the Morning." Camenker is the founder of the anti-gay, pro-family group, MassResistence, according to U.K.'s PinkNews. They purport LGBT bullying is mere "propaganda" and questions if LGBT youth even exist.
On Friday, Rios read emails from listeners responding to the segment. One particular emailer vented about schools that push the "left-wing agenda" and “rob the innocence of children through forced instruction of alternate lifestyles,” according to Right Wing Watch. Rios agreed, saying "teaching... homosexuality" is the underlying cause of America's poor scholastic standing.
More from Rios, per Right Wing Watch:
It's sad; it's just amazing how they are throwing — whether they are teaching radical environmentalism or homosexuality. Can you imagine that they are teaching this instead of math and science? And they are. And Margaret's right, that's the reason our test scores are so shockingly low compared with the world.
Back in 2010, schools began to endorse anti-bullying programs in response to multiple suicides linked to anti-gay harassment. The Associated Press reported at the time that religious conservatives felt anti-bullying programs specifically referencing sexual orientation were "an unnecessary and manipulative tactic" to sway students' perception of homosexuality.
But statistics reveal that bullying is no "propaganda."
The Gay, Lesbian & Straight Education Network (GLSEN) released its 2011 National School Climate Survey in September, revealing that "81.9% of LGBT students reported being verbally harassed, 38.3% reported being physically harassed and 18.3% reported being physically assaulted at school in the past year because of their sexual orientation."
And GLSEN isn't buying Rios' theory.
“This baseless and irresponsible claim by Sandy Rios does nothing but demonstrate how out of touch they are about the reality in our schools," Andy Marra, GLSEN public relations manager, told The Huffington Post in a statement. "The fact is that an inclusive curriculum has not only been found to improve school climate, but also improve academic outcomes. We also know that other school supports like supportive educators, the presence of Gay-Straight Alliances and comprehensive anti-bullying policies are tied to improving academic achievement.”
By By JohnThomas Didymus Mar 25, 2013 in Odd News Moscow - According to the Russian Interior Ministry, a Russian college professor who was detained for storing 14kg (30 pounds) of radioactive materials in their home explained to the police that they needed the materials to make their friend immortal. According to the teacher, their friend was convinced they could become immortal through exposure to fissionable material. Police did not disclose the name of the teacher but they said they admitted that they used the materials to "irradiate" their friend who wanted to become "immortal." The two friends reportedly visited the site of the said their friend traveled to the site to "to expose themselves to radiation and become immortal." But police were not convinced of the feasibility of the bold scientific experiments. They charged the college professor with a criminal offense of "illegal handling of nuclear materials or radioactive substances." They face up to seven years in prison, While it is uncertain how the teacher and their friend intended to achieve the goal of immortality using radioactive substances, some have speculated that their scientific genius may have been inspired by Marvel Comics. The police detained the college professor after they found six kilograms of radioactive substances in their apartment and another eight kilograms in their garage. Ria Novosti reports the 35-year-old teacher at a Moscow college said their friend had devised a plan to make themselves immortal through exposure to radiation.According to the teacher, their friend was convinced they could become immortal through exposure to fissionable material. Police did not disclose the name of the teacher but they said they admitted that they used the materials to "irradiate" their friend who wanted to become "immortal."The two friends reportedly visited the site of the 1986 Chernobyl disaster to collect contaminated material for the purported immortality radiation therapy. The police said the man confessed that they acquired the radioactive materials in their possession by "going to special places and burial sites."He said their friend traveled to the site to "to expose themselves to radiation and become immortal."But police were not convinced of the feasibility of the bold scientific experiments. They charged the college professor with a criminal offense of "illegal handling of nuclear materials or radioactive substances." They face up to seven years in prison, Ria Novosti reports.While it is uncertain how the teacher and their friend intended to achieve the goal of immortality using radioactive substances, some have speculated that their scientific genius may have been inspired by Marvel Comics. More about Radioactive material, Immortal, Immortality More news from Radioactive material Immortal Immortality
I have great news! Today could be your lucky day. It's not a matter of chance, it's a matter of choice. Lucky people are ordinary people who make their own good luck by thinking and behaving in ways that create good fortune in their lives. Here's what they do differently:
1.) Lucky people maintain a relaxed attitude that is open and aware.
A study by psychologist Dr. Richard Wiseman surveyed a bunch of people to find out who considered themselves lucky or unlucky. Wiseman gave both the ‘lucky' and the ‘unlucky' people a newspaper and asked them to look through it and tell them how many photographs were inside. That's it. Luck wasn't on their minds, just some silly task.
They found that on average the unlucky people took two minutes to count all the photographs, whereas the lucky ones determined the number in a few seconds. How could the lucky people do this? Because they noticed a message on the second page that read, “Stop counting. There are 43 photographs in this newspaper.” So why didn't the unlucky people see it? Because they were so intent on counting all the photographs that they missed the message.
When people are focused on a single task, blocking out every other possibility, they miss chance opportunities that could be important. Lucky people are more relaxed and open, and therefore they see what is there rather than seeing only what they are looking for. Unlucky people do the opposite. They go to parties with the sole intent of finding their perfect partner, and so they miss opportunities to make good friends or meet people who might be able to help them in their careers. They look through the newspaper determined to find specific jobs, and overlook great openings.
The same principle applies when lucky people meet and chat with other people. They are relaxed and attuned to the opportunities around them. Lucky people see what is there, rather than trying to find exactly what they want to see.
In the real world, you've got opportunities all around you. If your mind is closed, you're not going to spot them. Being relaxed and open allows you to see what's really around and maximize the potential of what's right under your nose.
2.) Lucky people use intuition and gut instincts to make successful decisions.
Lucky people simply know when a decision is right. They trust themselves to decide. And if they get it wrong, they take it as a lesson learned and then adjust their approach. In contrast, unlucky people view many of their poor decisions as yet more evidence of how they are always destined to fail.
In their book, The Luck Factor, Dr. Wiseman discusses another study they conducted in which more than a hundred lucky and unlucky people answered a short questionnaire concerning the role of intuition – the rather curious sensation that something we have just done, or are about to do, is very right or very wrong – in their lives. When it came to luck, intuition mattered. Lucky people's gut feelings and hunches tended to pay off time and time again. In contrast, unlucky people often ignored their intuition and regretted their decisions.
3.) Lucky people notice little things and solve small problems.
I chatted with an aspiring web application developer recently who was complaining that all the big ideas were being worked on already and that there was nothing groundbreaking left to do. As they talked, I realized they were referencing massive projects that others were working on that seemed mostly out of reach. And as I thought about all these ‘grand ideas' I realized that in most cases they probably didn't start with a massive plan or project, but rather started by trying to solve a simple problem. The biggest accomplishments often originate from humble roots, yet not many people realize this.
This is the impression I get when I read about the early stages of companies like Google. I'm pretty sure Google's founders didn't have the goal of organizing the all of the world's information as their primary focus when they first started – instead they started with a series of smaller problems (problems are potential opportunities) and slowly expanded their end goal from there.
4.) Lucky people treat their failures as an opportunity to learn and grow.
Everything in life is a lesson. Everyone you meet, everything you encounter, etc. They're all part of the learning experience we call ‘life.'
Never forget to acknowledge the lesson. If you don't get a job you wanted or a relationship doesn't work, it only means something better is out there waiting. And the lesson you just learned is the first step towards it. Lucky people learn from their mistakes. When ill fortune blocks the path to their goals, they explore other ways of solving the problem and squeeze some benefit from their misfortune.
Unlucky people often dwell on mistakes from the past, obsessing about the bad luck that put them in their present unlucky situation. But remember, good luck has a lot to do with choice. Use all of the lessons you have learned to make educated decisions and create good luck for yourself in the future.
5.) Lucky people appreciate what they have right now.
When you appreciate what you have, what you have appreciates in value. If you are in the constant habit of feeling and giving gratitude, the world wants to give you more and more. Pay close attention to the present, many people aren't so lucky.
You already have some amazing things in your life, whether you realize it or not. Most of us have incredible family members, friends, other loved ones who love us back. Learn to appreciate what a miracle that is. Most of us have good health, which is another miracle. Most of us have eyes, with which to enjoy the amazing miracles of sunsets and nature and beauty all around us. Most of us have ears, with which to enjoy music, one of the greatest miracles ever. Be grateful for each of these things, and more!
Take time every day, throughout the day, to thank life for all that it has given you, to thank others for what they give you, to simply be grateful. Read Stumbling on Happiness.
6.) Lucky people work toward their goals every day without fail.
The harder you work, the luckier you will become. Stop waiting around for things to work out on their own. They won't. If you keep doing what you're doing, you'll keep getting what you're getting.
While many of us decide at some point during the course of our lives that we want to answer our calling, only an astute few of us actually work on it. By ‘working on it,' I mean truly devoting oneself to the end result. The rest of us never act on our decision. Or, at best, we pretend to act on it by putting forth an uninspired, half-assed effort.
If you want good luck in your life, you've got to be willing to give it 100% every day. No slacking off! Take some advice from one of America's most influential founding fathers, Benjamin Franklin: “Diligence is the mother of good luck”. Achieving your goals and dreams can be a lot of work. Be ready for it.
7.) Lucky people help when they're able.
It's impossible to help someone else and not get a little help for yourself in the process.
The old saying “what goes around comes” is definitely true in all walks of life, and it comes around when you least expect it. In life, you get what you put in. Remember, luck often comes in the form of help when you need it most, and the best way to ‘grease the rails' for help when you'll eventually need it is by helping others right now.
When you help others, don't expect something in return. Just enjoy the experience of helping that person and building a stronger personal relationship. That stronger relationship will likely be there for you in your moments of darkness.
8.) Lucky people tend to see the positive side of their ill fortune.
They imagine how things could have been so much worse. For example, research shows that Olympic athletes who win bronze medals are typically happier than their silver medalist counterparts. This is because silver medalists think that if they had performed slightly better they might have won a gold medal. In contrast, bronze medalists focus on how if they'd performed slightly worse, they wouldn't have won anything at all.
Having a positive outlook on life is a must if you are to become a luckier person. If your outlook on life is doom and gloom, then that's all you'll experience. Fortunately, the opposite is also true. When you dwell on the negative events in your life, you will experience only the negative. But when you concentrate on positive events, you will begin to feel much happier and luckier.
You control your luck and your life by controlling your thoughts. Keep a luck diary. At the end of each day, spend a couple of moments writing down the positive and lucky things that happened. Once you get in the habit of seeing the bright side, it will be difficult to see it any other way.
9.) Lucky people enjoy new experiences and take calculated risks.
If you want more luck, mix it up. Unlucky people tend to be creatures of habit. They take the same route to and from work every single day, talk to the same types of people at social functions, and live out the same routine day in and day out. In contrast, lucky people try to introduce variety into their lives. They are adventurous. They take calculated risks. They are consistently taking action in the face of uncertainty.
When you take small risks, either you succeed or you learn something. Win-Win. Take the leap even when you can't see every last detail coming over the horizon. Remember, if you never act, you will never know for sure, and you will be left standing in the same unlucky spot forever.
If you need a little push, try playing the dice game. Make a list of six new experiences – things that you have never done before but wouldn't mind trying. Some of the experiences might be fairly simple and others might be more adventurous. Write down a list of the experiences and number them 1 to 6. Then, roll a die and carry out whichever experience is selected. What a fun way to bring new experiences, risk and possibly luck into your life. Read Feel the Fear… and Do It Anyway.
10.) Lucky people believe they CAN.
In all walks of life, positive beliefs have the power to become self-fulfilling prophecies.
Lucky people believe they CAN be successful. Studies have shown that a manager' positive beliefs and expectations in their staff have a profound effect on the productivity and success rate of their staff. Likewise, managers who believe in themselves motivate the people around them to perform well and believe in themselves as well, while those with poor expectations cause those around them to become despondent and unproductive.
Positive beliefs and high expectations also motivate lucky people to persist even in the face of considerable adversity; which means they eventually reach the finish line as the other contenders walk back to the starting line.
Conclusion
Those who take responsibility for their own lives and actions know that luck can be created. Live each day believing in yourself and your ability to be lucky, and over time you will be. I challenge you to review each bullet point again and think of your own personal luck in recent times. Think about how lucky you are right now.
Photo by: Suradej Chuephanich
I let the words swim away over us as they drove. maybe they were never meant to be spoken.
Small note on the art that I've been doing recently. Please try to be understanding of the fact that I paint full time as my day job. While I would love to keep a steady pace of new posts coming in, the truth is that sometimes I'm just plain old tired. Creating art like this requires me an entire other work session right after work. So while I'd love to be giving you new art every day please understand that I'm just a normal human being who sometimes gets exhausted like we all do =/ Thank you for coming by to see this. Your support means a lot more to me than you'll ever know.
Modpack : Any A Simple Life A-Team's Revenge Agrarian Skies 2 Agrarian Skies: Hardcore Quest AIE Nomads AlienMC Ancient Engineering Anti-Material Energy Arch-Mage Craft Atonement: Sins of the Past Attack of the B-Team Automata Banished BBQSauce BeeHappy Bevo's Tech Pack Beyond Reality: Divergence Blast Off! Blightfall Blood N' Bones Botania Skyblock: The Modpack: The Mod: The Modpack Broken Borders Buildpack Bytesize Clouds of Darkness Colony Combat Pack Compitum Magia Crash Landing Crundee Craft Dangerous Depths Davy Jones' Locker Direwolf20 1.7 DNS Techpack Drone Pack Everything is Hostile Feed the Beast: Trials - Episode I For the Love of Adventure ForgeCraft: The Modpack FTB Departed FTB Horizons: Daybreaker FTB Infinity FTB Lite 2 FTB Lite 3 FTB Modpack Of The Month: Botania FTB Monster FTB Pax South 2015 Challenge Map FTB Presents Cloud 9 FTB Resurrection FTB Trident FTB Vanilla+ Galactic Science GATES Hello World! Hermitcraft Modsauce Hermitcraft Modsauce 2 Hubris ImpactFlux Incurro Feritas Infernal Skies InfiTech 2 JoeGaming ModPack Journey to the Core Jovian Karma Kingdom Building KoretexKomplete Mage Quest Magic Farm 2 Magic Farm 3: Harvest Magic Glass Garden Magicality: The Next Dimension Material Energy^3 Material Energy^4 Mechanical Titan Minecraft Unabridged Modlife 3 MysticBlade Natural Magic NotEnoughTech Nuts and Bolts Obscurity On The Edge One Life to Live Otherworld - A Space Adventure Pathfinder PixelmonCraft Poke' What? Project Greg RaxPack Refuge Regrowth Resonant Rise RFEnder BuildPack Running Red 2: Vampire Money Serendipity Unlimited SeriousPack Simplify: A Hint of Vanilla Sky Factory 2 Speed Up Steam Engineering Stirecraft Stranded on the Beach TechNodefirmacraft Technofirma Technolution Advanced Tekkify Tekkit Tekkit Classic Reborn TerraCraft Awakened Test Pack Please Ignore (TPPI) Test Pack Please Ignore 2 (TPPI2) The 1.7.10 Pack The Abandoned House 2 The Aftermath The Crack Pack The Dark Trilogy The Ferret Business The MadPack 3 The RyRyPatPatPackPack The Tutorial The World World Pack There Will Be Blood TolkienCraft II Ultimate Questpack Utopia³ Vaygrim's Chance Void World Wanderlust Reloaded We All Play Pack Zoopack
Demonstrators say they are prepared to remain at London landmark until the government changes direction
Protesters in London remained in defiant mood, insisting that they would not be forced from their tented village outside St Paul's Cathedral.
A week on from the start of the protest, the Occupy London Stock Exchange group said on Saturday it was prepared to stay at the landmark "until there is a change in direction from the government".
The demonstrators' latest pledge came as senior officials from St Paul's met City of London Corporation (CLC) officials to discuss the decision to close the cathedral for the first time since the second world war.
Protest organisers said they had complied with every request the cathedral had made and would continue to obey any further demands to ensure the camp stayed.
A volunteer for the Occupy movement, Peter Vaughan, 24, from Hackney, east London, said: "We feel we have addressed all their health and safety concerns. We don't want a battle with the church."
Attempting to explain why the cathedral had appeared to backtrack from its support of the occupation earlier in the week, Vaughan speculated that church officials may have been under pressure from those with financial interests in the City.
The Reverend Canon Dr Giles Fraser, chancellor of St Paul's, dismissed claims that the cathedral had been shut for commercial reasons and defended the decision to close.
"I remain firmly supportive of the right of people peacefully to protest," they said.
"But given the strong advice that we have received that the camp is making the cathedral and its occupants unsafe then this right has to be balanced against other rights and responsibilities too.
"The Christian gospel is profoundly committed to the needs of the poor and the dispossessed. Financial justice is a gospel imperative. Those who are claiming the decision to close the cathedral has been made for commercial reasons are talking complete nonsense."
The dean of St Paul's, the Rev Graeme Knowles, said the closure was necessary because health and safety, and fire officers had identified unknown quantities of flammable liquids, along with smoking and drinking in tented areas, which compromised fire exits.
They also cited public health issues such as sanitation and food hygiene.
"The decision to close St Paul's Cathedral is unprecedented in modern times," Knowles said.
"We have done this with a very heavy heart, but it is simply not possible to fulfil our day-to-day obligations to worshippers, visitors and pilgrims in current circumstances.
"I hope that the protesters will understand the issues we are facing, recognise that their voice has been legitimately heard, and withdraw peacefully."
OccupyLSX estimated that hundreds would swell the camp on Saturday for a series of talks and demonstrations, potentially taking the number of demonstrators up to 2,000.
A wedding at St Paul's nevertheless went ahead on Saturday despite its closure to the general public.
Natasha Ighodaro arrived at the cathedral to marry Nick Cunningham against a backdrop of dozens of tents and a banner reading "capitalism is crisis".
Leaving the service, the bride said: "There hasn't been any disruption at all – it's been wonderful, really amazing."
Wedding guest John Giles, from Godalming in Surrey, offered their support to the demonstrators. They said: "I think there are valuable comments being made and it seems to have been done in a peaceful way. They have a democratic right to protest."
A spokesperson for the cathedral said it would lose about £16,000 in visitor donations for every day it is closed. It will remain shut on Sunday and it is unclear when it will reopen.
Despite the closure of the cathedral, which is a major tourist attraction, most visitors to the site said they believed the presence of the camp, comprising around 200 tents, enhanced the building's exterior.
Earlier, Eqyptian activist Nawal El Saadawi, who was celebrating their 80th birthday, addressed the crowd on the steps of the cathedral. Hours after flying in from Cairo, they likened the tents around St Paul's to those that occupied Tahrir Square during the uprising: "All over the world it's a global revolution. We must fight together."
This is the first post in a series by our collaborator megax, who will be hosting weekly translations highlighting Naoko Yamada's oeuvre for the next few months. We thought it was an exciting project worth hosting, and we'll be writing something for it as well. Enjoy!
Hello everyone, megax here with a new weekly feature this season. A lot of the writers on this site have their own favorites and want to promote their work. I'm no different than them. With 2016 essentially being the year of Naoko Yamada at Kyoto Animation (series director for the Sound! Euphonium movie, director for A Silent Voice, series director for Sound! Euphonium 2), I wanted to end it with a celebration of their recent creative works throughout this season. So stay tuned as today starts 13 weeks of celebrating Naoko Yamada!
We start appropriately with a translation of a transcription posted by Sekai of the stage greeting following Shinjuku Picadilly's screening of Sound! Euphonium The Movie with the movie director Tatsuya Ishihara and series director Naoko Yamada. As the post was from notes/personal memory, there may be some inaccuracies in the phrasing/wording of the answers, but the general theme is correct.
Guests: Director Tatsuya Ishihara and Series Director Naoko Yamada
Master of Ceremonies: Mukai from Shochiku
Yamada: To all of you Sound! Euphonium fans, how do you do this evening? I'm Series Director Yamada. It's a pleasure to be here.
Ishihara: I'm director Ishihara. Nice to see you all.
Yamada: Shouldn't it also be “good evening?” (the stage greeting started at 22:30) Excuse us for how late it is.
Mukai: This is the first time you two have come out at an event like this isn't it?
Yamada: We appeared together on the KyoAni 4 director stage event, but this is the first time with just the two of us.
Mukai: What were you like when you started working together?
Ishihara: Let's start the fade-in at a point when I was directing a work and Yamada was drawing key animation for the first time. (towards Yamada) Is it alright if I say the name of that work?
Yamada: There's no need to hide it. I joined KyoAni in 2004, so this is my 13th year working there. I debuted as a key animator during AIR for the “Summer” episodes.
Ishihara: And then afterwards, you became an episode director in Clannad.
Yamada: I got to direct K-ON!!
Mukai: Everyone knows that. (laughs)
Yamada: At that time, Ishihara-san helped as an advisor for me and then we bided our time to work together as a tag-team for Sound! Euphonium…
Ishihara: It's similar to when we worked on K-ON!….and somehow not.
Mukai: What were your first impressions of each other?
Ishihara: I thought they were a weird subculture girl who went to an arts university.
Yamada: Ishihara-san is an amazing senior with a long history of works and yet he's on the modest side. When it was time for us to design the retakes for my incredibly awful key animation for AIR, they would sit across from me and explain it to me so humbly.
Ishihara: A director and the staff they work with have to suit each other.
Yamada: I've also gotten used to sitting in a seat of honor working with Ishihara-san. (Both of them were sitting on stage in the “seats of honor”)
Mukai: This is my first time sitting on stage in a seat of honor for a stage greeting.
Ishihara: The other day I instructed (Kumiko Oumae's voice) Tomoyo Kurosawa-san how to act when sitting in one of these. When you're standing, it's somewhat like you're looking down from up high, but when you sit, you can meet each other's eyes.
Mukai: Is there anything you'd like to hear from each other?
Yamada: Director Ishihara and I sit near each other. We've been warned by our manager that we have too many packages and cardboard boxes at our desks. Is talking about that okay?
Ishihara: Isn't that rather something we wouldn't like to hear about?
Mukai: Were there any difficult parts or tales during the production of Sound! Euphonium?
Ishihara: I'll talk about this for the first time. Yamada-san determined the names of all the band members.
Yamada: I chose their names from older Group Sounds band names. For example, you have Juri Sawada (Kenji Sawada & their nickname Julie) and Tsubame Kamiya (Hiroshi Kamayatsu). The percussion members had names around that band (The Spiders).
Ishihara: Frankly the names of the band members were very good. I borrowed the station names from a certain electric railroad company for the classmates. It's the first time I've let that leak too.
Mukai: While we're reminiscing about Sound! Euphonium's production, were there any events that you scouted for locations?
Ishihara: The location is in our neighborhood, so we didn't have to travel that far. I didn't go to it, but Yamada-san went to the Kansai Concert the year before last.
Yamada: Three schools from the Kansai Concert move on to Nationals. Our producer's alma mater got dud gold. The guy broke down in tears.
It's my belief that you don't cry when you're working; you go to the bathroom when you need to cry. But I unintentionally cried at that moment.
Ishihara: I cry when I'm drawing storyboards.
Mukai: I hear Yamada-san had an obsession with “Rydeen.”
Yamada: Sound director Yota Tsuruoka-san had an obsession with the sound of the movie version. The sounds for the TV series had a fluent and adolescent feeling to it, but the movie version was changed to be a cooler sound. It was recomposed for a 5.1 channel mix.
Ishihara: There's a difference in how the sound spreads from the first tuned version and for the newly tuned version.
Yamada: That first “bam” is cool.
Mukai: The movie's home release goes on sale today. There are a lot of bonus features. Photographs taken at the concert are included and the audio tracks have a DTS Headphones X version where you can replicate the 5.1 channel surround mix using your stereo headphones.
Yamada: How are you able to hear sounds from in front of you and behind you in your earphones?! It's like some blessing from Prince Shoutoku! (laughs)
Ishihara: You only have two ears and yet you're able to tell when sounds are above you and below you right? Surely it's something like that.
(umx note: As a neuroscientist, I'll say that the timing of sounds coming from in front of you is slightly faster than something behind you due to how our ears are shaped. That simultaneous signal allows us to interpret space from our hearing at a simplistic level.)
Mukai: Today the broadcasting date for Sound! Euphonium 2 was unveiled. What should we look forward to?
Ishihara: What can I mention…..
What I personally put a lot of energy into was the Uji Fireworks Festival. It really resembles the real deal. This might make me sound like a maniac, but since there hasn't been one in the past two or three years, I reproduced it from memory and older photographs. When I went to consult Nagura-san who had the photographs, we also made sure that the sound of the announcements would also echo like in reality.
Yamada: The speakers reverb quite a lot, don't they?
Ishihara: Uji is surrounded by mountains, so the announcements have to echo or else it wouldn't be the real thing. If people from the area were to watch it, it would have to feel real to them too.
Yamada: My highlight is the same as always: the fiery friction from the group of girls. We've depicted the subtleties of their hearts in that regard. One characteristic of wind ensembles is the energy you expend. You're in a somewhat trance-like state during your mornings, afternoons, and evenings. If you just look at that moment, there's a sense of “alive”ness to it.
Also, we have things like shameful male band members too.
Ishihara: The point of view from Ayano Takeda-sensei's novels is very entertaining.
Yamada: For the first time in a while, I thoroughly read through the source material.
Mukai: So will it get even more fiery in the future?
Ishihara: Kumiko has changed from season 1; they become a fiery girl herself.
Yamada: Kumiko moves three-dimensionally in season 2.
Ishihara: They were passive in season 1 and she's now active in season 2.
Mukai: Finally, please give one last statement to the audience.
Yamada: Thank you all for gathering here today. It was amazing to see the intensity of the movie on the big screen again. My film, A Silent Voice, opens on September 17, so please see it if you would like to. We didn't cut any corners on Sound! Euphonium 2 either!
Ishihara: Thank you for meeting us at such a late time. Please enjoy and support us again next month when our production, Sound! Euphonium 2 begins airing.
Support us on Patreon so that we can keep producing content like this, and move the entirety of Sakugabooru to an independent server.
The chairperson of the House Education and the Workforce Committee is calling on Richard Griffin, the general counsel for the National Labor Relations Board, to "abandon their partisan agenda or step down immediately."
The catalyst was a Jan. 31 memo from Griffin that said NCAA football players at private colleges and universities are employees under the National Labor Relations Act and therefore entitled to unionize.
The determination could have a major impact on college sports where the athletes have been long seen as students and therefore not eligible to unionize. Foxx said the only reason for the memo is to help unions seeking to organize the athletes.
"This partisan memorandum puts the interests of union leaders over America's students, and it has the potential to create significant confusion at college campuses across the nation. It's an affront to hard-working Americans for Griffin to double down on their extreme, Big Labor agenda, especially at a time when a new president is entitled to move the NLRB in a new direction," Republican Rep. Virginia Foxx said in a joint statement with Rep. Tim Walberg, R-Mich., who is chairperson of the labor subcommittee.
"Griffin should respect the will of the American people and rescind this memorandum immediately. If they are unwilling to set aside their extreme and partisan agenda, then they should step aside as general counsel," Foxx and Walberg added.
The five-member labor board is a quasi-independent federal agency that enforces the National Labor Rights Act. Though their title implies they are the board's top lawyer, Griffin's function is closer to that of a chief executive officer. They run the day-to-day operations of the board and can initiate investigations and rulemakings on their own. Before serving on the board, Griffin was the top lawyer for the International Union of Operating Engineers. They also worked as an attorney for the AFL-CIO, the nation's largest labor federation.
The labor board has roiled the world of college sports for years. A highly controversial March 2014 decision by a board regional director found that the players were employees of the university, not principally students. Therefore, they had the right to form a union. Though the ruling applied only to Northwestern athletes, other athletes could have cited it as a precedent if they tried to unionize. The full board overruled the regional director the following year.
In the Jan. 31 memo, Griffin announced that the Northwestern case and related ones "were representation cases (and therefore) they did not directly address the right of the workers in those cases to seek protection against unfair labor practices." They said their office had analyzed the issue and decided that NCAA football players "are employees under the NLRA, and therefore are entitled to the protections of Section 7 of the act."
The policy is subject to final approval by the board, which has two vacancies.
A representative for the labor board said the board had no comment.
NEW YORK (MARCH 30, 2017) – We recently learned of the death of Amy Bleuel, the founder of Project Semicolon. Ms. Bleuel was a dedicated mental health advocate who devoted themselves to raising awareness of mental health and the importance of reaching out when you need help. The American Foundation for Suicide Prevention offers our condolences to Amy Bleuel's family, their friends, and everyone touched by Amy's honest spirit. Based on reports, we understand that Ms. Bleuel died by suicide.
With their prolific semi-colon campaign, they brought real awareness to an issue that is often misunderstood and can be complex in nature. Amy's life was a testament that one person truly can make a difference. They had a powerful voice that gave others the confidence to speak openly about mental health.
It is important to note that there is no single cause of suicide. Suicide most often occurs when several stressors and health issues converge to create an experience of hopelessness and despair. However, most people who actively manage their mental health conditions lead fulfilling lives. We must do more to prevent such tragic deaths through greater awareness of mental health issues, common warning signs, effective interventions and treatments. Suicide is preventable, and we all have a role to play to end the tragedy of suicide. Suicide is the tenth leading cause of death in the U.S.
Media wanting more information regarding suicide, warning signs and prevention can visit our website at www.afsp.org. For insight on how to report on suicide: https://afsp.org/about-suicide/for-journalists/
If you need help right now, please call the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-TALK (8255) or contact the Crisis Text Line by texting TALK to 741-741.
The American Foundation for Suicide Prevention is dedicated to saving lives and bringing hope to those affected by suicide. AFSP creates a culture that's smart about mental health through education and community programs, develops suicide prevention through research and advocacy, and provides support for those affected by suicide. Led by CEO Robert Gebbia and headquartered in New York, and with a public policy office in Washington, D.C., AFSP has local chapters in all 50 states with programs and events nationwide. Learn more about AFSP in its latest Annual Report, and join the conversation on suicide prevention by following AFSP on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and YouTube.
# # #
------
Like what you're reading? Go to our Sharing Your Story page, where you'll find resources for sharing your own story, including story ideas, blog submission guidelines, tips for sharing your story safely and creative exercises to help you get started, and assignments for upcoming topics.
Write a blog post for AFSP! Click here for our Submission Guidelines.
Currently electric cars and plug-in hybrid electric cars are thought to be good solutions for relieving exhaust gases and traffics. However, there are still insufficient regulations, policies, and infrastructures for such vehicles.
Personal mobility vehicles, such as electric wheelchairs, e-scooters, hybrid bikes, fixie bikes, and folding bikes, provide a new solution.
These vehicles can be used by people of all ages for short to intermediate distance travel. In addition, they can reduce risks and costs of daily commuting and make people less stressed and more relaxed.
In a study newly published in International Journal of Automotive Technology, a South Korean scientist develops a novel 18-speed transmission for personal mobility.
The small-sized transmission is an internally geared hub transmission. The gear trains are made of a couple of simple and double pinion epicyclic gears. Each gear is contact with the shaft that connects to the wheel hub.
The transmission has 3 epicyclic gear modules: two 3-speed modules and one 2-speed module. Each gear module has 2-3 epicyclic gears.
The transmission can make distinct gear steps up to 18 by connecting the three epicyclic gear modules serially. Like a conventional transmission, the shift can be initiated by a cable or electric motor.
Because the transmission is made of tiny mechanical elements in a complex structure, the researcher tested its feasibility and operating principles. They used the Automated Dynamic Analysis of Mechanical Systems (ADAMS) software to build a numerical model of the transmission.
With this model, several simulations were carried out to analyze its dynamic behavior. One performance evaluation was the automatic and robust shift functions at any circumstances.
In order to validate the transmission's performance experimentally, the researcher built a prototype and a test bench. The test bench was composed of various instruments for measuring torque and rotational speed of the prototype.
The test showed that the maximal power transmission efficiency is obtained as 96% at the final gear step. This means the transmission can automatically shift in full 18 gear steps and shift mechanism works as expected.
The finding suggests that the new 18-speed transmission is distinguished from other transmissions for its small size, lightweight, high efficiency, and wide speed range up to 18 gear steps. Future work will test this transmission in personal mobility vehicles.
Citation: Kim, J. (2016). Design of a compact 18-speed epicyclic transmission for a personal mobility vehicle. International Journal of Automotive Technology, 17: 977-982. doi:10.1007/s12239-016-0095-9.
Figure legend: This Knowridge.com image is for illustrative purposes only.
Nearly two-thirds of those surveyed across French-Speaking Switzerland say they support the idea of bidding to host the 2026 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games.
An Internet survey conducted by MIS Trend for widely-read L'Illustré magazine from March 9 to 13 revealed that a decisive 66.2 per cent of respondents supports a possible Olympic Games in their region while only 22 per cent oppose. Results across seven cantons are consistent and all, even when factoring in the worst margin of error, show over 50 per cent support.
The survey showed that greater support for younger people (71.6 per cent) and less from those over 45 (60.6 per cent). Men (72 per cent) are more supportive than Women (61 per cent).
The results are significant as the Sion 2026 project readies for an expected approval from the Swiss sport authority April 11 ahead of an official application to the International Olympic Committee (IOC) expected early next year. A full referendum will be required to back the campaign and will likely be held later in 2018.
Sion previously bid unsuccessfully for the Games in 1976, 2002 and 2006. Switzerland hosted the Winter Games in St. Moritz in 1928 and 1948.
Last month another Swiss candidate led by Davos was forced to drop from the race after nearly 60 per cent voted against the project in a general referendum. Those results are more consistent with a general recent push back across Europe for hosting the Games.
For the 2022 Winter Games bids from Krakow, Munich and Davos lost referendums, ending their Olympic aspirations – and for the 2024 Summer Games Hamburg pulled out after narrowly losing a vote and last month Budapest withdrew when an opposition group forced a referendum, but the government didn't want to spend political capital to defend it.
On Tuesday a poll was released in Canada showing that about 61 per cent support a bid by Calgary for the 2026 Games. Both positive poll results will be welcoming for the IOC who are battling a downward-spiraling confidence level from the general public over the prospects of hosting the Olympics. Overspending, corruption and questionable legacies from the Sochi 2014 and Rio 2016 Games have fueled the general mood that has decimated the number of candidates available in the previous two bid races.
For 2024 Olympic Games, only Los Angeles and Paris remain bidding out of an original five applicants – and the IOC is considering awarding both cities the next two Games rather than risk a sparse applicant field for 2028.
But interest for the 2026 Games is picking up. If Sion gets the nod from Swiss authorities it could face a large international filed of applicants. Along with Calgary, other possible bidders including former Winter Games hosts Innsbruck and Sapporo, a city in Sweden, Erzurum in Turkey as well as 2022 runner-up Almaty in Kazakhstan are said to be investigating campaigns.
The IOC is expected to elect the host city in 2019.
Disney Magical World 2 Japanese release date set
3DS sequel features over 120 Disney characters, 3,000 items.
Disney Magical World 2, Bandai Namco's recently announced sequel to the 950,000-shipped 2013 original, will launch for 3DS in Japan on November 5 for 5,690 yen, the company announced.
Over 120 Disney characters and 3,000 items will appear in the game. You'll be able to shop, stroll about, go on adventures, fish, work the field, excavate gems, create outfits and furniture, and enjoy various events with Disney characters. You'll also be able to decorate your own cafe with a Disney-themed interiors.
New worlds in the sequel include that of Frozen, The Little Mermaid, Snow White, and Lilo & Stich. Alice in Wonderland and Winnie the Pooh will also return from the previous game.
The Frozen world depicts a story set between the feature-length movie and the Frozen Fever short film where players are looking for a gift for Anna's birthday. The scenario is produced together with Walt Disney Animation Studio, and songs like “Let It Go” are included.
The game will also incorporate the dance shows of the previous game, “Dream Fantasies,” which are dreams “filled with light and music” that you can play when you go to sleep in the game, the ability to shoot souvenir photos at various locations, and more.
Singer May J. will sing the theme song, “Sparkle ~Kagayaki wo Shinjite~.” She's also in charge of penning the lyrics.
A Disney Magical World 2-themed New 3DS face plate bundle pack will also be released.
View the first screenshots at the gallery.
0 Seattle mayor proposes new tax on sodas, sugary drinks
Seattle Mayor Ed Murray wants a local tax of 2 cents per ounce on sugary drinks, including regular soda, Monster energy drinks, Sunny D, Gatorade, Starbucks bottled Frappuccinos and Arizona iced teas.
That works out to $1.44 per six-pack.
The tax, which would be put on distributors, is meant to fund education programs and “eliminate the opportunity gap between white students and African American/black students and other historically under-represented students of color," Murray said.
QUICK FACTS
- Tax would be 2 cents per ounce, levied on distributors
- Covers sodas, energy drinks, Starbucks bottled drinks, and iced teas
- Based on previous efforts in Berkeley, California, and other cities
- Other cities have seen sales drop, but it's too soon to know if that leads to lower rates of obesity or diabetes
- Education funding in Seattle to be based on recommendations from Education Summit Advisory Group
- CDC says there's “no single or simple solution to the obesity epidemic”
Murray said the plan is based on recommendations from the Education Summit Advisory Group. They pointed to a similar tax in Berkeley, California, that they said reduced consumption of such drinks by 20 percent. They also pointed to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's message that such efforts are "the single most effective remedy to reverse the obesity epidemic.”
The “single most effective” line comes from a 2010 journal article by Thomas R. Frieden. However, Frieden is no longer the director of the CDC.
The current CDC website says “there is no single or simple solution to the obesity epidemic. It's a complex problem and there has to be a multifaceted approach.”
Freiden was previously the New York health commissioner under former Mayor Michael Bloomberg, who lost a bruising fight to limit the size of sugary drinks.
Lobbyists for soda companies have helped stop soda taxes with well-financed campaigns in several cities.
Last November, five municipalities including San Francisco and the county that includes Chicago approved special taxes on sugary drinks – backed by Bloomberg's charitable organization.
Seven U.S. cities now have special, per-ounce taxes on sugary drinks. All were approved in the last two years with funding from Bloomberg Philanthropies, as well as from Laura and John Arnold, the latter of whom ran a hedge fund.
Related >> Seattle mayor wants property tax increase to raise more money for homelessness
Oakland and Albany, California, and Boulder, Colorado, also passed sugary drink taxes last November. They follow Berkeley, California, in 2014, and Philadelphia last summer.
Bloomberg Philanthropies said it will help others that come forward.
Murray and their staff did not mention Bloomberg help specifically, though they did reference the Berkley tax that Murray said “reduced the consumption of sugary drinks by 20 percent.”
That statistic -- showing a 21 percent drop -- was done with self-reporting by participants and was published in the American Journal of Public Health. There was a decrease in Berkeley, but consumption rose 4 percent in two other cities, according to The New York Times.
But it is too soon to know whether those drops in sales will lead to lower rates of obesity or diabetes, The Times reported.
In 2010, state lawmakers in Olympia passed a budget package that enacted nearly $800 million in new taxes, including taxes on cigarettes, bottled water, beer, candy and soda. The taxes were repealed less than a year later after a multimillion-dollar, American Beverage Association-backed initiative.
Murray believes that the Seattle tax would raise $16 million annually to fund programs recommended by the Education Summit Advisory Group.
Already, soda consumption has been declining, though sales of other sweetened drinks such as sports beverages and bottled teas have grown, and obesity rates keep climbing.
The soda industry dismisses the notion that the measures amount to a movement, and says the proposals are being pushed in places more likely to pass them.
"It's sort of a pesky thing that comes up now and then," Susan Neely, president of the American Beverage Association, which represents Coke, Pepsi and others, said before the November election.
Related >> Mayor's office: Murray willing to sue President Trump over executive orders
Murray wants the Seattle tax to fund Birth-to-Five programs such as expansion of the Parent-Child Home Program, and also expand healthy food access through the “Fresh Bucks” program.
“This is the right way for Seattle to do the same and fund programs important to the health and success of so many of our underserved students of color,” Murray said.
They called it a down payment toward the goal of closing racial disparities in education outcomes, but it will require future investments – specifically a statewide education funding from legislators.
“Our commitment to equity will be undermined if lawmakers in Olympia fail to pass a statewide funding plan for basic education that ensures that all students, no matter their ZIP code or background, have equal opportunities for success,” Murray said.
“But we cannot wait. Seattle must keep moving forward.”
Related >> What Philadelphia's sugary drinks tax could mean for Seattle
Information from The Associated Press and MyNorthwest is included in this report.
© 2019 Cox Media Group.
All trams will run on Friday, after the Rail, Tram and Bus Union called off its planned four-hour stoppage at the end of a closed-door negotiation session inside the Fair Work Commission.
The breakthrough in negotiations means public transport will run as normal on Friday, following the union's decision on Tuesday to cancel a planned four-hour train stoppage also.
The union had threatened to shut down Melbourne's train and tram networks after negotiations with Metro and Yarra Trams over a new three-year enterprise bargaining agreement broke down.
Both operators took the union to the Fair Work Commission in an attempt to terminate the protected industrial action, however, the industrial umpire did not have to intervene in either case, with parties agreeing to return to the table for talks in both instances.
The union backdown does not remove the threat of future industrial action. A planned tram stoppage on Thursday next week is still possible, unless Yarra Trams and the union can reach agreement.
"Christmas has no place in the Holy Land," insists Benzion Gopstein, the leader of a far-right Israeli group that has indirectly received support from the government.
According to Gopstein, Christians are "vampires and blood suckers" that must be expelled from Israel, the U.S.' closest ally. "Let us remove the vampires before they once again drink our blood," they wrote in a recent article on an ultra-Orthodox website.
Advertisement:
Gopstein, a religious extremist also known as "Benzi," calls "the Christian Church" Jews' "deadly enemy for hundreds of years," which has used "the maximum tools at its disposal to destroy the Jewish people."
They lament that the "disgust" for Christianity "has disappeared with the 'good life' of the democratic age."
Leading Israeli newspaper Haaretz reported on Gopstein's remarks. It also noted that the Israel Movement for Reform and Progressive Judaism and the Coalition Against Racism have asked the government to investigate.
Gopstein has a long history on the far-right of Israeli politics. In the past, they have publicly insisted that setting fire to Christian churches in Israel is justified.
Their group Lehava, whose name is a Hebrew acronym for "Preventing Assimilation in the Holy Land," has frequently been called "fascist" and "radical right-wing."
Lehava is infamous for violently harassing and threatening Israeli Arabs who are in relationships with Israeli Jews. In the name of fighting "harassment," the far-right group created racist beach patrols in order to prevent Jewish women from interacting with Arab men.
Advertisement:
Its members have also set fire to and vandalized the few remaining bilingual Hebrew-Arabic schools in Israel, and yet are often not charged with hate crimes.
The group has additionally organized boycotts of businesses that employ Palestinians, and has protested against Jews who rent housing in Israel to Palestinians.
Holocaust survivors have warned that Lehava reminds them of the horrors of fascism they experienced.
Many of the group's members, including Gopstein, are followers of Meir Kahane, an Israeli-American fascist leader who founded the extremist Jewish Defense League, which is considered a "right-wing terrorist group" by the U.S. government and a "radical organization that preaches a violent form of anti-Arab, Jewish nationalism" by leading hate group monitor the Southern Poverty Law Center.
Advertisement:
Isaac Herzog, leader of Israel's centrist opposition party the Zionist Union, has called Lehava a "Jewish terrorist organization."
Posts on Gopstein's Facebook page include pictures of some of the few Arab lawmakers there are in Israel that were photoshopped to look like they are being hanged.
Far-right Israeli-American extremist Baruch Goldstein massacred 29 Muslim civilians and injured 125 more at the religious site the Cave of the Patriarchs in Israel in 1994. Lehava and other radical right-wing Israeli organizations consider Goldstein — who, like them, was a follower of Kahane — a hero. At a 2010 ceremony honoring the mass murderer, whom the Israeli government considers a terrorist, the Lehava leader said Goldstein "avenged the enemies of the Jews. We are here to honor their legacy."
Advertisement:
Ties to the government
Despite its violent extremism and a recent crackdown by authorities in the country, nevertheless, Lehava has ties to the Israeli government.
Non-profit, non-partisan organization the Institute for Middle East Understanding (IMEU), which has compiled a fact sheet on Lehava, describes the group as "state-sanctioned incitement."
A May 2011 investigation by Haaretz Magazine found that Lehava's leaders and prominent activists are connected to Hemla, an Israeli government-funded non-profit organization that advocates against Jewish-Arab miscegenation and supports settlers in the illegally occupied West Bank.
Advertisement:
Haaretz noted that, in 2011, Israeli lawmaker Tzipi Hotovely — a prominent member of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's right-wing Likud party, who now serves as Israel's deputy foreign minister — invited Gopstein to testify in Israel's parliament, the Knesset. Gopstein warned lawmakers about miscegenation, and called for them to bring "more talk against assimilation into the schools."
Miscegenation is technically not legal in Israel, because civil marriages are not recognized by the state; only religious marriages are allowed, and must be overseen by the country's religious institutions. Non-Jewish citizens of Israel, therefore, cannot legally get marry Jews; they must travel outside of Israel to wed.
Israel frequently boasts that it is "the only democracy in the Middle East." This assertion is patently false, considering Tunisia, Lebanon, Turkey are democracies — and considering other countries in the Middle East have had democracies, such as Iran and Egypt, which were overthrown and whose coup regimes were supported by the U.S. and Israel.
Yet Israel and its supporters frequently say that Israel protects the rights of people of other religions. The relative impunity that many radical groups like Lehava, or violent settler extremists like those who killed the Dawabshe family in the occupied West Bank, have contradicts this assertion. Christian churches are constantly targeted by arsons and vandalism in Israel, and yet the culprits rarely face serious, long-term punishment.
Advertisement:
Israeli human rights organization Adalah has documented more than 50 laws that directly discriminate against non-Jewish citizens of Israel. Palestinians, and those of other ethnicities and religions, have long said they feel like second- or even third-class citizens in the closely U.S.-allied country.
WASHINGTON — President Trump frequently referred to John F. Kelly as one of “my generals,” the three senior military leaders they recruited for their team. On Friday, Mr. Trump decided to see whether Mr. Kelly, a retired four-star Marine Corps general, could impose a new sense of discipline on an unruly and chaotic West Wing.
Mr. Kelly, who became a star in Mr. Trump's eyes for overseeing immigration policy as secretary of homeland security, will become the president's second chief of staff. They replace Reince Priebus, the establishment Republican who never completely meshed with Mr. Trump. Mr. Priebus was ousted after a nasty public feud with Anthony Scaramucci, the new White House communications director.
The square-jawed Mr. Kelly, the first general to hold the chief of staff position since Alexander M. Haig during the Nixon administration, will be an imposing and strait-laced figure in a West Wing filled with constantly warring aides and advisers, most of whom came to Washington with virtually no experience in federal government before Mr. Trump's victory last year.
“John has also done a spectacular job at Homeland Security,” Mr. Trump wrote on Twitter, calling Mr. Kelly a “great American” and saying they had been a “true star of my Administration.”
[CAPE TOWN] Human activities impact has been associated with climate change -induced floods that occurred in Okavango river basin in southern Africa between 2009 and 2011, according to a modelling study.
The Okavango, a wetland in an arid environment, is a major tourism revenue earner in Angola, Botswana and Namibia.
The researchers from Botswana, South Africa, and the United States who undertook the study say the floods which reached levels last observed 20-30 years ago coincided with similar damaging disasters elsewhere, thus motivating them to assess the impact of climate change on the floods.
They used two climate models to predict how floods would change under two different climatic conditions— one with greenhouse gases resulting from climate change and the other without the gases.
“Greenhouse gases cause temperatures [in the Okavango] to warm quite a bit without any substantial change in rainfall, so the temperature effect becomes important.”
Dáithí Stone, Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, United States
According to the study published in the Journal of Hydrology last month (16 April), human activities increased the amount of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere leading to the planet warming over the past century, thus affecting the Okavango.
“The probability of occurrence of high floods during 2009-2011 in the current climate is likely lower than it would have been in a climate without anthropogenic [human-induced] greenhouse gases,” the researchers note in the journal.
Study co-author, Dáithí Stone from the US-based Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, says changes in temperature and rainfall could affect the amount of water entering the Okavango.
“Because the temperature over this region does not change much from year to year, we are used to thinking of rainfall as being the only important factor,” Stone tellsSciDev.Net. “But it ends up, according to our calculations, that greenhouse gases cause temperatur
es [in the Okavango] to warm quite a bit without any substantial change in rainfall, so the temperature effect becomes important.”
Piotr Wolski, the study's lead author and a climate systems analyst from the University of Cape Town, South Africa, explains that human activities such as developing water resources could break the ecological linkages between the delta and the surrounding Kalahari desert and neighbouring wetland ecosystems.
Wolski, however, warns against using only the results from the Okavango without adding much broader climate change information from other studies.
“As much as we believe in the robustness and quality of our results, we also trust that informed policy making should not be a knee-jerk reaction to an individual study,” advises Wolski.
But Jennifer Fitchett, climate change researcher at Witwatersrand University in South Africa, questions the reliability of the data drawn from short periods such as three years as referred to in the study.
“It's fairly difficult to say how accurate such a model would be,” Fitchett tells SciDev.Net.
Link to abstract in Journal of Hydrology
This article has been produced by SciDev.Net's Sub-Saharan Africa desk.
Broadway for Orlando
Watch this incredible music video!
From Playbill.com:
Broadway's biggest stars united to raise their voices in support of the victims and those wounded in the Orlando shooting massacre, the worst in U.S. history, that took place at Pulse nightclub June 12—an act that targeted LGBTQ individuals and their allies.
The new benefit single, a recording of Burt Bacharach's “What the World Needs Now Is Love,” which is produced in conjunction with Playbill at Avatar Studios, can now be downloaded at BroadwayRecords.com. It will be released on iTunes shortly.
All proceeds from the sale of the song will benefit the LGBT Center of Central Florida. Broadway Records President Van Dean, musical director/media personality Seth Rudetsky and producer James Wesley spearhead the charitable initiative Broadway for Orlando.
Please follow and like us: http://somedayprods.com/talking/broadway-for-orlando-video-awesome/">
Afternoon Update – Friday, May 1st, 2015
Folks,
Happy Friday, all! Today's update is chock-full of lots of information, goodness, and well, stuff. So, without further ado, let's just get the party started.
First, the April newsletter went out today! It has all the usual suspects, and lots of other information as well. Make sure you check it out. If you haven't gotten an email about it, make sure, as usual, to check your email program! If that fails, you can look at it here.
Secondly, as we have talked about the changes to the way we are going to report and show our progress on the game. Well, after no shortage of iteration and idears, we have come up with a methodology that we think will work really well for both the studio and our Backers. The concept is based on the “agile development” model, “user stories,” and “epics.” This method of reporting our progress makes it easier for everybody (Backers and other folks), to see and quickly get a handle on what we're doing, easier than something such as the P.A.T. Checklist.
As the names imply, this approach centers around specific needs and wants from both our Backers and Developers on development, and updating progress on it. They are presented in a fun manner (much like baseball cards) where you can search through the stories, or do a “deep dive” on one in particular by clicking on the card. You can find the first iteration here(http://camelotunchained.com/v2/user-stories/).
We hope that you enjoy this presentation, and since we think this is pretty cool, we expect that this won't be the last time a developer presents information in this manner, going forward. We will continue to iterate on the approach, so please drop by the Forums and let us know what you think. BTW, while we were writing the text for user stories, Dave, one of our programmers, showed us their chops for writing more than just code. When asked for a description of what they were working on, when Tyler had simply called it a “skybowl,” Dave replied, “if you want to call it something fancier then a skybowl, call it an icosphere, since that is what it is an icosahedron that is tesselated and refined along its faces producing a uniform distribution of triangles along the entire surface is called, compared to a UV Sphere where the polygons tend to bunch up at the poles of the sphere!”
Thirdly, as of today, we now have our own official Wiki! We have partnered with the good folks over at Curse to build our own entry on their Gamepedia! As you can imagine, there's a lot of information there, but we are just getting started. So, please head over there(http://camelot.gamepedia.com/Camelot_Unchained_Wiki) and check the thing out! As always, we will welcome those who want to help us make it even better. A special shout-out goes to Foggye who totally kicked butt by earning over 2K points in helping build-out the first version of our Wiki. Way to go Foggye, that was an awesome job! Honorable mention also goes to SpykeDruid, Alianin, Ortu, Guiness and Okablade for also putting in a lot of time and effort. I also want to thank the other people who contributed too such as Mehuge, Raygar, JaironKalach, Hellraise and Linkbry for their help as well.
We've also updated our Fansite kit! For those who are interested in setting up a Fansite, here's the download link (http://camelotunchained.com/upload/Community_Kit4.0.zip)!
If you missed any of our newsletters or would like to return to the days of yore (not pitch and/or roll though, no air-ships in Camelot Unchained yet…), you can check out all the old newsletters collectedhere, for your reading convenience.
For today's dose of art, here's some new concept art for our female Luchorpán, who will be making an appearance in a game build in the coming months.
Not bad eh? Pretty much what we've come to expect from our concept art team of Michelle and Sandra.
And since we recently completed another Stretch Goal, here's a copy of our newest Stretch Duck as well! 🙂
That's today's update! From the new user story page, you can see the progress that we have begun to make on the current stories. We've had to spend a bit of time here moving to Git, Jira, and just getting some new tools in place, so between that and the grey world bug, we've been pretty tied up with more development related/bug hunting than new adds to the game. That has started to change, so the next few weeks should see a lot of new stuff going into the game.
Have a great weekend!
-Mark
Some analysts say that officials in Mr. Abe's administration have been careful to use language that will not alarm the public. In polls, about half those surveyed say they would oppose Japan's acquiring missiles to be used in pre-emptive strikes.
But as North Korea steps up missile launches and nuclear tests, Mr. Abe and their cabinet can make a stronger argument for such missiles. “They can say, ‘Look at what North Korea is doing. Yes, we have to protect ourselves,'” said Jeffrey W. Hornung, a political scientist at the RAND Corporation.
An upgrade of the country's ballistic missile defenses would be a much easier sell politically.
To best protect itself from a missile attack, some experts say, Japan should buy a Terminal High Altitude Area Defense system, or Thaad, which intercepts enemy rockets at higher altitudes than its current land-based systems.
The United States recently completed deploying Thaad in South Korea over vociferous protests from China, which has retaliated against the South by punishing it economically. That response has given some in Japan pause.
Instead, Japan has said it plans to equip and deploy more destroyers with the Aegis missile defense system. The Defense Ministry has also indicated it wants to acquire a land-based system, known as Aegis Ashore, which can intercept missiles above the atmosphere and above Thaad's range.
Still, most experts say that missile defense is hardly foolproof.
“Missile defense is still limited and very expensive, so you have to be somewhat lucky at this point,” said Patrick M. Cronin, senior director of the Asia-Pacific Security Program at the Center for a New American Security in Washington. “To have the political will to fire, you are taking a big gamble. Because if you miss, how does that look?”
Not to brag or anything, but I probably pay less for my dried herbs & spices than you do. I can fill my spice cabinet for about $10.
I'm so excited about this post . . . I've been working on it for weeks and the necessary research included grocery shopping, an impromptu Twitter survey and a *spreadsheet*, and I am a bitch easily excited by things that can only be figured out on a spreadsheet. So here goes: Aleta's Guide to Buying Dried Herbs & Spices on the Cheap. And right up front, I promise the pictures get better as you read along.
When you buy spices & dried herbs at the right places, they go from “pretty expensive and at times cost-prohibitive” to “practically free.” Buying cheap spicery brings with it several very important benefits. Here's a convenient bullet-pointed list of those benefits.
The sudden affordability of grabbing something you haven't tried; if you don't like it, eh . . . it was 43 cents to learn that.
The ability to replace your seasonings as frequently as you're supposed to—6 months for dried herbs, 1 year for ground spices. I replace all mine every three months (mostly because I only buy 3 months' worth at a time) for about $4. And yes, the improvement in taste from fresh spices to the dusty shit in the back of your cabinet is immediately discernible.
Hey, suddenly organic food is cheaper than conventional, how about that.
Obtaining affordable spicery is every bit as simple as locating an organic/health food store or co-op in your area—my personal H&S-supplier is Worcester's own ARTichoke Food Co-Operative. ARTichoke is a really great part of Worcester's community, and just being in the store makes me contentedly smile to myself the entire time. As a frame of reference, I'm a complete bitch at all other times, so that really means something. Also, they were so very accommodating with my request to take photos, and that's pretty cool of them. So if you live in the Metrowest area, please give ARTichoke your business, and consider becoming a member.
Now pretend you're me: at your local co-op grinning like an idiot, you wander to the back to see if they have what I affectionately call “the world's biggest spice rack.”
. . . and chances are, they do. Yes, regardless of size, they're all “World's Biggest” as far as I'm concerned. You'll see a nice variety of spices in bulk, many or all of them organic, still a total steal compared to the grocery store (we'll get to hard numbers in just a minute). The only concern you should have here is how frequently the containers are rotated, and if you're too shy to ask, figure that the more traffic the store gets, the fresher their spices will be.
Most of the prices are between $10 and $20 a pound. This sounds like an awful lot to pay for spices, but you are buying fractions of an ounce, so it's a pretty good deal.
For example, that's three months' worth of oregano (for me) for about 29 cents. So I loaded up on the stuff I use the most for about $3.15. I never throw any away, because I never have to—I buy just the amount I think I'll use, and then I throw in something I've never tried just for fun (this time it was chicory), and I rotate every 3 months.
So let's say you are just moving out of your dorm and setting up your first apartment and you want to fill your spice rack. How much does that cost, and how much can you save by buying the same amounts at the co-op? WELL I AM GLAD YOU ASKED, I HAPPEN TO HAVE A SPREADSHEET HANDY. These are prices at my local Stop & Shop compared to prices at ARTichoke Food Co-op.
(Please note that you do not *need* to buy a full jar's worth, so your price can easily be under $4 for the top ten there).
So for a more established cook like myself, where I already have a bunch of herbs & spices in stock and only really need to replace them one at a time every now and again, the cost savings aren't quite what it would be for our hypothetical college student (I figure it's about $70 a year for me instead of about $26 up front for a new homesteader). But my biggest advantage is being able to afford to replace my H&S extremely frequently. And also, my spices are organic, thrusting my taste in agriculture into the realm of the most gastronomically elite.
Incidentally, ethnic markets are another great place to buy H&S. My local ethnic store of choice is an Indian market, so while they have a wide array of spices, they really don't have any dried herbs at all. But if the co-op is out of something, or I think I'm gonna need A LOT of it (like, 5 times as much as comes in the typical bottle at the grocery store), or if you don't have a co-op or organic bulk store near you, this is another option.
Even though, pound for pound, the Indian bulk prices are a even WAY lower than the co-op prices, this approach doesn't look like it's saving you all that much money. The reason is you can't buy less than a pouch of any of these, and 7oz is A LOT (notice how the average oz in the grocery store is about 1.5oz). Strange, though, how even buying 7 times as much of something is still cheaper. Here comes another spreadsheet.
Fun fact: If you compared the amount you would have to buy at the grocery store to the amount you get at the Indian store, you will save (literally, I calculated it and everything) $135.31 for the top 10 and $483.22 for all 20. I'm not even kidding.
So that's my big secret! I have a littler one, and it's how to fill the glass bottles (the ones you obviously saved from the grocery store herbs and spices) with the co-op feed without using a funnel. I actually figured this out just the other night as I was taking pictures for this post, so I'm feeling awfully clever at the moment. But it's so simple, it doesn't even require words:
And that's it! Throw some scotch tape on there, write the name of the spices with a Sharpie (I still can't tell cayenne from paprika without a risky sniff test), and you are fully-equipped to throw in cavalier handfuls of seasoning into your next spaghetti sauce.
Congratulations, you are finally free of the economic oppression placed upon you by your local grocery store!
I already asked Twitter, but if you aren't on Twitter or feel like stating it again for perpetuity, what are your top ten most-used herbs and spices?
And, if I can manage it, look for a bonus post tomorrow on something you can do with all your fancy new (suddenly inexpensive) herbs and spices. Cheers, dear readers! Forget it, maybe another time.
0
20th Century Fox has released the final Dawn of the Planet of the Apes trailer less than a week after the previous trailer. No matter—everything Fox has shown us from Dawn looks great. The follow-up takes place 10 years after the events of the first film and finds Caesar (Andy Serkis) attempting to assert their dominance over the apes while a small human colony struggles to survive in San Francisco. I enjoyed Rise of the Planet of the Apes and I am thrilled to see the sequel take a giant step forward and dive deep into a new world. My only hesitation is the Gary Oldman character, who still looks like the obnoxious, militant villain who barrels over reasonable protagonists. But I trust director Matt Reeves (Cloverfield) hired Oldman for a reason and hope the role is more nuanced outside brief clips.
Jason Clarke, Keri Russell, Gary Oldman, Toby Kebbell, Kodi Smit-McPhee, Kirk Acevedo, Enrique Murciano, and Judy Greer also star in the July 11 release. Watch the final Dawn of the Planet of the Apes trailer after the break.
Here's the official synopsis for Dawn of the Planet of the Apes:
A growing nation of genetically evolved apes led by Caesar is threatened by a band of human survivors of the devastating virus unleashed a decade earlier. They reach a fragile peace, but it proves short-lived, as both sides are brought to the brink of a war that will determine who will emerge as Earth's dominant species.
Click here for all our Apes coverage or browse recent links below:
Av Jason Hirthler
Vi er et imperium nå, og når vi handler, skaper vi vår egen virkelighet.
– Karl Rove, da han snakket til en liten gruppe journalister på et cocktailparty i 2004
Adjektivet «orwellsk» er utslitt, mest fordi det er så utrolig passende på daglig basis. George Orwells grunnleggende idé gjenspeiler et enkelt faktum i propaganda: Det du gjemmer, er ofte gjemt bak nøyaktig det motsatte. Orwell uttrykte dette konseptet i 1984 med styresmaktenes slagord, «Krig er fred», «Uvitenhet er styrke» og «Frihet er slaveri.»
Den østerrikske psykologen Sigmund Freud foreslo tydeligvis noe lignende om menneskets natur: For å oppdage vår sanne menneskelige natur, trenger vi bare å vrenge samfunnets moralske krav: Hvis et bud forbyr horeri, er det fordi vi ønsker å bedrive det.
Med andre ord, for både Orwell og Freud, gjemmer vi ofte hva vi gjør bak påstander om at vi gjør det motsatte. Vi begår ikke utroskap; vi praktiserer troskap. Vi begynner ikke kriger; vi jobber for fred. Vi kjemper ikke for vår egeninteresse; vi gjør alt for andre.
Når det gjelder amerikansk propaganda, er formelen åpenbar. For å oppdage hva styresmaktene gjemmer, er det bare å vrenge fortellingen i media. Hvis alle avisene sier Russland er en imperialistisk aggressor, er det sannsynlig fordi Washington er det. Hvis nyhetene sier at Assad er et morderisk monster, er det sannsynlig fordi gruppene vi støtter er det. Hvis mainstream sier at kommunismen er en alvorlig trussel, er det sannsynlig fordi kapitalismen er en alvorlig trussel. Alle disse eksemplene er beviselig sanne.
Det som forvirrer mange lesere er at det første premisset – at Russland, Assad og kommunisme alle er trusler – har vanligvis et element av sannhet i seg, men ikke i den grad det er framstilt. Og derfor driver intelligent propaganda ikke bare med løgner, men heller med halvsannheter, forvrengninger og utelatelser. Disse metodene er ment å forsterke en allerede forvrengt fortelling. Det er denne sofistikerte blandingen av fakta, fiksjon, overdrivelser og utelatelser som gjør propaganda så vanskelig å skjære gjennom for den gjennomsnittlige leseren. Hun eller han har som regel liten tid, tilbøyelighet og trening i å tyde doktriner som er skapt og fremmet av staten.
Omvendt virkelighet
Hvis Freud har rett, så har vi en tendens til å offentlig benekte våre sterkeste ønsker når de strider mot rådende moral. Vi beskytter vår nedrige ønsker bak et forheng av selvrettferdighet, selv mens vi i det stille tilfredsstiller dem.
Eksempler på dette hos moderne styresmaker er uendelige. Eksempel: FISA-domstolen legitimerer overvåkingen den ble laget for å begrense. Eksempel: Nasjonalforsamlingen er hjelpegutt for den utøvende makten den ble opprettet for å kontrollere. Eksempel: ‘Forsvar' blir til den aggresjonen det var bygget for å forsvare seg mot. Eksempel: Helsevesenet blir et byråkrati bygget på nekting av omsorg i omsorgens navn.
Eksempel: Journalistikk. Den fjerde statsmakten var ment å avsløre sannheter. I stedet blir den motstanderen av sannheten den var ment å beskytte. Journalister driver stenografi av det makten ønsker.
Flere eksempler: Som parlamentarikerne som strør sand på ting allerede bestemt av regjeringen. Som politiet som setter opp feller for innbyggere for å beskytte dem. Som dronene som ødelegger liv for å redde dem. Som medborgere som viser sine liberale verdier til støtte for imperialistiske erobringer. Som forkjempere for sosiale rettferdighet som fastlegger ved lov den intoleransen de prøver å utrydde.
Det ser ut til å være en sosiopolitisk sannhet at å hevde en verdi, garanterer en oppblomstring av det motsatte. Eller er det at vi er psykologisk nødt til å hevde vi står for en moralsk verdi for å skjule en oppblomstring av en synd?
Prosessen med å snu en sak til det motsatte er ganske enkel. Hvis vi bryter menneskerettighetene aggressivt, må det omskrives som et forsvar for menneskerettighetene. Hva dette i praksis betyr er å bytte rollene som hver av aktørene innehar i fortellingen. Heltene blir skurker; skurkene blir helter; Og ofrene er enten ekte ofre eller skurker som avbildes som martyrer. For en god sak, må skjønne. Dette krever at man må romantisere sin egen side, demonisere fienden og gråte høylydt over ofrene. Og så, som forfatteren av Mein Kampf anbefalte, hold det enkelt. Din side vil ha en ting: fred. Din fiende vil ha en ting: krig. Og ofrene vil ha en ting: frihet.
Bevismateriale A
Ta Syria som et nylig eksempel. Mediefortellingen sier at the USA og deres frihetselskende allierte har forsiktig støttet en løs konføderasjon av opprørere som gjorde opprør mot den syriske tyrannen Bashar al-Assad i 2011. I virkeligheten har USA og deres frihetshatende allierte i stor skala støttet en løs konføderasjon av utenlandske terrorister som har blitt betalt for å styrte den valgte syriske presidenten Bashar al-Assad. Bare sporadisk antydes den virkelige bakgrunnen, som inkluderer svekkelse av sterke sjiamuslimske stater og destabiliseringen av uavhengige stater i regionen.
Ved å snu sannheten opp-ned for å rettferdiggjøre sin aggressive krig, grep staten og dens medhjelpere i mediene fatt i en håndfull fakta. De brukte så disse som basis for å konstruerte en løgnaktig historisk fortelling. Som man bør forvente fra Orwell/Freud-modellen.
Og så … Var det elementer av det syriske sivile samfunn som protesterte Assad i 2011? Absolutt. Finnes det egentlig syrere som kjemper mot Assad nå? Sikkert. Er det elementer av korrupsjon og undertrykkelse i Assads historie? Helt sikkert. Men hver av disse sannhetene blir bruk til å skjule de mye større faktaene om en meget stor amerikansk aggresjon.
På denne grunnlaget konstrueres den typiske fortellingen. USAs regjering romantiseres som en snill mellommann som er opptatt av å støtte frihetskamper og hjelpe innbyggerne oppnå de frihetene de har lengtet etter. Assad demoniseres som en autokratisk massemorder som gjentatte ganger nektet dem disse frihetene og torturerer tusenvis før han brenner likene. Og det syriske folket, som lider av den største flyktningkrisen siden 2. verdenskrig, blir vist som krigens ofre. Dette særlig i Aleppo, hvor ødeleggelsen av byen i et forsøk på å bli kvitt terrorhæren ble brukt til melke så mye følelsesmessig innhold fra krigen som mulig og for å bekrefte Assads rykte som et umoralsk monster.
Mainstream media stoppet ikke der. Det fulgte opp med en rekke forsøk på å demonisere Assad videre. De kom med en stor samling bilder som angivelig viste «regimets» tortur. Denne samlingen ble forsynt av en som heter «Caesar«, en avhopper som ikke er ulik den falske avhopperen, «Curveball» fra Irak-krigen i 2003. To ganger har angrep under falske flagg blitt brukt for å hevde at den onde øyelegen i Damaskus i et raserianfall krevde at uskyldige syrere skulle sprøytes med kjemiske våpen. Nå er det tale om et «krematorium,» der Assad tilsynelatende kremerer alle de syriske borgerne han slakter (angivelig fordi han hater menneskeheten så mye).
Det er ikke særlig viktig om disse historiene til slutt viser seg oppdiktede når bevisene til slutt viser seg utilstrekkelige. Skaden er gjort på lesernes og lytternes sinn. De suger til seg rapportene fra media med ukritisk aksept, lik et dyr som sendes til et slakteri.
Takfiri-leiesoldatene som Vesten brakte til Syria for å styre Assad, blir også romantisert av pressen. I stedet for å beskrive terroristene vi støttet som ekstremister, publiserer de historier der de er moderate. Halshugginger av barn, kasting av homofile fra hustak, bruk av borgere som menneskelige skjold, iscenesatte redningsoperasjoner og mange andre grusomheter, klarer ikke å forhindre at media fortsetter med denne fortellingen like ufortrødent.
Ingen hurtig løsning
Som du kan se, er det ingen mangel på muligheter til å bruke ordet ‘orwellsk' som beskrivelse av moderne journalistikk. Når det er sagt, sier jeg ikke at journalistene [..] er utspekulerte propagandister som bevisst forbereder bedrageriske reportasjer. For hver Edward Bernays er det et dusin vanlige reportere. Ofte har de ganske enkelt internalisert verdiene i institusjonen som ansetter dem. De skjønner, kanskje bevisst eller ubevisst, at deres karriere er avhengig av deres vilje til å følge en bestemt fortelling. Og når de gjør sitt valg, rasjonaliserer de seg fram til en ren samvittighet.
Dette er ingen overraskelse. Mennesket er mestere i selvbedrag. Og det er psykologiske behov som virker viktigere for oss enn sannheten. Nemlig behovet for å føle at man selv er god og at man har tro på sin egen stamme; Ting som behovet for å plassere verden i en forståelig fortelling, behovet for å passe inn i blandt sine kolleger og behovet for å utføre meningsfylt arbeid og oppnå selvrealisering i samfunnet.
Poenget er at alle disse behovene blir undergravd av venstresidas opposisjonelle fortellinger. Ting som er i strid med vår virkelighetsoppfatning destabiliserer vår avgrensede og rene forståelse av verden. Hvis man godtar slike ting, utstøter det ofte oss fra vår gruppe; Og de truer vår evne til å bidra til samfunnet på en måte som er godkjent av samfunnet (dvs. generelt ved å bidra til forbruks-maskineriet).
Hvem har tid til å sakte danne et nytt verdenssyn, spesielt hvis det kan føre til sosial fremmedgjøring? Det er derfor at å bare kaste fakta mot mennesker skikkelig indoktrinert med propaganda ofte ikke virker. Det er andre krefter i spill, noe som kan minne oss om at politikken ofte ikke er noe annet enn et verdisignal for mennesker.
Så de fleste av oss, uansett tegnene vi av og til mottar om en alternativ virkelighet, vil slå seg til ro med å ikke gjøre noe upassende, unngå politiske debatter og bruke så lite støtende meninger i vår tale som vi kan.
(Den eneste andre store utveien er å godta den ideologiske konkursen av ‘det mindre ondet' og beklage seg over hvor fryktelig høyresida er. Dette får en til å føle seg som en del av gruppen, men det gjør ingenting for å forbedre samfunnet.)
Med andre ord, vi lenker oss selv til politisk gruppetenkning og spiller rollen som en samvittighetsfull person med de ufarlige allmenne meningene som enhver god person bør ha. Vi har ingen tid for de fattiges revolusjonerende hastverk.
Det var Dostojevskijs storinkvisitor som hevdet at folk ikke ønsker intellektuell frihet, men heller å bli fortalt hva de skal tro. Først da vil de være lykkelige. Ellers ødelegger vi vår sjelero gjennom valglammelse eller en eller annen eksistensiell angst, eller gjennom en mangel på religiøs tro som ikke gir oss den veiledende myten vi trenger for å opprettholde vårt selvbilde.
Gitt alle disse apolitiske faktorene som bestemmer om man skal utfordre den aksepterte fortellingen, er det noen overraskelse at mentalt slaveri og uvitenhet er like utbredt i dag som på Orwells tid?
Med vennlig tillatelse fra Jason Hirthler. Oversatt med noen mindre endringer. Han er forfatter og veteran i kommunikasjonsbransjen, og har skrevet for mange politiske nettsteder. Han bor og arbeider i New York City.
Reklamer
Image copyright Science Photo Library Image caption Threatening mosquitoes on Twitter could get you banned from the platform
A Twitter user in Japan has been banned from using the social networking site for making a death threat against a mosquito.
Tweeting abuse would sometimes get you banned from the platform but Twitter's decision to ban user @nemuismywife has attracted ridicule on social media.
It started on 20 August when they were repeatedly bitten by a mosquito as they were watching TV.
After killing the mosquito, they tweeted: "Where do you get off biting me all over while I'm just trying to relax and watch TV? Die! (Actually you're already dead)." They added a picture of a dead insect to their tweet.
Image copyright @nemuismywife/Twitter
Some time later they received a message from Twitter saying their account had been frozen and cannot be reactivated.
They set up a new Twitter account, @DaydreamMatcha, to criticise Twitter's decision.
They tweeted: "My previous account was permanently frozen after I said I killed a mosquito. Is this a violation?"
Their angry tweet was retweeted more than 31,000 times and liked more than 27,000 Twitter users:
Twitter has rolled out a number of new measures and tools to curb online abuse and harassment on its platform.
Some reports claimed the tweet was flagged by an automated programme and not by a human moderator.
US business magazine Fortune reported that Twitter launched an algorithm to detect abusive behaviour by looking and picking up key offensive words.
Educator Nancy Behrens speaks to a crowd of people at the Albany Public Library during the first public forum on the Albany Aquarium Monday, July 15, 2013 in Albany, N.Y. (Lori Van Buren / Times Union) Educator Nancy Behrens speaks to a crowd of people at the Albany Public Library during the first public forum on the Albany Aquarium Monday, July 15, 2013 in Albany, N.Y. (Lori Van Buren / Times Union) Photo: Lori Van Buren Photo: Lori Van Buren Image 1 of / 13 Caption Close Omni pays for study of Albany aquarium 1 / 13 Back to Gallery
Albany
Mayor Jerry Jennings told Omni Development that if the firm wants to study the possibility of a downtown aquarium idea the firm has been pushing, Omni should pay for it.
Now, Omni is.
The company announced Wednesday that it has hired Cambridge, Mass., consulting firm ConsultEcon to study the feasibility of the idea, which it formally proposed in June after years of informal, back-channel discussion.
ConsultEcon has worked on aquarium projects worldwide, including Egypt, Angola, Australia, Ireland and Italy. Domestically, the firm has worked on aquariums in Baltimore, Atlanta, Chicago, Charleston, Chattanooga, Portland, Maine, and Camden, N.J.
"Everybody's busy doing other things, and the mayor has their eye on the convention center at the moment," Omni President I. David Swawite said of the reason their company has taken the initiative. "I think we've waited way too long to focus on transformational projects that are going to be very positive for the city and for the region."
Omni is pushing for an aquarium built on land off Broadway that was supposed to be the site of the city's new downtown convention center, which will now likely be built elsewhere, if at all. That land is adjacent to property Omni owns that had been envisioned as part of the convention center footprint.
Yet Jennings and convention center officials have been openly skeptical, or worse, of Omni's proposal.
Albany Convention Center Authority Chairman Gavin Donohue called it "a terrible idea and is unsupportable under any basic economic development theories."
Swawite, meanwhile, has billed the aquarium as a potentially transformative idea for downtown, drawing parallels to the rebound of downtown Chattanooga, Tenn., alongside its successful aquarium.
One of the criticisms leveled at the idea, however, has been that Omni proposed the plan for land it does not own and without a formal analysis of how much it would cost or whether the market could support it.
But Swawite said he's confident ConsultEcon's review, which will focus on the off-Broadway site, will answer many of those critiques.
"Some of those comments are unwarranted, and I think people are making statements not knowing really all of the facts," Swawite said, declining to reveal how much their firm is spending on the study. "I think it's going to show the market potential, and knowing the market potential you're able to determine what the sizing of the aquarium should be."
Sarah Reginelli, director of economic development for the Capitalize Albany Corp., the city's economic development arm, welcomed Omni's study as a piece of a larger planning effort being undertaken by the city and businesses to shape the future of downtown, which has been increasingly marketed as a residential area.
"From our perspective, it comes at a good time that they're doing the in-depth work that they'll be doing on that potential project," Reginelli said, adding that the downtown tactical plan now getting underway will include a look at the convention center site.
That study will take between nine and 12 months and will try, among other things, to zero in on the best use for that land, they said.
"That is just one option for that site," Reginelli said. "It's a huge opportunity, and we want to make sure that we're making the best of it. ... It's not often that you have that much developable real estate in an urban core."
A 1997 study for the Downtown Albany Business Improvement District pitched the idea of a $20 million to $30 million aquarium on the city's waterfront.
Since Omni went public with its idea, the convention center authority has — for unrelated reasons — publicly begun studying building a scaled-down facility on a different site close to the Capitol off Eagle and Howard streets, which would free the roughly four acres eyed by Omni for other development. But convention center officials have said it's premature to discuss the future of that land.
The first phase of the new study's results are expected to be complete by the end of the September.
jcarleo-evangelist@timesunion.com • 518-454-5445 • @JCEvangelist_TU
The draw for the FIFA Club World Cup Morocco 2014 was held last night with the winners of the AFC Champions League on the same side of the draw as Real Madrid. With the Western Sydney Wanderers contesting the ACL Final against Al Hilal, the winner of those two will qualify for the Club World Cup entering at the Quarter Final stage.
The Quarter Final match will be against CONCACAF winners Cruz Azul of Mexico with UEFA Champions Real Madrid to meet the victors in the Semi-Final.
On the other side of the draw, the winner of the CAF Champions League final (AS Vita Club of Congo DR vs ES Setif of Algeria) will face the winner of Matchday 1 between Moghreb Athletic de Tetouan of the host nation Morocco and Auckland City FC of New Zealand.
The winner will then play San Lorenzo of Argentina who booked their semi-final spot by winning the Copa Libertadores.
Benedict XVI will fly from Rome to Madrid but their attendance at the World Youth Day festival will be overshadowed by anger over the 50 million euro cost of the event – excluding security and policing.
Protesters said it was "scandalous" that Spain was being asked to foot the bill for such an "ostentatious" event when the country was mired in an economic crisis, with unemployment running at 45 per cent among people under the age of 25.
More than 100 groups opposed to the 84-year-old pontiff's visit took to the streets of Madrid last night (wed), including gay rights advocates, secularists, Catholic priests and members of the "indignados" movement against economic mismanagement and political corruption.
They united under the slogan "The Pope's visit – not with my taxes" and claimed the true cost of the celebrations could come to more than 100 million euros.
"We criticise this scandalous show at a time of such a terribly distressing economic situation, with entire families unemployed," said Evaristo Villar, of Redes Cristianos (Christian Networks).
"This ostentation is causing a lot of damage and distancing a lot of people."
A kiss-in by hundreds of gays and lesbians will be held to protest against the Roman Catholic Church's "moral condemnations of sexuality", according to one of the groups organising the event.
Benedict was confronted by a similar protest when they visited Barcelona in November.
On Tuesday police arrested a Mexican chemistry student suspected of planning a gas attack against the protesters. Police did not say whether the man, named as Jose Perez Bautista, had the capability to carry out an attack.
Investigators who searched their flat in a wealthy area of Madrid said they had tried to recruit people via the internet to help them in the plot.
The Pope will be welcomed today (thurs) in Madrid's Cebeles Square, where a huge white stage has been constructed, as they tour the city in their white "pope-mobile".
They will hold a prayer vigil on Saturday evening at an airbase southwest of the capital, before celebrating Mass on Sunday morning in front of a huge crowd.
Around 200 sail-shaped white confessionals have been opened in the city's Retiro Park, where priests will take confessions in 30 languages from pilgrims who have converged on Madrid from around the world.
The priests have been given special dispensation to welcome back into the Church women who admit to having had an abortion – a sin normally punishable by excommunication.
"This is to make it easier for the faithful who attend the World Youth Day celebrations to obtain the fruits of divine grace," the Madrid archdiocese said in a statement.
The Pope themselves will sit in one of the booths on Saturday to hear confessions from three pilgrims.
An auxiliary of the online business monster Amazon.com Inc. enrolled three new area names that apparently identify with the blockchainspace: amazoncryptocurrencies.com, amazoncryptocurrency.com, and amazonethereum.com.
As per the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers' WHOIS benefit, the real holder of these URLs is “Hostmaster, Amazon Legal Department.”
None of the locales are right now reachable, and it is hazy whether the move to enroll the areas flags an exertion on Amazon's part to enter the blockchain field or speaks to simply an endeavor by the web retailer to secure its image by keeping unaffiliated gatherings from propelling sites that dishonestly seem, by all accounts, to be associated with the parent organization.
While bits of gossip have as of late whirled around the likelihood of Amazon tolerating cryptographic money as a type of installment, the organization has not tended to the chatter. Overstock.com, Inc., an Amazon contender, announced in August that its stage would acknowledge virtual monetary forms, including Ether. Overload had beforehand made invasions into the universe of blockchain innovation with the advancement of its Medici stage and It's choice to issue stock on an appropriated record.
Advertisements
Star Wars Imperial Wall Paper
When it comes to Horrible Dudes, it doesn't get much worse than Darth Vader.
They and their Imperial Forces are some of the Horrible-est around. So horrible, in fact, that they're not just on the Bad Side, they're on the DARK Side. Whenever I think of Darth Vader death-gripping that guy from across the table without even laying a finger on him, yet STILL causing them to pass out from choking, I shudder. And then I think: “MAN, he's grouchy! I am nowhere NEAR as grouchy as that guy. Anyone who blows up their Home Planet has got serious Anger Management issues, and I, for one, am super happy it's not ME.” So, when I found this new Imperial Wall Paper, I had to have it immediately; it's my perfect dose of Daily Validation that I'm not such a bad guy after all. With all the Bad Dudes of the Dark Side, including Boba and the Storm Troopers, staring me in the face every morning while I brush my teeth, I can't help but feel a little better about myself. I straighten my spine a bit, toothpaste dribbling on my chin, and think: “Wow. There are people out there much horribler than you, Jen. Way to go, my friend. Way to GO!”
Re: XY Problem
(Abbot) on Apr 11, 2006 at 06:12 UTC by wfsp on Apr 11, 2006 at 06:12 UTC
The proscriptive XYZ. I want to do X and I know you'll all tell me to use Y but I need to use Z. I can't use Y and I'm not going to explain, I have to use Z and I won't explain that either. update 1: Don't waste your time telling me about Y.
update 2: Look, I have to use Z. Just tell me how to use Z.
update 3: I give up, you're all fools Hope that helps :-)
Re^2: XY Problem
(Priest) on Apr 11, 2006 at 14:20 UTC by ptum on Apr 11, 2006 at 14:20 UTC
wfsp++ Ha! You gave my my first out-loud laugh of the day ... thanks. :) I think I saw an example of an XYZ problem of this nature just the other day, here in PerlMonks. I particularly liked update 3, very clever. Again, thanks.
No good deed goes unpunished. -- (attributed to) Oscar Wilde
Re: XY Problem
(Parson) on May 10, 2006 at 13:59 UTC by jonadab on May 10, 2006 at 13:59 UTC
update 2: Look, I have to use Z. Just tell me how to use Z. Heh. Smells like poorly-designed homework, from a prof who's more interested in following grocery lists of programming "skills" to teach than in actually teaching the skill of good programming.
Re^2: XY Problem
(Hermit) on Feb 10, 2011 at 15:07 UTC by Voronich on Feb 10, 2011 at 15:07 UTC
Ahhh... what you said. The problem I have most frequently is that I really do know I need to do Z and the explanation as to why is really not germane. But... people love to 'be smart' so they start prying. The trick, I suppose, is distinguishing between the two types of queries. http://www.mpwilson.com/uccu/
Re: XY Problem
(Monsignor) on Apr 10, 2006 at 21:08 UTC by xdg on Apr 10, 2006 at 21:08 UTC
Some related problems: YX Problem : You explain that you want to do X and instead of an answer you're asked "Why would you want to do X?"
XZ Problem : You ask how to get X to work and you're told to do Z instead.
XYZABC Problem : You ask how to do X and after suggesting or getting an answer Y, you get four more alternatives for doing the same thing and no way to choose between them.
XYZPDQ Problem: You ask how to do X and after suggesting or getting an answer Y, you get four alternatives that would be more efficient regardless of whether that is important to you or not. Humor aside, as Not_a_Number said, ++ for giving us an easy way to point someone to their XY Problem. -xdg Code written by xdg and posted on PerlMonks is public domain. It is provided as is with no warranties, express or implied, of any kind. Posted code may not have been tested. Use of posted code is at your own risk.
Re: XY Problem
(Sage) on Apr 11, 2006 at 02:10 UTC by merlyn on Apr 11, 2006 at 02:10 UTC
Then there's always the XYZ Problem : They ask how to do Z, but that's because they think they want to do Y and think that Z will get them there, but really it's because they're a lunkhead, and that's the main (X) problem. Tongue-in-cheek, of course. -- Randal L. Schwartz, Perl hacker
Be sure to read my standard disclaimer if this is a reply.
Re: XY Problem
(Vicar) on Apr 10, 2006 at 18:59 UTC by rhesa on Apr 10, 2006 at 18:59 UTC
And here I was thinking they were referring to my chromosomes! ;^)
Re: XY Problem
(Archbishop) on Apr 10, 2006 at 19:04 UTC by zentara on Apr 10, 2006 at 19:04 UTC
If X and Y fail to please, just move on to the Z's :-) I'm not really a human, but I play one on earth. I'm not really a human, but I play one on earth. flash japh
don't forget prophylactics
Re: XY Problem
(Prior) on Apr 10, 2006 at 19:55 UTC by Not_a_Number on Apr 10, 2006 at 19:55 UTC
Excellent++! We can now post a succinct reply along the lines of "I think you have an XY Problem. You are asking us how to do Y, but ..."
Re: XY Problem
(Parson) on Apr 10, 2006 at 22:39 UTC by eric256 on Apr 10, 2006 at 22:39 UTC
XYP Problem: You posted problem X and inquired about solution Y, but it turns out that you spelled it (P)ERL.
___________
Eric Hodges
Re: XY Problem
(Parson) on Apr 11, 2006 at 15:13 UTC by swampyankee on Apr 11, 2006 at 15:13 UTC
Then there is the (thankfully rare) "my problem is X. I've tried Y." then the respondent gives a perfect solution to an entirely different problem. I think I'm guilty of this, at least once.... emc "Being forced to write comments actually improves code, because it is easier to fix a crock than to explain it. "
—G. Steele "Being forced to write comments actually improves code, because it is easier to fix a crock than to explain it. "
Re^2: XY Problem
(Canon) on May 28, 2007 at 19:33 UTC by blazar on May 28, 2007 at 19:33 UTC
Then there is the (thankfully rare) "my problem is X. I've tried Y." then the respondent gives a perfect solution to an entirely different problem. I'm revising this thread to check whether a particular XY* problem may be here, and if not, then possibly add it: I noticed your entry and it occurs to me that it may be described as an XYℵ problem!
Re: XY Problem
(Bishop) on Apr 10, 2006 at 20:59 UTC by CountZero on Apr 10, 2006 at 20:59 UTC
The ABC of the XY(Z) problem. ++ CountZero "If you have four groups working on a compiler, you'll get a 4-pass compiler." - Conway's Law
Re: XY Problem
(Bishop) on Apr 11, 2006 at 15:14 UTC by jeffa on Apr 11, 2006 at 15:14 UTC
Completely unrelated to Perl (but still maintaining a modicum of relevance to this thread) is the YYZ Problem: you want to play the drum solo from the Rush song, YYZ, but you aren't (and never will be) Neil Peart. :/ jeffa L-LL-L--L-LL-L--L-LL-L-- -R--R-RR-R--R-RR-R--R-RR B--B--B--B--B--B--B--B-- H---H---H---H---H---H--- (the triplet paradiddle with high-hat)
Re^2: XY Problem
(Monsignor) on Apr 11, 2006 at 17:44 UTC by bassplayer on Apr 11, 2006 at 17:44 UTC
s/drum solo/bassline/;
s/Neil Peart/Geddy Lee/;
bassplayer
Re: XY Problem
(Curate) on Apr 12, 2006 at 12:24 UTC by gam3 on Apr 12, 2006 at 12:24 UTC
In case you thought this is a new problem you might want to read the first chapter of Jon Bently's book Programming Pearls (ISBN 0201657880) that was originally published in 1989. In article Cracking the Oyster starts with: "The programmer's question was simple ... my mistake was to answer their question". They then goes on to discuss how they get at the programmer's real problem. -- gam3
A picture is worth a thousand words, but takes 200K.
New? 1989? I started programming as a H.S. student in 1965 and it wasn't much later that I first encountered and identified the problem of fellow students asking how to do something that wasn't really what they wanted to do. Later, as a professional, I learned that this was codified in the notion of requirements ... something that most hackers don't seem to know much about.
Re: XY Problem
(Chaplain) on Jan 07, 2007 at 00:46 UTC by OfficeLinebacker on Jan 07, 2007 at 00:46 UTC
I didn't even know there was a name for this! There's a guy with whom I work who often responds to my questions with "Why don't you just tell me exactly what you're trying to do?" (meaning I do lots of XY) I just sent them an email and the format of it was I have problem X. Y is the way I think the solution would work, but here's a full explanation of X (and please pardon the verbosity): blah blah blah What do you think? I must admit to a little bit of pride for remembering how they tended to answer my questions and creating a request that (I hope) will result in better communication.
And I think this node is really neat. I like computer programming because it's like Legos for the mind.
Re: XY Problem
(Canon) on May 28, 2007 at 19:32 UTC by blazar on May 28, 2007 at 19:32 UTC
(Late addition) XWTFITL Problem: You want to do X, and you have no clue about how to do it. Instead of asking about X, you ask about... hey, WTF is that letter? (That is, something one can hardly make sense of.)
Re^2: XY Problem
(Initiate) on Sep 24, 2010 at 02:04 UTC by lantfred on Sep 24, 2010 at 02:04 UTC
You ask question X You get solution Y, which is 75% of X, the solution you really need Persevere and you can turn Solution Y into your solution X .....A die hard programmer....
Re: XY Problem
(Curate) on Apr 03, 2007 at 15:27 UTC by Moron on Apr 03, 2007 at 15:27 UTC
This looks like an example case of the open block. -M Free your mind
Re: XY Problem
(Chancellor) on Oct 22, 2015 at 19:09 UTC by shmem on Oct 22, 2015 at 19:09 UTC
Until now, not mentioned: the YZ problem. You are used to qwertz, but, at the console, your server has qwerty. Verz funnz.
Where is the pipe char, damnit? perl -le'print map{pack c,($-++?1:13)+ord}split//,ESEL'
Re^2: XY Problem
(Monsignor) on Oct 23, 2015 at 07:04 UTC by hdb on Oct 23, 2015 at 07:04 UTC
Shift plus bottom row most left key (UK mapping, not sure about US). My solution to the YZ problem is to use an unlabeled keyboard to avoid the eye being misled about the actual key mapping.
Re^3: XY Problem
(Chancellor) on Oct 23, 2015 at 10:00 UTC by shmem on Oct 23, 2015 at 10:00 UTC
(UK mapping, not sure about US). On the US keymap \| are where #~ are on the UK keymap. My solution to the YZ problem is to use an unlabeled keyboard to avoid the eye being misled about the actual key mapping. For the same reason I have a blank keyboard, too ;-) - and I use it mostly in the UK layout, which I found most suitable for perl programming. perl -le'print map{pack c,($-++?1:13)+ord}split//,ESEL'
Re: XY Problem
(Friar) on Dec 21, 2014 at 08:36 UTC by wrog on Dec 21, 2014 at 08:36 UTC
I think my favorite statement/version of this is when it's expressed in the form: Some people, when they have a problem with X say,
"I know! I'll use Y..."
Now they have two problems.
Re^2: XY Problem
(Canon) on Dec 21, 2014 at 17:59 UTC by jdporter on Dec 21, 2014 at 17:59 UTC
Yeah, that's not really the same as an XY problem, though.
What? Yes it is. Plus, it's meant to be funny, and I think it is. It's just a play on a famous quote, one variant of which is Some people, when confronted with a problem, think "I know, I'll use regular expressions." Now they have two problems. http://programmers.stackexchange.com/questions/223634/what-is-meant-by-now-you-have-two-problems
http://regex.info/blog/2006-09-15/247
http://www.xkcd.com/1171/
Re^4: XY Problem
(Canon) on Dec 25, 2014 at 05:32 UTC by jdporter on Dec 25, 2014 at 05:32 UTC
Re^5: XY Problem
(Friar) on Dec 27, 2014 at 10:31 UTC by wrog on Dec 27, 2014 at 10:31 UTC
By JAMES SLACK
Last updated at 08:41 19 February 2008
Lord Carlile: Wants Asbos instead
Terror suspects placed under control orders have been given perks worth almost £300,000 in under three years - including free phone calls, gas and electricity.
Control orders are given to suspects who are thought to be a grave danger to national security, but cannot be prosecuted by the courts.
The cash is paid to those who claim the terms of their order, which can include curfews of 12 hours or more, prevent them from getting a job.
Out of the 31 terror suspects placed under the orders since 2005, 13 have been entitled to special payments. They have received an average of £22,460 each.
They qualify for free phone rental and calls, and have their gas, electric and council tax bills paid.
They are also entitled to housing support and, if they are would-be refugees, asylum payments.
In total, the 13 have received £292,900, including £196,700 last year. The bill emerged in Freedom of Information requests, submitted by the Mail.
Shadow Home Secretary David Davis said: "This is further evidence of the costs of the Government's control order regime.
"While doing much to undermine our fundamental freedoms they are ineffective at protecting our safety - and hugely expensive to administer.
"The Government should be doing all they can to prosecute and if possible imprison or deport terror suspects rather than relying on this poor substitute."
Matthew Elliott, of the Taxpayers' Alliance, said: "Control orders only exist because the Government is so tied up in human rights legislation that it can't deport terror suspects or lock them up.
"The idea that taxpayers have to give terror suspects even a penny is deplorable. Honest, law-abiding families are struggling to pay high taxes, increased charges and rising utility bills, so they shouldn't be expected to support people who we have serious reason to believe are a threat to our security."
The cost of the orders emerged as Lord Carlile, who reviews anti-terror legislation for the Government, called for some control order suspects to be served with Asbos instead.
They said "light touch orders", with only limited restrictions on movement, were ineffective.
In their annual report on the control order regime, the peer added: "Other measures may be more appropriate - perhaps Anti-Social Behaviour Orders, or civil proceedings for an injunction against specified activities."
Their report confirmed that seven control order suspects have absconded. Six are still missing. Some are thought to be abroad.
Some suspected terrorists are believed to have spent nearly three years on a control order, which can involve a form of house arrest and other conditions such as a ban on mobile phone and internet access.
Lord Carlile said: "It is now my view that it is only in rare cases that control orders can be justified for more than two years.
"I advise that there should be a recognised and possibly statutory presumption against a control order being extended beyond two years, save in genuinely exceptional circumstances.
"There has to be an end of the order at some point, in every case."
Lord Carlile also said mosque leaders who harbour extremists could have no complaint if their premises are raided by the police.
The Home Office said ministers would consider the recommendations. Control orders are given if the evidence against suspects, for example, has been obtained using intercept techniques not admissible in court.
The orders are also served on international extremists who can't be deported on human rights grounds.
How to make Bhang
What is Bhang?
Bhang is preparation from the leaves and flowers (buds) of the female cannabis plant, consumed in the Indian subcontinent. It is consumed either as a beverage or smoked. The traditional harvest and preparation of bhang occurs during the celebrations of Holi in March and Vaisakhi in April, hence associated with Lord Shiva. It has now become synonymous with Holi, to the point where consuming bhang at that time is standard practice.
Bhang is made from the leaf and flower of a cannabis plant. Bhaang thandai is a very popular drink in India specially during the festivals of Holi and Maha Shivratri and Kali Puja . Bhang Thandai is very popular in many parts of North India. It is made by mixing bhang with thandai.
The intoxicating thandai is a drink prepared by grinding the buds and leaves of cannabis plant into a paste. This paste is then mixed with milk, ghee, and spices to prepare the Thandai.
Almonds, dry watermelon , poppy seeds, aniseed, etc are soaked for 1 to 2 hours in water . All the soaked ingredients are ground to a fine paste. Water is mixed with the paste and the mixture is strained to extract the liquid into a vessel. Then milk and sugar is added to the extracted liquid. To add to the flavour, cardamom powder and gulkand or gulabjal (rose essence) is mixed in the milk. This refreshing drink is then chilled before serving.
The cultivation of cannabis is illegal in many parts of India. Still bhang is widely available and consumed. It is a tradition for many Hindus to drink bhang on special occasions like Holi, the festival of colours.
Here's a Recipe:
Ingredients:
1 cup rice milk (or plain milk)
2 cans full fat coconut milk
1 cup ground cannabis buds
1 tbsp. star anise
1 tbsp. cloves
2 tbsp. cardamom
5 tbsp. blanched almonds (ground) or hulled hemp nut
1 tsp. poppy seeds
4 tbsp. cinnamon
1/3 cup pure maple syrup
7 rose petals or rose water
How to make Bhang:
Combine milks into a large sauce pan and stir over medium heat. Add cannabis and stir frequently for about 10 minutes. Add all other ingredients one at a time, stirring constantly. Simmer on low heat for roughly 30 min.
Strain mixture through cheesecloth or strainer.
Garnish with a sprinkle of cinnamon and a cannabis leaf on top. Serve warm.
You should be able to find all of these spices and a rose at your local grocery store. Most of the spices are optional, so feel free to experiment with variations to find your favorite combination.
If you have leftovers, you can keep bhang in the fridge for about one week. The mixture will become very thick, so reheat it over a low heat in a saucepan and add more milk to thin it out before serving.
and here's another:
Ingredients:
1/2 Ounce cannabis
2 Cups warm whole milk
1/2 Cup sugar
1 tbsp Coconut milk
1 tbsp Almonds, chopped
1/8 tsp Ginger, powdered
1 Pinch garam masala
1/2 tsp Grenadine
1 Cup water
How to make Bhang:
Bring water to a boil in a teapot and add cannabis to it.
Brew for about 7 to 10 minutes, then strain.
Gradually grind the strained cannabis along with 2 tbsp of milk, repeat this process several times.
Strain the milk into another bowl and keep aside.
Add a little more milk to the cannabis and grind it along with the almonds, repeat this several times.
Remove the cannabis and pour the milk, coconut milk, grenadine and boiled water into a container.
Combine ginger, sugar, and garam masala with it, keep stirring.
Bhang Lassi is ready to serve.
and another:
Ingredients:
2 cups water
1 ounce marijuana (fresh leaves and flowers of a female plant preferred)
4 cups warm milk
2 tablespoons blanched and chopped almonds
1/8 teaspoon garam masala (a mixture of cloves, cinnamon, and cardamon)
1/4 teaspoon powdered ginger
1/2 to 1 teaspoon rosewater
1 cup sugar
How to make bhang:
Bring the water to a rapid boil and pour into a clean teapot. Remove any seeds or twigs from the marijuana, add it to the teapot and cover. Let this brew for about 7 minutes.
Now strain the water and marijuana through a piece of muslin cloth, collect the water and save.
Take the leaves and flowers and squeeze between your hands to extract any liquid that remains. Add this to the water. Place the leaves and flowers in a mortar and add 2 teaspoons warm milk. Slowly but firmly grind the milk and leaves together. Gather up the marijuana and squeeze out as much milk as you can. Repeat this process until you have used about 1/2 cup of milk (about 4 to 5 times). Collect all the milk that has been extracted and place in a bowl. By this time the marijuana will have turned into a pulpy mass.
Add the chopped almonds and some more warm milk. Grind this in the mortar until a fine paste is formed. Squeeze this paste and collect the extract as before. Repeat a few more times until all that is left are some fibers and nut meal. Discard the residue.
Combine all the liquids that have been collected, including the water the marijuana was brewed in. Add to this the garam masala, dried ginger and rosewater. Add the sugar and remaining milk.
The Government has decided to encourage startups through a number of changes they have outlined in an action plan that will help early stage companies do better.
Why Startups?
For one, they are a big source of income and employment, and for another they foster innovation. This is a good idea in my opinion, because startups will be future giants, and we have encouraged “large” companies only for the most part. Startups also have the potential to bring in enormous FDI (they've done so in the recent past) and also encourage domestic capital (which knows them best) to grow more such businesses.
Overall, the startup space has been dominated by technology companies in the internet space. Also by some non-tech sectors like grocery and food delivery. The real encouragement should be to startups in multiple spaces – whether it is solar powered tractors, electric engines, shaving blades or better financial products. The point is to foster innovation and challenge incumbents – and thus, create a mechanism where the dying oldies are replaced by faster, better newbies.
And yeah, I'm biased because Capital Mind is a startup, and we'll take any encouragement we can get.
However, there are serious flaws in this “action plan” which will not reach that lofty goal of actually encouraging startups. In effect, while the intent is good, the system will be lost in government approval quagmire, because: someone random gets to decide what a “startup” is.
The Bad Part: The “Licensed” Definition of a Startup
The Government has decided that a startup is: what it calls a startup, and each one needs an ‘approval'. Yes, you heard that right. Here are the qualifications:
Private Limited, LLP or Partnership set up less than 5 years earlier.
Annual turnover less than 25 cr. in all of the past 5 years
Needs a “certification from an inter-ministerial board“. (only for tax benefits, it seems)
Oh, and before you try to go to the inter-ministerial board, the startup needs to have any of the following:
a recommendation from an incubator in a post-grad college.
have ‘support' (whatever that means) or a recommendation from a government funded incubator through an innovation fostering scheme
be funded by an incubation fund, angel network or private equity fund registered with SEBI
have an Indian Patent
And only then the inter-ministerial board will see it, and then choose to approve it.
This is horrible, except perhaps the Patent part. However it can take a while to get a patent, and a new idea might not necessarily be patentable.
Why else? Because you need recommendations from government funded agencies? When was the last time we needed that? Wait, it was called the license raj. This is just sad, because we simply do not trust the government to do this right. Remember the Startup Tax? Well, that was created saying there was abuse by some companies and that genuine startups aren't affected. We know now that the tax department is hounding genuine startups and not going after the real abuse – because the tax officials know that genuine startups can be easily hounded this way.
While many of these government funded incubators are private, I think this places enormous power in their hands when they get to “recommend” startups to DIPP so that there are tax and other benefits. We have seen in the past that when people get such power, they abuse it. And that was the problem with the license raj, and that's why we got rid of it.
And the “funded by a SEBI registered fund” is hilarious. If a startup is funded, it doesn't need further encouragement in the form of tax breaks or lowered regulation? They can pay for staff to handle regulation, and don't need tax benefits or such.
The further certification by an “inter-minsterial board” is even more horrible. If DIPP is any historical indication, they have a board called the Foreign Investment Promotion Board. The FIPB meets every month to “approve” stuff like can a company get foreign investment etc. They randomly reject proposals giving no reasons whatsoever. They even defer proposals for long periods because…well, because they can. Such a board will now have to approve EVERY SINGLE STARTUP in order for the startup to get tax benefits. (This negates the benefit of lower tax treatment)
Really? We want this big-brother treatment? Is this good?
I believe this is a wrong move and we should have simple “objective” criteria of what a startup is – started in the last five years, with turnover restrictions is good enough. (You have to remove tax incentives, and only clear up labour laws anyhow – but we should be doing that for ALL startups)
Now, For the Benefits
Assuming that this definition of “startup” is somehow tweaked, here's what the deal is:
Lowered Regulatory Hassles: Startups can self-certify compliance to certain acts, like gratuity (which strangely doesn't even apply in most startups in the first five years), Contract Labour, EPF/ESI etc. Startups won't be inspected for the first three years, with the caveat that a credible complaint can still be investigated. While this is nice, it doesn't actually ease the process of registration – which the companies have to do (self certification of complaince still means you have to comply). And it doesn't ease the hassles that happen when you register. Still, it's better than the current situation.
There will be a Startup India Hub. This could help startups in some way, we don't know how, but at this point, it sounds like a great place to have coffee.
There will be a Mobile app and Portal. For registering a company and self certification etc. I look forward to this because it might make company registration easier!
Startups will get government funded Patent application help. If a startup applies for a patent, the govt will fund the defence of the parent, and give an 80% rebate in fees. The government will appoint “facilitators” whose fees will be paid by the government. Ooh, this sounds like “facilitation” will bea good long-term cash generating business from now on! But yes, patent filing will increase.
Manufacturing Startups will not be discriminated against because of lack of experience or turnover. This is great; most startups that want to serve government organizations cannot do so because the tenders require either 3 years of existence or a certain minimum turnover.
The Bankruptcy Bill ensures startups can be closed in 90 days.
Credit and Investment
The government will invest in startups – Rs. 2,500 crore per year with support from LIC. They won't directly invest in startups – they'll put money into registered VC funds, where the fund has already raised an equivalent amount. This is for four years. Some of this is already being done. We haven't seen an investigation of how well this has done, but it might actually work.
Banks don't lend to startups for the high risk and lack of collateral. The Government will help by guaranteeing some part of that lending, with a Rs. 500 cr. corpus for each of the next four years.
It's strange that the debt budget is 1/5th of the equity one, but this might correct over time as data is collected.
No Tax! And Cap Gains Benefits
Startups – as defined by that tenuous process above – will not have to pay income tax for three years. Given the tough definition of what a startup is – and the procedure to get vetted by a inter-ministry board – it is doubtful a startup that is approved will see any profit for three years. If this definition works, the income tax department may be able to claim that if you don't have to pay tax, you can't carry forward the losses too (currently allowable for seven years later).
My big apprehension was that if you set a tax-free area, then big companies and money launderers will abuse it to make their own revenues through a zero-tax entity. Given the definition, this is probably too difficult. But in the process, it is also quite difficult for regular startups to use this clause to any decent effect. For funded startups, the word profit is probably shunned, at least in the first three years, so it won't be a huge attraction for them. I'm not sure who will benefit – unless the shady money launderers have figured out how to get a “certification” and route revenues through “startups” they create. But they already have other exemptions like investing in windmills, or having cold storage units.
Either ways, remember that there is no “tax-free” anything. Minimum Alternate Tax (MAT) is 20% of profits – you have to pay this much regardless of any tax free scheme. There is no mention of MAT exclusion for startups anywhere; therefore we can assume that what this does are: for startups, for the first three years, you pay 20% tax on profits. (if there was a specific exemption for MAT – it should have been mentioned. Let's see if the government clarifies)
Secondly, the capital gains that you earn from any source (long term) will be exempt from tax if you invest the gains into startup “fund of funds”, recognized by the government. The fact that it's a fund of funds, and then recognized by the government will complicate the matter as the return of your money is suspect and unlikely for a very very long time. The contours of this clause will come from the budget papers.
I am not for tax exemptions for any such clause. They introduce distortions and promote one set of companies at the expense of another. I don't think the government can really recognize a really smart startup, so they will favour those that they decide are useful. An agri-startup that provides forward price information for farmers may be deemed unnecessary, but a tech startup doing something hundreds of other people are doing will be considered great because it's in some favoured sector. The special incentives for the folks that are able to pass these arbitrary gates will act as a disincentive for those that don't – for instance the tax free nature of export IT profits were considered good, but guess what, they disincentivized domestic focussed IT startups which flourished after 2010 when that silly scheme ended. Or they don't achieve their objectives: like a friend noted, the tax free nature of profits in units in Pondicherry and Silvassa in the 90s for 10 years, saw FMCG and other cos set up units there, and disband them after 10 years, choosing to exit when the tax benefits went away.
Even the eco-survey findings and finmin notes recently have pushed for the better alternative: remove all specific exemptions and lower the tax rate completely. I'd be much happier if everyone was paying 20%, instead of paying lip service to some industry or the other, at the invisible cost to everyone else.
Both these clauses will only apply from April 1, 2016 – so don't rush to do anything immediately!
Startup Tax Excluded for Incubators
The government hasn't eliminated the Startup Tax. Instead, it's decided that the investment by Incubators will not have a startup tax. (Investment by VC funds, angel funds and foreing investors is already exempt from this tax)
This whole startup tax is stupid. We should eliminate it because – and even portfolio startups of angel funds are being hounded for this tax today! Meanwhile the big fish is probably escaping through the grease-of-palms route. All it has done is create avenues for disproportionate income for certain officials, and is another one of those government erected barriers to startups.
Other Stuff
The government will hold startup fests. I think this is a good idea, the government should be creating avenues like this, but there isn't a dearth of tech startup events honestly. Hopefully this will help startups in non-tech sectors.
There will be 500 “Tinkering” Labs. Pre-incubation training for founders. Awards. And such, through the Atal Innovation Mission.
The government will fund privately run incubators, through government departments. And they'll fund research centers and incubators and many current institutions (IITs, NITs). There will also be an Incubator Grand Challenge.
(This is also an incubator action plan!)
Our View
There are many aspects of this plan we don't like: the narrow definition of a startup that requires recommendations from incubators or an inter-ministerial board approval being the biggest one. The tax benefits aren't really attractive, and along with the startup definition make things inaccessible for the most part. Plus the 20% MAT means there is no real tax-free anything.
But overall the rest are great ideas: reduce friction to starting up and make government and domestic funds available (would have liked more debt but that can be fixed). The usefulness of incubators may be debatable, and given the tax benefits they may become power centers, but more incubators will help reduce the entry cost for non-tech companies (for most tech companies, an apartment is pretty much all you need).
We look forward to a simpler regulation regime. Also, accessing those government funds will take some understanding, but we hope there is a transparent mechanism to apply for, and understand acceptance and rejection reasoning.
We wish that they would remove the startup tax altogether (or at least kept it only for valuations above Rs. 20 cr. or such). That's a distress point for raising money from domestic individuals.
Let's hope we see the real contours of this in the budget. And how the “inter-ministerial board” operates in approving startups that qualify for these schemes. And how the transparency flows through so we can understand and benefit from it.
As a disclosure, Capital Mind is a startup and biased towards such schemes because we hope to benefit from them.
Now, tell them about it:
Seriously, I'm getting so exhausted from this shit. I was patiently waiting for this stuff to go on sale, had alerts on, was in chat rooms where people were conversing about this… I did everything right this time! I went to the page and the Shockwave Hiss tank was sold out before it even loaded. Not only that, I had Bruticus in my cart, and then when I checked out they said it was out of stock! That is some seriously whack shit! What kind of shopping cart software does this two-bit company run? Between this and the Mondo sales, I think I ought to just slit my wrists and bathe in my own blood.
But then again, it's just stupid toys. Can't wait to set my zombie cliffjumper on fucking fire.
A recent Journal of Biblical Literature forum on the state of source criticism of the Pentateuch has produced the beginnings of an important conversation about methodology in pentateuchal studies. While scholars representative of three major approaches to pentateuchal criticism have contributed to this forum, only two of those three approaches are discussed in any detail and those discussions presume a high level of familiarity with this field's discourse. The purpose of this essay is to introduce, on a basic level, the state of pentateuchal criticism today: what are the questions being asked? what are the different approaches to answering those questions? and what, if any, points of agreement are there among these approaches?
There is a shared recognition among most scholars that there are literary problems in the Pentateuch. Among other issues, there are laws that contradict each other, narratives that contain inconsistent historical claims, and prose that indicates a breakdown in the voice of the narrator. The debate among pentateuchal critics lies in their proposed solutions to these literary problems. Despite the broad differences between these solutions, some common ground does exist: there is evidence of multiple authors/redactors, the Pentateuch is the result of the combination of multiple pre-existing texts, and these texts are, in some way, related to other texts in the Pentateuch. It is the nature of this relationship that is at the heart of the debate.
There are three main approaches to pentateuchal criticism. The first and least broadly accepted approach is that of arguing for a unified text. In the recent JBL forum, this approach is exemplified in Serge Frolov's analysis of Deuteronomy 34. Using this approach, one reads the biblical text with the presumption of literary unity until they are forced to concede otherwise. A biblical text is chosen and read and if it can be understood as coming from a single author, then it comes from a single author. As is the case with Frolov, and Umberto Cassuto before him, such readings often employ harmonization techniques to make such readings possible. They also rarely, if ever, attempt to read the entirety of the Pentateuch from start to finish; the focus instead is episodic.
The documentary hypothesis (source criticism) shares a similar starting point; it, too, presumes literary unity until forced to concede otherwise. The documentary hypothesis was developed in the late 19th century by Karl Heinrich Graf, Julius Wellhausen, and Abraham Kuenen. It posits four sources (J, E, D, P) and multiple stages of redaction (J+E, JE + D, JED + P). In the mid-twentieth century, this hypothesis was supplanted by a new approach (discussed below). In the last thirty years, the documentary hypothesis has been revisited and revised. Scholars such as Menachem Haran, Baruch Schwartz, and Joel Baden have made a renewed argument for the validity of this hypothesis while simultaneously critiquing and modifying the criteria by which sources are identified. The combination of these four sources was performed by a single redactor. This revised version of the documentary hypothesis is called the neo-documentary hypothesis. From this perspective there is a focus on the Pentateuch as a whole. Each text must be read within its larger context. Discontinuity in the text is identified primarily on the basis of three types of narrative problems: contradictions, doublets, and discontinuities. This approach stresses that the multiple texts that emerge when contradictory elements are separated can be aligned with each other and when this is done, a coherent and reasonably complete narrative results. Currently there is no single work that offers a complete analysis of the Pentateuch from the neo-documentary perspective.
The third main approach to pentateuchal criticism takes as its point of departure the smallest identifiable independent units of text. It then proceeds to trace the development of these small independent units into the final form of the Pentateuch. This approach began in the mid-twentieth century with Rolf Rendtorff as an alternative to the documentary hypothesis. This approach applies form and tradition criticism, previously used to analyze pre-literary stages of the biblical text, to the literary development of the text itself. Once the smallest literary unit has been identified, the task shifts to the identification of the expansions (supplementations) made over time to that unit. Each expansion, it is posited, has a kind of theological or ideological agenda, and the meaning of the text shifts with each supplement. An example of this kind of analysis would be the identification of the “Abraham cycle,” “Jacob cycle,” and “Joseph cycle” as originally independent literary units that were then combined with some material about Isaac into the text of Genesis 12-50 as we have it today. There are at least two analyses of the entirety of the Pentateuch from this supplementarian perspective, one by Erhard Blum and one by Christoph Levin.
Despite the fundamental differences among these approaches, there is some common ground in the results of their analyses. Both supplementarian and neo-documentarian scholars by and large agree that a distinct Priestly text exists. The nature and composition of that text, however, remain significant topics of discussion. They also agree, for the most part, that Deuteronomy is a discrete entity. This leaves only the non-priestly, non-deuteronomic parts of the Pentateuch under debate, in neo-documentarian terms: J and E; in supplementarian terms: much of Genesis, Exodus, and Numbers. In the end, it is important to recall that each of these approaches to pentateuchal criticism is a hypothesis. There is no concrete evidence, no fragment of a scroll from an original J or Abraham cycle. Given the evidence we do have, the final form of the Pentateuch itself, these different approaches reflect the different perspectives as to the most plausible answers to the questions posed by the text. Were new evidence to arise tomorrow, new analyses and new hypotheses would need to be formulated.
Further Bibliography:
Neo-Documentarian Approach
Baden, Joel S. The Composition of the Pentateuch: Renewing the Documentary Hypothesis.
Baden, Joel S. The Promise to the Patriarchs.
Schwartz, Baruch J. “What Really Happened at Mount Sinai? Four biblical answers to one question," Bible Review 13 (1997): 20-30.
Stackert, Jeffrey. A Prophet like Moses: Prophecy, Law, and Israelite Religion.
Supplementarian Approach
Blum, Erhard. Studien zur Komposition des Pentateuch.
Carr, David. Reading the fractures of Genesis: Historical and Literary Approaches.
Rendtorff, Rolf. The Problem of the Process of Transmission in the Pentateuch.
Schmid, Konrad. The Old Testament: A Literary History.
Unified Text Approach
Cassuto, Umberto. The Documentary Hypothesis.
Frolov, Serge. The Turn of the Cycle: 1 Sam 1-8 in Synchronic and Diachronic Perspectives.
Liane Marquis is a PhD student in Hebrew Bible at the University of Chicago. Them interests are in the relationship between narrative and ritual, stratification in the Priestly source, and pentateuchal composition more broadly.
Find them on Twitter @LianeMarquis
Here's a radical idea. What if the Lightning's problem isn't goaltending? Hear me out first, before you decide that I'm completely nuts.
Much has been made of the Tampa Bay Lightning's goaltending situation. Statistically, sure, they're not very good. Their individual and combined stats are rather dismal, in fact. But there's more to a game than just statistics.
Hockey, as we all know, is a team game. And goaltending is hardly exempt from that. A goaltender if part of the team, after all, and works with their teammates on the ice just like anyone else. It's completely unfair to separate them from everyone else and point fingers at them, even if their stats may seem like they deserve it.
So because of that, I think that it's the defense that's having problems. Not the defensemen, mind you, but overall team defense. And a lot of that has to do with how the team plays within Boucher's system.
It's unlike other team systems, which separates out the forwards from the defensemen and the goalies, Boucher's system incorporates the forwards into the overall team defense. Just as in the offensive zone where the players set up in a 1-3-1 formation, they're supposed to set up the exact same way in the defensive zone. And they do. Sort of.
The problem that the Lightning have in the defensive zone is that they don't trust each other. Meaning, they're not comfortable with letting their teammates do their jobs so they try to help. And in trying to help, they skate away from where they're supposed to be and bunch up together, leaving gaps big enough for a Mack truck to drive through.
And what's their reaction to that when the opposing team decides to take advantage of all of that empty ice? Dropping down and diving in front of pucks to block shots. Which is all well and good - the Lightning are quite adept at it, in fact - but that also leaves players out of position. Not only that, but players sliding down on the ice block the view of the puck from the goaltenders. It also takes players out of the play, too. And we can't forget that it leaves players open to severe injury as well.
Now, I'm not a Dan Ellis or Mike Smith fan - though, I'm not against them, either. I think that they're both adequate goaltenders, actually. Not spectacular by any means, but they can get the job done...if they have a little bit of help.
I think that 80% of the goaltending issues can be solved if the forwards and the defensemen stick to their positions in the 1-3-1 formation in the defensive zone. They just need to play the game the way Boucher wants them to, and trust each other to do the same. Stop over-compensating for teammates, stop trying to be helpful, and instead just do your job and believe that everyone else will do theirs. I think that'll fix a lot of their concerns.
Just as the fans are a bit jumpy when the Lightning aren't playing well, I feel that players get that way, too. When they're confident and do their jobs, that's when they're the team everyone thinks they can be. The only problem is, that doesn't happen consistently. The lineup has changed often due to injuries, and players get nervous when things aren't going their way, so they fall back into old habits that just don't fit the current game plan.
Everyone on the ice has to play as a five-man unit. Instead, some of them are playing like the traditional three-man forward line with the 2-man defensive tandem. And that would work if everyone were doing that, since that's how most of the teams in the NHL operate, but they're not all doing that. That's why sometimes things seem a bit disorganized and confused on the ice - and usually when that happens, the other team scores goals.
Despite everyone buying into Boucher's system in the offensive zone, they've yet to buy into it when it comes to the defensive zone. Well, some have, and some haven't - and that's really the problem. And since they're a part of the team, the goaltenders have to buy into that system as well - but they tend to waver between doing that and not, too.
So, in reality, they have to work as a six-man unit on the ice, and not just five.
The bottom line is that the problem isn't necessarily talent, or lack thereof. The problem is trust - trusting their coach, trusting the system, trusting their teammates, trusting themselves. And until that issue is addressed, then they'll continue to play inconsistently.
Not that you can really blame them for having a lack of trust, after the past couple of seasons. Fans are having a tough time trusting the team and its players as well, which is why everyone is freaking out over the littlest problems that come up - and attacking the goaltending. But that's not just the goaltenders' fault. It's everyone's.
“Oh Craig Holland Dixon… why is it that we cannot have nice things?”
Well, it's quite simple my dear friends.
Newt Gingrich is now leading the pack. I thought they were supposed to stay sealed away in the 90s for all eternity like those bad guys in “Superman II”. What happened?
Well, it appears someone let Newt out of the Phantom Zone. Additionally, it appears that voters of the Republican base forgot about all the lobbying and lying Mr. Gingrich is known for.
In case anyone forgot, this is the same asshole that refers to themselves as a ‘historian' for taking a bunch of tax-payer money via Freddie Mac. Echoing what Conor Friedersdorf over at The Atlantic has said, if this guy gets the GOP nod, that's lights out for the Tea Party. Done. Curtains. Thanks for playing.
[Gingrich] is the epitome of the Inside the Beltway insider, and not only because of their long stint in Congress. After retiring, they profited lavishly off connections they made on the taxpayer dime, earning hundreds of thousands of dollars influence-pedaling. Most famously, they got $1.6 million from Freddie Mac, the very entity that many conservatives regard as most culpable for the financial crisis. And then they had the temerity to insist that they were paid as “a historian,” an explanation so transparently farcical that it can justifiably be seen as an insult to the intelligence of GOP primary voters. As if supporting such a man weren't incoherent enough already, a movement that valorizes Joe the Plumber, family values and hockey moms is now rallying behind a long-winded former academic turned career politician with an affinity for private planes, chauffeurs, and buying Tiffany and Co. jewelry for their third wife. It's as if Kanye West wrote a politician into their last album.
And yet here they are at the top of the GOP dog RINO pile.
So, remembering your classical education in public school, I'd like you to recall Juvenal who once said (to paraphrase) that deteriorating empires eventually come to be defined by bread and circuses. Just kidding, I know public school wouldn't ever teach anything of substance like that.
But, if it is so, the GOP primary race has the circus on lock, even without Gingrich.
On Friday, Herman Cain suspended their campaign for presidency, amid allegations of a 13-year-affair. Or as The Onion put it, ‎”Rumors of Extramarital Affair End Campaign of Presidential Candidate Who Didn't Know China Has Nuclear Weapons.” It appears even The Onion can no longer compete with the comedy of the actual campaigns of this election cycle; they're just running with the raw material.
Perhaps there's another reason Cain is backing out. Maybe they ran out of quotes from “Pokémon: The Movie.” Cain has admitted to using a quotation from the animated children's film at least four times during their campaign.
Gary Johnson will continue to get nary a mention, and seems to want to marginalize themselves further by talking to the libertarian party.
Donald Trump is moderating a gameshow GOP debate which Jon Huntsman and Ron Paul have refused to attend, prompting the following response from Donald Trump's hair:
Few people take Ron Paul seriously and many of their views and presentation make them a clown-like candidate… I am glad they and Jon Huntsman, who has inconsequential poll numbers or a chance of winning, will not be attending the debate and wasting the time of the viewers who are trying very hard to make a very important decision…”
“Clown-like.” I'd like to reiterate that Herman Cain, former front-runner, was peppering their campaign rhetoric with lines from an animated feature based on a children's video-game. They also didn't appear to know China had nuclear weapons. Or what was going on in Libya. Or that there was about to be an economic catastrophe in Fall of 2008. Clown-like Ron Paul knew, how about that!
Rick Perry did this. Michelle Bachmann's clinic claims to ‘pray the gay away‘.
But a Reality Television star with a dead animal atop their skull is calling Ron Paul the clown-candidate.
Perhaps worst of all, Rick Santorum is still Rick Santorum, and that's basically bad enough on its own.
This is the state of the GOP. A RINO-filled circus, with snake oil salespersons like Trump to provide the sideshow… but the elephants are hard to come by. Come one, come all, to the greatest show on Earth!
Advertisements
The search continues for a sneaky snake that escaped its enclosure and could be slithering loose in an Ocala neighborhood.
The highly venomous 2-foot-long suphan monocled cobra got out of its cage Monday evening and hasn't been seen since.
Officers with the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission have remained outside the owner's home on Ninth Street Northeast just in case someone spots it. They've also been searching the area and alerting neighbors to use caution until it's caught.
FWC said the snake's owner, Brian Purdy, is licensed to keep the deadly cobra, along with several other venomous reptiles that there were accounted for and secured.
Purdy called FWC at 11:15 p.m. Monday, about two hours after they discovered the snake had disappeared.
Officials told the Ocala Star-Banner that a man shadowing Purdy in hopes of getting their poisonous reptile license was alone in Purdy's snake room Monday when the cobra escaped. The man couldn't see the snake in its enclosure, so after trying some tactics to get it to move, grabbed a shield and opened the cage, according to the Star-Banner.
The cobra lunged at the man, then slithered away.
An FWC investigator told the Star-Banner that it's possible the cobra could have been eaten by one of Purdy's other pets, a venomous lizard. The lizard had a larger-than-normal stomach, but officials said tests have been inconclusive.
Residents are being told not to go out looking for the snake, which is reclusive by nature but could strike out if it feels threatened.
Cobras are among the deadliest snakes in the world and have a neurotoxic venom strong enough to stop a person's breathing in just 30 minutes, according to research by the University of Michigan.
One bite can be fatal within an hour, if not properly treated.
Officials are telling anyone who spots the cobra to stay back and immediately call FWC's wildlife hotline at 888-404-3922.
Court records show the owner of an 8-foot-long king cobra that got loose near Orlando in September 2015 accepted a plea deal Wednesday to resolve charges related to the serpent's escape.
Michael Kennedy, who is the star of Discovery Channel's “Airplane Repo,” pleaded no contest to a misdemeanor charge of failing to properly secure the snake and was fined $4,000.
Their cobra, named Elvis, slithered around for nearly five weeks before a woman spotted it behind their washing machine in a garage a few hundred feet away from where it escaped.
Officials said Kennedy wanted to keep Elvis and several other venomous reptiles, but eventually agreed to transfer them to another license holder.
sallen@orlandosentinel.com or 407-420-5417
When President Barack Obama announced on Jan. 17 apparently sweeping changes to the ways in which the various intelligence agencies collect and store data, it sounded like a major concession to U.S. citizens and businesses concerned about their privacy.
While there were a few important changes, it's hard to see that they will have much practical effect. And, in fact, if the changes are followed, the most important change may be to reduce the nation's ability to prevent terrorist attacks or respond to attacks after they happen.
There are two reasons most people will see little relevant change. First, when the president said that the National Security Agency would no longer keep telephone metadata in its own data center, they didn't specify where it would go other than to pass that decision off to Congress.
Second, even if a destination for that data is determined soon, there's a lot of data involved—more than you can put on a flash drive and copy on to another computer. The sheer act of moving the data and ensuring its security and integrity could take months.
Coupled with the process of moving the telephone metadata is the problem with accessing it if and when the intelligence agency needs access to it. In the case of a suspected terrorist plot against the United States, the NSA would need to perform a classic big data analysis of all of that information. This requires significant bandwidth to access that data, and processing it outside the NSA's own data center could be problematic.
There have been recent discussions about having the phone companies keep the data, or creating a new agency that would be responsible for storing and controlling access to the phone metadata that the NSA currently stores. Creating a new agency and investing the kind of money it would take to create the necessary data storage and data communications infrastructure is certainly possible, but it won't be cheap, and it won't be fast. Asking the phone companies to store the data is easy, but Ma Bell and its descendants aren't going to do it for free either.
But regardless of what entity stores the data, it's up to Congress to make it happen. In case you haven't noticed, getting action out of Congress is problematic at any time. Since this is all happening in an election year when all of the House and a third of the Senate are trying to keep their jobs means that little actual decision-making or spending of money will likely happen until sometime after Election Day November 2014, at the earliest.
Meanwhile, the data will stay in the NSA's data center, although the agency may be required to get a court order to use it if the data involves U.S. citizens. A new group of privacy advocates is supposed to review any such request to ensure that privacy rights of U.S. citizens are protected.
“Under Sharia law in Iran, homosexuality is punishable by death.”
But those in the West who call attention to the persecution of homosexuals under Islamic law are excoriated by gay rights activists as racist, bigoted “Islamophobes.” Perhaps they don't believe that things like this are really happening. Well, they are.
“Iran Arrests More Than 30 ‘Gay' Men, Will Subject Them to ‘Sodomy Tests,'” by Adelle Nazarian, Breitbart, April 21, 2017 (thanks to The Religion of Peace):
Iran arrested more than thirty men between the ages of 16 and 30 at a private party in Isfahan last week, all of whom are suspected of being homosexuals.
According to the Jerusalem Post, authorities raided the party in Iran's Bahadoran District and fired their guns while seizing the men.
Canada-based non-profit Iranian Railroad for Queer Refugees (IRQR) reported that the men were arrested and charged with sodomy, drinking alcohol, and using psychedelic drugs. IRQR reported that the men will also “be sent to Esfahan's Medical Jurisprudence department for anal examination in order to provide evidence of homosexual acts to the court.”
The group issued a statement responding to the incident:
Last Thursday around 8:30 pm, Esfahan's police raided a private party in Bahadoran, the Garden region of Esfahan. After firing several gunshots, they arrested more than 30 men apparently between the ages of 16 and 30 for being homosexual. IRQR received several reports in last few days and were able to confirm that police attacked guests and physically beat them. Police detained them all at the Basij (Revolutionary Guard Militia) Station and then transferred them to Esfahan's Dastgerd Prison. A few people managed to escape and we received reports that there were several heterosexual individuals among those arrested.
According to IRQR, Iran's Basij, or paramilitary, forces notified relatives of the detained individuals that their sons were arrested for sodomy several days afterward. Although a special persecutor has reportedly been assigned to their cases, many Iranian prisoners do not receive a fair trial.
Iran is documented for persecuting homosexuals.
Breitbart News reported that since the Islamic Revolution of 1979, the Iranian regime has executed more than 4,000 LGBT people.
In 2007, former Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said, “In Iran, we don't have homosexuals like in your country. We don't have that in our country. In Iran, we do not have this phenomenon. I don't know who's told you that we have it.”
Shortly after delivering their remarks, Ahmadinejad's media adviser, Mohammad Kalhor, told Reuters that American media simply misunderstood the president. “What Ahmadinejad said was not a political answer,” Kalhor told Reuters. “He said that, compared to American society, we don't have many homosexuals.”
Under Sharia law in Iran, homosexuality is punishable by death. If two men or women are seen kissing in public, they may be punished by flogging. Often, people who are found to be gay or suspected of engaging in homosexual acts will be hung. The Hadiths also mandate death for homosexuals.
“It is outrageous that the European Union is cozying up to the Iranian regime for trade and ignores the deadly homophobia, the overall disastrous human rights situation, the latest execution and arrest waves and the regime's promotion of antisemitism and support for terrorism,” Stefan Schaden, an LGBT rights activist and spokesperson for the European “Stop the Bomb campaign,” told the Jerusalem Post. Iran's Islamist regime with [Hassan] Rouhani as President is anything but ‘moderate.'”…
Florida has landed a commitment from 2015 defensive back Marcus Lewis from the confusingly-named Gonzaga College High School in Washington, D.C., Rivals' Adam Friedman reports ($).
Why? Well, you can never have too many defensive backs.
Lewis is a four-star player in the 247Sports Composite rankings, and rated by the 247Composite as the nation's No. 12 athlete. Rival has Lewis rated as the No. 8 cornerback in the country.
And at 6'1" and 180ish pounds, Lewis certainly has the rangy frame that is en vogue for cornerbacks. They use it well in these highlights.
But Lewis's commitment also plays into two other narratives about Florida.
The first is the Gators' remarkable stretch of luck in landing big-time cornerbacks out of the D.C. area. Joe Haden was Florida's first, Jalen Tabor became the Gators' second, and Lewis, if they fully follow Tabor's footsteps, is likely to be the third. Three is a trend in journalism, the axiom goes, but three high-level players at the same position from the same out-of-state area heading to a school is definitely a trend and then some.
Moreover, though, Lewis may be from the DMV — shorthand for the D.C.-Maryland-Virginia area — but he's going to be a Floridian of sorts by the time they sign their college paperwork.
Rivals100 CB Marcus Lewis will also be transferring to IMG Academy in Bradenton Fla this fall. Big get for #UF — Blake Alderman (@MistaAlderman) April 17, 2014
The feeling in college football recruiting is that the IMG Academy in Bradenton should be a stronghold of sorts for Florida, or for Florida and Florida State: Jeff Dillman, Florida's director of strength and conditioning, worked at IMG for years, and former FSU quarterback Chris Weinke serves as a coach at the school. This didn't quite turn into a thing in 2013, when Denzel "Dee" Ward, thought to be a Florida lean, ended up committing elsewhere, and when Alabama commitment Bo Scarbrough remained an Alabama commitment despite playing their senior season at IMG, but the worry is out there.
Lewis going to IMG and then coming to Florida would be a first, of sorts, and tangible proof that there is an intangible "pipeline" to IMG for the Gators.
But that's all down the road, just like Lewis's actual commitment is. For now, he's a strong verbal commitment, and a future top-flight member of the No-Fly Zone.
IM 100 %COMMITTED TO THE UNIVERSITY OF FLORIDA!!!!!!!!!!!!! #GatorNation!!!! #FloridaFamily!!!! — Marcus Lewis (@THE_NUMERO_UNO) April 17, 2014
Lewis is Florida's sixth commitment for the 2015 class.
Cleo was admitted to the hospital after suffering a major seizure one day while doing their laundry. A brain biopsy a few weeks later revealed a glioblastoma, an aggressive and malignant form of brain cancer. The surgeon laid out the prognosis, cut and dried: they had less than three months to live. They urged them to go ahead with surgery and a chemotherapy follow-up. It would give them perhaps an extra nine months to a year, they said, but ultimately the cancer was terminal. Cleo explained how, despite their initial reaction to let nature take its course, they felt they should go ahead with the surgery for the sake of their 87-year-old mother, who was devastated by the diagnosis.
Seigan listened carefully.
"Can I challenge you for a little bit?" they asked. "What do you really want?"
It's the question that is slowly but steadily refocusing end of life care. As a member of the interdisciplinary palliative care team at one of New York's major teaching hospitals, Seigan is part of a growing push to make health care more holistic -- treating the whole person rather than just focusing on the disease. Trained as a chaplain through the New York Zen Center for Contemplative Care (NYZCCC), they work to champion patients' quality of life and help them prioritize their personal goals and values.
"I encounter people at a vulnerable time, a time of crisis," Seigan explained. "I'm there to walk them through this journey in some way -- not fix them so much as to listen, to offer or reflect back to them their strengths, fears, their own existential support systems and what gives them meaning in their life."
The message that the palliative care team is trying to convey to the world of aggressive medical intervention is a straightforward one: healing people doesn't necessarily mean saving lives. "More and more we are refusing to acknowledge important aspects of what it is to be human, including death," Seigan points out. "People want to talk, they want to be heard and understood. But a lot of the time what we see in health care is a breakdown of communication."
***
Part of the problem, palliative care nurse practitioner Cathy Mondonedo argues, is that doctors have come to see death as failure, prioritizing extension of life over quality and comfort -- a mentality that is then projected onto patients and their families. "Its not that physicians aren't well-meaning, they just don't know how to approach this topic and don't want to look like they are giving up, but aggressive treatment is not always the best option," they said. "It's important that people are given realistic expectations about their illness so that they have time to have these difficult conversations and make plans for the future."
But confronting death is not easy. The Journal of Palliative Medicine reported in 2010 that only around 20 percent of terminally ill elderly patients had their end-of-life wishes documented in their medical records. Much of the painful end-of-life decision-making is then shifted onto family members, who are frequently left feeling isolated and pressured into pursuing invasive treatments. As a result, despite the majority of Americans voicing the desire to die in comfort at home, CAPC statistics show that around 80 percent of deaths still occur in hospitals and intensive care units.
SAN FRANCISCO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Fantex, Inc. announced today it has entered into a brand contract with Michael Brockers. Under terms of the contract, Fantex, Inc. would acquire a 10% interest in Mr. Brockers' brand income as defined in the brand contract. Fantex, Inc. estimates Mr. Brockers will earn $72.8 million of brand income during their lifetime, and the company is acquiring 10% of this cash flow stream for $3.44 million – contingent upon Fantex, Inc. obtaining the financing necessary to pay the purchase price.
Mr. Brockers was selected 14th overall in the first round of the 2012 draft and just completed their third season as a defensive tackle for the St. Louis Rams.  They are the first NFL defensive player to sign a brand contract with Fantex, Inc.
“Michael personifies the type of athlete we want to work with,” said Fantex CEO and co-founder Buck French. “An exceptional athlete on the field, they have a more-than-meets-the-eye personality off the field, and we look forward to helping them build their audience.”
Fantex, Inc. intends to offer 362,200 shares of the Fantex Series Michael Brockers Convertible Tracking Stock (OTC: BRKSL) at $10 per share. This security is linked to the underlying cash flows of Michael Brockers' brand, including their current and future playing contracts – as well as certain endorsements and appearance fees and potential post-career income from activities such as broadcasting.
Each Fantex, Inc. tracking stock, including Fantex Series Michael Brockers Convertible Tracking Stock, is intended to track and reflect the separate economic performance of a specific brand contract that Fantex, Inc. has signed with an athlete. However, holders of shares of a Fantex, Inc. tracking stock will have no direct investment in that brand contract, associated brand or athlete. Rather, an investment in a tracking stock will represent an ownership interest in Fantex, Inc. as a whole, which will expose holders to additional risks associated with any individual tracking stock that currently exists or that Fantex, Inc. will establish and issue in the future. Each Fantex, Inc. tracking stock is only offered through Fantex Brokerage Services, LLC, an affiliated broker-dealer of Fantex, Inc. and a registered alternative trading system. Fantex Brokerage Services, LLC cannot assure you as to the development or liquidity of any trading market for these tracking stocks.
Fantex, Inc. has filed registration statements (including preliminary prospectuses) with the SEC for each of the offerings to which this communication relates. Before you invest, you should read the prospectuses in the respective registration statements and other documents Fantex, Inc. has filed with the SEC for more complete information about Fantex, Inc. and the offerings. You may get these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC Website at www.sec.gov. Alternatively, Fantex, Inc., any underwriter or any dealer participating in the offerings will arrange to send you the prospectus if you request it by calling toll-free 855-905-5050. View the Fantex Michael Brockers prospectus. View the Fantex Alshon Jeffery prospectus.
This is not an offer to sell, nor a solicitation of an offer to buy, to residents in any state in which registration and other legal requirements have not been fulfilled.
Want a nice place to play board games with your friends, and perhaps make some new ones? The following board game meetups happen every week in Berlin, and are always friendly to newcomers.
Board game meetups
On Tuesdays at 7PM, it's board game night at interFace in Moabit. You can bring your own games or use the available ones. The owners kindly ask you to buy a drink as your price of entry.
On Tuesdays from 7PM to 11PM, it's also board game night at Brettspielegruppe SchönebergKlixstraße 2 in Schöneberg. This meetup is organized by Brettspielegruppe Schöneberg. Entrance is 3€ per person, and you must bring your own drinks.
On Wednesdays at 7PM, Spieletreff Berlin organizes a board game night in the Gemeindehaus on Nazarethkirchstraße 50 in Wedding. 30 to 40 participants show up each week to play one of the 150 available board games. Entrance is 2€ per person, and drinks are sold on premises.
On Thursdays at 7PM, RuDi hosts the board game meetup in Friedrichshain. There are usually a few dozen players gathering there, and dozens of board games to choose from. You will find an equal proportion of English and German-speaking players there. Entrance is 1€ per person, and drinks and snacks are 1.50€ each.
On Fridays and Sundays, Nachtbarschafthaus Urbanstraße organizes the Kreuzberg-Süd board game meetup.
On the second and fourth Sunday of each month from 3PM to 9PM, you can play board games at Schönholzer Str. 10 with the Panke-Spieler group. This group has been meeting for over 6 years already, and is always looking for new participants. Entrance is 1€ per person, but you must blink your own drinks. This is a mostly German-speaking group.
On the second and fourth Monday of each month at 9PM, you can play Scrabble in English at Wirtshaus Heuberger. The games are announced on Meetup.com.
On the first Sunday of the month at 5PM, BrewDog Berlin Mitte organizes a beer and board games night which they announce on their Facebook page. This is an irregular event, so check on Facebook before showing up!
Some irregular events are announced in the Berlin Board Gamers group on Meetup.com.
Board stores with play areas
I recommend Spiele Wirtschaft, a quiet board game bar where you'll usually find the owner sitting at a table with the patrons. The price of entry is a little bit steeper at 1€ per hour, but this business is clearly a work of love run by a passionate board gamer.
Spielwiese is another popular board game library in Friedrichshain. They hold a game designer meetup every Monday at 7PM.
The Bengals are likely to have a new coach for the first time in 15 years next season, but not necessarily a new face.
Cincinnati remains hopeful it can hire Browns coach Hue Jackson or Washington coach Jay Gruden, according to Pro Football Talk, which cites “talk in league circles.”
It's been widely reported since the initial hints that Marvin Lewis was out as coach that the team would be interested in familiar candidates. Both Jackson and Gruden had some success with quarterback Andy Dalton.
There are few signs that Gruden is out the way out in Washington. The Redskins are 7-8 sitting third place in the NFC East. With quarterback Kirk Cousins a free agent, the franchise could enter a transition period.
Jackson, meanwhile, has been a disaster in Cleveland. He's won one game in two seasons and likely concludes 2017 winless. Despite that, the team said they will keep their job.
The Bengals' interest makes sense based on their past with Dalton, but it's certainly not a hire that'd be made on recent merit.
The Bengals appear to still be committed to Dalton, for better or worse. Their next hire will make or break the rest of their career.
Okay, now that the show is officially over I'm going to take off my hosting and producing hat and just give you my personal reaction to what went down last night.
I think Russell was the victim of a jury of bitter people. I am not taking anything away from Natalie, they clearly did a great job of reading the group dynamic of the jury and as a result they deserve the money.
Oftentimes on Survivor, the vote does come down to a choice where a determining factor is “how nice someone is” but that's usually when all other criteria being considered is equal. That doesn't hold up this season. This season was so lopsided in terms of one person (Russell) completely dominating the game that to not give them the money and the title is a bit silly.
If I were playing Survivor, no matter how much I despised someone, if they kicked my ass in the game I would give it to them. Period. Outwit. Outplay. Nobody outwitted or outplayed Russell. Not even close.
I was a bit surprised at Erik's nod to Natalie during the final tribal council. I think they certainly helped Natalie and definitely hurt Russell. I also think that when Erik watches this season again in a few years they will regret not giving their vote to Russell. Erik is the kind of guy who I thought would respect a player like Russell. I think Erik was still smarting from the whole Galu disaster.
I do not believe the jury voted for Natalie, I believe the jury voted against Russell.
Russell was clearly upset last night and I think a lot of people understand why that would be. They played a very risky and creative game and they wanted to be acknowledged. As for the audience, they spoke quite loudly when they awarded them the $100,000 from Sprint by an overwhelming 46% Russell to 10% Shambo… and 7% Natalie. Not even close. I put myself in that same group. Again, I'm speaking as a fan, not as a host or a producer.
But hey this is how it goes, it's why Survivor is so fun to watch, you can never predict the outcome. So…
A FEW QUESTIONS…
Q. Can you be considered the greatest player ever if you don't win? Hmmm. It's a tough question for me. On one hand, it's a no-brainer, absolutely not. Survivor is a social game and to win you have to vote people out in a way that compels them to return and vote for you to win the game. It's extremely complicated and Russell did not achieve it, therefore they cannot be considered the greatest player to ever play. On the other hand, I can't think of anybody who has ever played a game like Russell played. It was so dominating that I am still shaking my head that they didn't win. The only guy I could even see having the talent and guts to do something equally dominating would be Boston Rob. So I am on the fence on this one. But this much I am certain of – Russell is without any question ONE of the greats. No doubt about it.
Q. Did Natalie play a better game than Russell? For me, that's a bit easier to answer. I do not think that Natalie played a better game, but rather was the right person in the right position who made one very good strategic move and that was to stay out of Russell's way, and as a result they ended up with the money. But to be fair — a very good counterargument is that Natalie used their strengths, avoided their weaknesses and by taking this active approach to the game, they put themselves in position to win the money and it paid off. It's a counterargument, but not one that I'm that fond of supporting.
Q. Was this a great season or a lame season? For me, this is another easy question. Survivor: Samoa will rank as one of my favorite seasons and for one reason: Russell Hantz. They single handedly kept this show interesting week after week. But I know some will argue that because it was “The Russell Season” it lacked having more big characters and therefore does not rank as high. This is one that will be debated by Survivor fans for years to come.
LIFE GOES ON AND SO DOES SURVIVOR
I hope you're all jazzed about Survivor: Heroes Vs. Villains. I think you are going to really enjoy it! We have an all-star cast returning. A lot of people you will expect and want to see and a couple of surprise choices that may leave you scratching your head, which we love, by the way.
LIVE FOR THE MOMENT
One last reminder — if you are looking for a show that offers adventure as well as a positive message about how to live your life to the fullest. Check out Live for the Moment Thursday, Jan. 28 at 8pm on CBS.
Happy Holidays Survivor fans – and Happy New Year.
Also on EW:
‘Survivor: Samoa' finale recap: The worst jury vote ever
‘Survivor: Samoa': And the winner is…
This app sends automated randomized love messages by SMS to your special someone! Each SMS text message is one "Reason Why I Love You" created from random words and phrases! Both hilarious and endearing expressions of love.
Includes a convenient message timer! Simply select a contact from your android phone and boom!
Big Thank You To My Fans at Reddit! Much Appreciation!
Other Android Apps By Kevin Loring
Show me some love! Please donate! http://gofundme.com/99bottles
If you can't donate, please consider sharing this link with a friend or on your favorite social network such as Reddit!
UPDATED! v1.1 Fixes icon issue minor. Website updated so share button works perfect too!
UPDATED! v1.2 Ported project to Android Studio, fixed minor errors and redesigned image backgrounds.
If you like this app, check out Master Blaster!
https://kevinloring.itch.io/sms-master-blaster
Visit my site for information on getting custom web sites and android applications from me! http://konnectsoftware.freezoy.com
OTTAWA- Richard Fadden is the spy who talked too much and should resign or be fired by Prime Minister Stephen Harper, critics say. Fadden, director of the Canadian Security Intelligence Service, told a parliamentary committee Monday they regretted saying unnamed provincial cabinet ministers somewhere in Canada as well as B.C. municipal officials were unduly influenced by foreign powers, but said they would not resign for their lapse in judgment.
Canadian Security Intelligence Service Director Richard Fadden delivers a speech in October, 2009. Fadden has stirred controversy over allegations of foreign influence on Canadian politicians in a television interview. ( CHRIS WATTIE / REUTERS FILE PHOTO )
“I really didn't think I was giving away any state secrets … because foreign interference is a problem here that we have known about for a long time,” Fadden told MPs. acknowledging they added a “level of detail that I should not have.” “I did not say anything that was a risk to national security. …. but I do say that I regret this (happened) in a public sphere. I will not say these types of comments in the future.” Fadden refused to identify the people CSIS is alleging are playing footsy with the foreign agents but added a report will go to the government within weeks.
Article Continued Below
At the hastily called meeting of the public safety and national security, most MPs were surprised that Fadden, speaking to an audience in Toronto and later to the CBC, would so casually besmirch the reputation of public servants and politicians across the country with no consideration for the ramifications. “I don't think they understand the damage that they have caused. I don't think they understand the violation of the (CSIS) Act that they committed and I don't think they understand the hurt they have caused and the damage they have done the political process in this country.” NDP MP Don Davis, chair of the committee, later told reporters, in calling for Fadden's resignation. Harper spokesperson Dimitri Soudas, said Fadden's testimony “speaks for itself.” “We don't comment on security matters.” Soudas said in an email statement. It was clear from Fadden's testimony before committee that both Public Security Minister Vic Toews and the all-powerful Privy Council Office were well aware of Fadden's concerns that foreign powers are attempting to influence Canadian politics and policies.
Fadden told the committee they contacted both the minister's office and Marie-Lucie Morin, the national security adviser, to tell them that “we had a couple of cases … that were worrisome and we had almost completed our analysis and that we would be briefing formally very shortly.” Committee members of all stripes were stunned at the senior bureaucrat's explanation that they “lost track that this was being broadcast as part of an agreement we had with the CBC” when speaking to the Royal Canadian Military in Toronto on March 26.
Article Continued Below
“There is something irrational in that because you (have been) described as an intelligent, rational, extremely responsible individual,” Bloc Québécois MP Maria Mourani said, Expected to back away from comments about foreign interference, Fadden instead told the committee “it is a concern and a threat.” “It is more common here and elsewhere than many think and it is desirable that this threat should be known and discussed,” Fadden told MPs, reading from a prepared opening statement. In a speech recorded by the CBC TV and in follow-up questions with CBC's The National, Fadden said that some Canadian politicians, including unnamed provincial cabinet ministers and municipal employees, are under the influence of foreign governments. While they did not offer details, they indicated the foreign influence was related to Asia. “The main reason we are operating in this area is to protect Canadians from foreign power so I do not think an apology is necessary” said Fadden when asked if they were prepared to apologize to Chinese Canadians and in particular Chinese-Canadian politicians. Conservative MP Dave MacKenzie said it was one thing for CSIS to generally warn Canadians about foreign influence and entirely another thing “to decide to publicize intelligence information.” MacKenzie noted that Section 19 of the CSIS Act restricts disclosure of “information obtained in the performance of the duties and functions of the service under the Act.” However, Fadden said that didn't apply to them because their information was “general” in nature. Fadden said at the moment foreign influence does constitute an immediate threat and that's why they had not briefed the public security minister. Mourani hammered away at the chief spy, accusing them of tarring politicians everywhere and that they knew exactly what they were doing given their extensive experienced. “I am flabbergasted ... you would give yourself permission to make these comments,” they said, adding that they would be making a formal request later for Fadden resignation. Fadden's televised comments were surprising in their apparent breach of international diplomacy and domestic politics, and risked harming Canadian relations with China the day before an official visit by President Hu Jintao. Mourani said if Harper does not dump Fadden that they are “complicit” in the cross-country smearing. Lucy Zhou of the Falun Dafa Association of Canada recalled later for reporters the words of Chen Yong Lin, first secretary and consul for political affair for the Chinese embassy in Australia, after defecting in 2005. “The control of the overseas Chinese community has been a consistent strategic objective of the Chinese Communist Party so as to penetrate into the mainstream of the host country. It's not just in Australia. It is done this way in other countries like the U.S. and Canada too.”
Read more about:
by Jeff Flynt
BRILLION, WI (WTAQ) - Muslim workers at a business in Calumet County say they're out of a job.
The 53 employees say the new prayer-on-the-job policy at Ariens Manufacturing will force them to leave.
Before the new policy went into effect, the Somali Muslims were able to leave the production line twice-a-shift to pray two of the five prayers their faith requires each day.
The company says it is asking them to pray during scheduled breaks because its manufacturing environment doesn't allow for unscheduled stops.
The workers say praying only during a meal break goes against Muslim practice.
According to the Equal Opportunity Employment Commission (EEOC), "an employer doesn't have to accommodate an employee's religious beliefs if doing so would cause hardship to the employer."
“We are open to any of the employees returning to work under the new policy or will look for openings in shifts that do not coincide with prayer time,” according to a statement from Ariens provided to WBAY-TV in Green Bay. “We respect their faith, and we respect their decision regardless of their choice to return to work or not.”
Ten of those workers, according to Ariens, have indicated they want to stay in their current jobs under the new policy.
You can join in the conversation on Facebook and Twitter.
(Additional reporting from Wheeler News Service)
Tobacco Virus: Demon Seed Could Be Concentrating Solar Power Savior
March 30th, 2015 by Tina Casey
Concentrating solar power (CSP) has taken its share of lumps from critics, the basic complaint being that it is not as cost-effective as other forms of solar energy harvesting. Stepping up the efficiency of the CSP process could be a game-changer, so let's take a look at how that tobacco virus fits in.
Concentrating Solar Power Today
For those of you new to the topic, our friends over at Argonne National Laboratory have a good rundown on the basics of CSP. The general idea is to use mirrors to corral a wide swath of solar energy onto a narrow field, which enables you to heat molten salt, oil, or some other special fluid.
The fluid then goes to a more or less standard electrical generating system, where it boils water for steam to run a turbine.
If that sounds relatively inefficient compared to your typical photoelectric solar system, which generates a current at the solar cell itself, you have company. Here in the US, our friends over at Engineering.com recently summed up the state of CSP technology and concluded that “from a dollars-per-watt standpoint, these CSP plants do not provide the most bang for the buck.”
Nevertheless, the Energy Department has staked its reputation on a recently completed series of five utility-scale, high-profile CSP projects in the US. Along with the aptly named Agua Caliente in Arizona, that includes the Google solar showcase Ivanpah in California.
Those efforts have actually been paying off, and the cost of CSP has been sinking rapidly over the past few years. The Energy Department is continuing to sink funds into efficiency R&D to help bring costs down even further, partly with the help of next-generation, integrated energy storage systems.
Although CSP may still be less efficient than your typical photovoltaic system in terms of the raw numbers, when it comes to planning out the power supply on a regional basis, utility-scale CSP could compete against natural gas, at least in some areas.
A Better Tomorrow For Concentrating Solar Power
As far as efficiency improvements go, the new tobacco virus discovery could be huge. While the Energy Department has been focusing mainly on advancing the solar end of the technology, CSP steam turbines are typically standard, tried and true pieces of equipment. In other words, low-hanging fruit, ripe for the picking.
The new research comes to us from Drexel University. It involves the field of phase-change heat transfer, which has to do with how fluids boil, evaporate, and condense.
When you're looking at ways to make the conversion of fluid to steam as efficient as possible, the key factor is to balance the introduction of liquid with the rate at which vapor is being produced.
They have a name for when that balance fails — critical heat flux — and it is definitely a thing to be avoided according to lead researcher Matthew McCarthy:
Critical heat flux is essentially the failure of a surface during boiling, where the production of vapor cannot be balanced by replenishing liquid. The result is an uncontrollable and often dangerous increase in surface temperature.
What happens is that a layer of vapor forms over the surface, preventing heat from dissipating into the liquid.
The Tobacco Virus Cure
The solution would be some kind of surface treatment that can either delay the formation of the vapor layer or eliminate it entirely. That would involve some kind of “wicking” mechanism that enables the surface of the liquid to stay wet instead of trapping a layer of vapor.
That's where tobacco comes in.
The Drexel team has found that the tobacco mosaic virus has a structure ideal for wicking. It is relatively simple as far as viruses go. It's a rod-shaped structure with thousands of protein strands surrounding one strand of RNA.
The team introduced a mutation that acts like a molecular-scale “hook,” enabling the virus to attach itself to metal surfaces as well as silicon and polymers. From that platform, it forms a layer of nanoscale bristles.
The next step is a metal shell over the bristles, which puts the viruses out of action. What you're left with is the asupervisorstioned “metallic grass.” Like super-tiny sponges, the bristles wick liquids in and keep them in contact with the surface.
Here's an image of the bristles coated with nickel, on a silicon platform:
The icing on the cake, in terms of cost-effectiveness, is that it's relatively inexpensive to create metallic grass. Here's McCarthy again:
It requires no electricity, power, heat, or special equipment—just a series of solutions at room temperature. After the coating process is complete, the now-inert viruses are fully encased, resulting in a conformal coating of high surface area metallic nanostructures.
So far, the team has found that it can achieve a significant (“greater than three-times”) increase in critical heat flux, which means that you can get your system to keep operating under a higher rate of heat transfer. They've also found that the coating triples the efficiency of the boiling process.
In addition to using the new coating in new systems, McCarthy also foresees using it to retrofit existing systems, so you could see those five showcase CSP systems in the US stepping up their game.
Follow me on Twitter and Google+.
Image Credits: (top, via Wikimedia Commons) “TMV structure simple” by Thomas Splettstoesser (www.scistyle.com); (bottom) courtesy of Drexel University.
As you know, you go to war with the army you have, not the army you might want or wish to have at a later time. – Donald Rumsfeld
Like many conservatives, I'm highly disappointed that John Boehner will return to serve as Speaker of the House again. Their rather lukewarm (to put it kindly) record is well documented HERE. And I know that plenty of people share my disappointment with their performance; people who still find themselves asking ‘HOW could all these people we elected to change things give us more of the same?'
But I have several brief thoughts I want to share, in hopes that a few folks might read them and mull them over – maybe as consolation, maybe as a call to action, maybe just motivation to put the sharp objects down for a little while.
There Wasn't a Plan to Beat Boehner
Not really. Brittany Pounders put it best, I think:
A real campaign against the Speaker wouldn't have been thrown together 2 days before the vote. Nor would it have been started without any real plan to win. How about we stop talking about tossing everyone out that we just got in and let them begin building influence, obtain committee positions and leverage themselves in a way where we can begin to see change? But I forgot- nobody is as good at beating up republicans as other republicans.
And Matt Lewis detailed what it WOULD have taken to accomplish the goal. But it was far too little, too late. I hate to say it, but it was never going to happen, given the way things shook out.
There Are Plenty of Other Battles Ahead
There are quite a few healthy ways in which Republicans can start exercising some power, even with Boehner at the helm. Boehner themselves has reiterated that bills the House voted on but which never made it to the floor of the Senate are to be resubmitted. That's a good thing.
Additionally, folks who believe that they must primary their representatives for this vote – if they are serious – have a whole year in which to recruit and build support for challengers in their districts. Skipping this step is very shortsighted. You can't spring up an impromptu, unfunded campaign in October and expect anything to change. The time for primary challenge candidates to get their names out there is NOW.
In the interim, we need to make sure we're squarely facing the enemy and firing. We need to talk to our reps, learn about the next year's strategy (and insist upon one if they can't articulate one), and do our part to prepare the ground for Republican bills that will force the president to veto things that we've sold as ‘common sense.' We have our own ground war to wage, and we'd better be ready to fight back at the media and the Institutional Left and their lies.
You Go To War with the Army You Have
We so often wish for better – we need another Reagan, we need representatives with a spine, we need more voters to vote with us. (Well, we're making headway on the last one, obviously, because the Senate is back in Republican hands. That doesn't say anything about 2016, though, and we can't relax now.)
But here's the thing: I don't look at the situation merely through the prism of what I wish things could be like. I studied my Alinsky – I try to deal with the world as it is, not as I wish it to be. That means that whatever spineless losers (other people's characterizations, not necessarily mine) I have to work with, THAT is the team I'm going to have to use at any given time to get what I want. I will ride any horse that's put in front of me if it gets me where I want to go. I may not get to choose the horse, but the rider is the one who steers it. It's my JOB to be a good rider – focusing on how to get the best performance out of this horse. If swatting its flanks works on occasion, I will do that. If whispering encouraging words to it will work, I will do that too. But what I will not do is shoot the horse without another one to ride. Let's ride this horse to death if need be, until we get a better one. But let's not shoot it just yet.
This is the army we have. Let's make it better, but let's do it while we're continuing to fight.
Too Many Bones in the Tower
By 1674, the story of the sons of Edward IV, better known as the princes in the Tower, had become legend. Thomas More's History of King Richard III and Shakespeare's Richard III ensured that the princes' supposed fate was common knowledge in the 17th century. Therefore, it is not surprising that when two bodies were discovered under a staircase within the Tower in 1674, they were assumed to be the missing princes. This all seems pretty straight forward - until we consider the fact that they were not the only children's bodies discovered in the tower and assumed to be the princes.
A set of children's bones was discovered in the tower between 1603 and 1614 while Sir Walter Raleigh and Lord Grey of Wilton were prisoners there. [An alternative date for this event has been given as 1647.] The story says that bones were found in a walled up room, laid out on a table, and the finders assumed that these were the remains of the Princes in the Tower. The bones were "esteemed" to be from children 6 and 8 years of age, certainly too young to be the missing boys, if that estimate was correct. These bones were never medically examined and have never been seen since. Molinet, a fifteenth-century French writer, had stated that the princes were left in a walled up room.
Sir George Buck, not the most reliable information source and writing in 1619, reported another finding of bones that were first thought to belong to the princes, though there was only one skeleton found high in a turret of one of the towers. It was later proven that this was an ape, which had escaped from the royal menagerie.
The Tower moat was drained between 1830 and 1840 and a great many bones were exposed some of which were attributed to the missing princes.
In 1977 another child's body was found in the Tower. It is not far reaching to assume that if this body were found at an earlier time it also would have been thought to be one of the princes. However this child's remains were Carbon Dated and it was scientifically proven that the bones belonged to a male between the ages of 13 and 16 who had lived in the time of the Iron Age.
This should open the door to a new way of looking at the bones found in the Tower and hopefully it will. For if we have one set of bones dating back to the Iron Age why can't there be more? The land on which the Tower is built has been inhabited for centuries.
The most famous set of bones believed to be those of the princes were discovered in 1674 by workmen demolishing a staircase leading to the Chapel of St John in the White Tower. There are three contemporary accounts of this discovery.
Johan Gybbon, Bluemantle Pursuivant, records in 1674:
"Friday July 17 anno 1674 in digging down some foundacons in ye Tower, were discovered ye bodies of Edw V and their Brother murdered 1483. I my selfe handled ye Bones Especially ye Kings Skull. Ye other wch was lesser was broken in ye digging."
John Knight King Charles' Principal Surgeon records in 1674:
"In order to the rebuilding of several Offices in the Tower, and to clear the White Tower from all contiguous building, digging down the stairs which led from the King's Lodgings, to the Chapel in the said Tower, about ten foot in the ground were found the Bones of two striplings in (as it seemed) a wooden chest, which upon the survey were found proportionable to the ages of those two Brothers viz. about thirteen and eleven years. The skull of the one being entire, the other broken, as were indeed many of the other Bones, also the chest, by the violence of the laborers, who cast the rubbish and them away together, wherefore they were caused to sift the rubbish, and by that means preserved all the bones. The circumstances being often discoursed with Sir Thomas Chichley, Master of the Ordinance, by whose industry the new Buildings were then in carrying on, and by whom this matter was reported to the King."
As John Knight stated above in their account "the labourers, who cast the rubbish and them away together, wherefore they were caused to sift the rubbish". When the bones were examined in 1933 animal bones were found in with the human bones. This would also give credence to John Knights account for it makes sense that when labourers sifted the rubbish to recover the bones they may well have recovered any bones they found. It is also possible that in the four years between the time the bones were discovered and when they were interred in the abbey some may have been sold off as relics and replaced with animal bones.
An anonymous undated account states:
"This day I, standing by the opening, saw working men dig out of a stairway in the White Tower, the bones of those two Princes who were foully murdered by Richard III. They were small bones, of lads in their teens and there were pieces of rag and velvet about them. Being fully recognized to be the bones of those two Princes they were carefully put aside in a stone coffin or coffer."
If this last witness could be credited it would be meaningful since the mention of velvet would mean that the bones could not be older than the 14th century since there was no velvet in England until then. However Arlington writing in 1675 discredits them when writing to Wren, who was commissioned by King Charles to make a suitable receptacle for the bones, "These are to signifie their Majesties pleasure that you provide a white Marble Coffin for the supposed bodies of ye two Princes lately found in ye Tower of London and that you caused the same to be interred in Henry ye 7th Chappell in such convenient place as the Deane of Westminster shall appoynt. And this shalbe yor warrant. Given under my hand this 18th day of February 1675. " This would then be taken to mean that there was a need for a coffin and that the bones were not already in one.
All of this brings us to the question why these bones? There were plenty of other bones discovered in the Tower but this set is buried in Westminster among kings. The answer appears to come from the writings of Thomas More. Thomas More was only six years of age when Richard III was killed at Bosworth Field, but they wrote an unpublished and unfinished book known as the History of Richard III which states,
"Whiche after that the wretches parceiued, first by the strugling with the paines of death, and after long lying styll, to be throughly dead: they laide their bodies naked out vppon the bed, and fetched sir Iames to see them. Which vpon the sight of them, caused those murtherers to burye them at the stayre foote, metely depe in the grounde vnder a great heape of stones. Than rode sir Iames in geat haste to king Richarde, and shewed them al the maner of the murther, who gaue hym gret thanks, and as som say there made them knight. But they allowed not as I have heard, the burying in so vile a corner, saying that they woulde haue them buried in a better place, because thei wer a kinges sonnes. Wherupon thei say that a prieste of syr Robert Brakenbury toke vp the bodyes again, and secretely entered them in such place, as by the occasion of their deathe, whiche onely knew it could neuer synce come to light."
Thomas More may have come down to us in history as a saint and a martyr but they certainly would never have made a name for themselves as an historian. It is very easy to discredit More because of the many known factual errors in their writings on Richard III. Their physical description of Richard III shows how people in medieval and Tudor times would have related an evil mind with an ugly body.
" little of stature, ill fetured of limmes, croke backed, their left shoulder much higher then their right, hard fauoured of visage, and suche as is in states called warlye, in other menne otherwise, they were malicious, wrathfull, enuious, and from afore their birth, euer frowarde. It is for trouth reported, that the Duches their mother had so muche a doe in their travaile, that shee coulde not bee deliuered of hym uncutte: and that hee came into the worlde with the feete forwarde, as menne bee borne outwarde, and (as the fame runneth) also not vntothed, whither menne of hatred reporte aboue the trouthe, or elles that nature chaunged their course in hys beginninge, whiche in the course of their lyfe many thinges vnnaturallye committed."
It is overkill to say the least but from an historian, even a Tudor historian, it must discredit the work of any man who made so many other mistakes such as stating: Edward IV was over fifty three at the time of their death, the woman to whom the King was said to have been troth-plighted is given the name Elizabeth Lucy, instead of Eleanor Butler. Again, More says that Warwick was negotiating a marriage alliance with the King of Spain's daughter, instead of Bona of Savoy and they place the removal of the young Duke of York from sanctuary before the execution of Hastings, instead of after.
It may be thought a strange coincidence that More should state the princes were buried deep in the ground under a heap of stones and these bodies should, indeed, be found interred in this manner. However, it should be remembered that More did NOT tell us where the burial took place, they say only that the bodies were moved to another place. The only reasonable way to approach More's "Historie of Richard III" is with a large salt cellar in hand.
Written by Becky Adorjan
copyright 2001
Edited by Geoffrey Richardson
Return to the Later Medieval Britain Homepage
