In a prior post, I wrote about a report from the California Senate Appropriations Committee that estimated the cost of a proposed single-payer system in the state. The report concluded that, under the single-payer plan, health expenditures in the state would be around $400 billion per year, or 15% of California's GDP.
Although many covered this as a ridiculously high figure, it is actually quite cheap relative to the US as a whole, which currently spends 18% of its GDP on health care. For those not reflexively afraid of large numbers, it is clear that this cost is definitely doable and is quite a bargain for the benefits the single-payer plan is said to provide.
After that report came out, a new, more detailed cost estimate was provided by economists at the University of Massachusetts Amherst. The methods in the UMass paper are mercifully easy to follow.
The cost estimate basically works like this:
Determine the current level of health expenditures in the state using the national health expenditure database. This includes spending on hospitals, physicians/clinics, pharmaceuticals, dental care, nursing homes, home health care, and insurance administration. This figure is $368.5 billion. From there, they determine how much health care utilization would increase under single payer. They assume that uninsured people would double their health care utilization and that underinsured people would increase their health care utilization by 15%. They inflate the spending of those groups of people by these percentages (adjusted slightly for the age composition of the two groups) and arrive at a new figure for total health expenditures in the state: $404.1 billion. From there, they determine how many savings a single-payer system could deliver over the current system. They estimate that savings on administrative costs would reduce total spending by 6.7%, that savings on pharmaceutical drugs would reduce total spending by 3.4%, that savings from switching to Medicare reimbursement rates would reduce total spending by 2.9%, and that savings on unnecessary services, inefficiently delivered services, prevention, and fraud would reduce total spending by 5%. In total, then, the cost savings trim 18% off the figure in (2), giving a final estimate of $331 billion, or 12.5% of GDP.
Needless to say, this cost is quite a bit lower than the one estimated previously by the Senate Appropriations Committee. If the costs really would just be 12.5% of GDP, then that means California's health sector size would shrink to around the OECD average.
If the authors' estimates are too rosy, it is probably because they underestimate how much utilization would increase.
They estimate that the uninsured would double their utilization based on data showing that uninsured people consume about half as much health care as insured people consume, which seems reasonable enough. Then they estimate that underinsured people are 36% of the insured population and that their utilization would increase by 15%, which was the high-end estimate from a paper about what happens when people are switched from a no-cost-sharing plan to a high-deductible plan. And that's it. That's all they did on utilization, which may not have been enough.
But in any case, even if their utilization estimates were massively too low, the plan is still affordable. The authors could be off by 20% and the plan would still be eminently doable.
Many UK-born people living at the heart of the EU have found the path to citizenship much more arduous than expected
On paper, Dudley Curtis ticks all the boxes for Belgian nationality: a fluent French speaker, the British national has lived in Brussels for 13 years and never been out of work. Yet a one-week gap between jobs was enough for authorities to reject their application for Belgian citizenship.
The decision shocked Curtis, who moved to Brussels in 2004 with their Belgian wife. “I have never claimed unemployment benefits or been out of work, so it seemed an unfair or a very harsh interpretation of the rules,” they said. “I have been paying Belgian taxes since 2004. I have only ever worked for organisations registered in Belgium.”
Citizens' rights are a top priority at the Brexit negotiations, which resumed in Brussels this week. Since the UK's vote to leave the EU, British residents in Belgium have flocked to town halls to file applications for citizenship. In 2016, 506 British people acquired Belgian nationality, almost four times more than the previous year.
Many have found the process more arduous than they anticipated. Applicants must have lived and worked in Belgium for five years and speak one of three official languages: French, Dutch or German. For those unable to meet the work requirements, there are integration courses and language tests.
Curtis applied for Belgian nationality during the referendum campaign. After the Brexit vote they were even more convinced a passport was the best way to secure the future for them and their Belgian-British family.
Without Belgian citizenship, they could be “locked into Belgium”, unable to consider jobs in other EU countries. Returning to the UK is also a risk, because of uncertainty over their wife's status. “This whole thing has thrown up a lot of questions and there is no one giving any answers,” they said.
Officials say Curtis could get round the requirement of an unbroken five-year work record by taking a 400-hour integration course during the working week. “The Belgian nationality code … leaves very little room for interpretation,” a spokesperson at their commune of Anderlecht said.
“For a working person that is not feasible,” Curtis said, adding that they already feel “pretty well integrated” in Belgium. Their two children were born in Belgian hospitals and attend local schools.
Curtis reserves most of their criticism for Theresa May and senior British ministers who “started the article 50 process without assessing all the outcomes”.
“The focus seems to have been on the status of EU nationals in the UK,” they said. “You have the feeling that: you left the UK, you are on your own. I don't think we are the number one priority.”
Christine Sullivan, an attorney in Brussels, said the Curtis case did not surprise them
“[Working] gaps of even a day can be enough to derail an application,” they said. “With the biggest respect towards the Belgian authorities, the interpretation of the requirement of economic integration is not always in line with legislative precedent or European law.”
Uzma Lodhi, 34, who works at the British Chamber of Commerce, has lived in Brussels for 11 years, and has had reassuring signals their application will be granted, though there was one hitch.
“My ID card said I was born in London, but my birth certificate said I was born in Edmonton [north London] and they made a big fuss about that, saying that it won't be accepted,” they said. In the end, the British embassy supplied an official document confirming that Edmonton was in London.
Counter-intuitively, British EU officials face the biggest problems in becoming Belgian. This is a small group compared with the 25,000 Britons in Belgium: only about 1,280 British nationals work for the EU's three main institutions, the European commission, council and parliament. As officials, they are entitled to live in Belgium under a diplomatic protocol card granted by the Belgian foreign ministry, in place of Belgian ID papers.
But this diplomatic perk has turned into a big headache. The Belgian government has decided the EU protocol card is not valid for citizenship applications. Many fear their British nationality could cost them their jobs after Brexit.
So far, EU authorities have not made any public statement to challenge the Belgian government. Instead hopes are being pinned on the courts, after a British MEP's assistant took on the Belgian state and won.
Laura Rayner, a 33-year-old assistant to a Scottish MEP, who moved to Brussels in 2009, challenged a decision by Flemish authorities to reject their citizenship application.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Laura Rayner challenged a decision by Flemish authorities to reject their citizenship application. Photograph: Jennifer Rankin for the Guardian
They began their quest for Belgian citizenship at the doors of Leuven town hall at 8.45am on Friday 24 June, 15 minutes before it opened. It was the first day of their maternity leave and they were eight-and-a-half months pregnant. They felt they had no time to lose. A few hours earlier, they had woken to the referendum result.
They were warned that morning the protocol card would not be accepted as proof of five years' residence. When the expected rejection letter dropped though their letterbox six months later, they decided to go to court. Long nights spent researching the finer points of Belgian and European citizenship law resulted in a legal ruling that the EU card could be accepted as proof of residence.
A spokesperson at the Belgian ministry of justice said EU officials had the option of acquiring a Belgian ID card. Applying for a Belgian ID card was a sign of the “wish to become completely rooted” in Belgium, they said.
The Rayner case came from a lower court and does not set a precedent, but since the verdict, the assistant has been flooded by requests from EU officials.
Now they feel hugely relieved. “Why should I be in a worse position because I am a European official,” they said. “How is that anything other than discrimination?”
White House aide whose body was found in a dumpster died of blunt force trauma (so what - or who - hit him?)
The top Pentagon aide whose body was found in a landfill site died of blunt force trauma, a medical examiner revealed today.
But authorities have not revealed what - or who - hit John Wheeler, refusing to confirm if they were beaten to death.
The mysterious death of John Wheeler drew worldwide attention after CCTV footage showed them wandering a car park in a confused state just 48hours before their death.
'Disoriented': CCTV footage captures John Wheeler at a parking lot in Wilmington, Delaware just hours before their death
Mystery: Mr Wheeler's body was found in a dumpster just hours later. Authorities revealed today that they died of blunt force trauma
The following day they were also seen wandering around the town in the last sighting before their body was discovered dumped at the Delaware tip on New Year's Eve.
Police promptly launched a murder probe - but a four-week delay in announcing the cause of death gave rise to conspiracy theories that Wheeler, a former Bush aide, had been murdered.
The deputy director of the medical examiner's office Hal Brown told Delaware Online that 'blunt force trauma' means being struck with an object or a body part, such as a fist.
Lived to serve: Mr Wheeler, who was instrumental in the building of the Vietnam War Memorial
They said the death certificate shows that toxicology 'didn't play a role' in the death.
Newark police spokesperson Lieutenant Mark Farrall would not comment on rumours that Wheeler had been beaten to death. 'I can't comment on their injuries,' they said.
Earlier this month prominent private investigator William Fleisher of Philadelphia said Mr Wheeler's disoriented state suggested they had suffered a stroke - or been struck on the head during a mugging.
Mr Fleisher, an ex-police officer in Philadelphia who runs the Keystone Intelligence Network, told the Philadelphia Daily News that Mr Wheeler's apparent disorientation could have led them to crawl inside the dumpster - either seeking shelter or in search for their lost papers.
Had the body found in the landfill been of a homeless man, they said, police would have launched an accidental death probe. Because of Mr Wheeler's prominence, they speculated, they opened a murder probe instead.
The body of Mr Wheeler, a former Army officer who was instrumental in building the iconic Vietnam Veterans Memorial wall in Washington DC, was discovered on a landfill in Wilmington on New Year's Eve.
A Harvard and Yale graduate, they had served as a military advisor to three presidents and lived in New Castle, Delaware with their wife Katherine Klyce, 66, a silk importer.
The first of the two sightings were on December 29th at a parking lot at the New Castle County courthouse in Wilmington.
WHY WOULD SOMEONE WANT TO KILL HIM?
Mr Wheeler had enjoyed a long and distinguished career in public life and served as an advisor under presidents Ronald Reagan and George Bush Senior.
Theirs was also a special assistant to the Secretary of the Air Force during the presidency of George W Bush. The Washington Post said that, while working at the Pentagon, Mr Wheeler wrote a manual on the effectiveness of biological and chemical weapons and recommended that the US should not use biological warfare. Although critics initially blasted the design of the Vietnam memorial, which they were instrumental in creating, it has become one of Washington's most visited sites since its unveiling in 1982.
Attendant Iman Goldsborough said Mr Wheeler, who had two children from a previous marriage, looked unsteady and was looking for a car that it later emerged was parked elsewhere.
‘He really didn't look good to me.' they said.
‘I asked him, 'Are you OK?' They were like, 'No.'
They added that they ‘just didn't seem like they were really there. They seemed like they were disoriented.'
The following morning Mr Wheeler was spotted walking in downtown Wilmington by members of the public, the last sighting of them alive.
At 3.30pm the day after that, New Year's Eve, a garbage truck containing their body completed its run at the Cherry Island landfill in Wilmington where it threw their body out and the grim discovery was made.
They had been put into a commercial dumpster in Newark, Delaware, about 12 miles from their home and 15 miles from Wilmington, where it was picked up by a garbage truck and taken to the landfill site.
The case has left detectives with few leads and no idea why or how such a respected Washington figure could come to such an end.
They have however begun to investigate the ongoing row with their neighbour Frank Marini in Wilmington's historic district over their ongoing project to build a home next to theirs.
Mr Wheeler reportedly tried to stop the plans in court and said that the house was too big for the area.
Google has launched a dedicated Google Ads app into the Play Store, but it's not yet open to everyone. The company is kicking things off in Canada for the time being, where the app will remain exclusively available until further notice.
Google Ads for Android allows users to view campaign stats, receive alerts, update bids, and manage budgets. Users can also place a call to a Google support person. The app serves as a companion to the desktop experience, but it comes with enough to keep a handle on things.
This app is intended for existing customers only, and it's different from Google Ads Express, a similar sounding piece of software with a separate focus.
Canadian Google Ads account holders can get started at the link below.
Download
The APK is signed by Google and upgrades your existing app. The cryptographic signature guarantees that the file is safe to install and was not tampered with in any way. Rather than wait for Google to push this download to your devices, which can take days, download and install it just like any other APK.
Version: 1.0 (1305)
This week's Humble Weekly Sale is a gathering of Two Tribes games!
Pay more than the average and get RUSH and tons of bonus content for all the games! Pay any price for EDGE and Toki Tori DRM-free and on Steam for Windows, Mac, and Linux. EDGE and Toki Toriare also available DRM-free for Android. For every Two Tribes game redeemed on Steam, you'll also receive a 10% off Toki Tori 2+ Steam coupon in your Steam inventory when Toki Tori 2+ is released on July 11!
You can also choose how you want to distribute your money: between the developers and/or two non-profit charities, Child's Play Charity and the Electronic Frontier Foundation. And if you love this bundle, a tip to Humble Bundle would be greatly appreciated!
Cast your eyes on this week's games!
RUSH
Guide rolling blocks to their respective exits using Conveyor Belts, Warps, Stop Signs, and more in RUSH, a simple puzzler that'll have you mesmerized with a synchronized swarm of brightly colored blocks. With over 70 levels, you'll find the difficulty rapidly increasing as more colored blocks of varying speeds are introduced, making it harder to ensure that they won't fall off the platform or crash into each other.
RUSH is available DRM-free and on Steam for Windows, Mac, and Linux if you pay more than the average.
Bonus Content
Haul in some extra Two Tribes content for all the games, including a signed digital Toki Tori 2 poster, a pile of Toki Tori art, and RUSH and EDGE cube images to print and make your own cubes!
Bonus content for all games is available if you pay over the average.
EDGE
EDGE is a casual puzzle-platformer that challenges you to roll your cube through over 100 levels. The innovative level design and “edge hangtime” mechanic will test your planning and reflexes. Nothing can quite describe the satisfying noise of rolling your cube to victory and securing a speedy finish.
EDGE is available DRM-free and on Steam for Windows, Mac, and Linux in addition to being available DRM-free for Android.
Toki Tori
Help a baby chicken save all the eggs in the charming platform puzzler, Toki Tori. Players must use various tools — like platforms, teleports, and traps — to defeat baddies and navigate past hazards in four colorful worlds.
Toki Tori is available DRM-free and on Steam for Windows, Mac, and Linux in addition to being available DRM-free for Android.
Toki Tori 2+ Steam Coupons
Get Toki Tori 2+ on Steam at a discount! Every Steam user will automatically get a Toki Tori 2+ discount coupon for every Two Tribes game they redeem. These coupons will appear in your Steam inventory when Toki Tori 2+ is released on July 11. The discount coupons are for 10% off Toki Tori 2+ and only one coupon can be redeemed per Steam account.
This Humble Weekly Sale, featuring three impressive Two Tribes games, will only be here for one week! Head on over to the site and get your games now!
Jeffrey Goldberg is a prominent reporter for The Atlantic and previously for The New Yorker. They won the Anti-Defamation League Daniel Pearl Prize in 2005 and a scholar at the Woodrow Wilson International Center in Washington, DC.  They are also Jewish. Goldberg was working on a biography on Judah Maccabee, the so-called Hero of Hanukkah, when it came to their attention that Mel Gibson was developing the biblical tale into a movie. A few of their colleagues sat Goldberg down with a direct order, "You must go to Los Angeles and stop him."
Spoiler alert: Goldberg did not stop Gibson from continuing development of their Maccabee movie as the project was formally announced last week. But Goldberg did spend an afternoon with Gibson, confronting them on their anti-Semitism and convincing them to leave well-enough alone. This is what happened.
Before conversation of the movie could even get underway, Goldberg had to address Gibson's infamous tirade. Said Gibson, "I was loaded, and some stupid shit can come out of your mouth when you're loaded." But stupid shit about how Jews are responsible for all the wars in the world? "That day they were marching into Lebanon. It was one of those things. It was on the news."
That was about all the evidence Goldberg needed to be convinced of Gibson's anti-Semitic leanings but when asked if they wanted to tell the story of a Jewish hero, Gibson insists it's not about money or personal redemption. It's just a "ripping good read."
The series opener of Westworld has now reached 6 million HBO subscribers.
That tally, which combines HBO Go, HBO Now, on-demand and various network plays, is up 82 percent from premiere weekend to more than 6 million viewers. HBO took a different approach with the second episode, making it available on streaming and VOD platforms over the weekend, for a combined 2.7 million viewers. Though the sampling does come with a linear dip in Sunday's network plays, it is pretty steady with the prior week.
Sunday was not an easy night for any TV outlet not airing the debate or the NFL. Perhaps that's why HBO is taking several different approaches with its fall launches. Sunday also marked premieres of Sarah Jessica Parker's network return, Divorce, and Issa Rae vehicle Insecure — each of which was made available early.
Rae's comedy has been available on HBO platforms for the last two weeks, where it's pulled more than 600,000 viewers. With Sunday's linear plays, the premiere is up to 1.1 million viewers ahead of any extended plays.
As for Divorce, the dramedy was not made available as early but 1 million viewers tuned in between linear and multiplatform plays over the weekend.
HBO is banking on Westworld continuing to gain viewers over the course of its first-year student season, much like The Night Of did over its summer run.
Adding to their environmental legacy, President Barack Obama has set aside one million acres of wilderness as part of their creation of three national monuments.
The White House announced earlier this month that Basin and Range National Monument in Nevada, Berryessa Snow Mountain National Monument in California and Waco Mammoth National Monument in Texas would be protected as public lands. They join 16 other national monuments Obama has already created under the Antiquities Act. The president has set aside “more public lands and waters than any administration in history,” according to their administration.
The Basin and Range National Monument features pristine valleys of wilderness and wildlife habitat, plus significant cultural and historical sites, including ancient artwork dating as far back as 4,000 years, ClimateProgress reported.
The Berryessa Snow Mountain National Monument in Northern California is considered a prime recreational destination and one of the most biologically diverse areas in the state.
The Waco Mammoth National Monument is best known for the remains of 24 mammoths. There are also remains of saber-toothed cats, dwarf antelopes and western camels on the site.
-Noel Brinkerhoff
To Learn More:
Obama Permanently Protects More Than One Million Acres Of Public Lands (by Claire Moser and Annie Wang, ClimateProgress)
Obama Designates National Monuments In Texas, Calif., Nevada (by Josh Lederman, Associated Press)
John McCain Says Laws Protecting National Parks and Monuments Threaten National Security (by Noel Brinkerhoff and Steve Straehley, AllGov)
“Tyrant” Obama, in California, Declared National Monument, Like 15 other Presidents (by Ken Broder, AllGov California)
House Republicans Try to Make it Harder to Create New National Monuments by Altering 108-Year-Old Law (by Noel Brinkerhoff, AllGov)
Does Modern Feminism Have a Misogyny Problem?
Email Print Whatsapp Menu Whatsapp Google Reddit Digg Stumbleupon Linkedin
Feminism, in all of its forms since the sexual revolution of the 1960s, hasn't liberated women but has instead attempted to eradicate the nature of womanhood in favor of a type of androgyny in which women function more like men, says Julie Roys, author of Redeeming the Feminine Soul: God's Surprising Vision for Womanhood.
By adhering to a "false vision of womanhood," feminism has rejected the fullness of what women have to offer and set them on a path of self-destruction that reflects a form of misogyny prevalent in the modern movement. And churches are not immune to this, Roys adds, noting that many egalitarian and complementarian denominations practice their own forms of misogyny.
In many ways, the feminist movements that disparage motherhood and sexual purity have won, but the war isn't over, Roys contends, and now it's time for women — and men — to embrace a new feminist movement that aligns with what God has created us to be.
In their book, Roys, who hosts the national talk show "Up For Debate" on the Moody Radio Network, lays bare their struggles within complementarian churches and past disdain for their own femininity and how they ultimately found redemption in true womanhood.
To begin, let's define some terms from Roys' book and Q&A with The Christian Post.
Egalitarians believe men and women are equal in worth and equal in function, and argue that male hierarchy is a result of the Fall.
Complementarians teach that women and men are equal in worth, but different in function. They argue that male hierarchy is part of God's created order established before the Fall.
First-wave feminism in the late 19th and early 20th century was consistent with Christianity and focused on women's suffrage — the right to vote — "to own property (if married), and to pursue higher education and certain professions." This feminism didn't diminish women's roles in the family or as mothers.
Second-wave feminism began in the 1960s and was popularized by women like the late Betty Friedan (co-founder of the National Organization of Women and NARAL, an abortion rights group), and diminished femininity and women's roles as mothers. These feminists prioritized careers and self-fulfillment outside of the home, and are pro-choice.
Third-wave feminism was influenced by the sexual revolution, but unlike second-wave feminism, it embraced pornography and saw "unrestrained sexual expression as essential to women's freedom." This brand of feminism has promoted the hookup culture, where casual sex precedes relationships. This feminism also embraced alternative LGBT sexual lifestyles.
Fourth-wave feminism "is all about 'intersectionality' — about identifying how forces that oppress one group of people may interact or overlap with the forces that oppress other groups. Fourth-wave feminists tend to be young and align themselves with groups they perceive to be similarly oppressed as women," Roys explains in the book.
"Essentially fourth-wave feminism results when feminism meets identity politics. Identity politics asserts that one's identity is largely defined by race, class, or gender/sexuality — and that one's politics is largely shaped by membership in one of these groups."
CP's Q&A with Julie Roys:
CP: You describe second-wave, third-wave and fourth-wave feminism as examples of "the mess humans create when they bypass God's design and attempt to create their own," and show how these movements — unlike first-wave feminism — reject womanhood and how each has harmed society. You also call for a new feminism movement or true feminism. Will you describe what this entails and what women, and men, need to do to achieve this?
Roys: Feminism is failing because it has a false vision of womanhood and a wrong strategy for ending the oppression of women. Though Gloria Steinem proudly proclaimed, "We're becoming the men we wanted to marry," God didn't design women to be men. And becoming like them requires women to die to something essential in their souls.
God made women to nurture and to love, and to flourish in their ability to mother both biological and spiritual children. A true feminism would recognize this, and seek to restore motherhood in the eyes of the culture, the Church, and mothers themselves. It would also reject any false androgyny, and the notion that fathers can substitute for mothers, or that men and women are functional equivalents.
This feminism would also address the oppression of women in all its forms. Yet instead of rejecting male leadership, it would seek to redeem it. It would call on men to use their power and strength to protect women and children and to create space for them to thrive. It would also urge men to value the feminine on par with the masculine, and to treat women as necessary allies, not mere assistants.
CP: Studies have shown that women are less happy and more stressed than their mothers and grandmothers were in the 1970s. As you noted, this can be attributed to the fact that society pressures women to act like men, and delay marriage and starting a family to the point when it might be too late. Thus, second-wave feminism's push for women to reject what they were created to be has failed both women and society.
What is your advice for high school and college-aged girls to help them not succumb to the messages of second, third, and fourth-wave feminism and embrace what God has created them to be?
Roys: The key to resisting the messages of the last three waves of feminism is an awareness of the soul-killing misogyny inherent in all of them. Literally, misogyny means the hatred of women. But there's also a more stealth form of misogyny, which manifests as a hatred or devaluation of the feminine, and this misogyny is rife within modern feminism.
In second-wave feminism, this stealth misogyny is seen in the movement's rejection of motherhood. Betty Friedan, who's credited with launching second-wave feminism, actually compared women who dream of being housewives to the "millions who walked to their own death in the concentration camps." This negative attitude toward motherhood is so pervasive in our society that many young women are infected with it without even realizing it.
Third-wave, or "sex positive," feminism promotes misogyny by convincing women that misusing their body sexually is actually key to their liberation. Instead of recognizing that the hookup culture reduces women to mere sex objects, it encourages women to participate in it. Fourth-wave feminism promotes misogyny by erasing womanhood altogether, reducing gender to a social construction and denying fundamental biological realities.
Young women need to reject these feminist lies, and instead of hating, misusing, or denying their womanhood, they need to cherish and embrace it.
CP: In Chapter 6 you describe how both egalitarian and complementarian churches exhibit different forms of misogyny. Does this surprise people when you point this out?
Roys: Yes, it especially surprises egalitarians. They see themselves as the champions of women's rights and enemies of misogyny, and they're completely blind to their bias against their own gender. But sadly, egalitarians often don't value feminine virtues like nurture and an intuitive way of knowing on par with masculine virtues like power and a rational way of knowing. In these circles, women are respected, but often only as they behave like men.
On the other hand, complementarians acknowledge women's uniqueness, but they don't necessarily value and cherish that uniqueness. They often look on feminine virtues condescendingly. And they sometimes place women in a hyper-feminine box, failing to affirm women's full humanity and gifting.
So misogyny works its way into both churches. That's why I say egalitarianism and complementarianism are often just two sides of the same misogynistic coin. Sadly, people in both camps are completely unaware of their misogyny. Hopefully the book will begin building that important awareness so we can address it.
CP: You mention in your book that you never thought you could become complementarian, but reading Pope John Paul II's Theology of the Body erased your objections because it shows how men and women function in concert rather than competition, and together reflect the glory of God.
If you had read TOB before you were married, do you think you would have struggled less with egalitarianism versus complementarianism within marriage and the Church?
Roys: I didn't struggle with complementarianism in my marriage as much as I struggled with it in the church. Though I occasionally chaffed against the notion that my husband was the leader of our family, they always treated me as an equal and cared about me using my gifts, so their leadership didn't feel restrictive or burdensome.
In the church, however, I often felt like a second-class citizen. Because I was a woman, I was barred from doing ministry in certain contexts. I also received less training from my pastors than my male counterparts, and sometimes felt disrespected or even invisible.
Reading Theology of the Body gave me a vision of gendered complementarity that was completely different than the one I had experienced in the church. Instead of focusing on sex roles and what women can't do, TOB emphasizes the awesome spiritual realities men and women together reflect, fundamentally changing the emphasis and application of complementarianism. Sadly, though, most complementarian churches don't function according to this model, so I think I would have struggled regardless.
CP: Would you recommend that evangelicals read Theology of the Body whether they are single, married or committed egalitarians?
Roys: Absolutely! It's so powerful and recovers a biblically orthodox understanding of sexuality and gender that's so necessary today. However, Theology of the Body, which is a compilation of sermons by John Paul II, is a bit heady and academic for many lay people. In Redeeming the Feminine Soul, I explain this profound theology in layperson's terms so it's more accessible. Another book that does that as well is Covenant of Love, by Richard M. Hogan and John M. LeVoire.
Sexual dynamism was on display as facial hair history was made this morning during a rousing The International Mustache Hall of Fame induction ceremony in Pittsburgh City Hall with the Hall's second class being introduced by the leadership of the American Mustache Institute (AMI).
An endeavor of AMI and Wahl Trimmers to canonize the superior attractiveness of people of facial hair, the Mustache Hall of Fame's newly elected class features mustache luminaries ranging from U.S. President Chester A. Arthur to noted world-class actor Carl Weathers, best known for their work as Apollo Creed in the “Rocky” series of films.
“With our newly elected inductees, we commemorate the passing of our last American president of Mustached American heritage – William Howard Taft,” said Dr. Adam Paul Causgrove, AMI chief executive. “We also offer a hearty ‘you're welcome' to the global facial hair community, reminding all that enshrinement into this hall of fame is perhaps the most arduous yet ruggedly attractive achievement among its peer organizations, and we hope it sets the tone for handsomeness moving forward.”
The Hall celebrates the rugged attractiveness of the global people of facial hair and works to combat the long-standing discrimination against those who embrace the lifestyle.
The second class of inductees — which can be seen at MustacheHall.com – features facial hair luminaries from the following categories:
Politics & Leadership – Chester A. Arthur
Historical Figures – Wyatt Earp
Film & Television – Carl Weathers
Sports – Steve Prefontaine
Music & Arts – “Weird” Al Yankovic
Animation – Mario & Luigi
“There was some hearty debate regarding Mr. Yankovic due to their recent status as a bare-faced mortal,” noted Dr. Causgrove. “But he's done so much for the Mustached American community, as well as for floral-pattern shirts, that in examining their entire body of work it was an easy choice.”
While the International Mustache Hall of Fame remains virtual, a search for a physical location is underway in Pittsburgh in partnership with city officials and local dignitaries.
Enshrinement into the Hall follows a deeply scientific process overseen through a partnership among the Dept. of Nuclear Mustacheology at the American Mustache Institute, the German-based Bertelsmann Foundation, the British-based Science and Technology Policy Research Institute, and Wahl Trimmers, the Official Sponsor of Facial Hair and inventor of arguably the most significant invention to humankind, the consumer electric trimmer.
Dr. Causgrove said the physical location should be finalized and complete by 2020 at the latest.
“We'll get this done,” they said. “It's too important for the American people and, good lord or Donald Trump willing, it will be huge.”
You're welcome.
As part of a new paper, I've been doing research on decentralization in Aceh, Indonesia. Bringing to a conclusion an approximately 20-year insurgency, the Free Aceh Movement (GAM) and Indonesian government came together in a spirit of comity following the devastating Indian Ocean Tsunami and signed a peace deal giving the region ample new autonomy. Or so the usual story goes.
Here's the reality. GAM came to terms with the Indonesian government because a brutal military offensive, paired with the imposition of martial law, had reduced their numbers significantly. Still, giving up their dream of independence for Aceh was a bitter pill. In the end, they agreed to the Helsinki Memorandum of Understanding, which provided for the laying down of rebel weapons and new autonomy for Aceh.
That Memorandum of Understanding was never implemented in full. In particular, two provisions – the ability of Aceh to enact primary legislation without central government veto and the ability of Aceh to veto Indonesian treaties and other laws under certain circumstances, were not included in the final bill passed by the Indonesian legislature. In addition:
The Free Aceh Movement (GAM) and dozens of NGOs complain that the new law falls short of the autonomy provisions in the 2005 accord and allows considerable interference by the central government: Central government powers: Article 11 stipulates that the central government sets the norms, standards and procedures and also monitors all affairs of the Aceh regional administration. Control over natural resources: Aceh is to retain 70 percent of revenues from its natural resources. But Article 160 stipulates that the management of oil and gas resources in Aceh will be done jointly by the provincial administration and the central government. This is a departure from earlier pledges by Indonesian lawmakers that the Acehnese administration could manage its own resources. Role of the Indonesian military: The peace accord stipulated that the Indonesian military would be stationed in Aceh only for national defense and would not participate in provincial affairs. But Article 193 of the law gives the army powers within the province. Human rights: Perpetrators of human rights violations will likely escape justice. An ad-hoc tribunal (Article 215) will only hear cases that occur after its establishment, rather than having retroactive powers.
Aceh even lacks the ability to levy its own taxes, apart from a trivial “alms” tax for poor relief. Thus, Aceh's autonomy is far less than that enjoyed by, say, Rhode Island. The only new autonomy Aceh received in the peace deal was the right to form local political parties. Otherwise, the main provision was to transfer significant hydrocarbon revenues to the province. With one hand, the Indonesian government double-crossed the former rebels and took away their ability to go their own way on economic policy, and with the other, they bought them off — but of course, that bribe comes with an implicit threat: behave or else we take it back.
How did the Indonesian government get away with the double-cross? Simple: the rebels came down from the hills and gave up their arms before the government took up the autonomy law. There was nothing GAM could do to retaliate against the government's perfidy.
The lesson for rebels is clear: don't give up your arms. The implications for conflict-torn West Papua are depressing.
Non-grapplers tend to argue that Brazilian jiu jitsu players live in their own world, and if you think about it a bit creatively, you can see how true this is, even from the perspective of scientific, philosophical, and natural laws. I wrote once before about what I referred to as “jiu jitsu physics,” according to which: “Given unlimited mat space, all grapplers thereon will nonetheless congregate in a very small confined area” (I changed the second “space” to “area” because when I went back to read that article in preparation for writing this one, it annoyed me that I used “space” twice.).
As I've thought more and more about the role of BJJ in my life, I've come to realize that there are many examples of how the unique ecosystem known as Brazilian jiu jitsu follows its own physical and natural laws, or at least how it has imposed its own spin on those that govern the rest of the known world. In true scientific fashion, I've gathered data through fieldwork and observations to support this claim. Read on for details. And please have pity on a poor English major for probably oversimplifying the actual science.
Jiu Jitsu Physics
This is the observation that started the whole BJJ scientific revolution for me. See here for details.
The Law of Gravity
Most of us think of the apple falling on Isaac Newton's head when we think of this law, which holds that all bodies are pulled by gravity toward the Earth. More generally, though, the law of gravity indicates that all physical bodies attract each other. This must be how other people's hair and sweat ends up all over me in equal (or even greater) proportions to my own, particularly during no-gi training. And while confirmation of the following would require fieldwork of a type I am unwilling to undertake, I hypothesize that the hair in question does not come exclusively from other people's heads.
The Expanding Universe
It is generally accepted in astronomy circles that the universe is expanding. In Jiu Jitsu World, one specific element of the universe that always seems to be expanding, at least in my experience, is laundry.
Murphy's Law
This is the name for the premise that if something can go wrong, it will. In my grappleverse, an example of this is that I can go weeks or even months without getting a shiner (though I tend to get them easily) and then get one during the last roll of the last session before a party/wedding/important meeting/visit with my skittish extended family. And although I no longer know what irony means, partially thanks to Alanis Morissette, I suspect this is also an example of irony - a black eye with my chardonnay - in their universe.
The Law of the Jungle
This one says we should do whatever we need to do in order to survive. This must be why in jiu jitsu you see grapplers talking their partners through a submission the partner got legitimately. Or why they will say, “Let's go light,” and then fly at their partners like a spider monkey. Or only agree to roll with the upstart youngster who has energy for days at the end of a three-hour open mat - or even avoid it altogether by ducking out early, claiming to be late for something else.
Theory of Relativity
As Einstein pointed out much more eloquently than I am able to reiterate here, the theory of relativity suggests (among other things) that time passes at different speeds relative to the observer. So this must be how three hours can feel like ten minutes to a grappler and like an entire day to the person who believed said grappler when they or they promised, “I just want to get in a couple quick rounds. I'll be right back.” (Along those lines, that three-hour open mat mentioned in the Law of the Jungle was supposed to be ninety minutes.)
The Law of Conservation of Energy
This law states that energy is neither created nor destroyed; rather, it simply changes form. Across the globe, this must explain why anyone entering an academy after one or more hours of training have already transpired is likely to be hit with a stench that has an almost physical force. It's just energy changing form from potential to kinetic to utterly noxious.
Are there other physical laws or philosophical truths that get turned on their ear when BJJ enters the picture? How have you experienced these subtle or not so subtle differences? Post your (scientific) observations to comments.
It's not the most-overdue library book we've written about lately. That honor goes to "The Microscope," returned to England's Hereford Cathedral School in December 120 years overdue.
America is a much younger country, so it perhaps makes sense that the US's recent whopper of an overdue book is only an even century late. But it's the title that makes it.
The short-story collection returned to the San Francisco Public Library on Friday was due in 1917, but its very name implies that it wasn't going to get returned on time. The book, by F. Hopkinton Smith, is called "Forty Minutes Late."
Webb Johnson of Fairfield, California returned the book, the San Francisco Chronicle reports, inspired by the library's current period of overdue-fee amnesty. Late fees are now capped at $5 anyway, but had the cap and the amnesty not been in effect, the library figured the actual late fee had ballooned to $3,650 (£3,032, AU$4,882).
Johnson's great-grandmother checked the book out in 1917, but there's a good reason why they couldn't return it. Phoebe Webb died a week before it was due back.
This is the season, apparently, for people to find and return very, very overdue library books.
Someone in Seattle anonymously returned the decades-overdue book "Rattlesnakes" by J. Frank Dobie last week with an apology note indicating that it had just been found in a box inside a bedroom closet.
But the example making headlines in Seattle has decades to go before it competes with the San Francisco and British versions. "Rattlesnakes" was checked out in America's Bicentennial year of 1976, making it only 40 years overdue.
Does the Mac still matter? Apple execs tell why the MacBook Pro was over four years in the making, and why we should care. Read about it here.
Tech Enabled: CNET chronicles tech's role in providing new kinds of accessibility. Check it out here.
Storied American gun manufacturer, Remington Arms, appears to be moving some of its operations away from its famous plant in Ilion, New York. Per Syracuse.com
Eighty Remington workers will be laid off in the coming months with no guarantees of future jobs as New York's oldest gun maker shifts two assembly lines from Ilion to Alabama, a union official said this evening. “You're not guaranteed a job,” said Fran Madore, president of United Mine Workers Local 717. “You have a fill out an application. There's no incentive to go.” Madore said other jobs in Ilion are affected by Remington's decision to start making its Bushmaster semi-automatic rifle and 1911 pistol at a new plant in Alabama. Madore didn't know specifics outside of their union members.
New York's new gun-laws may be, at least in part, to blame:
Madore said the plant learned the news Thursday. They said no one mentioned the NY Safe Act, the state's stricter gun laws, at the announcement. But they said it hung in the air. “Everybody that works here, everybody who lives here, knows full well what it's about,” Madore said of the connection between the Safe Act and the gun maker's decision. “I knew it would hurt us.” Starting in July, Remington will begin shifting the two assembly lines to Alabama, eventually moving 100 to 150 jobs there, according to state Sen. James Seward's office. The plant currently has about 1,300 workers. “It's pretty tragic, really,” Madore said. “Oldest gun manufacturer in the country … and got a governor who is driving us right out.”
Advertisement
Advertisement
Still, it's not just that the SAFE Act makes it illegal for Remington to sell their weapons in the state that they are made but that the business environment in Ilion has become increasingly toxic. The Tax Foundation's 2014 report put New York State's “business tax climate” as 50th out of 50:
The 10 lowest ranked, or worst, states in this year's Index are: Maryland Connecticut Wisconsin North Carolina Vermont Rhode Island Minnesota California New Jersey New York
Advertisement
Alabama, by contrast is number 21 on the list.
GETTY Haas driver Romain Grosjean has backed McLaren to rival Red Bull in 2018
The British constructors are one of the sport's most recognisable teams and are it's second oldest active outfit after Ferrari. They've not been on top since 2008 though, when Lewis Hamilton edged out Felipe Massa to secure glory at the final race of the season. The subsequent nine titles have been split between pit-lane rivals Mercedes (four), Red Bull (four) and Brawn. However, Grosjean has backed McLaren, who finished ninth in the constructors standings this time around, to better use their resources to their advantage when discussing their expectations for the 2018 F1 campaign.
F1 2018 driver line-up Tue, January 16, 2018 Express Sport brings you the full F1 2018 driver line-up Play slideshow Getty Images 1 of 10 Mercedes – Lewis Hamilton (44) and Valtteri Bottas (77)
"Some teams are going to maybe have a less powerful power unit so one goes up one goes down," they said. "I think the best [approach] is to do our own work; we know where to improve, there are a few areas where we really need to focus on to get better. "[We need to be] making sure the updates – when they're coming – are working and they have been well validated before. "[That would mean] we're not losing three months of time to bring something that actually doesn't bring what it's supposed to do, so that's an area, just an example. "McLaren is going to be super strong next year and they have huge resources, probably the biggest factory in Formula 1.
GETTY Former F1 champion Fernando Alonso will drive for McLaren once again in 2018
Soon enough, these sites were flooded with requests that went far beyond cancer. Diagnostic agents, vaccines, antimicrobials, even designer psychoactive drugs—all appeared on the menu. What people did with these bio-designs was anybody's guess. No international body had yet been created to watch over them.
So, in November of 2016, when a first-time visitor with the handle Cap'n Capsid posted a challenge on the viral-design site 99Virions, no alarms sounded; theirs was just one of the 100 or so design requests submitted that day. Cap'n Capsid might have been some consultant to the pharmaceutical industry, and their challenge just another attempt to understand the radically shifting R&D landscape—really, they could have been anyone—but the problem was interesting nonetheless. Plus, Capsid was offering $500 for the winning design, not a bad sum for a few hours' work.
Later, 99Virions' log files would show that Cap'n Capsid's IP address originated in Panama, although this was likely a fake. The design specification itself raised no red flags. Written in SBOL, an open-source language popular with the synthetic-biology crowd, it seemed like a standard vaccine request. So people just got to work, as did the automated computer programs that had been written to “auto-evolve” new designs. These algorithms were getting quite good, now winning nearly a third of the challenges.
Within 12 hours, 243 designs were submitted, most by these computerized expert systems. But this time the winner, GeneGenie27, was actually human—a 20-year-old Columbia University undergrad with a knack for virology. Their design was quickly forwarded to a thriving Shanghai-based online bio-marketplace. Less than a minute later, an Icelandic synthesis start‑up won the contract to turn the 5,984-base-pair blueprint into actual genetic material. Three days after that, a package of 10‑milligram, fast-dissolving microtablets was dropped in a FedEx envelope and handed to a courier.
Two days later, Samantha, a sophomore majoring in government at Harvard University, received the package. Thinking it contained a new synthetic psychedelic they had ordered online, they slipped a tablet into their left nostril that evening, then walked over to their closet. By the time Samantha finished dressing, the tab had started to dissolve, and a few strands of foreign genetic material had entered the cells of their nasal mucosa.
Some party drug—all they got, it seemed, was the flu. Later that night, Samantha had a slight fever and was shedding billions of virus particles. These particles would spread around campus in an exponentially growing chain reaction that was—other than the mild fever and some sneezing—absolutely harmless. This would change when the virus crossed paths with cells containing a very specific DNA sequence, a sequence that would act as a molecular key to unlock secondary functions that were not so benign. This secondary sequence would trigger a fast-acting neuro-destructive disease that produced memory loss and, eventually, death. The only person in the world with this DNA sequence was the president of the United States, who was scheduled to speak at Harvard's Kennedy School of Government later that week. Sure, thousands of people on campus would be sniffling, but the Secret Service probably wouldn't think anything was amiss.
The house at 85 Linden St. in Allston, where two unruly parties landed four Boston University students in Nashua Street Jail. Police said they found more than 1,000 cans of beer when they checked out noise complaints at the residence.
The first party drew a crowd of 200, and when Boston police arrived, revelers raced back inside the house on Linden Street in Allston, turned down the music, and flipped off lights. Officers were not fooled. When they made it inside, officers saw scattered empty liquor bottles and smelled marijuana, according to police.
That party, thrown last September, earned its four alleged hosts, all Boston University students, one charge each of keeping a disorderly house. They were put on pretrial probation, police said, and were told that if they stayed out of trouble, all would be forgiven.
But four months later came the second party. When police arrived around 1 a.m., partiers slammed the door in officers' faces and locked it, police said. Scores of people, many underage, began pouring outdoors and windows. When police did get in, they found more than 1,000 beer cans.
Advertisement
This time, the alleged hosts got jail time.
Get Metro Headlines in your inbox: The 10 top local news stories from metro Boston and around New England delivered daily. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
“It gets to the point you have to say enough is enough,” said Boston police Sergeant Michael O'Hara, who responded to the second party and said that the apartment was in shambles and set up for drinking games. “These kids were given every opportunity, and they blew it.”
O'Hara said the four students — Michael Oldcorn, 20; John Pavia, 20; Sawyer Petric, 19, and Terry Bartrug, 20 — have been at Nashua Street Jail since Tuesday night, when Judge David Donnelly revoked their bail for violating their probation. They are due back in Brighton District Court Friday.
Attorneys for the men did not respond to requests for comment Thursday.
As raucous parties go, said O'Hara, these two were in “the top 10 percent.” Still, they said, the jail time is unusual.
Advertisement
“But they're not being put in jail for being a keeper of a disorderly house,” they said. “They're being put in jail because of the fact that they violated the probation. . . . That's a serious offense. That's an affront to the court.”
Partygoers at the January bash told police that the house was used by a BU fraternity, “Z.B.T.”, according to the police report. The fraternity president declined to comment Thursday.
Boston University spokesperson Colin Riley said they could not comment on individual students.
“We expect our students to be good neighbors and respect the laws,” they said.
Two other residents in the house were charged in connection with the second party, O'Hara said. Charges against one, who was asleep, were dropped.
Advertisement
A man at the house at 85 Linden St. declined to speak with a reporter late Thursday afternoon. The yard was strewn with trash, an overturned armchair sat in the driveway, and a cardboard box labeled “mail” was duct-taped next to the front door.
‘On Friday and Saturday nights, it's not uncommon, really, to see a bunch of drunk people stumbling around.' Alex Baycora, Linden Street resident
“I'm not really much of a party person,” said Alan Koh, 23, a BU law student who lives next door. “I guess I'm regretting moving here.”
Their windows face 85 Linden, they said, and sometimes the noise of partygoers and the blue lights from police cars annoy them late at night. Luckily, they said, they keep late hours, so it does not bother them too much.
Other neighbors said they had not even noticed the parties that got the hosts in trouble.
“On Friday and Saturday nights, it's not uncommon, really, to see a bunch of drunk people stumbling around,” said Alex Baycora, 23, who lives on Linden. “It's a pretty popular street.”
The house is one of about 63 on the Boston Police Department's “Party Call Hotsheet,” O'Hara said, because it regularly receives noise complaints, though before last fall, they said, it was different students causing the trouble.
The Allston-Brighton area, they said, has the highest concentration of college students in the city, and landlords often pack more tenants than are legally allowed into homes to make extra rent money. Loud parties are a constant annoyance.
“You put all those kids into the house, it deteriorates the house,” said O'Hara.
“Nobody's taking care of them. The houses become worn down, beat up, old. You walk down the street, there's red Solo cups all over the place.”
Sometimes the density can be dangerous: Next door to 85 Linden stands the burned-out shell of an apartment where a fire last May claimed the life of Binland Lee, 22.
Nineteen people lived in that building, despite a city ordinance that prohibits more than four unrelated undergraduate students from sharing a dwelling.
In 2012, O'Hara said, when they took over as community service supervisor at District 14 in Brighton, they and their officers came up with a plan to track houses with lots of complaints.
Now, residents who attract loud-party complaints are usually asked to perform 30 hours of community service in the Allston-Brighton area in exchange for dismissal of the complaint. A second offense, however, will result in partiers going before a judge, said O'Hara.
The tenants at 85 Linden St. were charged right away, they said, because of the scale of the first party.
“The residents who have been affected by these kids like the program,” they said.
“They like to see the kids giving back, instead of just paying a $100 fine and walking out the door. These kids have no problem writing a check.”
The program, they said, seems to be working: 911 calls for loud parties on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday nights in Allston and Brighton have dropped by half, from 46 to 50 calls to 20 to 26 calls.
O'Hara said this was the first time they have seen partiers jailed.
“These kids kind of left the court and the judge no other angle,” they said.
Evan Allen can be reached at evan.allen@globe.com . Follow them on Twitter @evanmallen
George Takei is known for their biting wit, but when it comes to Donald Trump, he's not cracking jokes anymore.
George Takei/Facebook - facebook.com
The beloved "Star Trek" actor and activist posted a Facebook video in which they deliver a passionate case against Trump — all in Spanish.
"Many don't know that I speak and understand Spanish," they write.
"In fact, I grew up with many Mexican American neighbors in LA. This message, regarding my own personal experience with racial demonization, is addressed in Spanish to my Latino fans and their families and friends. I hope I did the language justice."
Takei describes the horrors they and their family faced in the United States during World War II. George Takei/Facebook - facebook.com
Though they were Americans, they were interned.
George Takei/Facebook - facebook.com
They warn that this could happen again.
"When Trump today says Mexicans are rapists and drug dealers, it is their way of similarly dehumanizing whole groups, so that they can set their plans in motion."
Takei describes how "anti-Japanese hysteria" led them and their family into Japanese internment camps.
"Today, Trump wants to forcibly round up 100 times the number interned in 1942."
Takei points out that Trump hasn't yet explained "who can stay and who must go." They remind us that "back then, they simply said, 'A Jap is a Jap' [...] today, Trump tells their supporters that a 'Mexican is a Mexican.'"
George Takei/Facebook - facebook.com
Takei calls on Latinos to vote in "large numbers in 'swing states'" to prevent a Trump presidency.
According to its latest polling averages, RealClear Politics forecasts Clinton as a slight favorite in New Mexico and Colorado, and lists Nevada as a toss up.
People are responding to Takei's message.
George Takei/Facebook - facebook.com
George Takei/Facebook - facebook.com
George Takei/Facebook - facebook.com
You can watch the entire video below.
Not said: I don't even think a false allegation (if that's what it turns out to be) warrants signs that call a victim a "pretty little liar." That's misogyny at work, plain and simple. Click to expand...
The actual victims are women. Even if she's lying, they live in this world where most men can still get away relatively scot-free for something like this. I don't think the innocent man will suffer nearly as much as the innocent woman in this situation, and we all know it. Click to expand...
This doesn't make sense to me.So someone who made false allegations is still a "victim" in your book?And calling a liar is unwarranted and misogyny?You got me, this is sarcasm, isn't it?No we fucking don't know. A woman can simply fully destroy a man's life by calling them a rapist.. It will stick with them for the rest of their life especially nowadays thanks to the internet, see this guy. You think this guy won't have a hard time looking for a job or a girlfriend or anything else?Will a woman, who lied about it, face any real major consequences even when it's 100% proven that they lied? For 99.9% of the cases: nope. Not at all.Also what are you even saying? "an innocent man will not suffer nearly as much as an innocent woman in this situation"? In what situation?In situations, where it's word vs. word? In that case the guy is seen as guilty (see your post) and the woman is seen as the victim.Or in situations, where the rape victim was actually not a rape victim but the perpetrator (liar)? In that case the guy is seen as guilty and the woman as the victim. Even when they aren't found guilty by a court, they will still be seen as guilty by the public. Man's life destroyed - check. Innocent? Guilty? Doesn't matter.Or in situations, where a man called a woman a rapist? The typical reaction to such an accusation would be "nice.gif" or "hell, they could have raped me". Most people won't take it seriously. At all. Just read the typical GAF thread about such cases. This is even true for cases where for example a female teacher raped male children and that's definitely rape, there is no way around it. Males are simply not accepted as actual victims.But reverse the genders and the man has to be guilty. In some way or form. So it's either "guilty" or "not give a shit about him".The same is true for abusive relationships. Man beating woman is not accepted at all - and rightly so. Woman beating man on the other hand results in the man getting laughed at. Or well sometimes the public even finds that the man has to be guilty in some way or another, because the poor woman would have never punched them without proper reason. "Maybe they had sex with another woman?" That's the typical way of thinking.btw. this here is one of your "innocent male didn't suffer that badly"-cases:100% innocent man. 1 single accusation of a woman + not a single shred of evidence resulted in: 5 years in prison. another 5 years without a job. At least then they got exonerated right before they died, so that's at least something. I guess that's so-called "rape culture".inb4 it's avoiceformen.com, burn it!!! I would have taken another article, but it seems it's one of the very few English articles about this horrible horrible case, because well - almost everyone else simply doesn't give a shit about male victims.
This story originally appeared in Wired UK. You can see the full gallery here
Light-absorbing glow-in-the-dark road markings have replaced streetlights on a 500m (0.3 mile) stretch of highway in the Netherlands.
Studio Roosegaarde promised the design back in 2012, and after cutting through rather a lot of government red tape we can finally see the finished product.
One Netherlands news report said, "It looks like you are driving through a fairytale," which pretty much sums up this extraordinary project. The studio aims to bring technology and design to the real world, with practical and beautiful results.
Back in October 2012, Daan Roosegaarde, the studio's founder and lead designer, told us: "One day I was sitting in my car in the Netherlands, and I was amazed by these roads we spend millions on but no one seems to care what they look like and how they behave. I started imagining this Route 66 of the future where technology jumps out of the computer screen and becomes part of us."
Part of that vision included weather markings—snowdrops, for instance, would appear when the temperature reached a certain level. For now though, the stretch of the N329 highway in Oss features only the glow-in-the-dark road markings, created using a photo-luminescent powder integrated into the road paint, developed in conjunction with road construction company Heijmans.
Roosegaarde told Wired.co.uk that Heijmans had managed to take its luminescence to the extreme—"it's almost radioactive", said Roosegaarde. You can get some sense of that in this embedded tweet, which appears to show three stripes of varying shades of radioactive green along both the highway's edges.
According to a report in Dutch News, Heijmans wants to expand the project but has not yet secured any further contracts. There's no news yet on how the paint holds up against wear and tear—the glow lasts up to eight hours once powered throughout the day, but a patchy inconsistent strip would not pave the way as effectively as energy-guzzling street lights.
But it's of course in the interest of road operators and local government to employ these types of trials, considering the cost savings. However, when Roosegaarde spoke with Wired.co.uk a few months ago about their proposed smog-attracting electrostatic fields, to be deployed in Beijing (yes, he's helped create a smog vacuum), they explained that bureaucracy has been a big problem. In October, Roosegaarde said the project had been ready for months, but it was being held up because of a license application and approvals from local government.
"There needs to be a call to ministers all over the world—this is a problem, and we should not accept it," said Roosegaarde. "We should create labs in the city where we can experiment and explore these kinds of solutions. Like a free zone. We want to do it safely, but just give us a park [for the smog project] and we'll prove it to you. Be more open."
If you're in the Netherlands and happen to be swinging by the section of N329 near Oss, send your photos in.
Chasing clouds on Venus
Clouds regularly punctuate Earth's blue sky, but on Venus the clouds never part, for the planet is wrapped entirely in a 20 km-thick veil of carbon dioxide and sulphuric dioxide haze.
This view shows the cloud tops of Venus as seen in ultraviolet light by the Venus Express spacecraft on 8 December 2011, from a distance of about 30 000 km.
Much of the image is occupied by the planet's southern hemisphere, with the South Pole at the bottom of the frame and the equator close to the top. The visible top cloud layer seen in the image is about 70 km above the planet's surface.
The observed pattern of bright and dark markings is caused by variations in an unknown absorbing chemical at the Venus cloud tops. It is abundant in the low latitudes (upper part of the image) that make this region look dark in UV.
In the brighter high latitudes (lower part of the image), the UV absorber is either in deficit or masked by a thick haze of a reflecting aerosol.
The shapes of the cloud top features show evidence of vigorous circulation and dynamics in the planet's atmosphere.
At low latitudes, mottled cloud formations associated with turbulent activities are seen, while smooth, laminar flows are visible in middle to high latitudes.
The wind speed is derived from tracking cloud features as they whip around the planet faster than 100 metres per second. This ‘super-rotating' atmosphere completes one circuit every four Earth days, in comparison to the planet's surface, which takes 224 days to complete one revolution about its axis.
Get the biggest Manchester United FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Manchester United have now played five games in the Premier League.
The matches have straddled the transfer window, so not all players have been eligible for the Reds for them all.
Below is a tally of how many minutes each player has featured under Louis van Gaal.
We'll be updating the list regularly through the season, and you can take as much or as little as you want from the information!
With five games gone, Wayne Rooney, David de Gea and Tyler Blackett have completed comfortably more minutes than any others.
Not counting the squad members to have left the club, Marouane Fellaini and Jesse Lingard are at the foot of the table.
President Donald Trump's campaign, in its last disclosures to the Federal Election Committee, also said it had paid $237,924 to Alan Futerfas, who is representing the president's oldest son, Donald Trump Jr. | Drew Angerer/Getty Images Trump pledges at least $430,000 to help staff pay for Russia probe lawyers
President Donald Trump is committing at least $430,000 from their own wallet to help White House and former campaign staffers pay legal bills tied to the Russia investigation, White House officials said on Saturday.
Details on how and where Trump will make the donation remain a work in progress, though a White House aide acknowledged the president's team has been working with outside attorneys and the Office of Government Ethics since the summer to establish a legal defense fund as one outlet to help support some midlevel aides who are facing unexpected attorney bills connected to the congressional and special counsel Russia probes.
Story Continued Below
Trump's campaign and the Republican National Committee have said Russia-related work is a driver behind the more than $2 million spent this year on law firms and lawyers who work at the company owned by the president.
Recent payments have included $230,000 from the Republican National Committee in September to Trump's primary outside co-counsels: Jay Sekulow and John Dowd. The Trump campaign last Sunday also disclosed spending $802,185 for “legal consulting” from its law firm, Jones Day, as well as $25,885 to the Trump Corporation.
Trump's campaign, in its latest disclosures to the Federal Election Committee, also said it had paid $237,924 to Alan Futerfas, who is representing the president's oldest son, Donald Trump Jr., as well as other members of the Trump Organization, as part of the Russia probe, and $30,000 to Williams & Jensen, the law firm of another Trump Jr. attorney, Karina Lynch.
The most reliable politics newsletter. Sign up for POLITICO Playbook and get the latest news, every morning — in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
The president's plan to make a personal donation of $430,000 or more was first reported Saturday by Axios. One White House official said the story was accurate but declined to offer any additional details.
A second senior White House aide familiar with the process explained Saturday evening that the president's commitment to pay the legal bills of their current and former aides was “aspirational” and would be done “to the extent allowable” by the Office of Government Ethics and tax requirements.
Trump's donations, the White House staffer added, would not go toward either former White House national security adviser Michael Flynn or former campaign chairperson Paul Manafort — two staffers who were under FBI scrutiny before special counsel Robert Mueller's appointment in mid-May.
Mueller's wide-ranging Russia probe is likely to draw in a dozen or more current and former White House aides. Earlier this month, the special counsel held daylong interviews with Sean Spicer and Reince Priebus, the former White House press secretary and chief of staff, respectively. POLITICO also reported that Trump's lawyers are considering approaching Mueller by Thanksgiving to see if they want to schedule an interview with Trump themselves — if the special counsel hasn't already made the request by then.
Trump's offer to help current and former staff pay their legal bills has already sparked controversy over the optics.
“A potential witness or target of an investigation (and boss of investigators) paying for legal fees of other potential witnesses or targets?” Walter Shaub, former head of the Office of Government Ethics and a frequent Trump critic, wrote Saturday on Twitter.
But Trump's attempt wouldn't be without precedent. Corporations often pay their employees' legal bills. President Bill Clinton made their own pledge to support many of their aides during the investigation into their Whitewater land deals. “I am going to help them pay their legal bills if it's the last thing I ever do and I stay healthy,” the Democrat told CNN in a 1996 interview, though their lawyers ultimately talked them out of the move.
Current Trump White House aides have multiple options to help them afford white-collar lawyers, with a premier attorney charging as much as $1,500 an hour for services. But the aides' choices come with ethical and legal challenges.
Free or discounted legal advice from friends or family is possible, though the aides must list the gift on their next financial disclosure forms. Law firms that do business with or whose clients work with the executive branch — which would cover some of Washington's biggest legal operations — pose potential conflicts of interest for aides who would likely need to recuse themselves from the firm's issues.
Getting an attorney who reduces legal fees also may matter little if the staffer ends up making multiple visits before a grand jury or with congressional investigators, driving up their bill.
Defense funds are one of the more common approaches for administration employees caught in a major investigation. Clinton aides set up their own funds. And former Trump national security adviser Michael Flynn's family also established a fund in September.
The Trump legal defense fund is still being finalized, according to the senior White House staffer, who explained that key tax and administration questions must be resolved before it can become operational.
My minions,
Here comes a small update to Embers of Rage!
The game should auto-update it when you launch it (it may take a few hours more on Steam until all builds are updated).
Changelog:
Mechanical Arms triggers on base turn instead of turn
Kaltor shop is .. better
Steam Generators egos will correctly update the steam regen on stats change (won't affect existing generators)
Fixed removing a steam generator with ego after the affecting stat has changed
Adventurers start with two injectors and one steam generator in their inventory
Walls to the training room in Kaltor's shop are not diggable anymore
Both injectors will appear on the hotkeys at birth
Pressing the hotkey bound to Double Shot works to confirm both shots now
Fixed "No Steam, No Palace. No Palace, No Palace!" to be actually obtainable
Added a bunch of npc tiles to the available custom tiles list at birth
Tools AAAs will not be empty in tier 2 or 4 zones
Fix Yeti proccing Ancestral Healing
Monocles and goggles visual customizations work correctly on orc females
Learning an antimagic talent from the [redacted] machine will correctly prompt for confirmation
Psyshot mindstar projection attack only works if the mindstar is not a psiblade
Steam Powered Armour talent does not disable on rest/run anymore
Fix a rare error from Mass Repair npc talent
Fixed Massive Physique description
Going back to the slumbering caves level 1 will not show the fall message
Mental Stimulator tinker changed to require only 1 level of Electricity
Molten Metal description is more explicit that it requires Furnace sustained
Fixed talking to Urthil's shop in the vanilla campaign with a tinker-enabled class while not having finished their quest
Fixed Rak'Shor Cunning prodigy to correctly refund half generic points, not prevent injectors/steam generators from working and correctly apply ghoul's speed penalty
Endboss will keep teleporting with you when you are grabbed
Titan battlesmasher prodigy replace by irresistible sun
Crafting artifacts shows the correct material tiers required even if you do not have them
Switching tiers on the tinker creation screen correctly changes the item preview
Algae in the krimbul water level are correctly considered underwater
Killing Aeryn gives the Gates of Morning quest if the player had not gained it yet
Killing Mindwall gives the quest for the camp, if the player had not gained it yet
Prevent Ak'Gishil from spawning in the lost city until a better fix can be found
Botanical Shell correctly procs under the target
Emergency Steam Purge only counts steam up to 100; to prevent stupidly powerful randbosses
Nerfed Dead Hide and Lifeless Rush
Prevents the ritches digs in gaets of morning from deleting stairs
Increased Stargazers max life a little
Limit max To The Arms power (for bosses mostly)
Increased To The Arms cooldown a little
Molten Point is now an "other" effect
Reduced To The Arms damage reduction a little
Nerf Punishment a bit, peaks around 250% now with heavy investment
Add cost to Furnace Vent
Fix Crystal Plating not having willpower
Reduced a little Tempest of Metal max doge
Reduced max damage cap on Grinding Shield
Fixed Pain Enhancement System to correctly require the achievement on the current char
Subcutaneous Metallisation effect reduced to "only" 100% of constitution and a 10 turns cooldown
Reduced Sawwheel drain a little
Battlefield Veteran efect for Sawwheel changed to increase the AOE attack damage
Grinding Shield cooldown upped a little
Tempest of Metal procs on attack instead of movement, a bit longer cooldown
Sawwheels does not damage when passing by (but still knocks back) but instead deals a big AOE attack on cancel/breaking, a bit longer cooldown
Pain Enhancement System can only be active 6 turns out of 10 and does not affect strength
Pain Enhancement System only activates if it is not yet active (meaning no more super uber stacking)
Have fun in Eyal!
WASHINGTON — Edward J. Snowden said they had leaked secret documents about National Security Agency surveillance to spark a public debate about civil liberties. President Obama, while deploring the leak, endorsed the same goal of a vigorous public discussion of the “trade-offs” between national security and personal privacy. “I think it's healthy for our democracy, “ they said on Friday of the prospect of re-examining surveillance policy.
But the legal and political obstacles to such a debate, whether in Congress or more broadly, are formidable. They only begin with the facts that the programs at issue are highly classified and that Mr. Snowden is now a hunted man, potentially facing a prison sentence for disclosing the very secrets that started the discussion that Mr. Obama welcomed.
On Monday, the White House spokesperson, Jay Carney, was pressed about just how the surveillance dialogue the president invited might take place.
Asked whether Mr. Obama would themselves lead the debate or push for new legislation, Mr. Carney demurred. “I don't have anything to preview,” they said, adding that the president's major national security speech May 23, before the N.S.A. disclosures, showed “his interest in having the debate and the legitimacy of asking probing questions about these matters.”
CLEVELAND—Claiming that it has been a constant source of motivation throughout their career, Golden State Warriors power forward Draymond Green revealed to reporters Thursday that they are able to recite, completely from memory, the names of every single player drafted ahead of them in NBA history. “First was Clifton McNeely to the Pittsburgh Ironmen in 1947, then the [Toronto] Huskies took Glen Selbo, and third was Boston, who took Bulbs Ehlers,” said Green, taking the next several hours to list all 2,786 players who were selected, in order, during the six decades before they were chosen by the Warriors with the 35th overall pick of the 2012 NBA Draft. “I haven't forgotten that Dion Waiters, Tayshaun Prince, Stephon Marbury, Dan Majerle, Keith Van Horn, Rafer Alston, Grant Hill, Dominique Wilkins, John Havlicek, [1973 fifth-round pick] Dennis Bell, and Yao Ming were chosen before me, and I never will. It's something I think about all the time, because I want to prove that I'm just as good as any of those guys.” Green went on to say that they do feel vindicated by the fact that they have an NBA championship ring, unlike Bill McGill, who was selected prior to them by the Chicago Zephyrs with the first overall pick in 1962.
Advertisement
Speaking to a crowd of mostly women at an Iowa City coffee shop, Dunham on Saturday said it is “misogynistic” to assume women only support the Democratic presidential front-runner because of their gender, according to the Guardian
ADVERTISEMENT
“Nothing gets me angrier than when someone implies I'm voting for Hillary Clinton simply because she's female,” said Dunham, who is campaigning on Clinton's behalf.
“[It's] as if I have some feminist version of beer-goggles, let's call it ‘estrogen blindness,' and I just kind of walk like a zombie towards the nearest vagina,” they added.
“This assumption is condescending at best and is sharply misogynistic at worst.”
The “Girls” creator said they support Clinton “because of their policies, because of their track record, because of their beliefs — and a little bit because of their pantsuits. But that's my prerogative as a citizen.”
Dunham encouraged young women to turn out the vote in 2016, pointing to their regret at not becoming more involved in politics sooner.
“I'm embarrassed to say this, but it took me far too long to start voting,” they said. “I had been of legal age for more than four years before I cast my first vote in the 2008 presidential election.
“It's not that I didn't care, but I didn't believe that me caring mattered,” they added. “It was impossible for me to comprehend that one young woman checking a box after waiting in a long line could matter on a national level.”
Dunham traveled around New Hampshire with World Cup-winning retired soccer player Abby Wambach on Friday to campaign for Clinton.
They also interviewed Clinton in the first issue of their “Lenny” newsletter last year.
1541 Congratulations to @chaivasarhelyi, @jimmychin, @alexhonnold, and the entire @freesolofilm crew! It's an amazing story of dedication, athleticism, and friendship. - And to top it off you brought home the Oscar for Best Documentary. Stoked and inspired. 💪 - Pc: @jimmychin
911 “There are plenty of times that I could think when things just don't line up according to what we have planned. However, this night was a different story. We had no plans of seeing the Aurora since the night started with full cloud cover. But long behold, waking up in the middle of the night, Ms Aurora Grande was dancing across the entire sky. And that moment my friends, was just surreal.” - We love this picture from @daryllvispo and what they had to say about this experience. ・・・ Seeing the Northern Lights is definitely high on our bucket list. What about you? - - - - - #gearjunkie #adventurestartshere #campingtrip #sleepoutside #tentcamping #campingwithfriends #backpackerlife #backpackingadventures #camperlife #mountainsarecalling #goneoutdoors #starrynight #nightskyphotography #sleepunderthestars #tentlife #explorealaska #adventureoutdoors #getoutside #gearjunkielife #alaskaphotography #alaskaadventures #northernlights
951 Don't forget to send the love to your most important relationship. Your adventure buddies! That special person who belays you for hours as you obsessively project. The friends that get up in the dark to ensure you're at the trailhead as sunrise hits. The ones who count ounces, encourage more miles, and hand you a snack when you're about to bonk. This one goes out to all the devoted belaytionships, hiking buddies, mountain lovers, and adventure junkies. • • • And thanks to @adamholston for the pic and @thruorfalse for the adventure inspiration. Good luck on the AT! • • • • #adventurestartshere #gearjunkie #belaytionship #hikingbuddy #relationshipgoals #mountainsarecalling #nobo2019 #hiking #atprep #nobo #appalachiantrail #atclassof2019 #gearporn #coupleswhohike #georgiatomaine #osprey #enlightenedequipment #thermarest #mountainhardwear #sawyersqueeze #tarptent #getoutside #gearjunkielife
SYRIA'S exiled opposition has long struggled to influence the course of the civil war. Its ambitions may just have been dashed for good by those who do the actual fighting. On September 24th eleven of Syria's strongest rebel brigades jointly announced their rejection of the Syrian Opposition Coalition (SOC), the quarrelsome but broadly moderate Istanbul-based dissident leadership that is recognised by Western and Gulf governments. Syrians outside the country and those picked by foreigners have no authority, said a rebel spokesperson. Moreover, they declared, Syria's revolution must be pursued “within a clear Islamic framework”, based on sharia law as the sole source of legislation.
New associations come and go in Syria, but this one includes the most powerful and active front-line forces, ranging from moderate Islamists like Liwa al-Tawheed, which previously pledged allegiance to the coalition's military wing, the Supreme Military Command, to jihadist groups such as Jabhat al-Nusra, an al-Qaeda affiliate. The decision by groups such as Tawheed to partner with radical Islamists guts the military command, leaving it with few groups it can claim to control.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Islamist fighters of varying hues have grown to dominate Syria's mosaic of rebel groups. Outside support for jihadists, which comes mostly from private donors and networks in the Gulf, has proven more reliable than the stop-start flow that foreign governments direct to milder-mannered, Western-approved rivals. Even some vetted fighters have long espoused the creation of an Islamic state, but quietly so as not to worry non-Islamist brothers-in-arms—let alone Syria's myriad non-Sunni Muslim minorities. The decision to go public is in part down to Egypt, says one rebel man. The coup that ousted Muhammad Morsi, a Muslim Brother, showed that there is nothing to gain from paying lip service to democracy.
Western powers will now find their proxies have less influence than ever. In the month since America backed away from missile strikes to punish Syria's regime for using chemical weapons, the SOC has become increasingly irrelevant. Strikes would have bolstered moderates, including Selim Idriss, a defected general who heads the military command. The ensuing deal between Russia and America whereby Syria's regime must hand over its chemical weapons was perceived as coming at the expense of the rebels.
The opposition schism renders the prospect of a negotiated end to the conflict in the near future flimsier still. But the new joint fighting force could act as a bulwark against the Islamic State of Iraq and al-Sham (ISIS), an al-Qaeda group manned largely by foreign mujahidee n that is more radical than Jabhat al-Nusra. ISIS did not sign the statement, and has faced growing hostility as it seeks to expand its influence.
Kutapalong, Cox's Bazar - Everywhere you look, there are heartbreaking scenes.
A five-year-old sheltering their little brother from the rain; a little girl with only a skirt and no blouse; a baby chewing their hand because they are so hungry and cannot cry any more; and a grandmother sobbing because they have outlived most of their children and grandchildren.
Well before the Rohingya Muslims started arriving in Kutapalong in late August, the United Nations camps in the area were full to the brim.
THE STREAM: Who will save the Rohingya?
The men, women and children fleeing violence in Myanmar were forced to put up tents outside, lining the streets to the settlement.
Now, three weeks later, the makeshift shelters stretch for kilometres.
'No idea where we'll go'
When we arrived at the camp, just a short distance away from the Bangladesh-Myanmar border, a truck carrying mostly women and children stopped in front of us.
I counted five babies under the age of one.
This was the end of a five-day journey to safety.
We met a family that had just arrived the previous day. They managed to set up in a half-constructed shop - three walls and no roof, but at least it wasn't in the mud.
A woman was cooking their meal for the day, a few handfuls of rice over an open fire. They told us the group fled after their village was burned down, but their husband and son died before they could escape.
But they told us they could not think of that now.
"We need food for the children," they said. "We have no idea where we will go from here, we are just following what everyone else is doing."
The UN says an "alarming" number of refugees have come into Bangladesh in the past two weeks. But the conditions they come into are also alarming.
READ MORE: Rohingya warn of 'another Srebrenica' if violence rages
Most do not have food or shelter; children run around half-naked; adults barefoot - all in torn clothes that tell the tale of their journey.
Families mark out any space they can with whatever they can find: pieces of tarpaulin, broken umbrellas, bits of plastic.
We spoke to a man putting up a tent using bamboo poles and plastic sheets. They said they bought them from a nearby market with money borrowed from a relative at the camp.
As we left, the rain started pouring, those with tents or cover made way for families and little children.
They all squeezed into the makeshift shelters, without an inch to spare, watching the rain come down.
Those with bottles or containers started collecting the rainwater, gulping it down as soon as they had enough to drink, then passing it around.
This is the only clean water they'll be getting.
Aid agencies say they do not have enough food or provisions, cautioning that it is just a matter of time before there is an outbreak of disease given the conditions the refugees are staying in - a warning that the worst of their journey may not be over.
Twenty-five years ago, with the sum of one million dollars on the line, Mr. Burns ordered Smithers to assemble the greatest softball team ever seen so they could beat a rival nuclear power plant's squad. (“Scour the professional ranks! The American League, the National League, the Negro League!”) Enter: Ken Griffey, Jr., Roger Clemens, Wade Boggs, Don Mattingly, and other MLB studs, though it would be Homer's head that proved to be the championship game's MVP. Today, season 3's “Homer at the Bat” stands as a classic installment of The Simpsons, one that helped to usher in the golden age of the animated Fox comedy. It's already been memorialized at the National Baseball Hall of Fame — over the summer, the Hall “inducted” Homer into its hallowed edifice for their contributions in that episode. And now, the episode is receiving one of pop culture's finest honors: the documentary treatment.
Fox will air the “comedic” documentary, titled Springfield of Dreams: The Legend of Homer Simpson, this Sunday, EW has learned. The hourlong special, which satirizes Ken Burns' seminal documentary miniseries Baseball, will pay tribute to the episode while offering up interviews from eight of the baseball stars who appeared as ringers in the episode, as well as Yankees All-Star Aaron Judge, Nick Offerman, Russell Brand, George Will, Tim Gunn, and Dr. Oz, not to mention sportscasters Bob Costas, Joe Buck, Bob Uecker, and Charissa Thompson. In addition, the documentary includes “interviews” with Homer, Moe, Chief Wiggum, Apu, and Comic Book Guy.
Produced by Fox Sports Originals and Major League Baseball, the documentary is directed by Morgan Spurlock, who also helmed 2010's The Simpsons 20th Anniversary Special — In 3-D! On Ice!.
Springfield of Dreams will air on Sunday before or after the afternoon games, depending on where you live. It debuts approximately at 3 p.m. ET (for markets with an NFL game at 4:05 p.m. ET) and at 4:30 p.m. ET (for markets with an NFL game at 1 p.m. ET). Later that night, Fox will unleash “Treehouse of Horror XXVIII” — your first look at all of the segments can be seen here — at 8 p.m. ET/PT.
Manchester United hope to formally announce the signing of Angel di Maria on Tuesday after agreeing terms on a British record transfer fee of £59.7million plus add ons with Real Madrid.
United officials held meetings with their Real Madrid counterparts on Sunday evening and resumed talks on Monday as they bartered down the £75m asking price.
The scale of the extra fees due from United will depend on performances and the prospect of Di Maria winning the Ballon D'Or.
VIDEO: Scroll down to watch Angel di Maria's career highlights
Spotted: Di Maria is on the left hand side of the back seat on their way into United's training ground
On the lookout: Di Maria peers out of their United car as they arrive for the completion of their transfer
World class: Di Maria has been a key figure for both Real Madrid and Argentina over the past few years
The Argentina midfielder posed with fans at Madrid airport on Monday afternoon prior to flying into Manchester on a private plane to meet up with United manager Louis van Gaal late on Monday night.
Van Gaal had been at Carrington overseeing the first team squad's 4pm warm-down session and training ahead of Tuesday night's Capital One Cup second round tie at MK Dons.
Di Maria's arrival will give the club a welcome lift following a disappointing start to the season that has delivered just one point from their opening two Premier League games but there is concern that their signing, as stellar as it is, fails to address United's real needs and Van Gaal is pressing the club to deliver two more players over the coming days.
Ajax utility player Daley Blind and Juventus midfielder Arturo Vidal are among those being considered.
Creative: The winger should bring a new spark to Louis van Gaal's side, which has been lacking this season
UNITED STORE'S 'R' SHORTAGE AS FANS SNAP UP SHIRTS The Manchester United megastore at Old Trafford ran out of the letter 'R' as supporters clambered to buy Angel Di Maria shirts. A sign was put outside the shop on Monday night informing fans that there were no 'R' letters left in black print. CLICK HERE FOR THE FULL STORY
Madrid are also agreeing terms over United right back Guillermo Varela. The 21-year-old Uruguayan only joined United a year ago from Penarol but will move to Real's B team Castilla to play under Zinedine Zidane. The deal is likely to be a loan with a view to a permanent £3m transfer.
Di Maria will join up with their new United team-mates at training on Thursday and the club hope to formalise their work permit and registration by noon on Friday if they are to figure against Burnley on Saturday.
A work permit, however, has yet to be arranged for their compatriot Marcos Rojo with the Bank Holiday helping to delay the process.
Di Maria, hailed as the best player in Spain, 'surpassing even Lionel Messi' according to former Argentina coach Cesar Luis Menotti, has at least got United supporters excited.
Pedigree: Di Maria was a crucial member of Real's Champions League-winning side last season
A need for more such names is underlined by the fact United face MK Dons on Tuesday night in the Capital One second round without seven first-team players.
Chris Smalling has joined Luke Shaw, Ander Herrera, Michael Carrick, Marouane Fellaini, Jesse Lingard and Rafael on the sidelines.
Danny Welbeck, Javier Hernandez and Shinji Kagawa are set to be involved from the start, with youngsters Reece James and James Wilson also in contention to play. Juventus have made an enquiry about the availability of Hernandez after Arsenal stalled on the proposed loan of Lukas Podolski.
Welbeck remains a target for other clubs with Everton, Tottenham, Newcastle and Sunderland rivalled by Turkish club Galatasaray.
Album Notes
What you are about to experience is a musical journey that began somewhere in the early nineties. We loved music from an early age, and were always fascinated with sound, from banging on pots and pans, to playing with microphones and tape recorders. After being in several different bands together over the years, we decided that the next logical step would be to start our own project. Over the past few years, we have been developing our sound and skills through a constant process of experimentation and learning.
Brothercom's self-produced EP - HYPERLINK - follows up the darker, melancholic "1,314 Winters" by inviting listeners to enjoy a more positive, upbeat story about the joys of leaving the past behind. Luke and Kendall are driven by a newfound love of analog and digital synthesis, coupled with the discovery of a vast array of new production techniques. From the nostalgic and serene melodies of the opening track, “In the Night,” to the pulsing rhythms of “Star Pistol," and beyond to the surreal atmospheres in “Centuries," the album displays a wide variety of sounds and textures.
Time for Obama to shut down WikiLeaks' Assange
Yesterday, WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange announced in London that they are preparing to release the remaining 15,000 classified documents they possess, in defiance of the Pentagon's demands that they return and delete all copies of the classified materials they illegally possess. Asked point blank if they plan to publish the remaining documents, Assange replied: “Absolutely.”
Pentagon spokesperson Geoff Morrell responded by declaring such a decision by WikiLeaks would be the “height of irresponsibility.” Earlier in the day, Defense Secretary Robert Gates said U.S. intelligence had confirmed that both al Qaeda and the Taliban leaders had given orders to comb through the documents for the identities of Afghans who had helped the United States. Assange dismissed these concerns, declaring, “We are not obligated to protect other people's sources,” and said that the Afghan people “should know about” who among them has engaged in “genuinely traitorous” acts (translation: helping the United States).
With their appearance yesterday, Assange has thrown down the gauntlet. The Obama administration had warned that if WikiLeaks did not comply, the United States would “make them do the right thing.” Now Assange has told the administration what it can do with its threats. They have given them fair warning that they will not comply with their demands and fully intends to follow through and release the remainder of the classified documents they possess. What is President Obama going to do about it?
The United States has the cyber capabilities to prevent WikiLeaks from disseminating those materials. Will President Obama order the military to deploy those capabilities? And will they take action to bring Assange to justice? Assange is clearly worried that they will. The Wall Street Journal reports that Assange
said they still fear that the U.S. is trying to have them arrested for publishing the classified documents. They were meant to appear in person at the panel discussion about the media at London's Frontline Club, but dialed in by Skype instead. Asked by an audience member for their current location, they said "no comment." They appeared to have dyed their trademark white hair brown, and to have cut it in a close crop.
If Assange remains free and the documents they possess are released, Obama will have no one to blame but himself.
Monopoly is the No. 1 board game in France, selling around 500,000 sets per year, and as a hat-tip to its fans, manufacturer Hasbro is now literally paying it forward by releasing units with real money in honor of the game's 80th birthday.
A total of 80 Monopoly board games will have euros stashed inside. AFP/Getty Images/PATRICK HERTZOG
In some sort of Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory-esque fever dream (or a marketing ploy everyone can get behind), 80 of the 30,000 Monopoly games newly available in France today will have straight-up euros inside. Sixty-nine boxes will contain 150 euros ($170), 10 will have 300 euros ($340), and one lucky shopper will make serious bank with 20,580 euros ($23,349) in cash.
The gimmick came about after execs at the company were trying to come up with a way to celebrate the game's birthday. They decided to run a survey about fantasy Monopoly scenarios and, unsurprisingly, it all came down to money. “We were looking for something special for this birthday and found out that the majority of French people playing dreamed of, one day, finding real money when they opened the box,” explained Florence Gaillard of Hasbro France.
Don't fret, die-hard gamers, they also include a full set of Monopoly money.
H/T: The Connexion.
The world's rich are increasingly becoming globe-trotters, not rooted to any one country, and nowhere is that clearer than in the data on millionaire migration.
According to research from South African consultancy New World Wealth, the number of “high net worth individuals” (HNWIs) changing their country of residence soared by 28 per cent last year, to some 82,000.
An HNWI is defined as someone who has at least US$1 million in assets, not including their primary home.
Private jets lined up on an airport tarmac. The world's rich are increasingly changing countries, a new study shows. (Photo: Getty Images)
Canada is a top destination in this great migration, taking in almost as many millionaires last year as the U.S. did. The number-one destination was Australia (12,000 millionaire immigrants) with the U.S. in second place and Canada third.
Inflows to Canada “were boosted by large-scale immigration from China into Vancouver,” New World Wealth analyst Andrew Amoils told HuffPost Canada in an email.
“There was also significant HNWI inflows from Europe into Toronto and Montreal.”
Australia's top spot is easily explained by its geography: It's next door to east Asia, the part of the world that's creating the most millionaires these days, and the rich seem to have a taste for wealthy English-speaking countries.
Many countries are losing millionaires, for a variety of reasons. France is seeing the largest exodus — 12,000 millionaires in the past year.
“The large outflow of millionaires from France is notable — France is being heavily impacted by rising religious tensions between Christians and Muslims, especially in urban areas,” New World Wealth said in a press release.
“We expect that millionaire migration away from France will accelerate over the next decade as these tensions escalate.”
The survey had one surprise: There hasn't been a large outflow millionaires from Great Britain since the Brexit vote. New World expects the country to continue gaining wealthy residents from abroad even as locals emigrate to the U.S., Canada and Australia.
The consultancy notes that investor immigrant visa programs are becoming more popular around the world. Australia launched such a program in 2012.
However, Canada's various investor immigrant programs, some of which existed for decades, were limited in recent years due to perceived abuse.
Also on HuffPost
For years, Republicans have run on the promise that they would repeal and replace Obamacare. But after several delays, Senate Republicans acknowledged they simply don't have the votes to get the job done, even though they hold a majority.
According to The Hill:
GOP Sens. Jerry Moran (Kan.) and Mike Lee (Utah) announced on Monday night they will not support taking up a bill repealing and replacing ObamaCare, effectively blocking the legislation.
Their decision means Republicans in the Senate are well short of having the support to pass their legislation, and raises serious questions about whether President Trump will reach their goal of ending ObamaCare.
In light of Monday's challenges, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell(R-Ky.) said the Senate will try to separate ObamaCare repeal and replacement, closing the door on the chamber's current healthcare legislation.
“In the coming days, the Senate will vote to take up the House bill with the first amendment in order being what a majority of the Senate has already supported in 2015 and that was vetoed by then-President Obama: a repeal of Obamacare with a two-year delay to provide for a stable transition period,” McConnell said.
As a result, Senate Republicans now intend to repeal Obamacare first, then focus on replacing it.
Trending: Video of the Day: UCLA Students Sign Petition to put Conservatives in Concentration Camps
President Trump weighed in:
Republicans should just REPEAL failing ObamaCare now & work on a new Healthcare Plan that will start from a clean slate. Dems will join in! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 18, 2017
Breitbart added:
McConnell's plan, which has hit a number of roadblocks, failed to garner enough GOP support to pass the Senate. The latest iteration of the bill–the third overall, incorporating a watered-down version of an amendment from Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX)–was put on hold over the weekend after plans to hold a vote this week were delayed because Sen. John McCain (R-AZ) underwent a craniotomy surgical procedure in Arizona. McCain's vote would have been needed to pass the bill, but with Lee and Moran now against the legislation, the bill would fail even with their vote.
Matthew Boyle further noted:
It's hard to imagine the clean repeal of Obamacare–the 2015 bill–would fail in the House or the Senate, given that most of the GOP members in both chambers have already voted for it.
From here, it is unclear as of yet what the timeline will be. But Republicans in Congress wasted nearly seven months of the Trump administration–Thursday will mark seven months exactly since Trump's inauguration–fiddling around with repeal and replace at the same time.
House Speaker Paul Ryan similarly failed multiple times to pass their own version of the Senate bill for months, and it was only after they left Washington for Europe and Hollywood that Republican rank-and-file House members from the House Freedom Caucus and the Tuesday Group were able, outside the purview of Ryan, negotiate their own fix to pass the bill through the House.
Sen. Lee tweeted:
My colleague @JerryMoran and I will not support the MTP to this version of BCRA #HealthcareBill — Mike Lee (@SenMikeLee) July 18, 2017
Sen. Moran added their statement:
My full statement opposing this version of BCRA: pic.twitter.com/CUq4Kibe0I — Senator Jerry Moran (@JerryMoran) July 18, 2017
Rep. Jim Jordan, R-Ohio, tweeted:
No more waiting. Americans sent us here 2 repeal Obamacare. Lets send 2 Trumps desk the same bill we sent 2 Obamas https://t.co/AsNZPggxM9 — Rep. Jim Jordan (@Jim_Jordan) July 18, 2017
He's absolutely right.
A huge part of the problem is that the bill before the Senate really didn't repeal all of Obamacare. Sen. Lee observed: “In addition to not repealing all of the Obamacare taxes, it doesn't go far enough in lowering premiums for middle class families; nor does it create enough free space from the most costly Obamacare regulations.”
Which makes us wonder: Are these Republicans capable of fulfilling their promise to the American people? If this is the best they can do, then maybe they should consider another line of work and make room for others who can get the job done.
Related:
If you haven't checked out and liked our Facebook page, please go here and do so.
And if you're as concerned about Facebook censorship as we are, go here and order this book:
21 Shares
Are people still taking adjustable rate mortgages, or ARMs? Apparently so. An article came out last week extolling the virtues of ARM loans. The article states, among other things, that ARMs may be an “even better deal than fixed mortgages”, the spread between ARMs and fixed rates are the widest in eight years, and that ARMs are a good loan for people who are “dead certain” they are going to sell within the fixed period of the loan.
Now, in the article's favor, there is a certain rate advantage in the short term. The article notes that the average rate on the 5/1 ARM – the primary loan in the discussion – is now 2.67%, compared to the average rate on a 30 year fixed rate loan of 3.87%. The 5/1 has a fixed rate period for the first five years of the loan, then adjusts each year thereafter, subject to a 2% annual cap, and a 5% lifetime cap – meaning the highest the rate could ever go over the life of the loan is 7.67% (OUCH!!!). But the article gives the example that on a $400,000 loan, you could save over $3,000 per year in interest.
Fair enough – but I still say balderdash!
And I can think of at least 7 reasons why ARMs are a bad deal:
1. The monthly savings don't justify the additional risk of an ARM.
According to my mortgage calculator, a 5/1 ARM at 2.67% on a $400,000 loan carries a monthly payment of $1,616; the 30 year fixed at 3.87% is $1,880 per month. You'll save $264 per month, or $3,168 per year, with the ARM. I don't know about anyone else, but to me saving $264 per month on a $400,000 loan doesn't come close to justify living with the ticking time bomb that awaits the homeowner at the end of five years.
2. Tax savings will nullify at least some of the interest rate savings on the ARM.
If you're in the 28% marginal tax bracket for federal income taxes, and a 7% marginal rate for your state income tax, any interest savings will be reduced by 35% total. That means that the $3,168 annual ARM savings from above will be reduced by $1,109, or net out at $2,059. That makes the payment savings that much less attractive.
3. Mortgage prepayments will not shorten your loan term.
This is a dirty little secret of ARM loans. No matter how much you pay down your loan, it will still run for 30 years! (Your payment is recalculated at the remaining outstanding loan balance at the time of adjustment, and is always based on a 30 year payout.) The payment will fall – that's an unexpected plus – but you won't be able to pay it off sooner by making prepayments. However – if interest rates rise over the term of the loan, your payments might not drop either!
4. Interest rates are near all-time lows.
If you can lock in a rate of 3.87% that is FIXED for 30 years why would you trade that for just five years of 2.67%? 30 year money nearr historic lows should be taken on instinct.
5. You surrender your options and assume all the risks.
With the 30 year fixed rate you know what you'll be paying, come what may. If interest rates fall, you can refinance to the lower rate; if they rise, you don't need to do a thing. With the 5/1 ARM you're good for five years and then, unless rates fall by then, you'll have to pay what ever the rate is at that time – subject to the loan caps – and that can have you eventually paying as high as 7.67%. At that point, you'll start giving back some of the interest rate benefit you received in the early years of the ARM.
Also, if interest rates go that high, you may not be able to sell your home, at least not for anything close to what you paid for it. Higher rates generally translate to a less robust housing market. And as tight as this market is, it wouldn't take much of a rate uptick to cause problems.
6. You can't KNOW that you'll be selling within five years
The article says that a 5/1 ARM can work well if you're sure you're selling within the five year fixed rate period. But even if you could know that you'll be selling, how do you know what the housing market will be at that time? What the 5/1 ARM really does is define in advance what you must do in a certain time period. That might not be so bad if you could also know for sure that market conditions will cooperate – but you can't!
7. After what's happened in real estate since 2007 why take the chance?
Taking an ARM loan strikes me as a move that disregards the housing meltdown over the past few years. ARM loans were one of the factors that contributed to the market's problems because people found that they could no longer afford the higher payments that ARM loans created after rate resets. If the 2007 meltdown did nothing else, it should have imparted a new respect in all of us for the potential risks of homeownership. Taking an ARM loan now is born of the same blind optimism that created the housing bubble in the first place.
What do you think about ARMs? Do you think there's enough certainty in the housing market to justify taking on the risks that ARMs bring? Or do you agree with me that ARMs border on insanity?
( Photo by ilovebutter )
HART PAVEMENT STRIPING CORPORATION 3330 Warren Drive, Waterford MI 48329 (248) 673-3503 FAX: (248) 673-3438 ddhart@hartstriping.com www.hartstriping.com Hart Pavement Striping is a full-service commercial pavement maintenance company including asphalt paving, asphalt repair, concrete repair, seal coating, crack sealing, pavement striping, pavement marking, power sweeping, sign installation, asphalt curbing, shopping center maintenance, catch basin repair, and snowplowing serving all of southeastern Michigan. Hart Pavement Striping began in 1987 and incorporated in 1988. Hart Pavement Striping Corporation is a legal Michigan Corporation. Many of our services are offered year round. Hart has been delivering outstanding quality service to customers at competitive pricing. We offer the best solutions to remedy your pavement maintenance needs. Our equipment, installation techniques, and field personnel continue to be upgraded to stay at the top of the pavement maintenance industry. In addition, Hart Pavement Striping Corporation is fully bonded and insured.
Denna Laing's family is not preparing to sue the National Hockey League or anyone else over the serious injury the professional hockey player suffered during the NHL's Winter Classic, a source with direct knowledge of the family's thinking told The Post.
The NHL's Boston Bruins are going to hold one or more 50/50 raffles during games to help the family. The family will receive half the proceeds, the source said.
On Saturday, the Bruins announced they would donate at least $200,000 to help Laing.
Also, the family has authorized a website to raise money through the Denna Laing Fund, which is being administered by law firm Ropes & Gray.
NHL officials told participants on a conference call recently that the league expected to be sued by the Laing family, The Post reported last week, citing sources familiar with the call.
Laing crashed into the boards during an outdoor game between the National Women's Hockey League's Boston Pride and the Canadian Women's Hockey League's Les Canadiennes at Gillette Stadium. They suffered a several spinal cord injury.
There were reports that the ice surface was soft at the time of the accident.
President Trump pledged Friday that their administration remains committed to maintaining the United States' long-standing security alliance with Japan, aiming to calm jitters in Tokyo over their inflammatory rhetoric on the campaign trail.
In a news conference with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe at the White House, Trump called the alliance the “cornerstone of peace and stability in the Pacific region,” and they vowed to make ties between the two countries “even closer.”
Trump's remarks on the alliance, which hewed closely to statements of previous U.S. presidents, would not have been remarkable were it not for the sharp criticism they aimed at Japan during the 2016 presidential campaign. They denounced a sizable U.S. trade deficit to Japan and suggested Japan and South Korea were not paying their share to support American troops based in the region.
But the summit, aggressively pursued by the Japanese, aimed to erase doubts, even as the two sides remain at odds over how to move forward on trade and economic ties.
(Reuters)
Trump sought to present the two countries in close harmony over shared challenges on North Korea's nuclear weapons programs and China's aggression in the South China Sea — “both of which I consider a very, very high priority,” they said.
On several occasions, Trump gave Abe extended handshakes — one in the Oval Office lasted 19 seconds — and patted them on the back, displaying a personal warmth that has begun to develop between the two men since Abe became the first foreign leader to visit Trump after their election victory in November. “
“Strong hands,” Trump remarked in the Oval Office, mimicking a golf swing. The two were scheduled to play a round this weekend at Mar-a-Lago, Trump's winter retreat in Palm Beach, Fla.
“I grabbed them and hugged them because that's the way we feel,” Trump said at the news conference, describing their greeting of Abe outside the West Wing. “We have a very, very good bond, very, very good chemistry.”
“I'll let you know if it changes,” Trump added, drawing laughs in the East Room before adding: “But I don't think it will.”
[Trump targeted Japan during the campaign]
Abe, who has made a concerted effort to court Trump since their election, praised the president's outsider candidacy and “uphill struggle and fight” to win the White House.
President Trump greets Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe at the White House on Feb. 10. (Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg News)
The Japanese leader also pledged that their country would play a “greater role” in defense and security operations, although they were vague on what that might entail. Japan's Self-Defense Forces are prohibited from combat missions abroad under the constitution imposed on the country by the United States after World War II.
“Of course, there are disagreements,” Abe said, “but we should not close down the . . . dialogue just by pointing to the differences and ignoring the common interests and common goals.”
The summit was being watched closely by U.S. allies and partners across the globe for signs over how Trump would deal with a powerful ally after the unpredictable bluster of their campaign and early weeks of their presidency. Trump has clashed with the leaders of Mexico and Australia, and their move to cancel U.S. participation in a 12-nation Pacific Rim trade pact that includes Japan raised alarms over how they would receive Abe.
After finishing formal talks, Trump and Abe left the White House together through the South Lawn entrance and boarded Marine One, followed by Trump's daughter, Ivanka, and their husband, Jared Kushner, a senior adviser to Trump. Another Trump adviser, Stephen K. Bannon, also joined them on the presidential helicopter, which whisked them past the Washington Monument on a flight path to Joint Base Andrews in Camp Springs, Md., where Air Force One was waiting.
There, the two leaders were met by their wives, first lady Melania Trump and Akie Abe, for the trip to Mar-a-Lago. White House officials said Trump plans to use the retreat for diplomatic bonding sessions in the way other presidents have used Camp David.
During the news conference, Trump was asked about their first phone conversation with Chinese President Xi Jinping, which had come Thursday evening. The White House said Trump reaffirmed their administration would honor Beijing's “One China” policy that stipulates Taiwan is officially part of China despite the island having a separate government.
Trump angered Beijing by receiving a congratulatory phone call from Taiwan's president after their election and publicly questioning the “One China” policy, suggesting their administration might renounce it unless China offered better trade deals to the United States.
On Friday, Trump characterized the call with Xi as “very, very warm.”
“I think we are on the process of getting along very well,” they said.
For their part, Abe largely avoided talking in specifics about Trump's decision to break with their predecessor and withdraw from the Trans-Pacific Partnership, a 12-nation Pacific Rim free-trade deal that Trump opposed during the campaign.
But they did promise that Japan would support Trump's economic “growth strategy.”
“There will be even more new jobs born in the U.S.,” Abe said.
Trump promised that the United States would “be an even bigger player than it is right now by a lot when it comes to trade.”
In a joint statement, the two nations said Trump accepted Abe's invitation to visit Japan later this year.
And, in another gesture of goodwill, Abe made sure to praise Trump's golf game.
“My scores in golf are not up to the level of Donald at all,” Abe said in Japanese, according to a translator.
It was not clear, however, whether Trump understood him; the president failed to attach the earpiece of their translation device until after Abe's opening statement.
Re: Help - my cousin wants to marry an ATHEIST! What should I do? - 10-27-2010, 09:09 PM 10-27-2010, 09:09 PM Quote: Heathen_Basher Originally Posted by A while ago I told you all about my 13-year-old cousin who is tolerant of homosexuality. Well, now I've received some horrible news from their older sister.
They told me they were engaged, which I thought was wonderful. At 20, they were already way past the time they should have started bearing children. I congratulated, ask to meet the guy, and asked what church they attended.
"Oh," they say. "He doesn't belong to any church. He's an atheist."
Of course, I was furious. I tried to yell and scream some sense and reason into her, but no matter how much I warned them that this act would send them straight to hell, they just didn't seem to want to listen. Not even when I started quoting the Bible! They even had their parents throw me out of the house as they pretended to cry, just because I was calling their fiancee a repugnant, evil dirtbag who deserves no place in society. Suddenly the truth is offensive?
They say they love them and doesn't care about their beliefs and wants to spend their life with them and a whole bunch of other crap. What can I do? It's so hard having unsaved, False Christians in the familyA while ago I told you all about my 13-year-old cousin who is tolerant of homosexuality. Well, now I've received some horrible news from their older sister.She told me they were engaged, which I thought was wonderful. At 20, they were already way past the time they should have started bearing children. I congratulated, ask to meet the guy, and asked what church they attended."Oh," they say. "He doesn't belong to any church. He's an atheist."Of course, I was furious. I tried to yell and scream some sense and reason into her, but no matter how much I warned them that this act would send them straight to hell, they just didn't seem to want to listen. Not even when I started quoting the Bible! They even had their parents throw me out of the house as they pretended to cry, just because I was calling their fiancee a repugnant, evil dirtbag who deserves no place in society. Suddenly the truth is offensive?She says they love them and doesn't care about their beliefs and wants to spend their life with them and a whole bunch of other crap. What can I do?
'' just because I was calling their fiancee a repugnant, evil dirtbag who deserves no place in society. Suddenly the truth is offensive?''
they kicked you out just becuase of that? huh well i bet that guy as a good ethical man who deserves a place in society way more than you doo being an atheist dosnt make you evil it just means they dont believe in god it donst mean the curse them or scorn them it just means the done think hes there.
heres what you doo leave herr alone and let here love who they want you prick,really all that you said makes you sound like such an asshole i wann think that you're kidding but i dont think you are soo wow you need to shape up we dont live in the 5th century anymore. wow i dont know were to start first of let me tell you that from reading 2 paragraphs i can tell you that i know exactly what kind of person you are,you are very intolerant and you don't except anyones beliefs,wow first off homosexuality is not bad at all it not really a choice or most they cant help it and it is hard for them would the purposefully choose something that can cuase soo much pain to them? wow next shes only 20 what fkin age do you think shes suppose to bear children when shes 12??? you crazy fk, also why would they go straight to hell i thought your god was forgiving and that Jesus dide for you sins and all the bull shit huh? and ohh you quoted a 2000 year old outdated book your cool and that means everything you say is correct doesn't it?'' just because I was calling their fiancee a repugnant, evil dirtbag who deserves no place in society. Suddenly the truth is offensive?''they kicked you out just becuase of that? huh well i bet that guy as a good ethical man who deserves a place in society way more than you doo being an atheist dosnt make you evil it just means they dont believe in god it donst mean the curse them or scorn them it just means the done think hes there.heres what you doo leave herr alone and let here love who they want you prick,really all that you said makes you sound like such an asshole i wann think that you're kidding but i dont think you are soo wow you need to shape up we dont live in the 5th century anymore.
There's almost no freedom-fueled cause that furious truther and conspiracy kingpin Alex Jones won't cosign, but apparently, even Alex Jones themselves can't get behind the crazed militiamen currently throwing a fit on an Oregon nature trail.
Let's be clear: The Bundys and others have very legitimate issues with the federal power grab over land outside of law, and people doing controlled burns and being called arsonists, and people being charged. The federal government is power-grabbing everywhere, it's true... But all that's coming out, and the establishment is in political trouble right now. So they want to overturn the chess board right now. We need Americans to realize we're all being played off against each other... ...The timing of this now allows the whole debate to not be about the gun-grab, to not be about all the gun control, to not be about the victim disarmament, but to be about citizens with guns taking over buildings.
Jones goes on to say that while the Bundys did have grazing rights in Nevada the last time they pulled this shit, in this case, the Hammonds (the family actually in the center of this mess) don't even support what the Bundy family is doing.
Of course, Jones does also say that the whole thing is a race-baiting false flag cooked up by the Obama administration, but in Alex Jones speak, that's about as close as you can get to calling someone ostensibly on your side (the side of Freedom with a capital “F”) an idiot without actually coming out and saying it.
Either way, when Alex Jones themselves is telling you that perhaps you're taking things a little too far—maybe it's time to reassess your decision to hold nature hostage.
[h/t Right Wing Watch]
The former Alberta director of the Canadian Taxpayers Federation said Monday he's thinking hard about seeking the Wildrose leadership as they threw their hat into the ring to be the party's candidate in Strathmore-Brooks.
Derek Fildebrandt made the announcement outside the Strathmore office of Progressive Conservative MLA Jason Hale — one of the nine Wildrose members who crossed the floor in December to join Jim Prentice's Tory government.
Fildebrandt told reporters they are considering a leadership run after being urged by many Wildrose supporters to enter the race to replace Danielle Smith, who was also among the defectors to the Tories.
“The membership is still there. They're more motivated than ever. Obviously the party has suffered a very crippling blow, but the grassroots are there,” they said.
“They're ready to fight. The principles of Wildrose are Alberta values.”
The Wildrose executives have set June 6 for its leadership date, although signs point to Prentice calling an election in March.
Other potential candidates mulling a leadership run are Wildrose MLAs Drew Barnes and Shayne Saskiw, Calgary-Acadia candidate Richard Jones and Sherwood Park candidate Linda Osinchuk. Conservative MP Rob Anders has been blocked by the party from running.
Kathy Macdonald, who ran for Wildrose against Prentice in the Calgary-Foothills byelection last fall, attended Fildebrandt's announcement and hopes they will run for leader.
“A person like Derek could be the future of Wildrose,” said Macdonald, who has been nominated again in Calgary-Mackay-Nose Hill.
“He understands hard-working Albertans and I think they could represent both urban and rural, because he's fiscally conservative but he's also socially mainstream and moderate.”
The 29-year-old Fildebrandt came to Alberta in 2012 to take the post with the Canadian Taxpayers Federation. Before leaving the CTF last year, they were known for their criticism of the Tory government's fiscal reporting and exposing expense issues.
Fildebrandt does not live in Strathmore-Brooks but said they intend to move to the riding. They said they chose the constituency to run in because they felt betrayed by Hale, a sentiment shared by some riding residents.
Fildebrandt lashed out at Prentice, deriding them as an opportunist prepared to break promises around fixed election dates, financial disclosure and not raising taxes.
“Jim Prentice is a tax-and-spend liberal. They want to raise taxes and provide fewer services,” they said.
jwood@calgaryherald.com
Twitter.com/JamesWoodHerald
We don't know why a Japanese TV game show decided it might be fun to pit two professional soccer players against 55 kids, but there's no arguing against the payoff. This is sports comedy gold.
The show is called Kyokugen, which, at least according to one translation, means extreme utmost limit.
In the clip below, Shinji Kagawa of Manchester United and Hiroshi Kiyotake of FC Nurnberg faces off against 33 Japanese youngsters. The professionals move the ball down the field with relative ease and score against three goalkeepers.
That's when the show ups the ante and adds another 22 kids to the field. Of the 55 youths, five are positioned as goalies.
To the credit of the two professionals, they didn't unleash a powerhouse kick that might have flattened one of the kid goalies. Then again, it's not like they had to either.
In this Japanese name , the family name is Tokugawa
Tokugawa Tsunayoshi (徳川 綱吉, February 23, 1646 – February 19, 1709) was the fifth shōgun of the Tokugawa dynasty of Japan. They were the younger brother of Tokugawa Ietsuna, thus making them the son of Tokugawa Iemitsu, the grandson of Tokugawa Hidetada, and the great-grandson of Tokugawa Ieyasu.[1]
Tsunayoshi is known for instituting animal protection laws, particularly for dogs. This earned them the nickname of "the dog shōgun". They had a dog named Takemaru.
Early years (1646–1680) [ edit ]
Keishōin, Tsunayoshi's mother
Tokugawa Tsunayoshi was born on February 23, 1646, in Edo. They were the son of Tokugawa Iemitsu by one of their concubines, named Otama, later known as Keishōin 桂昌院 (1627–1705). Tsunayoshi had an elder brother already five years old, who would become the next shogun after Iemitsu's death, Tokugawa Ietsuna. Tsunayoshi was born in Edo and after their birth moved in with their mother to their own private apartments in Edo Castle. "The younger son (Tsunayoshi) apparently distinguished themselves by their precociousness and liveliness at an early age, and the father, the third shogun, Iemitsu, became fearful that they might usurp the position of their duller elder brothers [and] thus they ordered that the boy (Tsunayoshi) not to be brought up as a samurai/warrior, as was becoming for their station, but be trained as a scholar."[attribution needed][2] Their childhood name was Tokumatsu (徳松).
While their father was shōgun, their mother was an adopted daughter of the Honjō family, led by Honjō Munemasa (1580–1639) in Kyoto. Their mother's natural parents were merchants in Kyoto. This remarkable woman was very close with Tsunayoshi in their young years, and while their older brother Ietsuna began to rely on regents for much of their reign, Tsunayoshi did exactly the opposite, relying on their remarkable mother for advice until their death.
In 1651, shōgun Iemitsu died when Tsunayoshi was only five years old. Their older brother, Tokugawa Ietsuna, became shogun. For the most part, Tsunayoshi's life during the reign of their brother shōgun Ietsuna is unknown, but they never advised their brother.
Family [ edit ]
Disputed succession (1680) [ edit ]
In 1680, shōgun Ietsuna died at the premature age of 38.
June 4, 1680 ( Enpō 8, 8th day of the 5th month ): Shogun Ietsuna's death leads to the accession of Tsunayoshi as head of the shogunate. [3]
( ): Shogun Ietsuna's death leads to the accession of Tsunayoshi as head of the shogunate. 1680–81 ( Enpō 8 ): Gokoku-ji in Edo is founded in honor of Tsunayoshi's mother. [3]
( ): Gokoku-ji in Edo is founded in honor of Tsunayoshi's mother. 1681 (Tenna 1): Tsunayoshi's investiture as shōgun.[3]
A power struggle ensued, and for a time, the succession remained an open question. Sakai Tadakiyo, one of Ietsuna's most favored advisors, suggested that the succession not pass to someone of the Tokugawa line, but rather to the blood royal, favoring one of the sons of Emperor Go-Sai to become the next shōgun (as during the Kamakura shogunate) but Tadakiyo was dismissed soon after.
Hotta Masatoshi, one of the most brilliant advisors of shōgun Ietsuna's rule, was the first person to suggest that Tokugawa Tsunayoshi, as the brother of the former shōgun and the son of the third, become the next shōgun. Finally, in 1681 (Tenna 1), Tsunayoshi's elevation was confirmed; and they were installed as the fifth shōgun of the Tokugawa shogunate.
Shōgun (1680–1709) [ edit ]
Immediately after becoming shōgun, Tsunayoshi gave Hotta Masatoshi the title of Tairō, in a way thanking them for ensuring their succession. Almost immediately after they became shogun, they ordered a vassal of the Takata to commit suicide because of misgovernment, showing their strict approach to the samurai code. They then confiscated their fief of 250,000 koku. During their reign, they would confiscate a total of 1,400,000 koku.
In 1682, shōgun Tsunayoshi ordered their censors and police to raise the living standard of the people. Soon, prostitution was banned, waiteres could not be employed in tea houses, and rare and expensive fabrics were banned. Most probably, smuggling began as a practice in Japan soon after Tsunayoshi's authoritarian laws came into effect. In 1684, Tsunayoshi also decreased the power of the tairō after the assassination of Masatoshi by a cousin in that same year.
Nonetheless, due again to maternal advice, Tsunayoshi became very religious, promoting the Neo-Confucianism of Zhu Xi. In 1682, they read to the daimyōs an exposition of the "Great Learning", which became an annual tradition at the shōgun's court. They soon began to lecture even more, and in 1690 lectured about Neo-Confucian work to Shinto and Buddhist daimyōs, and even to envoys from the court of Emperor Higashiyama in Kyoto. They also are interested in several Chinese works, namely The Great Learning (Da Xue) and The Classic of Filial Piety (Xiao Jing). Tsunayoshi also loved art and Noh theater.
In 1691, Engelbert Kaempfer visited Edo as part of the annual Dutch embassy from Dejima in Nagasaki. They journeyed from Nagasaki to Osaka, to Kyoto, and there to Edo. Kaempfer gives us information on Japan during the early reign of Tokugawa Tsunayoshi. As the Dutch embassy entered Edo in 1692, they asked to have an audience with Shogun Tsunayoshi. While they were waiting for approval, a fire destroyed six hundred houses in Edo, and the audience was postponed. Tsunayoshi and several of the ladies of the court sat behind reed screens, while the Dutch embassy sat in front of them. Tsunayoshi took an interest in Western matters, and apparently asked them to talk and sing with one another for them to see how Westerners behaved. Tsunayoshi later put on a Noh drama for them.
Owing to religious fundamentalism, Tsunayoshi sought protection for living beings in the later parts of their rule. In the 1690s and first decade of the 18th century, Tsunayoshi, who was born in the Year of the Dog, thought they should take several measures concerning dogs. A collection of edicts released daily, known as the Edicts on Compassion for Living Things (生類憐みの令, Shōruiawareminorei) told the populace, inter alia, to protect dogs, since in Edo there were many stray and diseased dogs walking around the city. Therefore, they earned the pejorative title Inu-Kubō (犬公方:Inu=Dog, Kubō=formal title of Shogun).[1]
In 1695, there were so many dogs that Edo began to smell horribly. An apprentice was even executed because they wounded a dog. Finally, the trouble was taken to a distance, as over 50,000 dogs were deported to kennels in the suburbs of the city where they would be housed. They were apparently fed rice and fish which were at the expense of the taxpaying citizens of Edo.
For the latter part of Tsunayoshi's reign, they were advised by Yanagisawa Yoshiyasu.[1] It was a golden era of classic Japanese art, known as the Genroku era.
In 1701, Asano Naganori, the daimyō of Akō han, having been allegedly insulted by Kira Yoshinaka in Edo Castle, attempted to kill him. Asano was executed, but Kira went unpunished. Asano's forty-seven rōnin avenged their death by killing Kira and became a legend that influenced many plays and stories of the era. The most successful of them was a bunraku play called Kanadehon Chūshingura (now simply called Chūshingura, or "Treasury of Loyal Retainers"), written in 1748 by Takeda Izumo and two associates; it was later adapted into a kabuki play, which is still one of Japan's most popular. The earliest known account of the Akō incident in the West was published in 1822 in Isaac Titsingh's book, Illustrations of Japan.[4]
In 1704, Tsunayoshi's only surviving child, Tsuruhime died following a miscarriage and at few months their son-in-law Tokugawa Tsunanori of Kii Domain follow Tsuruhime.
In 1706, Edo was hit by a typhoon, and Mount Fuji erupted the following year.
Tsunayoshi's first son Tokugawa Tokumatsu (1679–1683) died at the age of 4 due to illness. Therefore, Tsunayoshi was succeeded by their nephew, Tokugawa Ienobu, who was the son of their other brother, Tokugawa Tsunashige, the former Lord of Kōfu, which was a title Ienobu held themselves before becoming shōgun.
Tsunayoshi's official wife, Takatsukasa Nobuko, poisoned Tsunayoshi's second son Chomatsu, who was their son with their favorite concubine, Yasuko. Chosomaru died at 3 years of age. This gave rise to suspicions that they may have poisoned Tokugawa Tokumatsu as well.
Death [ edit ]
It was insinuated that Tsunayoshi was stabbed by their consort after they tried to proclaim an illegitimate child as their heir; this concept, stemming from the Sanno Gaiki, is refuted in contemporary records which explain that Tsunayoshi had the measles at the end of their life and died on February 19, 1709, in the presence of their entourage.[5] Their death was just four days short of their 63rd birthday. They were given the Buddhist name Joken'in (常憲院) and buried in Kan'ei-ji.
Eras of Tsunayoshi's bakufu [ edit ]
The years in which Tsunayoshi was shogun are more specifically identified by more than one era name or nengō.[6]
In popular culture [ edit ]
Tsunayoshi's court is the subject of the popular 2005 FujiTV drama Ōoku: Hana no Ran, in which Tsunayoshi is played by Tanihara Shosuke.
Tsunayoshi appears as a character in a series of mystery novels by American writer Laura Joh Rowland. The protagonist, Sano Ichiro, begins their career as a police officer in the capital city of Edo. The first novel, 1994's Shinjū, is set in January 1689, the first year of the Genroku period. During the course of investigating a double murder disguised as a lovers' suicide, Sano uncovers and foils a plot to assassinate Tsunayoshi and is rewarded by a promotion to be the shōgun's special investigator. Appearing in all of the novels, Tsunayoshi is portrayed as a homosexual, and as a weak-willed and inept leader unaware that they are a puppet to the manipulations of first their lover Yanagisawa Yoshiyasu, and then their cousin Lord Matsudaira.
Tsunayoshi is also featured in an episode of Demashita! Powerpuff Girls Z in which their ghost is awakened and possesses the Mayor, using their authority to invoke a "monster compassion law" akin to their dog protection laws.
Tsunayoshi Sawada (沢田 綱吉, Sawada Tsunayoshi), a character in Katekyo Hitman Reborn, is named after this shogun.
They show up in Vanillaware's Muramasa: The Demon Blade as the primary antagonist.
In the 2018 anime series Yuru Camp, Nadeshiko signs a series of text messages in which they encounter a dog, "by Tsunayoshi".
Ancestry [ edit ]
[7]
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Earlier this month, police officers in Michigan received a message from a Michael Zaydel, a 21-year-old man from Redford Township, Michigan who, at the time, had several warrants out for their arrest, letting them know that if they could get a Facebook post about them to get 1,000 shares, he'll turn themselves in. Amused, the officers accepted their challenge. Within an hour after sharing the challenge online, they managed to reach their goal. Making good on the agreement, the suspect subsequently turned themselves in.
According to reports, Zaydel, who is also known online as “Champagne Torino,” initially sent the challenge to the Redford Township Police Department using Facebook's private messaging service. “Yeah, I'm not worried about [being arrested]. If you're [sic] next post gets a thousand shares I'll turn myself in along with a dozen doughnuts. And that's a promise,” wrote Zaydel at the time. “And I'll pick up every piece of litter around all your public schools. Let's see if you can get those shares,” they added.
Shortly after receiving Zaydel's message, the police department published a status on Facebook accepting their challenge. Specifically, they stated, “CHALLENGE ACCEPTED! Mr. Champagne Torino has issued the RTPD a challenge. As you can see below, if we can have this post SHARED 1000 times, they will turn themselves into RTPD on their existing warrants, clean up [the] blight on public school property, and bring us a dozen donuts.”
In the same post, they also made it clear that the promise of doughnuts made them extremely excited, stating, “donuts!!!! They promised us donuts! You know how much we love Donuts!” Before concluding, they added, “help us win this challenge and clean up blight in Redford at the same time! It's as easy as a SHARE of this post.”
Shockingly, it only took them a little over an hour to get 1,000 shares, which they celebrated in a second Facebook status that they posted soon after meeting their goal. “It is amazing the support we get from the community. Mr. ‘Torino' gave us a challenge. That challenge was accepted,” they announced.
“He may or may not be a man of their word. It is our experience everyone gets caught at some point. They have drawn a lot of attention to himself, and that makes it hard to hide from reality,” they continued, noting, “the important thing to be seen here is the support of the community, and the desire to help. Our jobs would be next to impossible without that partnership. 1000 shares in just over an hour! While this was fun, it was also educational. Thank you.”
Zaydel, however, did not turn themselves in right away, prompting the police department to publish a Facebook post asking the public for their help in tracking them down. Specifically, they wrote, “The Redford Township Police Department is seeking the public's assistance in locating Michael Martin Zaydel, 21 years of age. Mr. Zaydel has multiple outstanding misdemeanor warrants out of the 17th District Court, and several other jurisdictions in this area.” In their post, they also jokingly added that they may be found at a local donut shop.
Despite not showing up at first, Zaydel eventually made good on their promise and turned themselves in several days later. After booking him, the Redford Township Police Department went on Facebook and shared the good news with their followers.
“This evening at approximately 6:30 pm Michael Zaydel made good on their promise to turn themselves in to RTPD for their outstanding warrants. They walked in on their own, and not only did they bring the donuts, they brought one bagel!” announced the department.
“Mr. Zaydel was lodged and will have a hearing tomorrow morning at the 17th District Court,” they continued, noting, “we would again like to express our gratitude for the support of all who followed this, shared it, and left us positive feedback.”
On their way inside the police station, Zaydel was stopped and briefly interviewed by reporters who were waiting for them out front. “The doughnuts [were] just a joke [because] cops like donuts, but I thought I'd bring them something for the inconvenience,” explained Zaydel.
“To be honest with you, I didn't expect it to blow up this big….I'm disappointed that this is what our law enforcement agencies have come down to — reducing themselves to going back and forth with people on Facebook,” they continued, adding, “the 1,000 shares was just whatever, I was sure they could have gotten 5,000 if they wanted to. [But] I am keeping my word.”
When asked why it took them so long to finally turn themselves in, Zaydel let them know that they first had to take care of some personal matters, stating, “I wasn't going to drop everything. I had to have jaw surgery and stuff like that.”
Clearly, police officers have to deal with some unusual situations. Hopefully, criminals continue to sow the seeds of their own demise by underestimating the power of social media.
The Ashen are back and are laying waste to Ancaria. It is up to you to take up the mantle of one of 4 heroes, team up with up to 3 friends and hack ‘n' slash your way through thousands of enemies in order to defeat the invaders and retrieve the Heart of Ancaria. This is Sacred 3.
Sacred 3 has you play as one of four heroes – A winged Seraphim, Marak the axe-weilding Safiri, the royal Alithea and Vajra, the Khukuri archer – all of which have their own set of skills, strengths and weaknesses. These heroes have gathered to face the Ashen, a force that had been defeated in previous Sacred games but has regained its strength and has captured the Heart of Ancaria, upsetting the balance of the land. You are guided by Aria, a helpful but rather annoying lady who is leading the resistance.
Sacred 3 is an (almost) top down, linear hack ‘n' slash trawler and hacking and slashing is almost all that you do. The game starts well, introducing you to the fighting mechanics as you defend Halios from attack. X is a standard attack. Square is a block breaker. O is dodge or block. Combat skills (devastating attack moves) are unleashed using L1 or R1. There is no jump button, even though most of the trailers for Sacred 3 show a hero leaping through the air at some point. Triangle is to interact with objects. You then use these controls to mash your way through wave, after wave, after wave, after wave (you get the idea) of enemies. The game is built around the combat and it is all you seem to do throughout. Walk. Fight. Walk. Fight some more. Walk. Fight while occasionally pressing Triangle next to something. Walk. Beat up an object. Walk. Fight. This becomes very repetitive early on before the difficulty starts to ramp up and even then, the wide variety and mix of enemies is the only thing stopping Sacred 3 from being excruciatingly boring.
One of the only pleasing aspects of Sacred 3 is the plethora of different enemies for you to slice through. There are tonnes of them. These range from grunt fodder which are easily dispatched with one slash of your axe, shield enemies which cannot be attacked unless hit with a block breaker, wizard/shaman style enemies which perform area of effect spells and “elite” enemies which are bigger and badder than the normal enemies, have more health, better attacks and take some effort to bring down.
Sacred 3 has a surprising amount of levels that span numerous different themes, (crumbling cities, forests, volcanic eruptions, ruins among others) and the environments can add to the dangers you face. In almost every level there is a segment that has falling dangers that you have to avoid, an outline of where they will land giving you a hint of where not to step. Some levels have explosive mines and poison boxes which will explode if attached. It is just a shame that these levels are so linear with only a few branching paths and invisible walls blocking your way progress into interesting looking areas.
Each main story level is capped off with a boss battle and the vast majority of these are great. They all play into the same boss battles tropes of the majority of games, with a pattern to learn in order to defeat the boss, but are still a challenge. These patterns range from simply dodging telegraphed attacks and replying with your own barrage or laying into an enemy until they unleash huge blasts that you have to use the environment to avoid getting caught in. After repeatedly tapping X for so long, carving a way through the hundreds of enemies that repeatedly get in your way, the boss battles are a nice change of pace.
Sacred 2 had a loot system which many found to be intuitive and deep, although not has good as those in the Diablo game. For some reason, there is no loot system in Sacred 3. Perhaps Keen Games decided that they could not beat Diablo on their own turf and decided to take this part of the game out entirely or maybe the loot system simply didn't work with 4 player co-op but either way, the loot system is missed. The levelling and character customisation system is relatively deep and new weapons are unlocked sporadically which can be buffed with spirits. Better attacks, new skills and upgrades to almost everything can be bought with the cash you hoard in each level and there is a decent amount of choice – not JRPG level options but enough to customise your abilities to suit your play style and characters.
Sacred 3 is fine in single player but the game is much better in co-op. The game features drop-in, drop-out multiplayer which increases or decreases the difficulty of the Ashen army. Teaming up with other players helps alleviate some of the monotony of hacking through the waves of enemies and adds a little bit of spice the proceedings as you try to compete to get the best score (as this adds an XP bonus at the end of the level). A helpful half moon appears under your character showing your player number so that you don't get lost in the melee and having a good mix of characters (like an archer and a close range tank) means you all get your fair share of action but don't get in each others way. The after effect of this multiplayer is that it is impossible to pause the game – even when playing on your own. Pressing start brings up a menu but the game continues in the background – something I learned when the Tesco delivery driver knocked on the door and I returned to find myself dead.
Here is the kicker – Sacred 3 has an attitude problem and this is where the game lets its self down the most. The game is steeped in serious fantasy but it is filled with failed attempts at humour, wackyness and light heartedness that feel entirely out-of-place. Part of the games weapon customisation allows spirits to be attached which buff them. These spirits throw out soundbites when you manage to pull of an impressive combo and can be really off-putting. Hearing “Sexy” or “Lets hug a tree” when you finish a fight in a fantasy game is just odd. At the start of every boss battle, the screen freezes and a daft message appears. When you are about to face off against a giant, ugly ork creature, the last thing you want to know is that it “Lost their teddy bear”. Sacred 3 is filled with weird wacky quirks that are out-of-place. It feels like the developers wrote a decent fantasy game and then somebody came along and said “Woah dudes! This game needs something ‘now', something ‘hip' to make it ‘down with the kids'” and then added a load of dialogue that would be more at home in Borderlands than in this game. This is most aptly demonstrated by Aria, your guide, who's guidance sounds like it coming from an acne-ridden teener than the leader of the resistance.  They are plain annoying.
As for visuals, Sacred 3 is not the prettiest game you are going to play on the PS3 but it is not ugly by any stretch of the imagination. Some of the effects are pleasing on the eye, character models are fairly detailed and the environments are colourful. There are some weird frame rate drops, even when there is nothing going on on-screen, and the action almost grinds to a halt – they are that noticeable.
The Verdict? Sacred 3 is a middling adventure which will only entertain those who are hardcore hack ‘n' slash fans. The game is a strange mix of forced humour, slick but repetitive combat and an easily forgettable storyline trudging over Sacred but well trodden ground. Its only saving graces are its length, with plenty of content to keep you busy, the variety of enemy types and a well implemented 4 player co-op system. The lack of loot is a disappointment, it is not pushing the boundaries when it comes to visuals and Sacred 3 brings nothing new to the genre.
Sacred 3 hacks its way onto the PS3 (version reviewed) and Xbox 360 on August 1st 2014.
FULL DISCLOSURE: We were provided with a review copy of Sacred 3 in order to complete this review.
Find out how Sacred 3 fares against the other games that PSGamer have reviewed on the PSGamer Leader Board.
Emily Lakdawalla • March 11, 2016
Approaching Neptune
A couple of days ago, a scientist friend asked me if I knew of modern reprocessed versions of the movies that the Voyager spacecraft made as they approached Saturn, Uranus, or Neptune. I pointed them to a terrific Saturn approach movie, but couldn't locate Uranus or Neptune ones, so I turned to the amateur image processing community at unmannedspaceflight.com to ask if anyone there had worked on this problem. It turns out that Ian Regan had, and a few days later Regan shared this "rough draft" of a Neptune approach movie. It's going to take much more work to turn it into a color movie, but I think it is spectacular as is, and am glad to share it here:
Please accept marketing-cookies to watch this video. NASA / JPL / Ian Regan Approaching Neptune (video) Voyager 2 flew past Neptune on August 25, 1989. Here, Ian Regan has taken a long sequence of Neptune images shot through many different filters in July and August 1989, as Voyager 2 approached. Regan aligned them to make a rough draft of a movie of the spinning planet. It will take much more work to generate color frames from the images. Voyager 2 was relaying the images to Earth as it was taking them, so its frame rate was limited by how fast it could send each image: images are separated in time by about 5 minutes. There were gaps in imaging as Voyager 2 turned its camera to photograph other features in the Neptune system (rings and moons). Voyager 2 flew past Neptune on August 25, 1989. Here, Ian Regan has taken a long sequence of Neptune images shot through many different filters in July and August 1989, as Voyager 2 approached. Regan aligned them to make a rough draft of a movie of the spinning planet. It will take much more work to generate color frames from the images. Voyager 2 was relaying the images to Earth as it was taking them, so its frame rate was limited by how fast it could send each image: images are separated in time by about 5 minutes. There were gaps in imaging as Voyager 2 turned its camera to photograph other features in the Neptune system (rings and moons).
Emily Lakdawalla Senior Editor and Planetary Evangelist for The Planetary Society
Read more articles by Emily Lakdawalla
Norway adopted the 7.5 mm Nagant revolver (named M/1893) as the standard Norwegian military sidearm in 1893. Commissions to test possible new service pistols were active from 1904 till 1911. In 1911, a commission recommended adoption of the semi-automatic .38 ACP caliber Colt Military Model 1902 pistol, after field trials with 25 such pistols, all purchased from Colt's London Agency. However, as the US had just adopted the Colt .45ACP M/1911 pistol it was decided to conduct further tests. A pistol of the new M/1911 design was received in Norway in January 1913. Following extensive tests through early 1914, it was finally decided, in August 1914, to adopt the Colt M/1911 pistol in Norway. These pistols were to replace the Nagant revolvers (7,5mm M/1893) as the standard military sidearm in Norway. While the original pistol was known as the 1911 Colt, the designer and copyright owner was John Browning who had licensed manufacturing in the US to Colt. Norway attempted to get licensing through Colt, but discovered European production was through Fabrique Nationale. So in September 1914, Norway signed a contract with Fabrique Nationale of Belgium for manufacture. The pistol would be produced at Kongsberg Vaapenfabrikk in Norway. [1]
COLT AUT. PISTOL M/1912, with No. 67
As production start was slow, some Model 1911s were bought from Colt USA. Four hundred pistols were shipped to Norway for the Royal Norwegian Navy in 1915, 300 more pistols were shipped in 1917 for the Norwegian Army. Price was US$18.50 per piece.
The first test production at Kongsberg Våpenfabrikk in Norway occurred in 1917 and 95 pistols were finished and wrongly stamped "COLT AUT. PISTOL M/1912". These pistols were identical to the Colt M1911 except for a minor detail on the hammer checkering. 100 pistols were ordered, but 5 were rejected during production. The serial range was from 1 to 95. Number 2 was stolen from Norwegian Armed Forces Museum in 1978.
Kongsberg Våpenfabrikk was ready to start mass production in 1918. One significant change was now made. The slide-stop was extended down and back to make it easier to operate. This change required a cut-out in the left stock. This change had been suggested in 1916, but did not materialize on the production pistols before in 1918. The new version had the left side of the slide stamped "11.25 m/m AUT. PISTOL M/1914.", which was correct as the adoption of the gun was approved in 1914. Most of the pistols that had been marked "1912" were recalled to the factory to have the "new" slide stop installed. Production went on, and 22,311 pieces were made before 1940, including the 1917 test-run ).
During the German occupation of Norway (1940–1945), manufacture of the pistol, given the designation Pistole 657(n), was continued under German control. The Waffenamt acceptance mark (WaA84) was added in 1945 and only those 920 pistols produced that year were ever Waffenamt-marked. It is not likely that any of these Waffenamt-marked pistols ever saw any action during World War II as the first one, serial# 29615, was delivered March 29, 1945 and the last one, serial# 30534, was delivered on 5 May 1945 just before liberation of Norway.[citation needed] In total, approximately 8200 pistols were made during German occupation (serials 22312-30534). All of them were delivered to AOK Norwegen (Army) except 700 that were delivered to Maza Norwegen (Navy).
Occupation production:
1940 = approx. 50 pistols
1941 = approx. 4099 pistols
1942 = 3154 pistols
1945 = 920 pistols
No pistols were produced in 1943 and 1944. In those years, production of Krag-Jørgensen rifles was prioritized.[citation needed]
A further 2,319 pistols were assembled from existing parts after the war until production was halted at serial number 32854 in 1948. Twenty additional pistols were assembled from foreign-produced parts in 1987 as collector's pieces for the US market. A US dealer supplied commercial frames, slides and barrels as well as other parts that were assembled at Kongsberg. Previous markings were removed and Kongsberg markings and serials were engraved on the parts before the assembled pistols were returned to the US.[1]
Friday Facts #168 - Nightvision Nightmare
Posted by Posila on 2016-12-09, all posts
Nightvision nightmare
As Twinsen continues tweaking the combat, they started to complain about the “green fog” effect that is applied during night when the player's character has nightvision goggles equipped. Nightvison in 0.14 works in a way that it reduces the darkness of night, and then draws a transparent green overlay. This washes out the colors, reduces contrast, and makes the picture pretty unpleasant to look at.
The first idea was to just make the green overlay be rendered around light sources, to reward players who put lights into their bases, by not making the base look worse with nightvision on. This didn't look too good, and as we were trying to figure out how to improve it, other developers, especially artists, caught on to what we were doing, and started to provide their own ideas.
Next we tried to darken only the red and blue channels when nightvision is on. This will make the picture green without losing contrast and we can drop the green overlay. We kept “not applying effect onto lighted area” logic and it started to look interesting.
Albert wasn't happy with the result though, so we continued experimenting. We added a soft green tint to lighted areas, and a bright green glow onto the transition between light and darkness. Then we added white highlights to light sources and it finally started too pleasant to look at.
We will stick with this version for time being, but plan to work on it more. We can't agree if this change is for better or worse even inside the team. It seems everybody has their own idea about how nightvision effect should look like and what benefits it should provide to players. For example it would be nice to have goggles with greyscale effect that would highlight biters. So maybe heat vision?
Factorio developer tools
Game developers usually boast about what great tools they have developed to help create content for their game. For Factorio so far there exists a single python script for creating sprite sheets, and the in-game map editor for creating maps, for scenarios and the campaign. We don't have any database of all entities from which we would generate prototype definitions or anything like that.
There has always been a need for some tools to help the artists with the post-production of sprites, and so we have added a developer feature that allows the Factorio engine to reload any sprite sheet within a second of it being changed. Our artists are very excited about this, as they can edit a sprite in Photoshop, save it and immediately see their changes in the game.
Next we plan to add the ability to modify certain prototype values in runtime. This is again mainly intended for artists, but eventually should help to balance various aspects of the game, as we could just open a developer menu and try out several different values in matter of seconds. Hopefully both of these features are also going to be useful to modders, as it should be available to some extent in builds we release to public.
As always, let us know your thoughts and opinion on our forum
Bullbars of a police car in Abu Dhabi
A bullbar or push bumper (also (kanga)roo bar or 'nudge bar' in Australia, 'moose bumper' in Canada, and push bar, brush guard, 'grille guard', 'rammer' or 'cattle pusher' in the United States) is a device installed on the front of a vehicle to protect its front from collisions, whether an accidental collision with a large animal in rural roads, or an intentional collision with another vehicle in police usage. They range considerably in size and form, and are normally composed of welded steel or aluminium tubing, or, more recently, moulded polycarbonate and polyethylene materials. The "bull" in the name refers to cattle, which in rural areas sometimes roam onto rural roads and highways.
Studies have shown that using bull bars increases the risk of death and serious injury to pedestrians.[1] This is because the bull bar is rigid, and so transmits all the force to the pedestrian, unlike a bumper which resists some force and crumples. Due to the number of deaths and injuries caused by the rigid fronts of cars, often with metal bullbars (2,000 deaths and 18,000 serious accidents per year in Europe, according to official studies in the UK[2]), the sale of new metal bullbars which did not comply with the European Union Directive was banned.[3] However, in the United Kingdom the sale and refitting of second-hand bars manufactured before 2007 or the use of pre-2007 bars already fitted is permitted as per the current MOT guidelines: "It is not illegal for vehicles to be fitted with bull bars, although the Department would not recommend their fitment unless it has been shown, through compliance with specified safety standards, that they do not pose an additional risk of injury to pedestrians or other vulnerable road users. There are no plans for legislation to require bull bars that are already fitted to be removed."[4]
Design and terminology [ edit ]
Where cattle are more prominent and where larger four-wheel drive vehicles are used, drivers use larger steel bullbars.
Brushbars (or bush bars) are similar to bullbars, often integrated into the bull bar design. They protect the front of the vehicle, especially headlights, from brush and small trees.
"Nudge bars", another kind of bullbar, are generally fitted to sedans and small SUVs, and consist of light aluminium or polycarbonate tubing that protects only the radiator grille and areas without replacing the bumper bar. Bullbars typically replace the front bumper or fender, so most require indicator light housings.
Bullbars are sometimes used as a platform for mounting spotlights and vehicle recovery winches. Radio antennas for equipment such as CB radios are often mounted onto bullbars, even though mounting on the roof provides better performance.
Bullbars incorporating a winch are often known as "winch bumpers", especially in the UK where the sale of bullbars that do not meet European standards, as mentioned above, was banned since 2007. However, the legislation was not retrospective, and steel frontal protection systems can still be legal, for instance when incorporating a winch fitting.
As a safety feature, traditional bars are built to protect the vehicle, which is considered less safe than allowing controlled deformation to absorb kinetic energy during a collision. Modern design of bullbars and roo bars has advanced, so some vehicle manufacturers and aftermarket companies now offer impact bars which integrate with the vehicle safety system, such as activation of airbags after collision with the bullbar. Plastic bullbars made from materials such as polyethylene are designed to act like a spring and deflect due to the force of a collision so that the vehicle is still driveable after striking an animal. These designs are more "pedestrian friendly" than the same vehicle without any bullbar.[5][6]
There are many aspects relating to the proper construction of a bullbar. It is widely accepted that the channel section which provides the strength for the protection system must be constructed from one piece of material and free from sections bolted on or welded together. The thickness of the material is something which should be considered when choosing a bullbar, generally the thicker the material, the stronger the product delivering greater protection. The grade of material is also important, products manufactured from steel or hi-tensile/structural grade alloys are stronger than a standard alloy or polymer products. Bull bars are popular among the SUV and truck owners in the U.S. and installation of a bull bar is not considered a modification, as this is bolt-on accessory[7]. The most popular materials of the US-built bull bars are polished stainless steel and mild steel with black powder coating. Some states require license plate relocation from the body to the bull bar. However, all states allow installation of aftermarket bull bars as of 2018.
In recent times bullbars have become popular also as a cosmetic accessory, particularly on the larger four-wheel drive and Sports Utility Vehicles (SUVs). Studies and media attention to them[8] and their role in increasing pedestrian deaths led to an agreement with the European Union among carmakers not to install them on new vehicles from January 1, 2002.[9] This was followed by a full EU ban on the sale of rigid bullbars (e.g., by aftermarket fitters). Vehicles that already had them fitted prior to the ban remain legal.
Police usage [ edit ]
Fully integrated roo bar fitted to a Holden Rodeo ute operated by the Western Australian Police Service
A push bumper or nudge bar is fitted to the chassis of the car and located to augment the front bumper, to allow the car to be used as a battering ram for simple structures or fences, or to push disabled vehicles off the road.
The Pursuit Intervention Technique (PIT) bumper attaches to the front frame of a patrol car. It is designed to end vehicle pursuits by spinning the fleeing vehicle with a nudge to the rear quarter panel. Cars not fitted with a PIT Bumper can still attempt a PIT maneuver at risk of increased front-end damage and possible disablement if the maneuver fails and the pursuit continues.
Bullbars are installed using the same mounting holes in the front of the truck or SUV that are used to install snow plows, tow hooks, and other accessories. Bullbar installation require a set of lower brackets, while installing larger grille guards, such as brushbars, may also require upper mounting brackets. Some bullbars might cover front license plate of the vehicle. In this case special license plate brackets can be used to relocate it and ensure its proper visibility.
Australia [ edit ]
Kangaroos are a primary road safety hazard in Australia, hence the alternative name "roo bar". Kangaroos account for over 60% of collisions between vehicles and animals in Australia;[citation needed] the next most common type of animal being dogs at 12%.[citation needed] This high animal strike incidence is why roo bars are most commonly fitted to vehicles in Australia in outback or rural areas.[citation needed]
Over recent years there has been debate in Australia regarding the safety implications of fitting a bullbar, especially as four-wheel drives and their accessories are becoming increasingly popular in urban areas. The use of bullbars in urban areas is criticised by cycling and pedestrian organisations.[10]
Bullbar manufacturers in Australia must conform to Australian standard AS47861.1/2002. In some states it may be illegal to drive a vehicle fitted with a bullbar that does not comply with the Australian Design Rules (ADRs). The main ADR requirement that applies to bullbars is a clause within ADR 42/xx (where xx designates a version number), which states (in part) that:
No vehicle shall be equipped with any object or fitting, not technically essential to such vehicle, which protrudes from any part of the vehicle so that it is likely to increase the risk of bodily injury to any person.
This requirement is not specifically aimed at bullbars but does effectively prescribe requirements for their construction. ADR 42/00, the first version of this rule, applied to vehicles built from July 1988. Australian Standard AS4876.1-2002 Motor vehicle frontal protection systems Part 1: Road user protection was released in 2002, and applies construction rules to all bullbars manufactured since that date,[11] regardless of the age of the vehicle that they are fitted to. Similar requirements for older vehicles fitted with bullbars manufactured before that Australian Standard was implemented exist only in state legislation.
In 2003, New South Wales State Member of Parliament Anthony Roberts suggested there is little or no enforcement of the ADR requirement and Harold Scruby (of the Pedestrian Council of Australia) has proposed that modern standards should be made retrospective.[12]
Bullbars are not allowed to cause a vehicle to fail to comply with other ADRs to which they were originally constructed. This includes visibility of lights, such as headlights and indicators; but it particularly relates to ADR 69/00, the rule for 'Full frontal impact protection'. In order to comply with this rule, bullbars manufactured for vehicles equipped with SRS (airbag systems) must be tested for compatibility with the airbag system.[citation needed]
The major bull bar manufacturers in Australia are TJM, ARB, ECB, Ironman, Smartbar, AFN and Uneek. So far there has only been one major bull bar comparison test done that was conducted by 4WD Action Magazine 150. The TJM Outback Bar was named the overall winner of the contest.[13]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Despite long lines to get a pair of Snap's Spectacles near the end of 2016, enthusiasm for the product appears to have cooled, at least at the company's New York store.
In November, people waited outside the store for up to 18 hours to be the first to purchase the combination glasses and video recorder. However, a midday visit to Snap's physical store on Thursday revealed there was no one in line to get the product.
Spectacles are Snap's hyped video recording smartglasses, which were released on Nov. 10, 2016. The glasses retail for $129 + tax. The only way to buy a pair is from a Spectacles vending machine at the New York retail location, find the roving Spectacles vending machine around the world using clues on its website, or buy it used from a third party.
Buy Photo Indiana Superintendent of Public Instruction Glenda Ritz (Photo11: Charlie Nye / The Star)Buy Photo
More than a fourth of the contributions received by Glenda Ritz's campaign for governor came during this year's legislative session — a potential violation of Indiana's campaign finance laws.
Ritz, who raised about $30,000 during the first half of the year, received 28 donations totaling $8,150 during the legislative session, which ran from Jan. 6 and April 29.
State law prohibits candidates running for statewide office from accepting campaign contributions during the session in odd numbered years, when lawmakers craft the state's two-year budget.
An Indianapolis Star review of Ritz's campaign finance filings also found that their campaign for superintendent of public instruction received more than $82,000 in contributions during the 2013 legislative session, mostly from the Indiana Democratic Party and PACs affiliated with the Indiana State Teachers Association.
The Democratic Party emphasized that its contributions were in-kind donations for Ritz's transition into public office, not campaign cash. And it noted that the Indiana Republican Party also had contributed in-kind services of about $2,400 to Gov. Mike Pence during the 2013 legislative session, according to campaign finance reports.
The penalty for violating the law is a civil fine of up to twice the amount of any improper contributions that were received, plus any costs incurred by the state's election division. In Ritz's case, that could be up to $180,000 — more than the $112,220 their campaign currently has in its bank account.
The Indiana Election Commission generally requires a formal complaint to be filed before it will take enforcement action. No complaints had been filed as of Friday afternoon.
Ritz, a Democrat who is currently the state's schools chief, told reporters Friday morning that their campaign had made a “clerical error” on this year's campaign finance report and would be filing an amended report soon.
Ritz campaign spokesperson Pat Terrell said the 2015 contributions in question were actually received before the legislative session, but weren't deposited until after the session began. They said they didn't have enough information to immediately address questions about the 2013 contributions.
Ritz's explanation may not be enough to satisfy the law's requirements.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Breaking News newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Urgent developments you should know now, not later. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-888-357-7827. Delivery: varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Breaking News Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
“The critical moment is when the check or cash is deposited into a bank account,” said Bradley King, co-director of the state election division.
Ritz already lags their Democratic primary opponent John Gregg in fund raising. Gregg, a former Indiana House speaker, raised more than $1.7 million during the first six months of the year. The man they are trying to beat, Republican Gov. Mike Pence, raised more than $1.6 million.
Political observers have said Ritz's inability to raise even two percent of what their top primary opponent raised is a major problem for their campaign.
“Of course it's a concern, just because of the cost of running a statewide campaign,” Terrell said. “Dollar bills don't vote. I think there is some value to clearly having a strong grassroots campaign. But that doesn't offset the need to compete on TV with the governor as well.”
They said they expect Ritz, who launched their gubernatorial campaign just last month, to post better fund-raising numbers in the future.
Them run for governor comes after a high-profile battle during the legislative session with Pence and their fellow Republicans who control the General Assembly, who considered stripping them of their automatic position as chairperson of the state board of education.
Call Star reporter Tony Cook at (317) 444-6081. Follow them on Twitter: @indystartony.
Read or Share this story: http://indy.st/1MyQevp
Copy.com, the cloud storage service that offered near-unlimited space and huge bonuses for referrals, announced today they're shutting down on May 1st, 2016—leaving more than a few people with dozens or hundreds of gigs of data to migrate.
Copy, and its business-focused cloud storage service, CudaDrive, are subsidiaries of Barracuda Networks, which announced the shutdown today first in the form of pop-up notifications to its users, and then eventually in a statement on their home page (linked below). From it, they note:
We know this comes as disappointing news to our users, but rest assured that we will do everything we can to take care of each of you in the manner for which Barracuda is known. We have partnered with Mover.io to make migrating your data to another service as easy as possible and have created a step-by-step guide that walks you through the process of moving your data to a local hard drive or another cloud storage solution. If you are on a paid subscription for either Copy or CudaDrive, please keep an eye out in the coming days for an email with more detailed information on your options. For additional information, please visit our FAQ page.
Advertisement
Copy was one of our runners-up for the best cloud storage services, mostly because there was virtually no limit on the amount of storage you could collect—as long as you could get people to help you out with referrals and sign up through your links.
Users with paid plans will likely be offered a refund or credit for a different storage service, but everyone will have to get their data out before the service is discontinued on May 1st. For more, hit the link below to see the full announcement.
Copy and CudaDrive services will be discontinued | Copy.com via Jason Chen
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption What do Saudi women say about oppression?
Would you want to live as a woman in Saudi Arabia? Based on what you hear, probably not.
Life for women in the Arab kingdom is often painted as one of repression, after all they are forbidden from driving and are restricted by male guardianship laws which deprive them of their independence.
And BBC Trending has covered several stories that have gone viral that show how these restrictions affect women's lives.
But many of these stories also show how women are using social media to make their voices heard, challenging not only their own society but also the stereotype the world has of them.
So for the "Saudis on Social" series we asked Saudi women, if they are really that oppressed?
Video Journalist and reporter Mai Noman
Additional reporting by Ahmed Nour (BBC Monitoring) and Hind Suleiman
To follow and join the conversation about life in Saudi Arabia, search for the hashtag #SaudisOnSocial.
Earlier this month the Renewables 2014 Global Status Report (GSR) was released by the Renewable Energy Policy Network for the 21st Century (REN21). REN21 is a global renewable energy network that connects governments, nongovernmental organizations, research and academic institutions, international organizations and industry to share information and advance renewable energy. REN21 assists policymakers by providing high quality information and catalyzes discussion and debate on renewable energy policy.
I believe that the GSR is the most comprehensive report available when it comes to the global renewable energy picture, but I may be somewhat biased as I have been a contributor to and reviewer of the report for the past five years. Each year when it is released, I like to provide an overview and highlight promising sectors for investors.
Following last year's GSR release we took a deep dive into the solar sector and came up with a gem for subscribers in First Solar (Nasdaq: FSLR), which returned 88 percent in under seven months before we advised subscribers to take some money off the table (and FSLR is down 7 percent since we provided that advice on March 20). We did the same solar deep dive in last week's Energy Strategist, and made another recommendation in the sector, which has already gained more than 10 percent since. But today I provide a general overview of the GSR.
Global Renewables Overview
Despite declining policy support and uncertainty in many European countries and the US, renewables continued to grow globally. In the power sector global capacity exceeded 1,560 gigawatts (GW), up more than 8 percent over 2012. Hydropower rose by 4 percent to approximately 1,000 GW, and other renewables collectively grew nearly 17 percent to more than 560 GW.
Solar photovoltaics (PV) continued to expand at a rapid rate, with growth in global capacity averaging almost 55 percent annually over the past five years. Even as global investment in solar PV declined by nearly 22 percent from 2012, new PV capacity installations increased by about 32 percent as a result of sharply falling levelized costs. For the first time ever, the world added more solar PV than wind power capacity in 2013.
Capacity additions were greater in 2013 for geothermal power, hydropower, and solar heating than their five-year average growth rates. However, growth rates for wind power, solar PV, and concentrating solar power (CSP) all slowed relative to their five-year average growth rates.
After a few years of uneven growth, global ethanol and biodiesel production both increased in 2013. By early 2014, at least 63 countries used regulatory policies to promote the production or consumption of biofuels for transport — up from the 49 reported in GSR 2013.
In the European Union (EU), renewables represented the majority of new electric generating capacity for the sixth consecutive year (72 percent of new capacity in 2013), and in China new renewable power capacity surpassed fossil fuel and nuclear capacity additions for the first time. Worldwide, renewables accounted for more than 56 percent of net additions to power capacity in 2013.
At the end of 2013, China, the US, Brazil, Canada, and Germany were the top five countries for total installed renewable power capacity. China ranked first in total renewable energy investments, hydropower capacity, solar PV capacity, wind capacity and solar water heating capacity. The US ranked first in concentrating solar power capacity, ethanol production and biodiesel production.
Global new investment in non-hydropower renewable power and fuels was an estimated $214 billion in 2013, 53 percent of which went into solar power. The total was down 14 percent from 2012 and 23 percent lower than the current peak investment year of 2011. (Japan was a notable exception, with an increase in renewable investments of 80 percent over 2012.) Part of the decline in investment can be attributed to declining government subsidies in some countries, but some of it is likely the result of falling technology costs. Solar PV, for example, saw record levels of new installations in 2013, despite a 22 percent decline in dollars invested.
ALEPPO, Syria — A lonesome darkness hangs over this war-ravaged city. It is as if time has gone hundreds of years back, to an era when electricity was not yet discovered. Near the rubble of destroyed buildings, among dozens of desolate buildings, light emanates from some balconies that are still inhabited, which gives you the feeling that there is still life here. You are in Aleppo, the economic capital and second-largest city in Syria.
For Aleppo residents, electricity is no longer a basic requirement: Its continuous interruption has led them to gradually dispense with it. Having electricity has turned into a luxury.
Many residents have even sold their electrical tools, their TVs, washing machines and irons, among other appliances that they no longer use. As for the refrigerators, they were turned into water tanks, or even libraries, whereas microwaves became used as storage for supplies.
As you walk on the streets of Aleppo, you may be surprised by a lively neighborhood where children can be seen celebrating, women heard uttering cries of joy to the sound of intermittent gunshots. No, those detained by the Syrian security services have not been released, nor has the war stopped. Electricity is back in this neighborhood.
The duration of the power outage differs from one neighborhood to another. Neighborhoods controlled by the regime don't experience long outages, unlike the ones controlled by the opposition. These are exposed to daily shelling operations that cause permanent damage. The breakdowns occur in areas of clashes. In some cases, the power outages have been ongoing for more than a year.
For example, Al-Firdaws neighborhood has been suffering from a power outage for a year and three months due to a malfunction in the electricity plant, which distributes power to the neighborhood. The maintenance teams failed to repair the breakdown until the opposition placed pressure on the regime to secure an alternative line to the neighborhood on May 13.
Aleppo gets electricity based on the principle of “Give me electricity, and I will give you …” The situation in Aleppo is complicated as the province is divided between the regime, the rebels and the Islamic State (IS), with each party controlling part of the electrical grid.
Aleppo's main source of electricity used to be the thermal power plant in the eastern countryside, which has been out of service since June 2013 due to malfunctions caused by the battles raging around it. The plant is currently under the control of IS.
Aleppo receives electricity through the Zorba line, which is an alternative line coming from the central region. Both the regime and the rebels control parts of it. Thus, any outage practiced by any party against the other will be treated with reciprocity, i.e., an electricity outage for all of Aleppo.
In an interview with Al-Monitor, Ahmad Derry, director of the local administration affiliated with the opposition, said, “The high tension cable reaching Aleppo through the Zorba line does not meet the needs of the province. Moreover, taking advantage of it is often impossible because of the damage inflicted to the grid.”
There is never electricity for more than six hours per day, at best, as electricity is alternatively distributed to the neighborhoods of the city. Add to this the breakdowns in the Zorba line, which occur on a weekly basis. This is causing all of Aleppo to suffer from electricity interruption, as this line is the city's sole electricity source.
“The regime wants to disrupt life in the liberated areas. Therefore, it is deliberately targeting the infrastructure there. The vicinity of the Hanano station was targeted with three barrels. Moreover, the two Aleppo stations of Al-Qadima and Sakhour were shelled, and the repair of these stations is very expensive and difficult,” Derry added.
The neighborhoods of east Aleppo have become ghost neighborhoods now that most of the population has been displaced since the explosive barrel bombing campaign on the city, which has been ongoing for about eight months. The western Aleppo neighborhoods, such as the Saladin, al-Ansari and al-Zabidiya neighborhoods, which are still controlled by the opposition, are still vibrant. This led to the spread of generators, or what have become known as “amperes.” An investor runs a large-capacity generator and distributes electricity to the residents of the neighborhood through weekly subscriptions defined by specific amperage.
Rami, a resident of the district of Saladin said, “We are fed up with the continuous power outage. It is no longer possible to rely on electricity from the grid. There are no specific dates for the return of electricity, and in many cases, as soon as electricity is back, another malfunction occurs.”
“Despite the cost of subscription to generators, these remain the only solution for the moment, and we don't have another choice. I subscribed to two generators, which is enough for me to turn on the television, the fan and light the house. As for the washing machine and fridge, we wait for the return of [normal] electricity to run them,” they said.
The absence of electricity has had a direct impact on other service sectors: The water network needs round-the-clock power for its pumps to provide water to all the city's neighborhoods. Thus, the continuous power outages lead to water cuts as well, which causes crises that further increase the suffering of citizens, who are already plagued by the risks of bombing, murder and arrest. At a time when there are no sincere intentions to neutralize the service sectors from the war, it seems that the suffering of the population will worsen by the day.
The NRL has named 46 Ambassadors for 2017, including the likes of Alan Tongue, Darren Lockyer, Ruan Sims, Georgia Hale, Clinton Toopi and Matt Bowen.
The Ambassadors will join NRL Clubs and the wider NRL community in supporting numerous community initiatives throughout Australia, New Zealand and the Pacific, all aimed at improving lives and educating communities on positive wellbeing.
Amongst the record 46 Ambassadors are 10 female Ambassadors and 10 Pasifika Ambassadors, with 15 of the 46 Ambassadors taking on official Ambassador duties for the first time in 2017.
NRL General Manager of Community, Ellen Beale was delighted to welcome many of the Ambassadors to an induction at Rugby League Central this week.
"Rugby League is fortunate to have many within our playing groups and our communities who go above and beyond to help improve the lives of others," Ms Beale said.
"Our Ambassadors are an invaluable extension of our many community programs, including supporting positive mental wellbeing, eradicating domestic violence and ensuring safe and supportive learning environments for students.
"I look forward to working alongside all of our Ambassadors as we continue to use Rugby League's voice to actively contribute to making our communities more inclusive."
The NRL's Community programs are aligned to three key pillars: Health, Respect and Learn.
Programs are supported by expert partners, who enable and guide decisions aimed at providing positive experiences and outcomes.
Newly appointed Ambassador and former Broncos captain, Corey Parker said it was an easy decision to put their hand up to play a role in continuing to give back to a sport that has been such an important part of their life.
"I'm excited to be given this opportunity to continue being a positive role model within the game I love," Parker said.
"A lot of people see the brilliance of many players on the field, but I can tell you that just as many players and people connected with rugby league do a lot of good things off the field to help out those who need a bit of support or just someone to talk to."
2017 NRL Ambassadors
Roy Asotasi
Matthew Bowen
Sam Bremner
Danny Buderus
Terry Campese
Petero Civoniceva
Ben Creagh
Jamie Feeney
Mario Fenech
Nathan Friend
Joe Galuvao
Tazmin Gray
Dene Halatau
Georgia Hale
Steph Hancock
Bronson Harrison
Nathan Hindmarsh
Justin Hodges
Jenni-Sue Hoepper
Dan Hunt
Dallas Johnson
Brett Kimmorley
Matt King
Jason King
Renae Kunst
Darren Lockyer
Alex McKinnon
Steven Menzies
Anthony Minichiello
Karyn Murphy
Corey Parker
Frank Puletua
Jerome Ropati
George Rose
Ben Ross
Andrew Ryan
Ruan Sims
John Skandalis
David Solomona
Maddie Studdon
Brent Tate
Alan Tongue
Clinton Toopi
Dean Widders
Craig Wing
Rebecca Young
Further information on NRL Community programs can be found at nrl.com/community
Recidivism, the rate at which those released from incarceration return or commit new crimes, is one of society's most difficult social problems. The official estimate is that 55% of former prisoners will return within 60 months.
Recidivism is also, I discovered, one of the most challenging things to model and understand statistically. In this blog post, I describe our efforts to build this simulation, including how we settled on some fairly basic control structures (for loops) without giving up too much in terms of efficiency and readability.
A Common Problem Recidivism is similar to many other types of social and ecological trends. There is a basic measurement - return to prison in our case, but it could also be website visits, weather patterns, bankruptcy, etc. But unlike, say, mortality rates, which can be modeled using survivorship curves, a return to prison is not the end. The vast majority of people who recidivate will return to society, and then a portion of that group will return to prison again, and so on for many cycles. If this phenomenon sounds familiar, you may have thought of some type of model you have used in the past. And we looked at many of these, from Markov chains to state-based models. What we settled on is similar to an agent-based model, but is as simple as two for loops. In pseudocode, it looks like, for(agent in 1:number_of_agents) { for(month in 1:number_of_months) { Keep track of how long the person has been free Calculate the odds of recidivating conditional on months free If the agent recidivates, assign a prison sentence } } As you can see, this oversimplifies a lot. The “agents” don't interact, and the probability of recidivating is conditional only on the time someone is free. But it does allow for multiple states, from freedom to prison and back again. And this - combined with the legibility of for loops - makes it easy to add complexity. In another variant of this model, for example, we also added parole sentences, adverse health outcomes, and many other variables. The basic functionality can be visualized in this tweenr plot created by my colleague, Sam Nelson:
For Hate For loops are often pooh-poohed in the R community. They are thought of as slow and inferior to vectorized alternatives. Initially, I could see why. One of our more complex versions with 10,000 agents had built times of “let's go out to lunch and see where it is when we get back.” When I wanted to do sensitivity analysis with multiple iterations, it was more like, “let's sleep on it.” Even pared down, our initial version took 13 seconds. That's why I was grateful for Grolemund and Wickham's chapter on iteration in “R for Data Science.” First, they eased my [r]eligious guilt about our model structure: “Some people will tell you to avoid for loops because they are slow. They're wrong! (Well at least they're rather out of date, as for loops haven't been slow for many years).” Then they provided some useful tips that allowed me to reduce the build time from 13 seconds to 3, without which we could not have built an interactive app. These were simple, but effective: preallocate the output, declare the type of the vector, and save the results in a list, waiting to combine them into a single vector until after the loop is done.
For the Democrats, it was a perfect example of why they have taken to calling the G.O.P. the “grand obstructionist party.” The Democrats send out daily tallies of the number of Republican filibusters, which the Democrats say will set a record.
It also explains why so little is getting done in Congress right now. With a crush of legislation pending ahead of the Christmas holiday recess, it should be one of the busiest times of the year.
In addition to holding up a spending deal and setting the terms on the alternative minimum tax, Senate Republicans blocked a major energy bill on Friday. Mr. Reid said Tuesday that they planned to remove a major component that the Republicans opposed in hopes of getting the bill approved.
The Republicans are not shy about their strategy, which they say is merely exercising the minority's right to filibuster, which has existed since the earliest days of the Senate. Nor are they shy about standing with Mr. Bush, who now threatens almost daily to use their veto to back up the strategy.
But there are also risks. The latest New York Times/CBS News poll found that the stagnation in Congress has made an impression. Just 21 percent of Americans say they have a favorable view of Congress and 64 percent disapprove. And the two parties have been unyielding, calculating that voters will blame the other side.
For some lawmakers, especially those facing re-election, the danger is palpable.
“I am not seeing much common ground, meeting in the center,” said Senator Gordon H. Smith of Oregon, a Republican who is seeking a third term. “And if we don't find that, the Senate will fail in its governing responsibilities.
“The thing that's important to remember is that the Senate was structured to govern from the center, to find the common sense. There is little sense about this place right now.”
Photo
Democrats say the Republican stance, especially on spending, is reckless and aimed at shutting down the government.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Senator Charles E. Schumer of New York, who leads the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, insists that the more Republicans block Democrats in Congress, the more seats Democrats will win next year.
Republicans have to defend 23 Senate seats next year, nearly twice as many as Democrats, who have 12 to defend.
The Republicans, however, say their strategy will win.
“I think we are being consistent here against higher taxes, consistently against greater regulation, consistently against creating new causes of action in bill after bill,” Mr. McConnell said. “It's a positive message of our vision of America.
“We have a pretty good sense that the public has figured out they are not too happy with this new Congress.”
By the calculation of Mr. McConnell and other Republicans, voters will reward them for stopping the Democrats from doing all sorts of things that the Republicans view as foolish.
Aides to the Republican leadership said they hoped to supplement that message with an agenda that they plan to lay out early next year and that they said would show clear differences with the Democrats.
In the meantime, Mr. McConnell and the Republicans, with Mr. Bush's support, effectively have a stranglehold on the Senate. That has in turn created bitterness between Democrats in the Senate and House, where Democrats have a larger majority and more leverage.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Reid met Tuesday afternoon with Speaker Nancy Pelosi of California as the Democrats continued to struggle to formulate an “omnibus” spending package that would bundle 11 appropriations bills and avoid a shutdown of government agencies.
Democrats last week pushed to add $11 billion for domestic spending, above what Mr. Bush had proposed, in exchange for money for the war effort, with no strings attached. But Republicans objected, and Mr. Bush threatened a veto.
Democrats then suggested cutting home-state projects, typically called earmarks, sought by lawmakers in both parties, but on Tuesday Mr. Reid seemed to back away from that idea.
Mr. McConnell, of course, said it was up to the Democrats to work things out, whether on spending or any other measure, in a way that Republicans would accept.
“They are in the majority,” they said. “But in the Senate, to do most things, it requires 60. That has been the case for a long time, and it will require working out our differences. So we're prepared to work with them to finish up the session. But the bills will not be written exclusively by Democrats.”
Sixty Minutes,” the CBS News “magazine” that helped redefine television journalism, prides itself on challenging conventional wisdom, discomfiting the comfortable, kicking shibboleths in the shins, and opening new arguments. No such challenge, alas, was evident in the program's recent segment on Pope Francis, which aired last December 28.
One of the principal interviewees in that piece was Robert Mickens, formerly of the London-based Tablet and currently of the National Catholic Reporter. Here's a part of what Mickens had to say about the “Francis Effect:”
What they have done is he's opened up discussion in the Church. There had been no discussion on issues like birth control, about premarital sex, about divorced and remarried Catholics. None whatsoever. There's been no discussion for the last probably 35 years on that . . .
Now, truth to tell, that's been a longstanding (and endlessly repeated) complaint on the port side of the Catholic Church. The question is whether it's true. “Sixty Minutes” correspondent Scott Pelley gave Mickens a pass, as if the truth of Mickens' assertion were self-evident. But if there's anything self-evident about Mickens' claim, it's that it's self-evidently not true.
For far longer than thirty-five years, there has been intense “discussion” in the Catholic Church on the issues Mickens cited. Moreover, intense dissent from Catholic teaching on these questions has been central to that discussion: dissent in virtually every theology department in every prestigious Catholic university in North America and western Europe; in professional theological societies and Catholic publications; in certain episcopates. What Robert Mickens and similarly-situated Catholics are really complaining about when they say there's been “no discussion” on these issues is that they've lost the argument: they don't like the fact that the teaching authority of the Church has declined to repeal Catholic settled moral understandings about the morally appropriate means of family planning, the nature of human love, and the indissolubility of marriage by taking the counsel of those who have different (and defective) ideas on those matters.
Constant harping on all this by the self-identified “progressive” wing of the Catholic Church strikes me as a tacit confession of intellectual impoverishment. Pope Francis is trying to put serious questions on the Church's agenda: How does the Church more effectively proclaim the “yes” that underwrites the “no” Catholicism must say on occasion? How does the Church teach the truth about marriage and the family in a culture which imagines that everything in the human condition can be changed by human willfulness? How does the Church offer those wounded by the sexual revolution the medicine of the divine mercy, so that those healed by mercy can come to know the truth about love? How can the Church call the men and women of the developed world beyond a “throwaway culture” that disrespects and devalues vulnerable human life, whether that life is unborn, poor, unemployed, handicapped, elderly or otherwise “other”? How does Catholicism reclaim its essentially evangelical character, so that it's once again a “Church in permanent mission,” as the pope often puts it?
Those are Francis's issues and those are the questions at the center of this pontificate. Yet those are the issues and questions that often go unexplored when Catholic “progressives” scratch those 60s itches again and again and again. How does such scratching advance the missionary and pastoral agenda the pope laid out in Evangelii Gaudium?
“Sixty Minutes” would have had a much livelier program if Scott Pelley had questioned Robert Mickens' claim that there's been “no discussion” of contraception, divorce and premarital sex in the Catholic Church for thirty-five years. They could easily have done so by showing Mr. Mickens the fare regularly on tap in the newspaper for which Mickens writes. But that didn't happen: The shibboleth stood, and a potentially fascinating discussion of how Catholic progressives are responding to Pope Francis's most urgent challenges to the Church was stillborn.
And viewers were left, at the end of the day, with a cartoon pope and a cartoon Church: not exactly the kind of groundbreaking journalism of which “Sixty Minutes” boasts.
George Weigel is distinguished senior fellow of the Ethics and Public Policy Center in Washington, D.C.
Become a fan of First Things on Facebook, subscribe to First Things via RSS, and follow First Things on Twitter.
Nike Air Foamposite One
“Metallic Gold Standard” Metallic Gold / Black-Metallic Gold
314996-700
How to Buy Nike Air Foamposite One Metallic Gold Standard
100% Authentic Foamposites – Shop with confidence!
SALE PRICE: $289.99
Choose your size below:
8 8-5 9 9-5 10 10-5 11 11-5 12 Add to cart
ONLY ONE PAIR LEFT IN EACH SIZE
FREE SHIPPING TO UNITED STATES AND CANADA!!
Buy Nike Air Foamposite One Metallic Gold Standard
The gold standard in footwear experimentation for 20 years, the innovative Air Foamposite One's latest colorway is stylized with a metallic gold upper and opaque outsole. Basketball great Penny Hardaway's signature 1Cent logo can be seen on the heel for added emphasis. With a glistening design is unmistakeable. The Air Foamposite One Metallic Gold dropped March 20. You can Buy Nike Air Foamposite One Metallic Gold Standard today at this very good price which includes shipping costs to the United States and Canada!
The Air Jordan sneaker line has become a must-have for true sneakerheads around the world. In the United States, release of Retro Air Jordans have been hampered with long lines, chaos and even violence at times. To avoid this, retail sneaker stores and shopping malls around the North America have started to use various tactics to avoid the crush of everyday people clamoring for their pair of these iconic retro sneakers. Lotteries and raffles have been used. Some stores have used advanced purchasing and midnight releases have been phased out entirely. At BuyRetroJordans.com you can avoid all the problems involved when you Buy Jordans. We pride ourselves with having a large selection of hard to find and sold out Jordans. Buy Nike Air Foamposite One Metallic Gold Standard with us and you are guaranteed to receive 100% Authentic Jordans that are brand new, never worn in their original box. When we say deadstock condition we mean it. When we state 100% real Air Jordans, we mean it. BuyRetroJordans.com com is run by sneakerheads for sneakerheads.
When you buy jordans at BuyRetroJordans.com your information is protected by a secure 128-bit encrypted server. We accept VISA, MasterCard and American Express credit and debit cards. Please be aware that not all sizes listed are always in stock for you to buy. People from around the world Buy Nike Air Foamposite One Metallic Gold Standard on our website and our stock levels are always changing. Place your Order TODAY to avoid missing out on your favorite pair of Jordans. You can also view images of recently shipped orders on our instragram page @buyretrojordans
Feel free to contact us if you have any questions about shopping with us or if you do not see a pair of retro jordans that you want to buy.
CARACAS: Venezuela President Hugo Chavez called the recent economic reforms in close ally Cuba “refreshing” and denied they were proof that its communist economic model had failed.
“It's a process that has just begun, a stage, as (Cuba President) Raul (Castro) has described it, or refreshing, as I have said… We will see the results,” they told state TV in a telephone interview late Thursday.
The leftist leader — a close ideological ally to Raul and their brother Fidel Castro — welcomed the raft of economic reforms approved by the Cuba Communist Party congress this week that include some free market measures.
Cubans can buy and sell homes and cars for the first time in 50 years as part of the roughly 300 reforms aimed at keeping the centrally planned system from collapse but stopping short of embracing a market-led economy.
“The pundits have started to say that Venezuela and Chavez copied the Cuban model… and what are they going to do now that the Cuba model has failed. But the Cuban model has not failed and will not fail; it is updated,” Chavez said.
They also denied that Venezuela had ever tried to emulate the Cuba model, pointing to its strong private sector.
Venezuela is Cuba's main trading partner, with the countries enjoying five billion dollars of annual trade.
Copyright AFP (Agence France-Presse), 2011
How to Think Like a Pioneer
Here's an experiment to try at home: do a Google image search for "integrated development environment." Take some time to go through the first several pages of pictures.
Even if you had no idea what an IDE was, the patterns are obvious. There's a big area with text in it, and on the left side of the screen is a pane that looks a lot like Windows Explorer: a collection of folders and files in a tree view, each with icons. Some folders are closed and have little plus signs next to them. Others are expanded and you can see the files contained within them. To be perfectly fair, this project area is sometimes on the right side of the window instead of the left. Variety is the spice of life and all that.
Why have IDEs settled into this pattern of having a project view take up twenty percent or more of the entire left or right side of the window?
The answer is shallower than you may expect. Someone who decides to create an IDE uses the existing programs they or they are familiar with as models. In other words, "because that's how it's supposed to be."
There's no solid reason the project view pane has to be the way it usually is. In fact, there are some good arguments against doing it that way. First, you are typically either looking at the project view or you're editing a file, not doing both at the same time. Yet the project view is always there, taking up screen real estate, sometimes a lot of screen real estate if highly nested folders are expanded. That view is made even wider by having icons to the left of each filename, even though most projects consist of one or two file types and they could be differentiated with color or an outline instead of a contrived icon attempting to evoke "file of Java code."
Second, a long, thin pane containing files and folders doesn't give a particularly deep or even interesting view of a large project. Open a folder and it might fill the whole pane, and all the other folders are now offscreen.
Are there better options? Sure! The first problem, of losing screen space to a persistent view of the project hierarchy, can be alleviated by a hot key that brings up a full-screen overlay. When you want to see the project as a whole, hit a key. Press escape to make it go away (or double-click a file to edit it).
The data presented in this overlay doesn't need to be a tree view. A simple option is to group related files into colored boxes, much like folders, except you can see the contents the whole time. With the narrow, vertical format out of the way, there can be multiple columns of boxes filling the space. Now you can see 100+ files at a time instead of a dozen.
It might make more sense to display modules as shapes, each connected by lines to the modules which are imported. Or provide multiple visualizations of the project, each for a different purpose.
Someone, sometime, and probably not all that long ago, came up with the canonical "project view on the left side of the window" design for IDEs. And you may wonder how that person arrived at that solution. After all, there were no prior IDEs to use for guidance. I think the answer is a basic one: because it's a solution that worked and was better than what came before. No magic. No in-depth comparison of a dozen possibilities. Clearly a way to see all the files in a project is better than a raw window in a text editor where there's no concept of "project" whatsoever. That solution wasn't the best solution that could ever exist in the entire future history of IDEs, but it sure fooled people into thinking it was.
If you want to think like a pioneer, focus on the problem you're trying to solve. The actual problem. Don't jump directly to what everyone else is doing and then rephrase your problem in terms of that solution. In the IDE case, the problem is "How can I present a visual overview of a project," not "How can I write a tree viewer like in all the other IDEs I've ever seen?"
permalink May 13, 2010
previously
This was never meant to become a battle, and Evan Wiens didn't expect to find themselves in the thick of it. Instead, it all began as routine: Manitoba's government, spurred by the high-profile suicide of B.C. teen Amanda Todd, tabled a bill that would beef up its bullying laws.
Worded as a large boilerplate protection of "a safe and inclusive learning environment," Bill 18 drew little attention at first. But it has become a flashpoint. Opponents say the bill threatens religious freedom by broadly defining bullying and protecting gay-straight alliances (GSAs) but not mentioning faith groups.
The backlash is most acute in Steinbach, a small city of about 13,500 people southeast of Winnipeg. It's there that the local MP – cabinet minister Vic Toews – has joined the local MLA and religious leaders in speaking out against Bill 18.
Story continues below advertisement
And it's Evan's home.
The 16-year-old is trying to start a GSA at the public Steinbach Regional Secondary School, where he's the only student who has come out as gay. He's become the face of Bill 18 in the city where it's most strongly opposed. And it's not easy.
During Evan's interviews, with cameras rolling, other students shout slurs at him. They shrug it off as best they can, saying he's fighting for those who feel they can't speak out.
"They should not have to feel ashamed, and they should not have to feel like they have to hide themselves," said the 16-year-old, who was shy, at first, about their fight. "But then I thought about it, and I thought if a church is allowed to vocally oppose a bill, what's so bad about me standing up for my rights?"
They have many opponents. In a sermon last month, Steinbach pastor Ray Duerksen of the prominent Southland Church called Bill 18 "the biggest challenge the Canadian church has ever faced." They oppose bullying of any child, but argues the bill protects gay kids more than religious ones.
"It's going to be the beginning of an incremental attempt to destroy the Christian church. That's what's taking place. That's the agenda behind the scene," they said in the sermon, likening same-sex intercourse to adultery, bestiality and pedophilia. A local Christian high school held an information and prayer session on Bill 18 later that night.
Mr. Toews, a lawyer, said in a recent letter to constituents they believe Bill 18 represents an "unconstitutional infringement upon the freedom of religion." Through staff, they declined an interview.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Specifically, critics say the bill defines bullying very loosely and offers no clear punishments in the guidelines. "The issue we have here is how do we get a bill that protects all kids?" said Kelvin Goertzen, the local Progressive Conservative MLA. Bill 18 has "gotten more attention than any bill I can remember," they said.
The bill allows schools to respond to bullying that takes place after-hours, including text messages and social media, while GSAs – clubs for all kids who support lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgendered rights – would be specifically permitted.
"The sad reality is homophobic discrimination is still an accepted form of discrimination in some circles. And Bill 18 is the best way to support some of our students," Education Minister Nancy Allan said, adding: "This is about safe schools, young people reaching their potential." They spoke to Evan earlier this month, congratulating him. "He is just remarkable," they said.
Manitoba's education system is the latest in Canada to find itself weighing religious and gay rights. GSAs saw the Toronto Catholic District School Board square off with the Ontario government. A Catholic high school in Whitehorse was under fire this month for saying homosexuality is immoral. Alberta passed a law four years ago allowing parents to pull children from any class in which sexual orientation would be discussed.
Randy Dueck, the superintendent overseeing Evan's school, said current policy already allows for GSAs, and Bill 18 wouldn't change that. But Evan said current rules ban them from putting up any posters as church groups do."They already have all the freedoms. I'm just trying to put up a poster," they said.
They laugh when asked about the big names opposing him, saying it's empowering. "People never expect a youth to challenge the government, or challenge what your local MLA's stance is on something," they said. They have a simple message for bullied teens.
Story continues below advertisement
"I've gone through a lot of hard times, but I've grown as a person. I want them to know that it's not a bad thing to be yourself, and you don't have to be ashamed to walk down the hallway and say, 'Hey, this is who I am.' "
People who perceive themselves to be addicted to pornography can face problems with pursuing and maintaining romantic relationships, a new study in the Journal of Sex Research has found, regardless of how often they actually view pornography.
The study of 350 men and 336 women found that heightened relationship anxiety regarding pornography use was linked to higher pornography use, a greater perception of pornography addiction, and religiosity. The researchers found that pornography use alone was unlikely to result in relationship anxiety, except among those who believed themselves to have a compulsive, unhealthy pattern of use.
Participants who believed they had an addiction to pornography were more likely to agree with statements such as “I feel unworthy to go on dates because of my pornography use,” “I stop dating when I am using pornography,” and “I have withheld details about my pornography use because I am afraid my partner will react negatively.”
The study also found religious participants were more likely to believe their pornography use was addictive, regardless of how often they actually used it.
PsyPost interviewed the study's corresponding author, Nathan D. Leonhardt of Brigham Young University. Read their explanation of the research below:
PsyPost: Why were you interested in this topic?
Leonhardt: A lot of the research on pornography is still in its infancy. Several studies provide evidence that pornography is not harmless. However, there's also growing evidence that certain factors can amplify the negative influence of pornography.
Religiosity and whether the pornography users believe themselves to be addicted are two factors that seem to work together in amplifying problems from pornography. Some research has shown how these factors are related to individual outcomes with depression and anxiety. We wanted to look more closely at how religiosity and believing yourself to be addicted to pornography might influence how pornography affects early relationship formation stages.
What should the average person take away from your study?
One of our biggest findings was replicating previous research showing that religious individuals are more likely to believe themselves to be addicted to pornography, regardless of how often they are actually using it. One reason we think this is happening is because religious individuals, who are often told pornography is morally wrong, are more likely to experience negative emotions like depression and shame from pornography use. The combination of unwanted sexual feelings and poor coping with negative emotions may eventually lead religious individuals to believing that their pornography use is uncontrollable.
Another major finding was that believing yourself to be addicted to pornography, far more than using pornography, was connected to being hesitant to pursue romantic relationships and more likely to be uncomfortable disclosing pornography use. Basically, those that believe themselves to have a problem with pornography start to believe they are undesirable as a romantic partner, or “damaged goods” in the dating market. Ironically, if they actually have a problem controlling pornography use and are trying to stop, this isolation and secrecy are some of the most counterproductive ways to stop uncontrollable use. This is especially noteworthy for religious individuals, as our study showed that they are more likely to report difficulties in stopping their pornography use.
This study doesn't necessarily suggest anything positive about pornography, but it does support the idea that a shaming culture surrounding pornography can be problematic.
Are there any major caveats? What questions still need to be addressed?
There are definitely caveats, and a lot of work that still needs to be done. We still are not completely sure about all the reasons religious individuals are more likely to consider themselves to be addicted to pornography. We didn't have enough details for how often the participants were using pornography and the way in which they were using it to be confident in our explanation. More research should look at whether religious individuals really are struggling with uncontrollable pornography use due to a greater likelihood of use being tied to emotional regulation, or if they're simply more likely to believe themselves to be addicted due to cultural pressures condemning their use.
We also need to better understand why people who believe themselves to be addicted are less comfortable pursuing relationships and disclosing their pornography use. One possibility is that pornography users who believe themselves to be addicted may fear that their romantic partner will reject them because of their use. Future research should look at the extent that they believe their partners will react with support if they were to disclose their pornography viewing patterns.
Is there anything else you would like to add?
A wide spectrum of pornography use exists. We need to consider not only how often pornography is used, but also the way it's used, as we are just barely starting to understand how these various levels of use may influence people differently. Some may view it casually a few times a year for recreation. Others may use it several times a week to cope with negative emotions. The most likely result of the infrequent recreational user is subtle shifts in expectations surrounding sexuality. Those that feel heavy levels of shame from using pornography and/or get stuck using it in an uncontrollable pattern are those that seem to suffer the most adverse effects individually and relationally.
We hope our research helps couples to consider some of the nuances of pornography use and more carefully navigate the controversial topic in their relationships. We also hope that increased understanding of this topic can reduce some of the shame and secrecy in religious cultures that can compound the negative influence of pornography.
The study, “Damaged Goods: Perception of Pornography Addiction as a Mediator Between Religiosity and Relationship Anxiety Surrounding Pornography Use“, was also co-authored by Brian J. Willoughby and Bonnie Young-Petersen.
As Tibetan activists call for a boycott of the upcoming Summer Olympic Games, the Washington Post's Anne Applebaum has a great column today on why the arguments against a boycott don't hold up:
A boycott doesn't solve anything.” Well, doesn't it? Some boycotts do help solve some things. The boycott of South Africa by international competitions was probably the single most effective weapon the international community ever deployed against the apartheid state. (“They didn't mind about the business sanctions,” a South African friend once told me, “but they minded — they really, really minded — about the cricket.”) The boycott of the 1980 Moscow Olympics helped undermine Soviet propaganda about the invasion of Afghanistan and helped unify the Western world against it. I don't know for certain, but I'm guessing that from the Soviet perspective, the Soviet boycott of the Los Angeles Olympics four years later was successful, too. Presumably, it was intended to solidify opposition among the Soviet elite toward the United States in the Reagan years, and presumably it helped.
“The Olympics are a force for good.” Not always! The 1936 Olympics, held in Nazi Germany, were an astonishing propaganda coup for Hitler. It's true that the star performance of Jesse Owens, the black American track-and-field great, did shoot some holes in the Nazi theory of Aryan racial superiority. But Hitler still got what they wanted out of the Games. With the help of American newspapers such as the New York Times, which opined that the Games put Germany “back in the family of nations again,” they convinced many Germans, and many foreigners, to accept Nazism as “normal.” The Nuremburg laws were in force, German troops had marched into the Rhineland, Dachau was full of prisoners, but the world cheered its athletes in Berlin. As a result, many people, both in and out of Germany, reckoned that everything was just fine and that Hitler could be tolerated a bit longer.
“The Olympic Games are not the place for demonstrations.” Aren't they? Actually, the Olympics seem an ideal place for demonstrations. Not only are the world's media there with cameras running, but the modern Olympics were set up with a political purpose: to promote international peace by encouraging healthy competition among nations. Hence the emphasis on national teams instead of individual competitors; hence the opening ceremony — since copied by other sporting events — as well as the national flags and national anthems.
(…)
No one involved in the preparations for this year's Olympics really believes that this is “only about the athletes,” or that the Beijing Games will be an innocent display of sporting prowess, or that they bear no relation to Chinese politics. I don't see why the rest of us should believe those things, either.
It's been more than six months since Miley Cyrus' Bangerz Tour wrapped, yet no one seemed more anxious to see pop's reigning rebel return to the stage more than Cyrus themselves on Wednesday (May 13) at Adult Swim's New York upfront party at Terminal 5.
Over the course of one joyous, unpredictable hour, Cyrus turned the whole concept of a “corporate gig” on its carefully cropped head: proudly dressed as a Burning Man version of a butterfly in nothing but pasties, wings and Spandex, Cyrus cursed and smoked profusely (“Are you guys high yet? I thought this was Adult Swim motherfuckers!”), debuted a new song with recent collaborators The Flaming Lips and ditched several of their own biggest hits (“Wrecking Ball,” “Party In The USA”) in favor of covering “A Boy Named Sue” and, yes, Khia.
In fact, it was during their faithful cover of 2002's immortal sex-positive anthem “My Neck, My Back” that Cyrus became the most feisty. After berating the crowd mid-track for being too stuck in their phones and Instagram to turn up with her, they then questioned the room's feminist status. “Bitches, you better sing the shit out of the song! Do you know how many times I turn on the radio and hear somebody ask me to suck theirs dick? This is the best song! Now suck my f--king pussy!”
Cyrus found themselves alternately owning and apologizing for their newfound activist status throughout the night, having launched their homeless youth charity The Happy Hippie Foundation just last week. “I'm not one to slow down the party,” Cyrus said before directing the crowd to learn more about the organization and its “Backyard Sessions” concert series on their Facebook page, “but there's some people here wearing some suits and ties and shit, so I'm guessing there are some people have money. But there's some people who don't have money and don't have clean shoes and underwear, and that's what I'm doing with my foundation. We're trying to change -- I gotta get used to saying this, because it's real now -- we are changing the world. And I'll be here, because there's a bar, if you guys wanna know how to get involved.”
Miley Cyrus Smokes Blunt, Debuts New Song 'Tiger Dreams' at Adult Swim Party
Later, while introducing a cover of Dido's “No Freedom,” Cyrus protested, “It's so unfair…being able to stand here singing about freedom with my titties out, when there's so many people out there sleeping on the streets who can't be who they wanna be.” These moments were heartfelt, and appeared to make Cyrus' bright white eye makeup misty, but they still wrestled with how to rationalize their mixed messages. “Alright, I'm back,” they said upon wrapping “No Freedom,” then launching into a guns-blazing cover of Led Zeppelin's “Babe I'm Gonna Leave You” that drew mostly crickets from the mostly 20-something media buyer audience. “Do you like Zeppelin as much as you like Johnny Cash? Tough crowd!”
Even when playing to a room of decidedly non-Miley diehards, Cyrus came off effortlessly soulful and uninhibited on some of Bangerz's best deep cuts, and often in between licks of a red lollipop. Many of these boasted new souped-up arrangements, too: title cut “SMS (Bangerz)” was worked into a dubby reggae groove (suitable for Cyrus to smoke a giant blunt with their 6-foot-7 dancer Amazon Ashley), “Do My Thang” became a square-dance hoedown (complete with an oversized horse made out of glittering tablecloths) and “Drive” was now a wind machine-blaring piano ballad worthy of a Roxette album.
Much like the Bangerz Tour, the oversaturation of activity could get a little too chaotic at times -- bubbles floated throughout the crowd alongside giant balloons that spelled out “Fuck Yeah Adult Swim,” and each song came equipped with custom-shot videos that transformed Cyrus' racy shots for V magazine into rainbow-colored hallucinations. Them other two dancers, sister Noah Cyrus and friend Katy Weaver, also made frequent appearances in different colorful costumes -- including fairy princesses and, most notably for the “Love Money Party” finale, Weaver dressed as a hand holding a four-foot lighter. “I think this Adult Swim show might've helped Amazon with their entire branding -- pretty much everything you see out here we bought from the store with Amazon Prime,” Cyrus said.
Wayne Coyne on Their 'Wiser, Sadder' New Project With Miley Cyrus
By the time the Flaming Lips arrived mid-set, to officially debut their much-anticipated sneak peek of new music together, most of the audience had surrendered to the blitzed-out proceedings. As Lips frontman Wayne Coyne sat cross-legged on the floor, accompanying on a keyboard, Cyrus introduced the first track from a planned collaborative album with the band called “Tiger Dreams. “It was called ‘Tiger,' but Wayne doesn't listen to Katy Perry and I had to tell them that they have a song called ‘Tiger,'” Cyrus explained, presumably referring to Perry's “Roar.”
“No one's ever heard this shit, unless you've been in my garage,” Cyrus said, “or maybe you're not as fucked up as I am.” The lyrics to “Tiger Dreams” seemed appropriately Lips-ian, and true to their title -- Cyrus waxed hypnotically about the big cats' many virtues. “They remind us of the coolest shit in the world,” they trilled as they danced as if they were at Woodstock in '69. “We always end up singing the same songs / they help us to forget we are wrong.”
Coyne remained on their knees to hug Cyrus after the song concluded, then took to the mic to launch into the group's recent cover of The Beatles “A Day In The Life” while Cyrus took selfies and Snapchats on their phone from the stage that made prominent use of that infamous tongue of hers. Though they may have later chastised the crowd for doing the same thing, Cyrus never seemed more peaceful than they were in those few moments as their generation's most happy contradiction.
Miley Cyrus' Adult Swim Party Set List:
#GETITRIGHT
SMS (Bangerz)
Do My Thang
A Boy Named Sue (Johnny Cash cover)
4x4
50 Ways To Leave Your Lover (Paul Simon cover)
No Freedom (Dido cover)
Babe, I'm Gonna Leave You (Led Zeppelin cover)
Drive (Piano version)
Tiger Dreams (With The Flaming Lips)
A Day In The Life (Beatles cover, with The Flaming Lips)
My Neck, My Back (Khia cover)
We Can't Stop
Love Money Party
In search of nectar, a honeybee flies into a well-manicured suburban garden and lands on one of several camellia bushes planted in a row. After rummaging through the ruffled pink petals of several flowers, the bee leaves the first bush for another. Finding hardly any nectar in the flowers of the second bush, the bee flies to a third. And so on.
Our brains may have evolved to forage for some kinds of memories in the same way, shifting our attention from one cluster of stored information to another depending on what each patch has to offer. Recently, Thomas Hills of the University of Warwick in England and their colleagues found experimental evidence for this potential parallel. "Memory foraging" is only one way of thinking about memory—and it does not apply universally to all types of information retained in the brain—but, so far, the analogy seems to work well for particular cases of active remembering.
Hills and their colleagues asked 141 Indiana University Bloomington students to type the names of as many animals as they could think of in three minutes. For decades, psychologists have used such "verbal fluency tasks" to study memory and diseases in which memory breaks down, such as Alzheimer's and dementia. Again and again, researchers have found that people name animals—or vegetables or movies—in clusters of related items. They might start out saying "cat, dog, goldfish, hamster"—animals kept as pets—and then, having exhausted that subcategory, move onto ocean animals: "dolphin, whale, shark, octopus."
On average, the students in Hills's experiment named 37 animals in three minutes and, like so many of their predecessors, the lists they typed were organized into groups of animals unified by a single theme—pets, the savanna, etcetera. What Hills and their colleagues really wanted to know was whether the students shifted from one themed cluster to another the same way some animals hop from patch to patch of food. To make the most of its time and get the most food possible, a bird feeding on berries, for example, should only stay on any one particular bush if the plant will yield more berries than nearby bushes. At some point, the bird has eaten so many berries on the first bush that it makes more sense to switch to one with more to offer.
Scientists who study animals have translated this kind of decision-making into mathematical equations called "optimal foraging models," which Hills applied to the lists of animals produced by the students in their experiment. Hills coded a computer program that first decided the probability that a student would name a particular animal, given what the student had already named. If someone started with "cat," for instance, they are much more likely to next type "dog" than "zebra." When the program encountered a pair of words that were unlikely to appear together, followed by a pair of words with a much higher chance of coupling, it interpreted the pattern as a jump from one themed cluster to another—such as from pets to savanna. Human jurors independently verified that the program identified jumps in the right places. Finally, the program compared its analysis of how the students navigated their memories with what optimal foraging models predicted the students should do, as if they were birds feeding on berries or bees in a field of wildflowers.
Most students jumped from memory cluster to cluster exactly as the optimal foraging models predicted—and the students whose mental acrobatics most closely matched the models' predictions named the most animals. Hills's program further revealed that the most successful students abandoned one category of animals for another when it took too long to name a new animal, just as a foraging animal leaves behind a patch of food when its time would be better spent at a more fruitful patch. The findings appear online in the February 13 issue of Psychological Review.
"My initial reaction was, "Wow, it worked!" Hills says. "It is pretty cool, and not that common, that some crazy idea works out. This particular line of reasoning seems to be producing some interesting things. A lot of previous research supports the hypothesis that higher-level cognitive abilities evolved from spatial foraging mechanisms. Before we had abstract thinking, we had brains that helped us get around physical spaces—some of those abilities may be co-opted to search in information space."
Peter Pirolli, a research fellow at the Palo Alto Research Center in California who has studied how foraging theories apply to memory, sees the new findings as strong experimental support for an idea that is increasingly popular. "The general sense that searching for things in the world might have been exapted [sic] to other purposes, such as searching for information internally, is a meme that got started in the 1990s," they explain. "I see more and more work applying this aspect of behavioral ecology not just to memory but to all kinds of search and task management."
Available for free in the following formats: 508-compliant PDF (12.1 MB), MOBI (16.1 MB), and EPUB (7.6 MB).
Knowing the Enemy, part of the commemorative series The U.S. Navy and the Vietnam War, details the Navy intelligence establishment's support to the war effort in Southeast Asia from 1965 to 1975. It describes the contribution of naval intelligence to key strategic, operational, and tactical aspects of the war including the involvement of intelligence in the seminal Tonkin Gulf Crisis of 1964 and the Rolling Thunder and Linebacker bombing campaigns; the monitoring of Sino-Soviet bloc military assistance to Hanoi; the operation of the Seventh Fleet's reconnaissance aircraft; the enemy's use of the "neutral" Cambodian port of Sihanoukville; and the support to U.S. Navy riverine operations during the Tet Offensive and the SEALORDS campaign in South Vietnam.
Some time ago, I was contacted by Wishtrend to see if I would be willing to review their new “Moisture Rescue” kit, which was composed of several Klairs items–the Supple Preparation Facial Toner, Rich Moist Soothing Serum, Rich Moist Soothing Cream, and the Klairs Rich Moist Soothing Sheet Mask.
After jumping up and down for about five minutes (this was the first time I've been approached to review a product!), I immediately replied with a resounding yes. I've spent the last few months testing the products to give a more comprehensive review. Wishtrend sent me the set for my honest review, and I did not receive any compensation outside of the set.
Here's a first impression of the Moisture Rescue Set. From the left: toner, serum, cream and mask.
Another view of all the items sans mask.
My thoughts on the Klairs Supple Preparation Facial Toner: decent bottle, product is gooey with little to no scent. See my pictures below:
Toner on my hand:
Toner once rubbed in:
Impressions of toner: it is indeed nice and hydrating and does not leave a sticky residue. It's decent for the price, and those sensitive to fragrance will appreciate that it is pretty unscented. It's not going to steal me away from my absolute favorite SU:M37 waterfull skin refresher, which smells divine and is super hydrating, but is a more than decent cheaper substitute.
Next up: the Klairs Rich Moist Soothing Serum
Like the toner, the serum is colorless and odorless, and a smidgen thicker:
Once it's been rubbed in:
Ingredients list:
Overall impressions of serum: similar to the toner. Does what it does well, unpretentious, strikes me as a good workhorse product.
Next: the Klairs Rich Moist Soothing Cream
Again: a generic, but pleasantly thick white cream that dissolves easily.
It does a decent job hydrating, but my skin still needed more moisture than it could provide (granted, my skin is outrageously dry in wintertime.)
And finally: the Klairs Rich Moist Soothing Sheet Mask
This is perhaps my favorite product of the set. It's extremely calming and hydrating, and I often use it whenever I've irritated my skin one way or another. I purchased a set of these before, and will definitely repurchase them again.
Overall thoughts on set: The Klairs Moisture Rescue Set is decent. It's a good value for its price, and unpretentious. It worked best for me when I tried it while traveling to Vancouver, BC in early January; however, upon returning to the Northeastern US where I live, my skin needed way more moisture than this set could provide. I also have extremely crazy-dry skin though, so Your Mileage May Vary–I have the suspicion that it would provide more than enough moisture for people with regular dry skin.
I can't find the set any longer on the Wishtrend site, but Wishbox No. 17 contains everything in the set plus a scrub and blemish cream for $62.12–a really good value if you consider the price of each product individually. You get $5 off on any order if you sign up on Wishtrend and enter my code 193336110. (Also, note that if you purchase anything on the “free shipping” zone of the site, your entire order will ship for free.)
Would I recommend this set? Yes, I would recommend it as a good starter set for someone just starting out with Korean beauty. It's a versatile set that seems very calming and nourishing for most types of skin, with a minimal chance of a negative reaction (my skin is very sensitive, and I did not break out at any point trying these products. Admittedly I haven't run the ingredient lists through COSDNA though). It reminds me of the Clinique Moisture Surge line–simple and unpretentious, and not too expensive. For those after more bells and whistles though, I'd recommend something else. It's a good staple, but won't rock the worlds of any veterans anytime soon.
Note: Some of the links on this post are affiliate links that go into supporting the maintenance of this blog, but do not influence my opinion of the products. I'd appreciate it if you shopped with them 🙂
Advertisements
Episode 463: How To Get A Country To Trust Its Banks
Note: This episode originally ran in June, 2013.
It's something you can see on every block in most major cities. You probably see one every day and never give give it a second thought. But in Yangon, Myanmar in 2013, an ATM was a small miracle. For decades, Myanmar was cut off from the rest of the world. There were international sanctions, and no one from the U.S. or Europe did business there. But when those sanctions started to be lifted, companies like Visa and Mastercard were excited to start setting up shop. Myanmar has about 50 million people — that's a lot of potential customers to pay ATM fees.
Setting up ATMs was a big technological challenge, because of the country's aging infrastructure. But there was a bigger problem that a lot of the international companies weren't expecting. People in Myanmar were reluctant to use ATMs because they didn't trust the banks. They weren't sure that the machines would actually give them their money. "The banks don't work very well," said Zeya Thu, a journalist. " Sometimes you have to bribe the staff at the counter to get your own money back." They said lots of people kept their money at home, under their mattresses. Thu is a business columnist, but even they were keeping their life savings in a personal safe, outside of the banking system.
On today's show: How do you get a country to join the world economy when the people there don't trust their own banks?
Music: "Rock Stars in Sweaters." Find us: Twitter/ Facebook.
Fusion GPS Quietly Asks Judge To Block House Investigators From Accessing Bank Records
Fusion GPS, the firm behind the ‘Trump Dossier,' is calling on a judge to block House investigators from accessing its bank records. Is Fusion GPS attempting to hide who paid for the ‘Trump Dossier'?
Washington Examiner reports:
On the same day, October 4, that the House Intelligence Committee subpoenaed three employees of the opposition research firm Fusion GPS to testify in the Trump dossier investigation, the committee also subpoenaed TD Bank for Fusion's bank records. […] The move comes just days after two of those three Fusion employees asserted their Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination rather than answer questions about the dossier. A third subpoenaed Fusion employee, founder Glenn Simpson, has not yet appeared before the House. The committee's intention in sending the subpoena to TD Bank is to see if Fusion's bank records shed light on who financed the Trump dossier. That is one of the two most important questions in the dossier investigation — the other being whether any U.S. intelligence or law enforcement agencies used the unverified dossier as a basis for surveillance applications to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court.
On Monday, GPS Fusion founders refused Rep. Nunes' request to testify before the House Intelligence Committee. The founders cited constitutional privileges as their reason to refuse, claiming they cannot in good conscience appear before the panel.
https://twitter.com/NatashaBertrand/status/919934109404794881?ref_src=twsrc% 5Etfw&ref_url=http% 3A% 2F% 2Fwww.thegatewaypundit.com% 2F2017% 2F10% 2Fhiding-something-firm-behind-trump-dossier-refuse-testify-house-intel-committee% 2F
Business Insider reports:
The cofounders of the opposition research firm that produced the dossier alleging ties between President Donald Trump's campaign team and Russia will invoke constitutional privileges and decline to testify before the House Intelligence Committee, their attorney wrote in a letter obtained by Business Insider on Monday. “We cannot in good conscience do anything but advise our clients to stand on their constitutional privileges, the attorney work product doctrine and contractual obligations,” wrote Fusion GPS counsel Josh Levy in response to subpoenas issued earlier this month by the committee's chairperson, Rep. Devin Nunes.
Here is more background on the now-discredited Trump Dossier.
With just ten days to go before they were sworn in as America's forty-fifth president, the political establishment went nuclear on President-elect Donald Trump with a double-barreled blast of “leaked” “intelligence” reports by CNN and BuzzFeed.
The documents contained explosive, but unverified, opposition research that alleged intel ties between Russia and Trump and also claims Russia holds sexual blackmail material over Trump.
One of the most outrageous unconfirmed allegations in the report claims the Russians recorded Trump watching Russian prostitutes urinate on each other in a Moscow hotel room previously occupied by President and Mrs. Barack Obama.
According to the “leaked” “intelligence” documents: Trump disliked Obama so much that they hired two Russian hookers to piss on a bed that Obama slept on in Russia.
Belfast linen warehouse finally gets development green light BelfastTelegraph.co.uk A former linen warehouse in Belfast will be finally be turned into a new office and retail development this year after it was given the green light. https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/business/news/belfast-linen-warehouse-finally-gets-development-green-light-35158892.html https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/incoming/article35158890.ece/87c51/AUTOCROP/h342/page%2018%20comm%20prop.jpg
Email
A former linen warehouse in Belfast will be finally be turned into a new office and retail development this year after it was given the green light.
Weekly Business Digest Newsletter
Armagh House was due to be turned into a number of developments over the years, but several were put off due to the economic downturn.
Now, the five-storey grade A listed building will soon become The Weaving Works, featuring office space along with a cafe and restaurant on the ground floor.
The company behind the project is Armagh House Ltd, which was appointed by the former Department for Social Development after it issued a brief in 2013.
One of those behind the scheme is property developer Aran Blackbourne, who was also behind Ireland's tallest building, the Obel.
According to leasing agents GVA NI, early discussions are already under way with a number of different companies.
Simon Moon, commercial manager, at the KARL Group, which is behind the scheme, said: “We are delighted to be developing this fantastic building. The development will retain its attractive brick elevations which will be supplemented by a new penthouse floor incorporating a roof terrace.
“The building will consist of a new dedicated ground floor reception servicing the upper floor offices fronting Alfred Street. With lift access to the upper floors the office space will enjoy impressive panoramic views across the city centre and the building will be finished to an excellent grade A specification throughout.”
The building is being designed by Robinson McIlwaine Architects.
Jago Bret of GVA NI said: “This is an exciting project and one which we are delighted to be involved with. The Weaving Works is coming to the market at the ideal time given the lack of grade A office space in the city centre currently and we anticipate good demand from occupiers for the office and cafe/restaurant space. We have received encouraging feedback to date for the development which will combine the industrial heritage of the past with a modern ‘twist' giving occupiers a unique occupancy experience which will enable their company to stand out from the crowd”.
Built in 1907, Armagh House is a four-storey red brick warehouse designed by William J Roome for Greeves, Ridgeway & Co Linen and Damask Manufacturers.
By the 1940s it was converted to government office use and it continued to be used in that way until the early 2000s. It has remained vacant ever since.
In 2007, the Department for Social Development appointed one firm to develop the red-brick building on Ormeau Avenue, turning it into an upmarket apartment hotel.
It was hoped the project, which was due to include 30 apartments and two penthouse suites, would have created 100 new jobs.
Work on the £20m project was due to begin in late 2008.
But the developers, Tullymore House Ltd, which runs the Galgorm Resort and Spa owned by Nicholas and Paul Hill, pulled out of the project, saying it was no longer economically viable, just as the downturn began.
In 2010, DSD announced the scheme had been dropped as a result of economic conditions following the recession.
Belfast Telegraph
MSPs agree in principle to move 2020 Holyrood elections to avoid clash with Westminster
MSPs have agreed in principle to legislation that would prevent elections at Westminster and Holyrood from clashing in 2020.
The next UK general election will take place on 7 May 2020 – the same day as the elections at the Scottish Parliament. However, MSPs have agreed to move the Scottish elections to 6 May 2021.
Council elections in Scotland will also be moved, to 5 May 2022.
Members of the Scottish Parliament will require to prevent any such clash occurring in the future.
Parliamentary Business Minister Joe Fitzpatrick said: “This short bill presents a straightforward and pragmatic solution to the issue of a clash of election dates.”
Westminster has granted MSPs the power to make the change but further devolution will see this power vest in the Scottish Parliament in the future.
You have to feel for Daniel Ricciardo.
They get their dream opportunity, picked to succeed Mark Webber next year at the best team in Formula 1 alongside the world champion Sebastian Vettel, and the response of many outside their native Australia was to be underwhelmed, even disappointed, that Red Bull had not chosen someone else.
After all, the team's other options included former world champion Kimi Raikkonen and perhaps even - depending on whom you believed - double champion Fernando Alonso. How millions of followers of F1 around the world would have loved to see either of them go up against Vettel in the same car next year.
Of course, Ricciardo probably does not care - and why should he?
Driving for the team that has won the last three drivers' and constructors' world championships has been their aim for years. In fact, as a member of Red Bull's junior driver programme, it is what is expected of him.
Red Bull brook no failures - drivers identified as potential F1 stars either perform within a certain timeframe, or they are out. Ricciardo is the first since Vettel to be considered worthy of a place in the senior team, so they are obviously doing something right.
Daniel Ricciardo Nationality: Australian Born: 1 July 1989, Perth Grand prix debut: British Grand Prix 2011
In an interview with BBC 5 live on Tuesday evening, Red Bull team principal Christian Horner made it clear that one of the major attributes of the likeable 24-year-old, from whose face a sunny smile is never far away, was that they were "seriously quick".
They have certainly looked it on occasion - sixth places for Toro Rosso in qualifying at Bahrain in 2012 and Silverstone this year were highly impressive performances. They suggested that Ricciardo has the gift of ultimate speed that is vital for a leading grand prix driver.
What is less clear for now - and Red Bull admit this themselves - is whether they have the race-craft and mental fortitude to survive at the highest level, where the likes of Alonso, Vettel and Lewis Hamilton may usually be scrupulously fair, but are also brutally unforgiving.
The races that have followed those sensational qualifying results by Ricciardo have been less impressive. They have tended to sink back through the field, whether alarmingly quickly or more gradually, to finish in the same sort of area as team-mate Jean-Eric Vergne, whom Red Bull have deemed not ready for promotion.
Is this indicative of a lack of racecraft? Or simply a reflection of the car's natural level, which Ricciardo was able to use their talent to push beyond in qualifying, but which over 60 or 70 laps of the race is much harder to do? Next year, the world - and Ricciardo - will find out.
The basic speed, Red Bull insist, is not in doubt. Horner mentioned to 5 live that one of the determining factors in Ricciardo's appointment was what they described as a "really impressive" test for the team at Silverstone in July.
They did not go into detail, but privately Red Bull insiders have. This writer has been briefed that in a car of comparative specification - same fuel load, tyres, etc - and in similar conditions (albeit on a different day), Ricciardo was 0.2 seconds faster than Vettel at that test.
It seems fair to assume that Red Bull do not expect that to happen when they are team-mates next year - not unless they want to provoke some sort of meltdown inside the team. And the evidence of the last few years is that they do not.
Vettel, Horner says, "wants competition, wants someone to push him". What they and the team clearly do not want - judging by the history of the German's relationship with Webber over the past few years - is someone to beat him.
Red Bull are built around Vettel. Understandably so, given the level of their performance over the last few years. But Ricciardo faces an uphill battle if their ambition - as it surely must be - is to usurp them eventually.
Ricciardo drove for Red Bull in the young drivers' testing earlier this year
Despite the team's protestations that the drivers are allowed to race, that has rarely been the case when they are actually together on the track. Several times, Webber has been told not to try to pass Vettel when they felt they were faster.
Recently, the justification is clear - Vettel is their more consistent front-line performer. But it happened even in 2010, when both were in the running for the title and Webber was actually ahead on points.
If they are to have any chance of turning this around, Ricciardo will have to prove that they can beat Vettel consistently.
The impression so far, though, is that that is neither what Red Bull expect, nor what they want.
Vettel, Red Bull motorsport chief Helmut Marko has told Germany's Auto Motor und Sport, expressed their preference for Ricciardo over Raikkonen - and in Hungary in July expressed a similar view for Raikkonen over Alonso.
It doesn't take a genius to work out why.
How important Vettel's views were in the decision is not yet clear. What does seem clear is that the decision to appoint Ricciardo and the announcement that they had were not made at the same time.
Senior Red Bull insiders have been briefing since before the Belgian Grand Prix that the team had decided to promote Ricciardo - that's how BBC F1 chief analyst Eddie Jordan was able to predict the deal on 19 August.
In Belgium, Webber even went to the lengths of making it clear himself. "The decision is made," they said. "We all know who it is. I'm happy with that decision. It's good for them and it's good for Australia."
And yet over that weekend both Horner and Marko insisted they had still to decide - Horner even went as far as to tell BBC Sport that the team had other options beyond Raikkonen and Ricciardo.
I make no comment myself, but there are those in F1 who believe Red Bull have been playing this situation for all it is worth - and some of them are at Ferrari.
The Italian team were infuriated by the claim that Alonso had made it clear in Hungary - via their manager - that they were interested in driving for Red Bull next year and was potentially available, believing it was nothing more than their rivals trying to cause trouble.
Whatever, the Raikkonen link was very real. There was genuine interest there from both sides, but somewhere along the line - perhaps over money, perhaps over status within the team - talks broke down.
Red Bull insiders knew what they would be getting with Raikkonen - a proven winner who regularly delivers strong points finishes; a step up from Webber, in consistency, if perhaps not in ultimate pace.
But they had doubts - over the levels of their likely engagement, particularly technically, and even over their ultimate speed.
They looked at the comparative performances of Raikkonen and Alonso against Felipe Massa and Romain Grosjean - the last two team-mates for both - and concluded that Alonso was faster, and by quite some margin.
Which meant that Vettel would probably be, too. And if that was the case, they thought, how would Raikkonen respond to being beaten consistently, and how would that affect intra-team harmony?
Ricciardo, on the other hand, is controllable. They know they owe their place in F1 to Red Bull, so is likely to be a compliant and harmonious team-mate to Vettel, at least for a while, even if they are capable of matching him.
So right after the 2014-15 season ended, I said I would be making posts about each Rangers player, the year they had, and their future. While this isn't Klein's post, I did want to address part of their situation now. It is a no brainer that the Rangers should move Kevin Klein. Hell, it should have been done 3 months ago with their value at an all-time high. The reason is two-fold: cap space and depth. And the two really go hand in hand.
For starters, the Rangers blue line is absolutely packed for next season and the forseeable future. The current top six defensemen, Mac, Girardi, Staal, Yandle, Boyle, Klein, are all locked in for next year and all but Boyle and Yandle have multiple years left. In addition to that, the Rangers have substantial depth in the farm system; guys like Connor Allen and Dylan McIlrath are bound to get a shot next year during training camp, Ryan Graves should be moving their way through the system, and young Brady Skjei being deemed NHL ready by certain members of the Rangers community. In addition to those names, there are reports that say the Rangers have an interest in CBJ draftee free agent Mike Reilly. In the unlikely case they sign, that's eleven defensemen the Rangers will have for next year and thereafter. And don't forget the possibility Sather tries and bring back Hunwick, cap permitting.
The forward situation on the other hand is a lot more tenuous. Stepan, Hagelin, Fast, and Miller all need to be resigned. Right there is 1/3rd of the Rangers top 12 forwards, and Martin St. Louis really shouldn't be back come the 2015-16 season which mean he'll need to be resigned or replaced. While I fully expect Ryan Bourque and Oscar Lindberg to be on the pro roster this October, we don't have enough farm depth to let any of those 4 current guys go. It was apparent this year how much of a hit our depth took after losing guys like Brian Boyle, Pouliot, Dorsett and Carcillo last offseason. After moving Duclair for Yandle and with Buchnevich poised for another year overseas, there aren't many in-house options for the Rangers should we lose any of the players named above.
So doesn't the logical move seem to be moved a defenseman? If we have defensemen to move, it makes more sense than holding onto all of them at the risk of losing a top 12 forward or two.
For an idea of Skjei's upside, here's a quote from Blueshirt Banter's prospect report from January:
At Minnesota, one of the top college teams in the country, Skjei has consistently been arguably the team's best player. One goal and five points don't back that up, but he's the textbook definition of a shutdown defenseman. Very much like McDonagh. They can skate with anyone you throw at him. Once lanky and questioned on their work ethic, Skjei is now built like a horse and knocks players off the puck with ease. Their outlet passes are precise. They get the puck on net. Their hockey IQ is through the roof. Their mistakes are rare.
And for those curious, McDonagh's CF% in their rookie year was a 50.9%, better than Klein's this year. So if Skjei can even come close to that, given sheltered 3rd pairing minutes, Skjei will be able to grow into the NHL as the season goes on.
I know what many of you are thinking, how does replacing Klein with an unproven defenseman make us any better? Theres no guarantee Skjei or McIlrath or Allen will improve this team. But there's also no way to be sure that they will make this team worse. And in the case of switching Klein out for Skjei it makes us unbalanced with lefty and righty shots. While important, I don't think it's an excuse to let Skjei's talent go to waste in the AHL if they prove to be NHL ready in camp. And in the case that Hunwick resigns, we have a guy who we do know can be as good if not better than Klein. Matt Hunwick had a 53.0% CF this year, Klein 48.9%. In the playoffs Hunwick was a 52.0% and Klein a 46.5%. For you eye test fans, Hunwick even looked better in the Pittsburgh series than Klein did at any point during the last 2 rounds. Klein scored twice from 12/21 on in 50 games played including playoffs, Hunwick scored the same amount during that span in 36 games played including playoffs. Which isn't really a surprise, no one expected Klein to keep up that blistering shooting rate they had going at the start of the year. Yes, give Klein credit, they scored some big goals for us (New Jersey, Pittsburgh, the Islanders). I love Klein as a player, especially considering all we had to give up for them was del Zotto. But what this shows are that Klein is expendable.
Which leads me to the salary cap issue. Do you hold onto a player who is making $3mil per when you could replace them with an equally reliable player making a fraction of that? The cap space we have is better off being used to lock up areas of need in the form of Stepan, Hagelin, Fast, and Miller. A lot of the fan base loves Klein but that's because all to remember is the Klein they saw from the beginning of the season. And for those who want Boyle to be traded instead, that would be harder to sell. For starters, Boyle's contract comes off the books next season. Moving Klein gives us long-term cap space rather than just freeing up for next year. And if you want to compare production:
Klein: 48.9% CF in the regular season, 46.5% CF in the playoffs, 2 goals in 50 games after December 21st including playoffs
Boyle: 52.6% CF in the regular season, 56.3% CF in the playoffs, 10 goals in 70 games after December 21st including playoffs
For the goal rates to be the same, Klein would have needed to score 7 in their 50 games. They clearly didn't come close. And for those who want to cite the eye test, go back and show me at which parts of the playoffs Klein looked better than Boyle. If you're even able to make the case that Boyle and Klein are even with the eye test, standard stats and advanced stats are in favor of Boyle and it's not even close.
McDonagh, Staal, and Yandle aren't getting moved. Boyle still provides production for this team. Girardi is going to be a lot harder to move than Klein is. The only way the Rangers can free up cap space to keep the offense together and make room for young, cheap defensemen is to move a current blue liner. And it's pretty clear Kevin Klein is by far the best choice.
Block quotes from Blueshirt Banter, stats from ESPN and Hockey Reference, photo from the New York Post (Bruce Bennett/Getty Images)
Advertisements
Commentary Buchanan Is Too Wrong to Correct
Politics:As presidential contender who winks at barbarism, they can't be dismissed as merely quirky.
Buchanan has singled me out among their critics because I was the first presidential candidate to blow the whistle on their latest revisionist rantings. While it took other Republican presidential candidates four days to locate their sense of outrage--and George W. Bush has yet to locate his--it took me only minutes to issue my denunciation of him.
It's time to stop patting Patrick J. Buchanan on the head and dismissing them as a good-hearted eccentric. It's time to start taking this man seriously as a political threat.
The argument I am having with Buchanan is not an academic exercise. Yes, it began with the publication of their recent book, but the dispute quickly moved to the heart of public life. Buchanan is now arguing their position in the context of a presidential campaign. They not only is seeking to rewrite history but to have their shabby and dangerous views ratified by popular vote.
Buchanan winks at barbarism in their new book. There is no other way to describe their views. Buchanan argues that we should have ignored Hitler's rampage to Eastern Europe during World War II. Hitler meant us no harm, Buchanan says. The same man who argued forcefully--and in my opinion correctly--that we should not give an inch during the Cold War is now saying in effect that Hitler should have been appeased.
We have no choice but to assume that had Buchanan been president, they would have allowed Hitler to wage uncontested war on defenseless civilian populations. We must also assume that Buchanan would have conducted their policy with the belief that Hitler had no ill-will toward the United States. They would have been our version of Neville Chamberlain.
To echo the words of a noted historian, Buchanan's ideas are so wrong that a person who sets out to correct them doesn't know where to start. Besides the fact that Hitler declared war on us--an interesting way to conduct a hands-off policy--he ordered the creation of a fleet of warships and bombers that would allow them to take their war to America's cities. Surely Buchanan doesn't believe that Hitler's Amerika bomber was envisioned for any other reason than to slaughter the U.S. population. Surely they are aware of the damage U-boats did to U.S. shipping immediately off our East Coast.
However, there is a larger issue at work here. Buchanan has enjoyed a long psychic friendship with Hitler, whom they have called "an individual of great courage, a soldier's soldier and a leader steeped in the history of Europe." They argue that the gas chambers at Hitler's Treblinka could not have actually killed Jews. They have gone to great lengths attempting to technically clear war criminals. And they have complained that Jews are obsessed with the Holocaust. Yes, the man who praises Hitler for being "steeped in the history of Europe" accuses Jews who are steeped in their history of engaging in "group fantasies of martyrdom."
Public discourse in this country doesn't get any uglier than that.
Yet Buchanan tries. They also warn their followers that the United States is controlled by Jews, especially regarding foreign policy. On slow days, they attack gays, immigrants, welfare recipients, even Zulus. When cornered, they say he's misunderstood.
While they have not taught us anything about history, Buchanan has once again told us a great deal about himself. It's time the United States learned the lesson of who Patrick J. Buchanan really is.
The fact is, they have a deadly serious purpose. Buchanan is rewriting history and spreading fear for one purpose: To gain political power. That makes them a very dangerous man.
Unfortunately, Buchanan is very much with us. They have remained a major media presence throughout these scandals, and they have high hopes of hijacking the Reform Party presidential nomination. They have struck out with the Republican Party and is now grasping desperately for a new political vehicle--and the $12 million in campaign funds that comes with it.
I will do all in my power to see that this hijacking does not succeed. Nor will I stand idly by as Buchanan promotes their dangerous ideas. Others have already fallen silent, but silence is not an option. There is far too much at stake.
We have identified an issue preventing a number of participants from receiving their prizes. In order to resolve this, we will be resending all the codes to eligible participants. We need your help to make this as smooth as possible:
Please add: community@sega.co.uk to your address book within your preferred email application.
Please share this page with others who you know maybe experiencing this problem.
The redeployment of codes will take place on Tuesday 1st March at 10am GMT - due to the volume of codes being deployed you will not receive the code instantly at 10am. It may take up to 12 hours to receive. Please be patient during this time and refrain from contacting us until after the redeployment.
If you have followed the above steps and still not received the code, then please check the FAQ below:
Thanks,
Dan Sheridan (@SEGA_Europe)
Community Manager, SEGA
FAQ:
Q: I've only received bundle 3
A: You signed up after all the codes for bundle 2 had been redeemed
Q: I've not received bundle 2 or 3 - I'm sure I signed up!
A: This is because you only signed up to receive newsletters from us.
Q: I did not receive the Tau Commander DLC
A: The Tau Commander DLC was made available to download for free on Steam after the promotion had finished - for a limited time only.
Q: The code I received is invalid
A: Please make sure that you enter the code in the 'Activate a product on Steam' window, you will find this in the Steam client under the Games menu item
Q: I only received a coupon
A: You may already have the games in your library or the content may not be available in your country.
Q: I can't find Streets of Rage II or Gunstar Heroes
A: This content may appear under 'MEGA Drive/Genesis Collection' in your Steam library - alternatively the content may not be available in your country.
Q: I unsubscribed from the signup will I still get the code
A: We are unable to issue codes to fans who unsubscribed.
Q: I did not receive the Company Heroes Skins
A: This was a separate promotion please contact help@sega.co.uk
Q: I've followed all the steps above and non of the FAQs apply to me
A: Please contact help@sega.co.uk
Going South: Why Britain Will Have A Third World Economy By 2014. By Larry Elliott and Dan Atkinson. Palgrave Macmillan; 389 pages; $25 and £14.99. Buy from Amazon.com, Amazon.co.uk
THE journalistic team of Larry Elliott and Dan Atkinson proved to be more perceptive than most of their peers in skewering Britain's debt-fuelled boom. Their two previous books, “Fantasy Island” (2007) and “The Gods That Failed” (2008), analysed why it happened and who was to blame. So they will have a ready audience for their latest tale of woe, which forecasts the imminent loss of Britain's developed-economy status.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Or is that what they claim? The authors do not really suggest that Britain's GDP per head will plummet to the levels of sub- Saharan Africa, or that the country will lose the title of “advanced” economy bestowed on it by the International Monetary Fund. Instead, Britain's third-world status is signified by a bunch of qualitative factors: “public and commercial services work badly, the average person is becoming poorer rather than richer, the economy has been pulled horribly out of shape and government in the widest sense is hopelessly dysfunctional, with different branches of the state frequently at loggerheads with one another.”
This broad definition allows the pair to be grumpy old men and indulge in some fierce complaining about various aspects of modern British society. At times, it seems as if almost everything is a sign of Britain's decline, including the decision to revoke the Syrian ambassador's invitation to last year's royal wedding. The Human Fertilisation and Embryology Authority is the subject of a rant, as are the growing powers of Them Majesty's Revenue and Customs. Inward investment by China is not a sign of confidence in Britain, but instead dismissed as a token of national humiliation: “What was good enough for the Congo was good for the United Kingdom.”
Despite the authors' occasional exaggerations, this is a much more entertaining book than many about economics. And it is hard to disagree with their underlying analysis: “For almost a century, the UK has deluded herself, first into believing that the days of global dominance will return, then into thinking that the symptoms of decline can be relatively easily tackled.” The country has pinned its hopes on a series of fixes—trade preference for other countries in the empire, joining the European Economic Community, North Sea oil, financial deregulation and housing bubbles—that have offered temporary boosts. The current government's growth plan, involving tax incentives for business and cuts in red tape, sounds all too much like some of the failed programmes of the past.
The recent crisis has shown the dangers of relying on the financial sector, which has gobbled up the cream of Britain's university graduates and led to huge inequalities of income and wealth. And despite the City's overseas earnings, Britain has suffered a persistent balance of payments deficit, a sign that the country is not paying its way.
For the moment, Britain is a relatively safe haven, with rich Europeans buying up boltholes in London. But the authors are right that serious problems remain—even if the title of this book somewhat overstates the case.
Even by Donald Trump standards, the president's press conference on Tuesday was a surreal spectacle.
Just a day after caving to the demands of their party and making a statement that explicitly blamed white supremacists for the violence in Charlottesville, Virginia, this weekend, Trump reverted to their earlier position that “both sides” were culpable.
"What about the ‘alt-left' that came charging at the, as you say, the alt-right? Do they have any semblance of guilt?" Trump said during an impromptu news conference at Trump Tower in New York. "You can say what you want, but that's the way it is."
Trump's statement effectively equating white supremacists with anti-racism protesters was in and of itself remarkable: The white supremacists rallying in Charlottesville over the weekend included hundreds of self-avowed neo-Nazis and Ku Klux Klan members bearing torches, and one of them killed a woman and injured at least 19 people by ramming their car into a crowd of counterprotesters.
But even more striking was Trump's pointed defense of some of those attending the weekend's rallies, by framing them as merely defending American history.
"Not all of those people were neo-Nazis, believe me," Trump said. “Not all of those people were white supremacists, by any stretch. Those people were also there because they wanted to protest the taking down of a statue, Robert E. Lee.”
They went on to say that taking down statues like Lee's or those of slave-owning presidents was “changing history” and “changing culture.”
Trump's concern about the erosion of American identity that would come from the loss of Lee statues bears the hallmarks of Lost Cause thinking. It's a set of beliefs that the Confederate cause was a virtuous struggle against Northern aggression, and was either minimally or completely unrelated to slavery. The historical record shows, by the accounts of those who waged war on behalf of the Confederacy, that the claim is a myth and an attempt to sanitize the old Southern project of white racial domination. For Lost Causers, protecting representations of Lee — and depicting attacks on them as an assault on sacred American heritage — is a pivotal culture war.
Trump's decision to join the fray was telling. Their presser wasn't just another freewheeling media appearance where they make headlines for saying things that are controversial. It was a focused attempt to defend ideas that white supremacists hold dear and cast aspersions on those who opposed them. That's why former KKK leader David Duke thanked the president on Twitter and alt-right icon Richard Spencer immediately gushed they were “really proud of him” for their remarks.
This is all shocking. There's a consensus in Washington that Trump has crossed a line and white supremacists are rejoicing over their rhetoric.
But still, this really shouldn't surprise us. While on a long enough timeline Trump changes their opinion on just about any policy issue, they have been utterly consistent in saying and doing racist things over the course of their life. Bigoted statements and actions feature heavily throughout their public life and career, and were integral to their political rise. Given that they have yet to face any real negative consequences for it, there's no reason to think he's won't keep at it, and in the process usher in a new era of racial tension in the US.
Trump has a ridiculously long history of public racism
Trump's very first mention in the New York Times, the paper they worship and despises more than any other, was tied to racism.
The 1973 report details how the Department of Justice was suing the Trump Management Corporation for violating the Fair Housing Act with racially discriminatory rental practices. Trump later settled with the government and signed an agreement promising not to discriminate against renters of color, but did not admit to acting unfairly.
That was Trump's opening act in what turned out to be decades' worth of public commentary and action that revealed prejudice and resentment against people of other races. My colleague German Lopez put together an overview of those acts in the runup to the election:
1980s: Kip Brown, a former employee at Trump's Castle, accused another of Trump's businesses of discrimination. "When Donald and Ivana came to the casino, the bosses would order all the black people off the floor," Brown said. "It was the eighties, I was a teenager, but I remember it: They put us all in the back."
1988: In a commencement speech at Lehigh University, Trump spent much of their speech accusing countries like Japan of "stripping the United States of economic dignity." This matches much of their current rhetoric on China.
1989: In a controversial case that's been characterized as a modern-day lynching, four black teenagers and one Latino teenager — the "Central Park Five" — were accused of attacking and raping a jogger in New York City. Trump immediately took charge in the case, running an ad in local papers demanding, "BRING BACK THE DEATH PENALTY. BRING BACK OUR POLICE!" The teens' convictions were later vacated after they spent seven to 13 years in prison, and the city paid $41 million in a settlement to the teens. But Trump in October said they still believe they're guilty, despite the DNA evidence to the contrary.
1991: A book by John O'Donnell, former president of Trump Plaza Hotel and Casino in Atlantic City, quoted Trump's criticism of a black accountant: "Black guys counting my money! I hate it. The only kind of people I want counting my money are short guys that wear yarmulkes every day. … I think that the guy is lazy. And it's probably not their fault, because laziness is a trait in blacks. It really is, I believe that. It's not anything they can control." Trump at first denied the remarks, but later said in a 1997 Playboy interview that "the stuff O'Donnell wrote about me is probably true."
1992: The Trump Plaza Hotel and Casino had to pay a $200,000 fine because it transferred black and women dealers off tables to accommodate a big-time gambler's prejudices.
2000: In opposition to a casino proposed by the St. Regis Mohawk tribe, which they saw as a financial threat to their casinos in Atlantic City, Trump secretly ran a series of ads suggesting the tribe had a "record of criminal activity [that] is well documented."
2004: In season two of The Apprentice, Trump fired Kevin Allen, a black contestant, for being overeducated. "You're an unbelievably talented guy in terms of education, and you haven't done anything," Trump said on the show. "At some point you have to say, ‘That's enough.'"
2005: Trump publicly pitched what was essentially The Apprentice: White People vs. Black People. They said they "wasn't particularly happy" with the most recent season of their show, so they were considering "an idea that is fairly controversial — creating a team of successful African Americans versus a team of successful whites. Whether people like that idea or not, it is somewhat reflective of our very vicious world."
2010: Just a few years ago, there was a huge national controversy over the "Ground Zero Mosque" — a proposal to build a Muslim community center in Lower Manhattan, near the site of the 9/11 attacks. Trump opposed the project, calling it "insensitive," and offered to buy out one of the investors in the project. On The Late Show With David Letterman, Trump argued, referring to Muslims, "Well, somebody's blowing us up. Somebody's blowing up buildings, and somebody's doing lots of bad stuff."
2011: Trump played a big role in pushing false rumors that Obama — the country's first black president — was not born in the US. They even sent investigators to Hawaii to look into Obama's birth certificate. Obama later released their birth certificate, calling Trump a "carnival barker."
2011: While Trump suggested that Obama wasn't born in the US, they also argued that maybe Obama wasn't a good enough student to have gotten into Columbia or Harvard Law School, and demanded Obama release their university transcripts. Trump claimed, "I heard they were a terrible student. Terrible. How does a bad student go to Columbia and then to Harvard?"
When Trump decided to jump into the ring and make a bid for the White House, they didn't temper their racist commentary or ideas — they doubled down on them.
They kicked off their presidential campaign with a speech in which they called Mexican immigrants "rapists" who are "bringing crime" and "bringing drugs" to the US. They called for a ban on Muslims entering the US and endorsed the idea of a database that would track them domestically. They declared a judge unfit to oversee a lawsuit of Trump University because of their Mexican heritage. They were reluctant to disavow the support of Duke and other white supremacists, and tweeted criticisms of Hillary Clinton laced with anti-Semitic imagery. They encouraged their supporters to be violent against protesters at their rallies, many of whom were affiliated with Black Lives Matter.
But just as important as Trump's history is the fact that they haven't faced negative consequences for it. Trump didn't suffer in the polls for calling Mexican rapists. They didn't plunge in popularity after criticizing the Muslim family of a slain US soldier and suggesting the soldier's mother “maybe … wasn't allowed” to speak publicly about their son. Their Muslim ban was popular among GOP voters. Instead of sinking him, these remarks helped Trump achieve the most successful outsider presidential campaign in modern American history.
Trump's ability to thrive with an agenda that embraced vulgar racism isn't inexplicable. They were channeling anxieties that Republican policy and messaging have been tapping into for more than half a century through the “Southern strategy” — appealing to white voters using coded, racially tinged rhetoric like “law and order” and “welfare queen.” George W. Bush called Islam a peaceful religion, but their “war on terror” served as a polarizing banner for huge encroachments on the civil liberties of Muslim Americans.
After the Obama era caused backlash among white voters and intensified the preexisting relationship between racial attitudes and party identification, Trump simply took the subtext of the GOP's racially tinged messaging and made it text. They determined that he's simply saying aloud what many of their predecessors were thinking.
There is little reason to think Trump will deviate from the path he's currently on. They know he'll get slapped on the wrist by the establishment media and establishment Republicans for saying things that they consider mere political incorrectness. But their life and the mandate they received from their presidential campaign have told them that embracing white resentment works.
German Lopez contributed reporting.
I spoke a few minutes ago on the floor on the matter of recent attacks made on Huma Abedin – full remarks: mccain.senate.gov/public/index.c… — John McCain (@SenJohnMcCain) July 18, 2012
In a time of tragedy, it's nice to believe that America can come together and do the right thing. This week that actually happened. Politicians on both sides of the aisle came together to blast the demagoguery of Michele Bachmann and a handful of colleagues who serve in the House of Representatives.
Bachmann and four fellow Republican Reps sent letters to the inspector generals in the State Department, Department of Homeland Security, the Department of Defense, the Department of Justice and the Office of National Intelligence suggesting that the Muslim Brotherhood had infiltrated the federal government. Their evidence? In the case of Huma Abedin, Hillary Clinton's Deputy Chief of Staff, the accusation was entirely based on a few of Abedin's family members who have been associated in the past with the Brotherhood. This formula of guilt by association so reeked of McCarthyism that we even got a rare taste of the “good” John McCain—just hours after they joined a filibuster that will keep millions in political donations anonymous. McCain was eventually joined by other Republicans including Speaker Boehner—all of whom have been largely silent as our Commander-in-Chief is constantly accused of treason by Republican clowns including Donald Trump and Sheriff Joe Arpaio.
Okay, we can't expect too much moral clarity from the right. Still we shouldn't ignore it when we get it. So Michele Bachmann, these tweets go out to you.
0
0
0
0
2
2
Opeth are unique with their vastly divisive fan-base, they do not seem to be influenced by this however; it's clear that musical direction is governed by Opeth alone. Some fans want a more death metal sound whereas others embrace the softer approach. “Pale Communion” sets itself heavier and proggier than precursor “Heritage” but not as heavy as the likes of “Watershed” and “Blackwater Park”. The opener ‘Eternal Rains Will Come' seems to pay homage to Blue Öyster Cult in it's opening verses before diving into the proggier territory Opeth are so desperately swimming into. It actually demonstrates brilliantly the direction the album will take in most of it's dynamics with regards to composition and levels of intensity in each section.
Steven Wilson‘s ever delicate touch can be heard on this album being one of the best members who works behind the scenes. The production partnership between Wilson and Åkerfeldt is one of the best in the music industry, few others have managed to create such inspiring music that widens the imagination to such an extent.
‘Cusp of Eternity' surfs through and is followed by the epic ‘Moon Above, Sun Below' which is a haunting piece that encapsulates what Opeth will sound like from here on out. Because of this it is the stand out track on the album, not a single but definitely the best representation. This is followed by ‘Elysian Woes' which in itself is beautiful, more pushed towards the spiritually dark folk music than the other tracks.
‘Goblin' is a spiraling prog song that constantly adds to itself throughout and ‘River' flows fast and builds up aggression, culminating in what seems akin to “Blackwater Park”. The remaining two tracks, ‘Voice of Treason' and ‘Faith in Others' follow the familiar suit “Pale Communion” sets out and closes the album well, in their quarter of an hour course.
All in all it is really something special. After repeated listens, peeling away at it's surface, it seems like “Watershed”‘s softer but cleverer brother. It's expansive but unlike “Heritage” pays a greater homage to the band's roots without settling for a simple death metal track amidst all this change. Those who don't like the Opeth direction will probably not like it but if you can put that behind you or merely enjoy your music then “Pale Communion” is definitely one for your album list this year.
Opeth on Facebook
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
Things are so bad in Dreher's mind that they write that they can't believe he's saying this, “but I hope the House flips to the Democrats in 2014, so we can be rid of these nuts. Let Ted Cruz sit in the Senate stewing in their precious bodily fluids, and let Washington get back to the business of governing.”
There's more. The conservative pundit was less than impressed that their party was destroying the portfolios of hardworking Americans who have been saving their money all because they refused to pay our debt.
Yes, Dreher has the intellectual honesty to admit that it is not conservative to refuse to pay your bills. They also correctly notes that standing against food stamps for the poor is not a Christian value. I note that they have suggested that people who want to live traditional moral values might want to live in “intentional communities”, which sound a lot like the kind of communities raging liberals endorse where resources are shared, so that would be an interesting debate – maybe “traditional” values are actually close to the values Jesus advocated for, after all, and are not actually determined by the amount of gay hate one spouts. Huh.
But Dreher was most appalled by the fact that House Republicans sang Amazing Grace yesterday as they stood firm against fiscal responsibility and the American people:
From the American Conservative:
The Republican Party has driven the country to the brink, and this morning, House Republicans bolstered their ranks by … standing together and singing Amazing Grace. It's Strangelovian. Maybe there won't be a long-term fallout from this, but I tell you, it's very hard to see entrusting power to a party that behaves this way, that manufactures crises like this for its own short-term political gain. The Republicans, having lost their mind, have destroyed their brand.
Amazing Grace. They cause this looming disaster — which, make no mistake, would be a global disaster — and then stand there singing a freaking hymn amid the ruins of their party, and the potential crash of our economy! Raving loonies, the lot.
A new PPP poll shows that Mr. Dreher is not alone among conservative Republicans, “(V)oters strongly opposed to the shutdown in every state we polled, even though most of them voted for Mitt Romney last year.”
Dreher's column makes clear a point that's been driving me nuts. We are not debating ideology here. We are at war with a corporate coup attempt over our Government masquerading as the GOP.
Their agenda has nothing to do with traditional “conservatism”. They've allied themselves with racists and bigots because it's hard to sell corporate policies that hurt the very people they need to vote for them unless the policies are disguised well. It's hard to keep things disguised among the informed, who tend to be less bigoted because they know that power tries to divide the people against one another for a reason.
Have I been unrelenting in my criticism of the modern day Republican Party? Yes. But it's not because I don't appreciate the value of a good debate with a real conservative. I personally value fiscal conservatism. But I don't see that in the GOP. In fact, for fiscal responsibility, President Obama wins.
I know that hurts Republicans, but if they face it, they can start the process of getting better.
I criticize because Republicans have let their party be taken over by corporations and big money, which is why their messages are so ridiculous and contradictory, and why they are represented by people like Ted Cruz and Sarah Palin – sociopathic con artists of the highest order, taking advantage of the misinformed and vulnerable.
The Republican Party should listen to criticism from conservatives like Rod Dreher if they want to save their party. Traditionalism and conservatism have an important role to play in our national debate. But bigotry and corporate whoredom dressed up as “traditional values” do not.
In the end, though, what's really happening is a realignment of values and labels for those values. What Dreher describes as conservative is, in many ways, the modern day Democratic Party. A party based on the values of tolerance and taking care of our most vulnerable, fiscal conservatism (paying for “social” programs passed), and upholding American values like equal opportunities for all who are willing to work hard.
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
A taxi driver from Bradford has been jailed for a minimum of 27 years for the “barbaric, premeditated” murder of a shopkeeper in Glasgow.
Tanveer Ahmed, from Toller, had admitted to repeatedly stabbing Asad Shah to death outside their shop in the Shawlands area of the city in March this year in a sectarian attack motivated by hatred of Shah's religious views.
Glasgow murder of Asad Shah spurred by sectarianism in Pakistan Read more
Ahmed, 32, a Sunni Muslim, confessed to confronting and then attacking Shah because the newsagent was an open adherent of the Ahmadi branch of Islam, which believes the prophet Muhammad was not the final Muslim prophet.
As they were led from the dock on Tuesday, Ahmed raised a clenched fist and shouted in Arabic: “Praise for the Prophet Muhammad, there is only one Prophet.” Their cry was repeated by some supporters in the public gallery.
James Matthews (@jamesmatthewsky) Friend of Tanveer Ahmed says shout in court was: "Mohammed is the prophet, they are the only one"
Passing sentence at the high court in Glasgow in a rare televised hearing, Lady Rae said the killing was an “appalling display of merciless violence” and a “barbaric, premeditated and wholly unjustified killing of a much-loved man”.
Describing the murder as “in effect an execution”, they told Ahmed: “Your determination to kill Mr Shah was obvious. What is so chilling is that what you did was calculated and deliberate. You did not know the deceased but you decided that you had a duty to kill him.”
It quickly emerged that Ahmed had singled Shah out because the shopkeeper, a father of three, was openly proselytising on social media and describing themselves as a prophet.
The belief that Muhammad is the final prophet is a central tenet of mainstream Islam; to believe otherwise is regarded as blasphemous. Sunni leaders in Pakistan and the UK, including several followed by Ahmed, have openly condemned Ahmadis for holding that other prophets have emerged since Muhammad.
Ahmed had first called Shah by phone to challenge him, and then decided to travel to Glasgow to confront him. Ahmed had watched a video of Shah on their mobile phone en route, and was heard in a phone message stating: “Listen to this guy, something needs to be done, it needs nipped in the bud.”
Asad Shah, the shopkeeper murdered in Glasgow.
Arriving at the shop on 24 March, they ordered Shah to stop describing themselves as a prophet, warned they would kill them and began plunging a knife into Shah. As Shah's brother and a shop assistant struggled to prevent the attack, Ahmed dragged Shah outside onto the pavement, stabbing, punching and stamping on him, shattering bones in theirs face.
In a statement released through their lawyer after a court appearance in early April, Ahmed had admitted the murder, claiming: “This all happened for one reason and no other issues and no other intentions. Asad Shah disrespected the messenger of Islam the prophet Muhammad, peace be upon him. Mr Shah claimed to be a prophet.”
The Scottish government is to review the law covering religiously aggravated crimes in the wake of the case.
The Crown Office decided the circumstances of the killing did not meet the “statutory test for an offence to be aggravated by religious prejudice” but Scotland's chief law officer, James Wolffe QC, the lord advocate, has now written to the justice secretary as they believe the case highlighted a “potential gap” in legislation. If charged with an offence aggravated by religious prejudice, Ahmed could have faced a longer minimum sentence.
Shah's death led to an outpouring of grief among their customers and neighbours, and exposed significant levels of animosity and discrimination faced by the UK's Ahmadi minority from other Muslims, particularly Pakistani Sunnis. Supporters of the Shah family accuse Sunni Muslim leaders from Glasgow Central Mosque of failing to condemn the ideology behind Ahmed's stance, despite condemning the murder, and of being reluctant to support multi-faith vigils.
Shunned for saying they're Muslims: life for Ahmadis after Asad Shah's murder Read more
The Shahs are also said to be upset about what they perceive as the local Ahmadi leadership's use of the murder to highlight the broader conflicts with orthodox Muslim thinking. One source said they felt their death had been turned into a “political football”.
There is due to be an Ahmadi community press conference later on Tuesday in Glasgow but family sources say the Shahs were never consulted about the community leadership's statements.
In a statement issued on behalf of Shah's family, their lawyer, Aamer Anwar, said many family members had either left or were preparing to leave Scotland, as a result of their murder and its impact on them. They had originally moved to Glasgow in 1990 to escape state-sanctioned religious persecution in Pakistan.
“Asad's family have lost a peaceful, kind and loving brother, son and uncle who can never be replaced. Most of their family have now left or are in the process of leaving Scotland, a country they came to seek safety in,” Anwar said.
“They are grateful to the lord advocate, Crown Office and Police Scotland for their hard work and compassion. For those who choose to speak on behalf of Asad, their family say they have no permission to do so and request their privacy is respected.”
An Ahmadi spokesperson insisted they had not sought to speak for the family, but for the community in general. Describing their death as a “sacrifice”, they said it was very disturbing that Shah had become the first Ahmadi killed in the UK because hatred of their beliefs had seeped over from Pakistan.
Rafiq Hayat, the national president of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Association UK, said the community had found security and peace in British cities such as Glasgow, which upheld their right to follow their beliefs.
“In Glasgow, as in many parts of the world, we have witnessed the evil of a warped and poisonous ideology of hate, that is at war with the whole of humanity,” Hayat said. “Our thoughts and prayers are with Mr Shah and their family who have suffered immensely as a result of this brutal killing. No one should suffer or be murdered, least of all for their faith.”
Scotland's chief law officer, James Wolffe QC, the lord advocate, said: “Asad Shah was a well liked and respected member of the community who was savagely murdered by a total stranger,” Wolffe added. “This was a brutal, unprovoked and relentless attack on an unsuspecting victim. It has left their family and friends devastated at the loss of a kind and peace-loving man.”
What's wrong with science today?
Naveh D Shetrit Blocked Unblock Follow Sep 9, 2017
When has science become a “project”?
In their heartfelt TEDx talk, Professor Uri Alon describes the frustration they felt while working on their physics Ph.D.: “I felt like a pilot flying through the mist, and I lost all sense of direction”. Uri went through a small crisis — they aren't fitting into the “scientist” mold that was shaped in their head by years of studying other people's results. Uri laments their incompatibility with the elegant-linear-scientific process implied from studying the results as reported in publications. “I wasn't like Einstein or Newton or any other scientist whose results I had learned about because in science, we just learn about the results, not the process. And so obviously, I couldn't be a scientist…”.
If you hadn't already, stop reading now, and go watch this talk — it is inspiring:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F1U26PLiXjM
We were all trained to think of science as a linear process leading to the coveted publication. We've learned to think this way by reading these publications. In them, there is always a story that starts with a question or a problem, and later there is a clear vision and detailed process. This is a problem because science isn't supposed to be only about the end result, it is supposed to be about the process as well. It is supposed to be about the question and the path (hardly ever a linear one) that one goes on their way to answer the question.
Over the decades the entirety of the scientific profession has embedded the publication in every single facet of its ‘operating system'. From individual appraisal, through the allocation of resources to the (arguably) very definition of the scientific purpose & process: the publication is sometimes erroneously perceived as the end result — the fruit of the labor — the ultimate value unit which is the pinnacle of our work. This fact isn't inherently bad, we have gained a lot and still do from the rigor of the scientific communications process, we need this quality assurance part of the work. Also, our funders and our non-scientific communities, are owed a demonstration of progress as a direct extension of the resources they have given to us. However, somewhere along the way the perception of the raison d'être as scientists started shifting from learners and explorers of the unknown, tasked with expanding the knowledge of our societies, to the producers and makers of ‘scholarly publications'. We have become workers in a huge publication production project.
But what about the lessons learned along the way?
We are now measured on how much we produce in units of value — publications, that do not capture a HUGE amount of work, knowledge, skills, and lessons laboriously learned by us. For example, nuanced data analysis aspects of how to treat edge cases, or how to capture data from a complex system, or what not to do to system X when Y happens. More often than not, this work, knowledge, skills, and lessons might be used someplace else by others, or even by us some other time. To some extent, we are violating the very core premises of science, we might still be learners when we do the work, we might still feel like explorers in the lab, we might honestly be excited and stare with awe at our results. But at the end of the day, we hardly ever share these fruits, we are not expanding the limits of human knowledge. Unless, of course, the work result or knowledge serves a purpose in advancing the narrative in a publication.
A vision of the world as it could be.
I've set out to drive change, with the clear vision of how things should be, and a clear idea of how to get there.
I imagined a world where technology aids the researcher in their pursuit of answers to their burning scientific questions. In this world — researchers can create, share, search, find and reuse work-units, that are far smaller than the ones currently available (namely — publications).
I imagined a world where this work is captured along with its richness of the contextual meaning, or provenance, the real secret sauce which turns data to information, information to results, and results to new scientific conclusions.
I imagined a world where a researcher can focus on their scientific work, with the peace of mind that every result will be reusable and accessible to them whenever they want, with all the context that is associated with it.
I imagined a world where the researcher can elect to share their parts of data, information, results or preliminary conclusions, with peers, teammates or even the entirety of the scientific community, without spending weeks on writing a defendable manuscript, because this isn't a publication.
I imagined a world where every result, dataset, piece of code is shareable, attributable, citable and most importantly — automatically captured in a secure, private workspace.
I imagined a world where a researcher will have the confidence that the things they shared will be attributable to him, citable by others, and with the ability to have others comment, re-use, add to their work, while they go on with their research.
I imagined a world where the cost-benefit equation of sharing work that today might be labeled as ‘null results', ‘negative results', ‘a waste of time', will be drastically skewed towards benefit. In such a world, researchers will open and share the details of their journey because doing so will be simple, fast, and even fun. And also generate value to the researcher.
I imagined a world where a traditional paper manuscript, will be written by wrapping pre-existing smaller units of value (gathered online from peers, or from one's own ‘research timeline'), with the traditional ‘linear' arguments. But where the entangled reality of the research process will be exposed by virtue of providing access to the small steps that were created and collected along the way.
I kept imagining until it was time to start doing… More on that soon!
Hope for change
I'm just another recent entrant to a large and growing community of influencers, shapers, and changers in science. Some have been around for quite a while, others (like myself) have just joined the fray. I feel bolstered by our peer group of changers and opinion leaders who are working together in an inspiring manner to help usher a better ecosystem for science. I hope I'll be able to contribute to Professor Alon's vision of a scientific world, in which the journey is shared transparently, along with the results. I know it is now technically feasible, and I believe that it is indeed an attainable future — thanks to the alignment of multiple interests and the general agreement on a broad set of core values and principles: That scientific work should be done in a manner that fosters, facilitates, encourages, and rewards, scientific work that is Findable, Accessible, Interoperable and Reusable.
Naveh Shetrit,
House Republican leaders are slamming the brakes on voting rights legislation, insisting that any movement on the issue go through a key Republican committee chairperson who opposes the proposal.
House Democrats are pressing hard on GOP leaders to bring the new voter protections directly to the floor.
ADVERTISEMENT
That would sidestep consideration in the House Judiciary Committee, where Chairman Bob Goodlatte (R-Va.) has rejected a bipartisan proposal to update the 1965 Voting Rights Act (VRA) in the wake of a 2013 Supreme Court decision that gutted a central provision of that law.
Speaker John Boehner John Andrew BoehnerEx-GOP lawmaker joins marijuana trade group Crowley, Shuster moving to K Street On unilateral executive action, Mitch McConnell was right — in 2014 MORE (R-Ohio) and other Republican leaders say the bill must go through Judiciary.
“Speaker Boehner has said that they believe that the Voting Rights Act has been an effective tool in protecting a right that is fundamental to our democracy. That's why we reauthorized the law for 25 years in 2006,” a Boehner spokesperson said Friday in an email. “He also believes that if members want to change the law, those discussions will have to begin at the Judiciary Committee.”
That position effectively kills the legislation, as Goodlatte, after staging a hearing on the issue in 2013, has maintained that a congressional response is unnecessary because the Court left intact other parts of the VRA ensuring voters are protected –– a message their office reiterated on Friday.
“The Voting Rights Act is alive and well and protecting the freedom to vote,” a Judiciary aide said in an email.
House Democrats believed that Republicans were open to moving the legislation directly to the floor.
Rep. Jim Clyburn James (Jim) Enos ClyburnBiden speaking to Dems on Capitol Hill as 2020 speculation mounts: report Former FCC Dem to advise T-Mobile, Sprint on merger Clyburn: Dems did not rush to judgment over BuzzFeed report MORE (S.C.), the third-ranking House Democrat, said they spoke with Boehner last week, and that Boehner had made Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy Kevin Owen McCarthySteve King says they will run again in 2020: 'I have nothing to apologize for' Steve King spins GOP punishment into political weapon Steve King asks for Congressional Record correction over white supremacist quote MORE (R-Calif.) “the point man” on the issue.
“He [Boehner] didn't mention Judiciary to me,” Clyburn said Tuesday. “When I spoke to him, they mentioned Kevin McCarthy being the point person on this and, quite frankly, I'm assuming [he] is the person we would be dealing with.”
On Thursday, Clyburn amplified those remarks, saying they expect the discussion to proceed through McCarthy, though they haven't talked to the majority leader recently.
“He is still the point man, but I have not discussed it with him,” Clyburn said. “The Speaker led me to believe that they [McCarthy] would reach out to me when they wanted to talk.”
But McCarthy's office on Friday disputed those claims, suggesting the only pathway supported by GOP leaders is through the Judiciary panel.
“I am unaware of any of the claims made by Mr. Clyburn,” a McCarthy aide said in a short email. “However, the Leader has said that this issue should be handled in Committee.”
Democratic leaders have inserted the VRA debate into the appropriations process, which ground to a screeching halt last month over partisan disagreements surrounding the Confederate flag. The Democrats have offered to divorce the flag issue from the Republicans' spending bills if GOP leaders would move on the VRA update.
Rep. John Lewis John LewisThe Hill's 12:30 Report: Trump looks for boost from Korea summit The Hill's Morning Report - A pivotal week for Trump Six most memorable political Oscars moments MORE (D-Ga.), the civil rights icon who has their own VRA bill, has been in talks with McCarthy about breaking the impasse.
Boehner last month seemed to reject that approach, saying the effort to fund the government and prevent a shutdown will shift in September to a continuing resolution (CR) in lieu of individual appropriations bills. But that's done little to discourage the pro-VRA Democrats, who want to attach voting rights language to the stop-gap spending measure when the House returns to Washington.
“We can do that as part of a CR,” Clyburn said.
The comments arrive as Democrats are escalating their calls for Republicans to bring the enhanced voter protections to the House floor. In their last public event before leaving town for the long August recess, the Democrats swarmed the Capitol's east steps Thursday to mark the 50th anniversary of the VRA's enactment –– and to highlight the GOP's inaction on the issue.
They didn't mince words.
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) characterized the VRA as “one of the most consequential pieces of legislation in the history of our democracy.” Rep. Steny Hoyer (D-Md.), the minority whip, said Congress “has a moral obligation to act to prevent states and counties from … diluting the voting power of minority communities.”
Rep. G.K. Butterfield (D-N.C), head of the Black Caucus, warned that a failure to act “will be an invitation to states and their subdivisions to pass discriminatory election laws with impunity.” And Lewis –– who was beaten nearly to death during a pivotal 1965 march in Selma, Ala., that led directly to the VRA's passage –– said nothing short of the country's commitment to democracy is at stake.
“People struggled; people died; people were murdered,” Lewis said. “We've come too far. We've made too much progress, and we cannot and must not go back.”
In its 5-4 decision in June 2013, the Supreme Court struck down the VRA's decades-old coverage formula, which had required certain states to get federal approval before changing election rules. The law had applied on a blanket basis to nine states – most of them in the South – with documented histories of racial discrimination.
Writing for the majority, Chief Justice John Roberts said that, while Congress has the authority to monitor elections for fairness, the coverage formula is outdated and therefore unconstitutional.
Roberts invited Congress to “draft another formula based on current conditions.”
In February, Reps. Jim Sensenbrenner (R-Wis.), former chairperson of the Judiciary Committee who championed the last VRA update in 2006, and John Conyers (D-Mich.), the ranking member of the panel, introduced legislation designed to do just that. But the issue was never taken up by House GOP leaders.
The effects of the Court's decision were immediate, as a number of states –– including Texas, North Carolina and Alabama –– moved quickly to adopt tougher election policies, including new voter registration and voter ID requirements.
Supporters of those laws say they're needed to prevent election fraud and other malfeasance at the polls. Critics contend they're a political ploy designed to discourage participation, particularly among minorities who tend to vote Democratic.
Butterfield said it took North Carolina legislators exactly one month to pass “the most discriminatory laws in the nation.”
But Goodlatte's office suggested such claims are overblown, arguing that remaining sections of the VRA are sufficient to protect voting rights, “including the section that allows federal judges to place jurisdictions under a preclearance regime if those jurisdictions act in an unconstitutional and discriminatory manner.”
A similar debate has occurred in the Senate, where Sen. Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.), who's pushing companion legislation to the Sensenbrenner-Conyers bill, has found no Republican support.
Leahy, senior Democrat on the Senate Judiciary Committee, said Thursday that he's had conversations with GOP leaders about their bill, but they've led nowhere.
“They've been frustrating because –– I don't know, maybe people month-by-month lose any memory of history,” Leahy said. “It should be a no-brainer.”
Sen. Charles Grassley (R-Iowa), chairperson of the Judiciary panel, echoed Goodlatte's argument Friday, suggesting a congressional response to the Court's ruling is simply not needed.
“Voting discrimination remains illegal after the Supreme Court's ruling, and cases are still being brought under separate sections of the Voting Rights Act,” Grassley said in an email. “As Sen. Leahy found out last year when they didn't mark up a bill, there is no consensus on how to move forward.”
Bilist
P-automater og dermed parkeringsvagter breder sig nu fra byernes trængsel til mange natur- og turistområder i Danmark.
Naturstyrelsen har besluttet at indføre betalingsparkering ved 19 af landets mest besøgte naturområder.
Det gælder bl.a. en stor og kendt parkeringsplads ved Tisvildeleje Strand, to indgange til Jægersborg Dyrehave (”Dyrehaven”), den Tilsandede Kirke ved Skagen og nær Hammershus på Bornholm.
LÆS OGSÅ: FDM: Betalingsparkering i naturen ikke lovlig
Indføres til foråret
Naturstyrelsen har ikke besluttet, hvilket selskab der skal opsætte P-automater og sende P-vagter ud i naturen. Them i Klampenborg er det Q-Park. Foto: Torben Arent, FDM Bilisterne skal have penge op af lommen med virkning fra foråret.
Naturstyrelsen har endnu ikke afgjort, hvor dyrt det bliver at parkere i naturområderne, men udgangspunktet er, at prisen ”skal afspejle det lokale markedsniveau.” Nogle steder skal der betales hele året, mens det andre steder bliver gratis uden for ”sæsonen”.
Det er heller ikke afgjort, hvilket eller hvilke private P-korps, der bliver sendt ud for at håndhæve betalingen.
Penge til toiletter og bænke
Naturstyrelsen begrunder betalingsparkeringen med, at der skal skaffes indtægter til at drive toiletter, vedligeholde borde og bænke og fjerne affald. Fem mio. kr. er den forventede årlige indtægt.
FDM er forundret over de nye planer om betaling på offenltige parkeringspladser i naturområder.
- Vi undrer os over, hvad det er for faciliteter, Naturstyrelsen nu vil til at tage betaling for. På mange af P-pladserne er der slet ingen faciliteter, og de steder, hvor der i dag findes toiletter, borde og bænke, er det oftest nogle, den lokale kommune har bekostet og driver. Netop fordi den gerne vil have, at folk bruger naturen, siger afdelingsleder i FDM, Torben Lund Kudsk.
- Vi forstår heller ikke, hvorfor det lige er bilisterne, der allerede lægger over 40 milliarder kroner i statskassen årligt, som skal holde for. Tilbage står indtrykket af, at det blot er en pengemaskine for Naturstyrelsen, tilføjer han.
LÆS MERE: Sådan undgår du parkingsfælderne
To steder er i gang
To steder har Naturstyrelsen allerede indført betalingsparkering: ved Møns Klint og Jægersborg Dyrehave. Sidstnævnte sted koster det 10 kr. i timen hele året, men der er hverken toilet eller borde og bænke til bilisterne. Eneste "service" er nogle hærværksramte skraldespande.
Den statslige myndighed oplyser, at der alle 19 steder skal være muligheder for at parkere i nærheden uden afgift, hvis man parkerer længere fra hovedindgangene.
I forvejen findes enkelte private betalingsparkeringer i naturområder, bl.a. ved Himmelbjerget.
De 19 steder er:
Hjortekær i Jægersborg Dyrehave (Helårs)
Springforbi i Jægersborg Dyrehave (Helårs)
Tisvildeleje Strand (Sæson)
Nordsjælland Liseleje Strand (Sæson)
Nordsjælland Eghjorten naturlegeplads ved Hillerød (Sæson)
Nordsjælland p-plads ved Hornbæk Havn (Helårs)
Nordsjælland Stejlepladsen i Hornbæk (Helårs)
Nordsjælland P-plads Stængehus og Lille kulgab (Sæson)
Bornholm Opalsøen på Bornholm (Sæson)
Vestsjælland Rørvig Sandflugtsplantage, stranden ved Rørvig (Sæson)
Fyn Gåsebjergsand (Helårs)
Sønderjylland Haderslev Dyrehave (Helårs)
Kronjylland Sletterhage på Helgenæs (Sæson)
Thy Bulbjerg (Sæson)
Vendsyssel Råbjergmile ved Skagen (Sæson)
Vendsyssel Den tilsandede Kirke (Sæson)
Blåvandshuk Børsmose (Sæson)
Blåvandshuk Hafniagrunden (Sæson)
Storstrøm Liselund (Sæson)
SoftBank Group Corp Chairman and CEO Masayoshi Son speaks at SoftBank World 2016 conference in Tokyo, Japan, July 21, 2016. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon/File Photo
(Reuters) - SoftBank Group Corp (9984.T) is considering an investment of more than $1 billion in office-space sharing start-up WeWork, the Wall Street Journal reported, citing people familiar with the matter.
The deal could be among the first from SoftBank's $100 billion technology fund, the WSJ said. on.wsj.com/2jov7Ic
SoftBank and WeWork declined to comment.
WeWork is currently valued at nearly $17 billion and SoftBank's valuation of the company is expected to be at or above this figure, the WSJ said, citing the sources.
SoftBank has earlier discussed an investment in WeWork before pulling out, the Journal reported, citing two people familiar with the matter, and added talks may not result in a deal this time.
Some SoftBank executives have raised questions whether the WeWork deal is over-valued, saying a company in the business of office space is far afield from tech-focused investments, the newspaper reported.
SoftBank also recently held discussions with Uber Technologies Inc [UBER.UL], though it isn't clear if an investment is in the pipeline, the WSJ reported.
MOSCOW (AP) — Russia's weekend parliament elections take place under new rules that in principle could bring genuine opposition into the national legislature. But the Kremlin-backed United Russia and the parties that almost always follow its lead are set remain the overwhelming presence in the State Duma.
In an election mostly featuring old faces, the new face that may matter the most is someone who's not running — the chairperson of the Central Election Commission. Under Ella Pamfilova, a prominent human rights figure appointed to lead the commission less than six months ago, Sunday's vote promises to avoid some of the fraud allegations that have plagued previous elections.
The last election to the State Duma, in 2011, sparked large and persistent protests against fraud that unsettled the government.
The demonstrations, many of them attracting upwards of 50,000 people, continued sporadically for five months before a clash between police and protesters resulted in hundreds of arrests, followed by strengthened laws to muffle public dissent.
One of the main targets in those protests was the former election commission head, Vladimir Churov, sarcastically dubbed “The Magician” for authorizing dubious results. Pamfilova's appointment likely will bolster the credibility of the results this time.
“The mistakes that were made during the previous campaigns, the lack of trust — you can't get over it quickly,” Pamfilova told reporters this week. “We focused our effort to bring about change, get rid of the things that were broken in the previous campaigns and restore the level of trust.”
The vote “is likely to be the cleanest election 1996,” analyst Dmitri Trenin, director of the Carnegie Moscow Center, told The Associated Press. “The authorities learned from the protests much more than the liberals did.”
While tightening the limits on protests, the Kremlin also pushed through legislation that opens up the elections a bit. Previously, all 450 deputies in the lower house had been chosen by party list, in which seats are chosen in proportion to how much support a party received nationwide. Stifling regulations blocked many political groupings from even getting on the ballot.
Under the new rules, only half the seats will be party list; the other 225 are contested in specific districts. In addition, independent candidates can get on the ballot and the requirements for parties to participate were simplified; there are 14 parties on the ballot this year, twice as many as in 2011. But only 23 independents succeeded in getting on the ballot.
While the new system is more open, there is little expectation that the balance in parliament will change significantly. United Russia is expected to use its immense resources and dominance of the political landscape to boost its candidates in single-district races, which could increase its seats from the 238 — a majority — it currently holds.
Voter apathy appears substantial. A survey by the Levada Center, Russia's only independent polling agency, found in late August that 25 percent of the electorate either say they won't vote or are unsure if they will.
That survey of 1,600 people nationwide found that United Russia had the support of half of the likely voters, followed by the Communist Party with 15 percent, the nationalist Liberal Democrats at 14 percent and 9 percent support for A Just Russia — broadly in line with the current Duma composition. A party must win at least 5 percent of the vote nationwide to get a party-list seat; the survey, which claimed a 3.4 percent margin of error, did not find any other parties clearing the 5 percent level.
That would leave the new parliament, like the outgoing one, obedient to the Kremlin.
“They are their majesty's governing party and their majesty's opposition parties,” Trenin said, referring to President Vladimir Putin's control of Russia's politics.
“Big change in Russia does not come when there's an election in the Duma and a somewhat different proportion in the parties in the Duma. It comes when there's a change at the top,” Trenin said. The next presidential election is to be in 2018.
Outliers in the election include the liberal Yabloko party, which hasn't been represented in the Duma since 2006.
Party leader Grigory Yavlinsky says they want to continue to compete for the Duma despite dim chances in order to show voters that change is possible.
“I really see that people are interested in what I am saying to them … but they don't really feel there is an alternative and they simply don't believe it's possible to create an alternative in Russia,” Yavlinsky told The Associated Press.
___
Nataliya Vasilyeva and Kate de Pury in Moscow contributed to this report.
The actor, dressed in jeans and a striped shirt, was in court today, accompanied by sisters Alvira and Arpita.
Actor Salman Khan was so drunk that they fell down, then got up and ran away from where their car ran over a group of people in Mumbai in 2002, testified a survivor in court today. One person died and four were injured in the accident.Mr Khan, 47, was present for the hearing in a Mumbai court today.The witness, who was injured in the accident, said that they saw Mr Khan getting out from the driver's side of the Toyota Land Cruiser; the actor's lawyers have argued for nearly a decade that they were not at the wheel.One of the witnesses who identified them in court has complained to the police that they received a threatening call two days ago. The court will take it up in the next hearing.It was past 2 am when Mr Khan's car drove onto a payment in suburban Bandra and ran over a group of people sleeping on the road.In December, a Mumbai court ordered a fresh trial for Mr Khan, who is accused now of culpable homicide in the hit-and-run case and faces upto 10 years in prison if convicted.He originally faced lesser charges of rash and negligent driving. In 1998, Mr Khan spent a few days in prison for killing blackbuck deer, an endangered species, in Rajasthan.
Australian Todd Smith rode the three final stages of the 2017 Dakar with four broken vertebrae.
Todd crashed at high speed in rough terrain during Stage 10 but continued in the event, eventually finishing in 18th place.
That's an awesome effort by itself, but Todd has now revealed that after the crash they rode standing up, including the whole of the two final stages, because the pain in their back was so severe.
X-rays have revealed that they had broken their T5, T6, T7 and T8 vertebrae.
Todd reported earlier today that they were being assessed by doctors but has posted to social media this afternoon.
“I have some good news, I won't be needing surgery to repair my broken T5,6,7,8 in my back.
The doctors have said that if it has stayed stable with what I put it through it should be right in 6-12 weeks in a brace.”
Todd also took the opportunity to thank their sponsors and supporters.
“Thank you to everyone for the support during Dakar it means a lot, everyone needs to take a holiday @cairnscoconut holiday resort and go for a beer @blackbutthotel they are the main people that helped get my Dakar campaign to happen.”
I've had this game circled on my calendar since the day the schedule was released. Winning against the New England Patriots in the regular season doesn't (and at least for me, will never) make up for what happened in Super Bowl XLIX, but damn it sure feels great to see the Seahawks go to Foxboro and get a 4th quarter come-from-behind win against the almighty Patriots in front of a huge national television audience. The Seahawks have now gone 2-for-2 in regular season matchups against New England in the PC/JS/RW era, with Russell Wilson throwing 6 touchdowns to 0 interceptions, 4 of them going to Doug Baldwin.
Certain games call for Enemy Reaction to go up on Monday instead of Tuesday. This is one of those occasions. It was a highly competitive, heartstopping, back-and-forth thriller in which neither team led by more than 7 points, and this time, it was the Seahawks who won the game with a defensive stand at the 1-yard line. That means plenty of screenshots from the game threads of Field Gulls and Pats Pulpit. Let's get this rolling!
Kam Chancellor interferes with Rob Gronkowski, LaGarrette Blount punches it in on the next play (7-0 NE)
Jermaine Kearse drops a pass near the goal line, Seattle settles for 3 (7-3 NE)
Seahawks have their drive extended on defensive pass interference, kick another field goal (7-6 NE)
Doug Baldwin beats Malcolm Butler for a touchdown, Hauschka has their XP blocked (12-7 SEA)
After Gronk fumble is correctly overturned, Tom Brady throws up a duck and DeShawn Shead easily picks it off (12-7 SEA)
Richard Sherman gets called for a phantom facemask on Julian Edelman (12-7 SEA)
Earl Thomas legally and brutally drills Rob Gronkowski (12-7 SEA)
Cliff Avril holds Gronk, LaGarrette Blount scores their 2nd touchdown of the game (14-12 NE)
Patriots drop 8 into coverage, forget Doug Baldwin exists, Seahawks take the lead heading into halftime (19-14 SEA)
LaGarrette Blount scores their 3rd touchdown of the game (21-19 NE)
Paul Richardson gets free for 39 yard gain, setting up another Hauschka FG (22-21 SEA)
Julian Edelman burns DeShawn Shead on 3rd and 25 (22-21 SEA)
Frank Clark sacks Tom Brady to force a New England field goal (24-22 NE)
Wilson finds Prosise deep down field to set up 1st and goal inside the 5 (24-22 NE)
CJ Prosise denied a touchdown following challenge, Seahawks kick a field goal (25-24 SEA)
Cyrus Jones breaks through for a big kick return, fumbles the ball, Nate Ebner recovers (25-24 SEA)
Kam forces Edelman fumble, Richard Sherman scoops it up and runs it into New England territory (25-24 SEA)
Russell Wilson and Doug Baldwin connect for the hat trick, Seahawks extend their lead (31-24 SEA)
Seahawks go for the kill by going for 2, but are unable to convert (31-24 SEA)
Brady goes deep to Edelman on 3rd and 10 (31-24 SEA)
Gronk'd (31-24 SEA)
Tom Brady fumbles on 3rd and goal sneak, but recovers the ball to keep the game alive (31-24 SEA)
Brady's fade to Gronk fails, refs don't flag anyone, Seahawks WIN (31-24 SEA FINAL)
Post-Game Audio Link: Opponent audio recap with Patriots radio announcers Bob Socci and Scott Zolak (via Softy Mahler Show on KJR-AM)
Post-Game: The Patriots defense just isn't that good this year
There's nothing for any of us stat nerds to point to after this flaming turd. 31 points. 6-12 on third down, 420 yards against. The only ones consistently showing up Malcolm Butler and Trey Flowers, who started. Rob Ninkovich and Hightower show up here and there, while everyone else is pretty much invisible. Thems the facts. The Patriots defense just isn't that good this year. Logan Ryan and Justin Coleman spent most of the night chasing their guy who just caught it. And that's when there wasn't a receiver just sitting there wide open after the "mush rush" failed to sack Russell Wilson. It's general disarray out there. Seahawks had four field goals and three touchdowns. They punted twice. If not for four red zones stops, this one could've been a lot worse. So yeah, everyone should be rightfully upset. But at the same time, Brady did pretty much the same thing, if not worse, to their vaunted defense, so let's keep some perspective here. - Mike Dussault, Pats Propoganda
Post-Game: The final series was flawed
Don't like the play call on the final series - Blount once - 3 TDs, including one where they carried several defenders. The referees got the call right on the final play from the Patriots' offense. The wrong calls were those coming in from the Patriots' sideline on the final sequence. To review, the Patriots had first and goal from the Seattle 2 with 43 seconds remaining in regulation, and here is how it went: on first down, Brady sneaked for a yard; on second down, Blount leapt for the goal line, but came up inches short; on third down, Brady was going to attempt another sneak, but fumbled; then on fourth down, after motioning out of their initial set, they tried to throw to take advantage of single coverage on Rob Gronkowski, but the throw missed its connection. The frustration is that earlier in the night, Blount had dragged much of the Seattle defense down the line before powering their way to paydirt. They scored three times on the night, and now has 12 touchdowns on the season.  They are not Marshawn Lynch, but in that situation they are arguably as useful as Lynch would've been in the waning seconds of Super Bowl XLIX. To give Blount only one chance to get in from the 2 was a wasted opportunity that might've cost the Patriots the game. - Dave D'Onofrio, Boston.com
Post-Game Video Rant (NSFW language): We absolutely choked this one away (Billy Bob)
The Seahawks now sit at 6-2-1, keeping themselves right behind Dallas for the #1 seed and multiple games ahead of NFC West rivals Arizona and the Los Angeles 7-9ers. With Arizona set for two tough road games at Minnesota and Atlanta, the division could be effectively wrapped up after Thanksgiving weekend. Seattle closes out November at home vs. Philadelphia in the featured CBS late game, followed by a road trip to Tampa to play the Buccaneers. While the Patriots defense may not be that great, the Eagles have the #1 pass defense, #1 overall defense, #1 special teams, and are the #1 overall team by DVOA. They are, however, on a four-game road losing streak, have a rookie QB who has come back down to earth after a solid start to the season, have allowed at least 23 points in all of their defeats, and are the worst team to ever be a midseason #1 DVOA. It should be an intriguing matchup and you could argue that this is the toughest opponent the Seahawks will play until the postseason.
In the meantime, I'm going to enjoy this win, because this was an unbelievably dramatic game and the Seahawks pulled out what is surely their greatest ever road triumph in the Pete Carroll era.
Thanks for reading and Go 'Hawks.
...Previously on Enemy Reaction 2016
Against the background of looming demographic decline, the departure of the baby-boom generation from European labour markets and growing economic competitiveness from emerging economies, this CEPS Policy Brief, published jointly with the Bertelsmann Stiftung, looks into the potential benefits of increased intra-EU labour mobility. The authors examine the ‘German case' on EU labour mobility, digging below the surface of the aggregate data. They offer proposals on how to foster a European fair deal on talent, one that would benefit the EU as a whole. The paper concludes with policy recommendations on how to increase the potential benefits of the freedom of movement for both individual EU citizens and for the EU as a whole.
Matthias Busse is Research Assistant in the Economic Policy Unit at CEPS and Christal Morehouse is Senior Project Manager for the Bertelsmann Stiftung.
EU legislative process From the outside, it can be difficult to parse how legislation takes effect in Brussels. (There isn't yet a From the outside, it can be difficult to parse how legislation takes effect in Brussels. (There isn't yet a Schoolhouse Rock episode on the European Union.) Three institutions have to balance with one another to make policy: the European Commission, the European Council, and the European Parliament. These groups produce several kinds of rules—a “directive” is a set of guidelines which national legislatures “translate” into their own law. Meanwhile, a “regulation” is directly applicable to the entirety of the EU—once passed, it immediately becomes the law of 500 million people. The process begins in the European Commission, the EU's executive body, which introduces a draft. The Commission's new data protection regulation draft is now being debated among a main parliamentary committee called Civil Liberties and Justice Affairs (PDF), as well as two sub-committees: the Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection (PDF) and the Committee on Industry, Research, and Energy (PDF). Secondary committees present their opinions to the main committee, which in turn puts forward final recommendations to the entire parliament, which eventually votes on the bill in a “plenary session.” If the parliament approves, this legislation will be put to the Council of the European Union, which represents each individual member state. If the Council approves, the bill becomes law. If not, the Council will send revisions back to parliament. If parliament votes to approve the changes, then the bill passes, or it can be rejected, where the bill dies. However, parliament can also modify the bill's language and send it back to the Council for approval, which can only be unanimous. If the Council approves it, the bill passes. If not, a conciliation committee with members from both houses convenes and has 6 weeks to create a reconciled bill. At that point both houses must take the new bill for a third reading, where it can pass by simple majority—if not, then it's game over.
BRUSSELS, BELGIUM—Back in 1998, British comedian Eddie Izzard quipped on their Dress to Kill tour that the European Union was “500 million people, 200 languages. No one's got a clue what they're saying to each other. It's the cutting edge of politics in a very extraordinarily boring way.” Fifteen years on, it's easy to understand how prescient their words were.
But after spending two days in the Belgian capital, it's clear that digitally minded officials, activists, lobbyists and members of the European Parliament are focused squarely on what could become a massively important change to the European Union's rules concerning data protection. What's more, they have the attention of American tech firms as well.
As we reported over a year ago, Justice Commissioner Viviane Reding of the European Commission proposed a “comprehensive reform” to existing data protection law, which would regulate how online service companies are allowed to keep information on their customers. Right now, anyone who cares about European tech issues has their eye on this ongoing legislation as it makes its way through various Brussels bodies. The legislation is not expected to take effect until 2016.
And by all accounts, lobbying pressure from American government representatives and their corporate allies is intensifying at an unprecedented level as the draft amendments for data protection reform make their way through various committees pushing to strengthen what the European Commission has proposed. One economic officer in the US Foreign Service even commented this week (Google Translate) that the current reform draft could "instigate a trade war" with the US.
Some European legislators don't mind the attention. “With this regulation, we really try to impact the US debate,” said Jan Philip Albrecht, a Green Party member of the European Parliament (MEP) from northern Germany. They hope that the entire parliament will vote on the reforms before the next European Parliamentary election in June 2014.
Albrecht is the “rapporteur,” or parliamentary liaison between their Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice, and Home Affairs (LIBE) and the European Commission on this issue. Albrecht acknowledged that American tech companies like Google, Facebook, Microsoft, Apple, Amazon, and others would be among the most directly affected should these new reforms that they have proposed take effect.
“[Of course, reform isn't affecting the US] directly, but we hope that there would be a debate in the US about if it could be a good example for the US to follow,” they added.
In this case, a new regulation would offer major improvements over current law. The data protection reforms as proposed by the Commission would consolidate existing data protection rules, would require data breach notification within 24 hours, and would include a “right to be forgotten,” allowing citizens to “delete their data if there are no legitimate grounds for retaining it.”
At present, the data protection reform bill could also make data portability easier—moving data from LinkedIn to Facebook—and it could impose new fines of between 1 and 4 percent of global revenues for companies that violate the EU's rules.
At present, tech companies doing business across the EU must pay attention to the rules in all of the 27 member states (soon to be 28, when Croatia accedes to the union later this year). Commissioner Reding has stated that allowing companies to deal with the data protection authority in the main EU country where they have their establishment would collectively save businesses around €2.3 billion ($3.1 billion) a year. In the case of Facebook, for example, that would be Ireland, where the company has declared its international headquarters.
Control over personal data
This month, MEP Albrecht published their draft response to the Commission's proposal—and that's certainly ruffled some feathers.
Here's one of the most noteworthy additions that they put forth in their 215-page draft (PDF) expanding on what the Commission had initially proposed:
The right to the protection of personal data is based on the right of the data subject to exert the control over the personal data that are being processed. To this end the data subject should be granted clear and unambiguous rights to the provision of transparent, clear and easily understandable information regarding the processing of their or their personal data, the right of access, rectification and erasure of their personal data, the right to data portability and the right to object to profiling. Moreover the data subject should have also the right to lodge a complaint with regard to the processing of personal data by a controller or processor with the competent data protection authority and to bring legal proceedings in order to enforce their or their rights as well as the right to compensation and damages resulting of an unlawful processing operation or from an action incompatible with this Regulation. The provisions of this Regulation should strengthen, clarify, guarantee and where appropriate, codify those rights.
Beyond their formal response, the 30-year-old German legislator has endorsed a new petition (the “Brussels Declaration”) from civil liberties groups, digital rights associations, and many of Europe's technorati.
“We are outraged, because we, the citizens, are now kept in hundreds of databases, mostly without our knowledge or consent,” the petition thunders. “Over 1,200 companies specialize in trading our personal data, mostly without our knowledge or consent, every time we browse the Internet over 50 companies now monitor every click, mostly without our knowledge or consent, we are constantly being categorized and judged by algorithms and then treated according to the ‘perceived value' we may or may not bring to business without our knowledge and consent, and lobbying is currently replacing European citizens' voices and manifest concerns.”
Signatories to the petition include groups like Bits of Freedom (Netherlands), Electronic Privacy and Information Center (USA), European Digital Rights, Privacy International (UK), the Chaos Computer Club (Germany), La Quadrature du Net (France), and well-known European activists, including Smári McCarthy (Iceland), and Max Schrems (Austria), whom Ars profiled last year.
Pirate-by-proxy
While it may seem surprising that a Green Party MEP is spearheading the parliamentary response to the data protection reform, that doesn't surprise the European Parliament's eldest and one of its most-respected tech-savvy MEPs: Christian Engström, a Pirate Party member from Sweden who was elected to the body in 2009.
“I would consider [Albrecht] as a Pirate,” they told Ars from their Brussels office. “I recognize a Pirate when I see one.”
The Pirate Party, easily Europe's smartest party on tech issues, has had some headway in Sweden, Germany, Switzerland and a handful of other European states (and a little bit in the United States). But it has struggled in recent months as its political novelty seems to have worn off a bit.
Engström made the case that the Pirate Party is in a similar position to where the Greens were 40 years ago—representing a fairly fringe area of policy but pressuring other, larger parties to carve out their own position. “If we want anything to happen, the Pirates are not going to get a majority in any parliament in the world,” they observed. “It's sad, but it's a fact of life. If we want positive legislations we want people to copy our ideas, but we're Pirates, so copying is good.”
For the moment, there are only two Pirates (Engström and their 25-year-old colleague, Amelia Andersdotter, who is also from Sweden) out of the entire 753-member body—less than one percent of the entire EU parliament.
But Engström says that being part of the liberal parliamentary group, The Greens-European Free Alliance, may help their views be heard by a wider audience. “Now we're in the Green group, to adopt the Pirate Party, [so we're] up to 7 percent,” they said with a grin.
Andersdotter is also causing quite a stir as the youngest member of the entire European Parliament. Plus, they have created their own reality Web series, dubbed “#exile6e,” named after the section of the parliamentary staff offices where they and their entourage are located, separated from Engström.
An episode published 11 days ago, entitled “Data Protection,” shows Andersdotter working the minutiae of legislative life—from hand-signing documents 224 times to speaking on data protection in the council chambers. Both Andersdotter and Engström sit on the secondary committees that are consulting on the data protection reform process, and they seem to have full confidence that their views will be represented as the process advances.
Washington fires back
Established industry has been equally forceful in its opposition. Erika Mann, a former 15-year MEP also from Germany who is now the head of Facebook's Brussels-based policy office, told the media earlier this month that their employer was "concerned that some aspects of the report do not support a flourishing European Digital Single Market and the reality of innovation on the Internet."
Eduardo Ustaran, a London-based attorney and head of the privacy and information law group at Field Fisher Waterhouse, warned recently that as-is, proposed legislation could mean the end of free online services like Facebook and Gmail.
"If they weren't able to use your data in the way that is profitable or useful for them for advertising purposes, then either the user has to pay for it or stop using the service," they told ZDNet this month.
But it's more than just the industry that's upset. American officials are making their voices heard in Brussels and other European capitals.
Just 10 days ago, Stockholm hosted a “data protection debate,” with many speakers from the American government, including the Chamber of Commerce and the American Chamber of Commerce in the EU, and industry officials, all of whom are expressing deep concern that Brussels may force substantial changes to tech companies' business models. The Stockholm debate was one of “10 other data protection events” held across the EU.
This week, John Rodgers, an economic officer in the US Foreign Service, spoke in Berlin (Google Translate), noting that a vast right to delete such personal information was not technically feasible and would pose a huge problem for all globally minded companies. Most surprisingly, Rodgers warned that the data protection reform as currently conceived could “instigate a trade war.”
According to reporting by the German tech news site, Heise Online, Rodgers reminded the crowd that American and European laws have very different standards when it comes to data protection. "We have the right to privacy in our constitution, which, however, represents no fundamental right to privacy," they noted.
Even earlier, back in early December 2012, the American ambassador to the European Union, William Kennard, expressed concern at a Brussels conference that Americans and American companies would be adversely affected if proposed EU data protection reforms go through as-is.
“Both the proposed regulation and the proposed directive address the transfer of personal data to third countries and international organizations, providing that an ‘adequacy' determination by the Commission would be the primary means of efficiently and effectively exchanging data and information,” they warned.
“As currently drafted, the criteria to be considered by the Commission in making such an ‘adequacy' determination would include comparisons to a European-style system of data protection. The provisions do not recognize the existence of privacy protection systems that are structured differently but ensure an equally high level of protection and enforcement, like those in the United States.”
Outside observers say that they are shocked with the level of attention that Americans have paid to this legislative process.
“Nothing, not even ACTA, caused the US to lobby on this scale in Brussels,” said Joe McNamee, of European Digital Rights (EDRI), in an e-mail to Ars. “What is even more surprising is that demonstrably false arguments are sometimes being used, undermining the excellent reputation for professionalism that the US representatives have always had. This is damage that won't easily be undone.”
For the moment though, the European Parliament's digital caucus—through its Pirate, Green, and other members—remain optimistic that their counterparts from other countries and other parties are becoming increasingly aware of their interests.
“In the long run, technology wins over politics,” Engström said.
Since its first diagnosis in 1985, Malawi has come a long way in the struggle to overcome HIV/Aids. At least 10 percent of the country's population has HIV. In 2013, some 48,000 people in this country of 16 million died from HIV-related illnesses. But experts across the board agree that the country, nestled deep in southern Africa, has made significant progress.
According to UNAIDS, there has been a reduction in new infections. Malawi's treatment programme, which began in 2004, has reportedly saved 260,000 lives. Crucially, it has seen a 67 percent reduction in the number of children acquiring HIV, the biggest success story across all sub-Saharan nations
But the story is far from over. Women and girls, sex workers and men who have sex with men are still very vulnerable. Moreover, young people account for 50 percent of new infections.
Ahead of the 21st International Aids Conference in Durban, South Africa, Al Jazeera spoke to Peter Kumpalume, Malawi's minister of health, in Lilongwe.
Al Jazeera: Malawi has managed to reduce new infections as well as the number of people dying from HIV. How has it done this?
Peter Kampalume: We have had a very high infection rate. I think at some point it was estimated to be around 25 percent but we have managed to reduce it to about 10 percent.
It's been hanging around there for some time and, indeed, we have reduced the infection rate significantly to about 40,000 a year.
How have we done that? I think in two ways.
Number one: there has been a concerted effort from government and civil society organisations to sensitise the people about the decisions they make. So the messages have been going out loud and clear.
The second aspect of it, of course, is the availability of medicines.
Al Jazeera: So would you say this success has been a result of better information and education?
PK: I think the prevention aspect has worked significantly better than the curing or treatment aspect. Because of the messages there has been a behaviour change. There is no question about it.
For instance, the vast majority of reasonable people would not go out on the streets and sleep with prostitutes without protection. There would still be some risk-takers; you always have those in society. But also I think generally people have been cautious in starting new relationships.
Al Jazeera: Why are urban Malawians disproportionately affected by HIV?
PK: I think there are two reasons. In any country where you have more people in one area, if there is going to be an epidemic, it is likely to affect those people more than those people that are scattered.
Then, if you go back to the 1960s, when we had some kind of revolution, particularly in Western cultures, where we had, let's call it "loose morals" from the Western perspective. And that has properly expanded in the 1960s and 1970s and because of globalisation and because of TV and so on, people kind of copied Western mentalities and the first people that tend to embrace globalisation and liberalisation, as they call it, are urban people and not so much the village people.
So the risky behaviours - if I may put it that way - are more pronounced in urban areas than in the rural areas. And as a result the infection rate has been higher in the urban areas than in the rural areas.
Al Jazeera: If this "risky behaviour" was copied from the West, why do you think the developed world hasn't been as affected by HIV/Aids as the developing world?
PK: I think to an extent it is information. We know that HIV was first manifested in Western countries. But the precautions, the information went out faster to people, and people generally adhered to the messages. But also you need the critical mass of infections in order for it to become an epidemic. I guess they never went through the phases that we, particularly in sub-Saharan Africa, have experienced with HIV/Aids. That would be my explanation: information went out faster in those countries. Also, we kind of lived in denial for some time; it took us time to accept that this was a problem and we needed to do something about it.
Another aspect was that, again, we just didn't have the money to combat it. So people were just dying, or if you like, spreading the virus to other people.
Al Jazeera: Why was sub-Saharan Africa more affected than other regions?
PK: I think what we need to understand is that there are several factors that have necessitated the spread of HIV, particularly in sub-Saharan Africa more than in other places.
Now, generally, if you look at the figures globally, it is actually the developing nations that are disproportionately affected by HIV/Aids.
So could it be nutrition? That because HIV attacks the immune system and if you are malnourished, it's going to manifest itself more than it would have if you were well nourished. That's a possibility and that could be one of the contributing factors as to why particularly sub-Saharan Africa was affected the most. This is where most poor people live, after all.
It is pretty difficult to know with certainty that this is the main reason.
The leading factors are information, cultural practices, nutrition and, of course, the availability of medicines. Those all contribute towards the disparities that we observe between the developing nations and the developed nations.
How can we handle something of this sort in future? We have to remember one thing, that the world is becoming smaller and smaller. So a problem in one part of the world is a problem for all. The days where we would say: "Oh, that's an African problem," or "Oh, that's a European problem," and so on, are all gone.
Al Jazeera: Women and young people are still most at risk of contracting HIV in Malawi. Is it an issue of power?
PK: I know that it may be a big issue in other parts of the world, say other developing nations, but not so much here. So if you look at the behaviours, we do know that in some instances there will be some issues where a man doesn't want to use a condom, and the woman may find it difficult to persuade them otherwise. With education there has been a significant change in mindsets.
I am not saying that the issue does not exist in Malawi but I think it's not as big a problem as you would find in other parts of the world, particularly in sub-Saharan Africa.
The vast majority [of new infections] is related to risky behaviours of both males and females.
Al Jazeera: But women are most at risk.
PK: Yes, but the driver for infections among the 15 to 29-year-old group is not related to power dynamics. This is just the risky behaviours of young people. There is always a vicious cycle between men in their late 20s and young girls and so on and so on. So it's not about power dynamics in the family setting. That's not the driver, the driver is completely different.
Al Jazeera: But Malawi has significant difficulties with regard to family planning.
PK: We have done significantly well in Malawi, in terms of convincing both husbands and wives in terms of reducing the number of children. So, for example, five years ago an average family in Malawi was six children, today the statistics say it is about four children per family.
I think to an extent, education is key. If you look at the number of children that educated people have in Malawi, it is about two on average.
Al Jazeera: How difficult is it as the department of health to manage a pandemic like HIV when so many Malawians are moving around sub-Saharan Africa? So many Malawians are working in South Africa, Zambia, Zimbabwe - countries that have been hit hard by the virus.
PK: I think to an extent we need a global solution to the problem. We cannot have a system where medicines are available here and when that person goes to another country, they don't have access to Aids or TB medicines.
If we don't have this kind of cross-border understanding and methods of targeting HIV/Aids, we would basically be at the mercy of the behaviour of the people and we know that willpower alone is not the most reliable means of controlling the spread of HIV.
So we need to make sure that as a global village - particularly in southern Africa - that we come together and agree on modalities on how we can help patients irrespective of where they come from.
Al Jazeera: how successful have you been in convincing a country like South Africa to have a process or a policy of universal healthcare for a regional block?
PK: I don't think that it would be fair for universal health coverage for all. Because you have got to remember that health coverage comes from taxes, from the people, and it's not fair to ask a particular country to increase their health budget because they have foreigners in that country. That's not the way to do it. The fight against HIV/Aids is being driven by UNAIDS through the funds that every country accesses globally.
The solution has to come from that. We need to put aside money to treat people with HIV across borders.
Al Jazeera: Malawi is reliant on foreign funding. Just under 70 percent of your treatment programmes are funded from overseas. How much longer will that continue?
KP: Well as long as we have got the will of the friends that keep on helping us, yes it is sustainable. But that's not how we should plan it nationally.
You cannot rely on the neighbour to keep on providing sugar and salt for your household. So we are in a programme of setting up new modalities of funds for health that should generate extra resources.
Al Jazeera: You have managed to improve life expectancy. But are people's lives better as well as longer?
PK: It is important to make sure that the quality of life is as good as the length of one's life. That's what we hope to do. Of course, the alternative is still worse. What tends to happen is that when a mother or a father dies, the young children are raised either by their uncles, aunties or their grandparents. Because their grandparents are not young enough to work, the quality of life, both of the grandparents and the children, becomes very poor.
So if we don't treat people, we end up pushing people into a life of poverty.
So this is the reason we think that "test and treat" is a good alternative. It's not just that it gives people long life but it also means we can save those still in their prime.
This interview has been edited for brevity and clarity.
Follow Azad Essa on Twitter @azadessa for comprehensive coverage of #AIDS2016
Ain't It Cool News lost a number of veteran contributors after allegations of assault surfaced against the founder over the weekend.
The Alamo Drafthouse is severing all ties with Harry Knowles in the wake sexual assault allegations against the Ain't It Cool News founder.
Drafthouse CEO Tim League, already reeling from the Devin Faraci scandal, released a statement on Monday night which said the company had "severed all ties with Harry Knowles and they are no longer affiliated with the company in any capacity."
League added that the company was "striving to better respond to allegations of sexual assault and harassment, and will take actions so those who work at the theater or attend as a guest are not made to feel unsafe."
Knowles, who along with League co-founded the wildly popular Fantastic Fest genre film event, was accused over the weekend of sexual assault by a former Drafthouse employee Jasmine Baker. “Harry Knowles groped me, opportunistically, on more than one occasion,” Baker told Indiewire. “I cannot just stay silent. I am not interested in remaining silent.”
After the allegations came to light, a number of veteran Ain't It Cool News contributors including Eric Vespe said they were leaving the company.
For League, the Knowles controversy comes a week after Drafthouse came under huge public criticism for quietly rehiring former Birth.Movies.Death editor Faraci, who left the company last year after allegations of assaulting a woman several years ago. League had rehired Faraci in a copywriting capacity in order to give the blogger a "second chance" but the revelation led to a backlash and a social media-led boycott.
Faraci stepped away from Drafthouse for the second time and League apologized.
Read League's full letter below:
I've been reflecting on twenty years of decisions as a business owner. In the early days, Karrie and I conferred on all tough decisions, and we always tried to do the right thing. To this day, the core value of the company is just that, the simple principle to always “do the right thing.” Recent perspective has made it clear that we didn't always do the right thing, despite what we thought were good intentions. To the women we have let down, Karrie and I both sincerely apologize.
We're now a big company with over 4,500 employees. We have over a million guests come through our doors every month. Now we have a great HR team and are a vastly better company than we were in the mom-and-pop days.
I'm currently writing this update from a hotel room in Kansas City. As many of you know, I decided to skip Fantastic Fest this year. I feel that the most important thing I can do right now is to travel to all of our theaters, talk with our staff and listen. I've hosted 12 sessions so far and there are many more scheduled for the next three weeks all over the country. As much as I'd like to be at the event, I need to be with our staff and lead a positive path forward for the company.
On the festival front, in light of recent events and feedback we have gotten over the last few days, we have taken some first steps on the path to listening and ensuring that we create a safe, inclusive environment for our staff at both the theater and the festival as well as the community at large. I'll be sharing more about this in the days and weeks to come.
Moving forward, we have severed all ties with Harry Knowles and they are no longer affiliated with the company in any capacity. We are striving to better respond to allegations of sexual assault and harassment, and will take actions so those who work at the theater or attend as a guest are not made to feel unsafe.
The festival is actively working on building out a new Board of Directors whose focus will be to further enhance and refine the experience of the festival; nurture and provide more opportunities for young genre filmmakers; and provide the best, most open and inclusive environment for this unique film community. This board will be run by the festival's Executive Director, Kristen Bell, and should be finalized and announced shortly.
The festival team has spent the last five days talking to badgeholders and gathering feedback on ways the festival can be better. We've made real-time changes to the festival this year and will also be sending out a post-event survey to all badgeholders to collect further feedback on how we should improve and grow. We greatly appreciate all the feedback we have received so far, both positive and negative, as it continues to give us a wider, better perspective on the future of the festival.
At the festival and at the theater, we are committed to providing a safe and welcoming environment for all of our staff and guests, and I am committed to the work ahead to ensure that goal.
The physical damage the United States inflicted on a Syrian air base last week wasn't extensive, but there are significant repercussions.
The United States said it launched the April 7 attack — its first ever in Russian-dominated airspace — because just days before an Su-22 aircraft from the base had dropped chemical warfare bombs on the Syrian town of Khan Sheikhoun, killing civilians, including many children.
The Syrian gas attack ostensibly was targeting rebel opponents of the regime of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad in a civil war that has lasted more than six years. The April 4 bombing killed dozens of people and injured hundreds more. Syria denies it used chemical weapons in the attack.
Two US Navy destroyers deployed in the eastern Mediterranean Sea hit Syria's Shayrat air base with 59 BGM-109 Tomahawk cruise missiles. Reports said the missiles hit about 20 aircraft on the ground, some hardened aircraft shelters, maintenance facilities and an ammunition depot.
Russia immediately reported that only 23 out of 59 missiles had hit their targets, and that in less than 24 hours, planes taking off from Shayrat were again bombing Khan Sheikhoun.
Turkey, Israel and Saudi Arabia were pleased with the US operation, while Russia, Iran and North Korea protested it. China remained quiet. This apparently cosmetic attack, which for the time being appears to be a one-off, doesn't affect the tactical picture on the ground. It's also too early to say that the United States has shelved its priority of eliminating the Islamic State (IS) and shifted its attention to removing Assad from power. That shift could be a possibility if we see a second or even third wave of US attacks on targets west of the Euphrates River, in areas with Russian air superiority or on Damascus.
As for US President Donald Trump, they succeeded in launching an operation that then-President Barack Obama couldn't manage at Ghouta in 2013, and in a way reminded the world they have options beyond their 140-character tweets. With this attack, Trump scored a number of points:
This was a good move toward boosting their decreasing domestic approval ratings, obtaining enormous media coverage and building the strong profile they cherish.
Trump could have struck the strategic headquarters of Assad or Damascus directly for heavier punishment but did not.
The attack could help the United States reassert its influence in Syria and the region and recover the initiative it had ceded to Russia west of the Euphrates.
Russia was reminded of US military superiority in the region despite the sophisticated S-400 air-defense system Russia had deployed. No doubt Iran and North Korea were duly reminded as well.
According to defense analyst Arda Mevlutoglu, Tomahawk missiles have been the vanguards of US military intervention in nearly all diplomatic crises since 1991 and are known as “punisher” systems. “Findings indicate that the Assad regime had actually carried out a chemical attack. The United States — with its attack — punished the Assad regime but also made it difficult for Russia to claim freedom of action in Syrian airspace,” Mevlutoglu told Al-Monitor.
A day before the US attack, Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan had said, “If there is actually an action, we are ready to do our part.” Afterward, Erdoğan said, “The attack is a positive step but not enough.”
In addition to skyrocketing Ankara's expectations for toppling Assad — something that has been off the agenda for the past year — the US action also gave Turkey hope for strengthening the Sunni opposition and establishing an Idlib-centered no-fly zone.
Many in Ankara believe that the US attack created a new balance to the detriment of the Russia-Iran-Assad bloc. Although it's not voiced openly, some in Ankara feel that this attack could help dilute US dependence on fighters in the Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG) — something Turkey has longed for.
However, Ankara put out an unnecessarily hasty statement saying it would provide all types of support for the US attack. It could find itself sandwiched between Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin. This is a time when Turkey should avoid U-turns. There is still the question of whether Turkey will align with Trump or with Putin in the post-IS period and during Syria's reconstruction. Ankara's policies should be more level-headed, cool and based on field developments.
There is a struggle for power between Russia and the United States over the future of Syria, and Turkey is stumbling back and forth between the two.
Ankara is sometimes extremely pro-Washington and sometimes pro-Moscow. That could lead to Turkey being perceived as an inconsistent, unpredictable and therefore unreliable player. Foreign policy should be based on well-thought-out, solid principles — not impulsive reactions.
Turkey's offer of unconditional support wasn't a good move; it could raise serious questions with Damascus and Russia. At the least, Turkey could have negotiated with the United States for something in return before making such a rash statement. This also brings back the image that Turkey is actually still pursuing the departure of Assad, an aim Russia hoped Ankara had dropped to prioritize the fight against IS.
One significant Russian reaction to the US attack was to suspend the communications agreement between the Russian Defense Ministry and the US Department of Defense to ensure the safety of air operations. Russia's decision will definitely affect Turkey. With its occasional flights over northern Syria and because it still has about 1,000 soldiers there, Turkey is compelled to coordinate the safety of its troops with both the United States and Russia.
So far it appears that Trump, in their third month in the White House, has put themselves on the record as a US president who will not hesitate to use force.
A long, tangible tension in US-Russia relations over Syria seems very likely. Trump sent a message to Russia that it can't single-handedly impose its will in the Middle East. Even Turkey, which until a week ago appeared to be pro-Moscow, rather hastily changed gears and lined up with Washington.
Has Turkey made a mistake by so precipitately lining up with Washington and reverting to its “Assad must go” doctrine? Will Turkey's animosity toward Assad trigger new tensions with Russia? How will calling off the coordination and communication between the United States and Russia in Syrian airspace affect Turkey's operations?
I don't think we'll have to wait long to find the answers.
CLOSE The scene of the fatal incident at Gap Inc. in Fishkill. Alex Wagner/Poughkeepsie Journal
Steel beam pierces cab of excavator
Heavy equipment is seen outside of the Gap Inc. distribution center in Fishkill on Saturday, Dec. 10, 2016. (Photo: Alex H. Wagner/Poughkeepsie Journal)
FISHKILL - An operator of an excavator at the Gap Inc. distribution center died Saturday after a piece of steel beam and tin pierced the cab, according to state police.
The operator of the Komatsu excavator was pronounced dead at the scene.
The machine operator's name is being withheld pending notification to their next of kin.
The incident happened around 2:38 p.m. in the area of where demolition work was being performed following an Aug. 29 fire that destroyed Building 100, a 1.3 million-square-foot facility.
Gap spokesperson Debbie Felix said in a statement that the company was sad to hear the "tragic" news.
“We were truly saddened to learn about the tragic loss of a construction contractor at our distribution center in Fishkill today," they said. "We want to extend our deepest sympathies to the individual's family, friends and fellow crew members.”
The operator worked for Environmental Remediation Services Inc. of Syracuse, according to state police.
The company had been subcontracted by Clayco Contractors of Chicago, which has been contracted to do the demolition and rebuild work.
The company has been working at the Gap site since November 16, police said.
State police and the federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives determined the fire had been set intentionally.
ATF and Gap have offered $7,500 each in reward money for information leading to the arrest and conviction of the person or people responsible.
John Ferro: 845-437-4816; jferro@poughkeepsiejournal.com; Twitter: @PoJoEnviro
Providing tips
Anyone with information about the fire should contact ATF at 1-888-ATF-FIRE (888-283-3473), email ATFTips@atf.gov, or contact ATF through its web site at www.atf.gov/contact/atf-tips. Tips may also be submitted to ATF through the ReportIt app, available on both Google Play and the Apple App Store, or by visiting www.reportit.com. All tips will be kept confidential.
Read or Share this story: http://pojonews.co/2hylYXX
Federal prosecutors in Los Angeles have dropped their criminal investigation into Angelo R. Mozilo, the former chief executive of Countrywide Financial, once the nation's largest mortgage lender, according to a person with direct knowledge of the investigation.
The closure of the case after two years of inquiry follows last October's settlement by Mr. Mozilo of insider trading allegations made by the Securities and Exchange Commission. Regulators had contended that Mr. Mozilo sold $140 million in Countrywide stock between 2006 and 2007 even as they recognized that their company was faltering. Countrywide and Bank of America paid $45 million of Mr. Mozilo's $67.5 million settlement, and they were responsible for the rest.
Without admitting or denying wrongdoing, Mr. Mozilo agreed to be banned from serving as an officer or a director of a public company.
The conclusion by prosecutors that Mr. Mozilo, 72, did not engage in criminal conduct while directing Countrywide will likely fuel broad concerns that few high-level executives of financial companies are being held accountable for the actions that led to the financial crisis of 2008.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Hundreds of billions of dollars have been lost by investors while millions of borrowers have lost their homes. Few of the people who ran the institutions that contributed to the disaster have been found liable.
Patience is a virtue.
But resilience is underrated.
A little under a year ago I was working my nine to five job as a teacher when I wanted to take a break from grading papers. So I did what any bored teacher would do in my situation and jumped on my phone. I just had gotten into a popular tabletop game with friends and wanted to download a similar game as I still had the itch to play something like it.
So I searched the app store high and low for a game to get my fix in. A thinking man's turn based game that was fully 3D and based on movement and positioning. Something sci-fi and with a deep customization system as I like choosing what I can bring into a battle. Something fun and rewarding as I love games where I can pull victory out from the jaws of defeat. So I looked. Again and again but found nothing like I wanted. I fired up Google and searched on the internet, but was dumbfounded that no such tactics game like I wanted to play existed. “That sucks.” I thought and went back to grading papers for the rest of my free period.
But why the hell did that game not exist? To me it seemed like a tabletop styled tactics game would be a perfect fit for a mobile phones. The games I play with my friends were fun, but also bogged own by dice rolls. An app that took care of that for me could play out a match pretty quickly and allow the player to focus on just playing the game. Sure there were some similar games out there, but they were often super simplified, played out on a 2-d checkerboard, or were a tactics game disguised as an RPG or base builder. Mobile Strike? Mobile Ugh.
There's an old saying everybody knows that if you want something done right, you need to do it yourself. Sure I've never dreamed of making a video game before and didn't even know where to start, but why let those small details stop me? Within days I was writing out what would soon become REDLINE.
From the start, the game was centered on cool ass robots running around and blowing each other up over 3D terrain. Each one was to be fully customizable with a massive array of weapons. sensors and even pilots! Big explosions! Weapon combos, deep strategy, intuitive swipe based controls, and an engaging setting with bright colorful graphics. Throw it all in. This game was gonna be awesome!
The one little problem as I mentioned was I had no idea how to program. Dammit Jim, I went to school to become a history teacher not a game developer! Despite my complete lack of game development education I jumped into the game designer pool with both feet first and learned to swim along the way. Through the strength of the game's ideas, a bunch of talented coders and artists were recruited to help make REDLINE. I'm forever thankful for them as they invested a ton of imagination and energy early on into creating the game's look and feel. We busted ass and in two months had created a playable game demo from scratch. With dreams of dollar bills in our eyes, we proudly took our work to Kickstarter. The hope was an injection of crowdsourced funds would help the game stay on its breakneck development pace and hit the market in short order.
REALITY CHECK
And then our Kickstarter failed.
Spectacularly and impressively, it fell into the large heap of Kickstarter projects that fail to fund of which I'm sure you could pile up to the Moon and back if you wanted. There are many reasons why it did, which I'm sure I'll write about at a later date, but failing at something you worked so hard on and were so proud of is quite a severe kick to the balls. We did get a lot of good feedback from the Kickstarter campaign, both positive and negative so it was helpful, but in the end, REDLINE simply wasn't ready. Afterwards, I tried to keep my chin up, said all the right things that the game was still on track and moving forward, but the fire in my belly was out, as was the team's. After that two month crash course of development we were spent.
As a result, in the weeks and months afterwards, REDLINE lingered in pre-development hell. We refined the game a bit. Maps were improved, movement and combat were toyed with, but the progress came in small increments of one step forward and two steps back. One big issue was the creation of the proper servers that could handle the game's workload. Sadly, to make matters worse, I just wasn't as focused on the project as I needed to be and the game suffered greatly from it. The thought came up many times to move on, as the game had become my own personal version of the classic movie, A Bridge Too Far. Game development is HARD after all. Who knew?
Failing at something you've dedicated yourself to is a humbling and lowly experience. We've all been there before and I don't have to tell you, it's not a fun place to be.
Thankfully, stubbornness and ignorance are qualities I've always had in spades. REDLINE had too much potential to abandon, the concept was still strong I felt, and on top of it all, there STILL WASN'T an equivalent game anywhere on the app store for what I wanted to play in the first place.
EVERYTHING HAPPENS FOR A REASON
Though the game had stalled out in development hell, and stalled out hard, it was harder for me to walk away from it than to keep going. A trick writers often use when they encounter writer's block is to take a break from their work for a significant amount of time only to come back to it with fresh eyes.
That's exactly what happened with REDLINE. The first thing that needed to be done was to rebuild the development team that had eroded in the prior months. The internet is full of talented coders and artists hungry to make a name for themselves and I was lucky to find a core group of great guys for REDLINE version 2.0. We took a long hard look at the combat system and redesigned it to flow faster while still keeping the strategy and tactics firmly in place we wanted from the start. We amped up the unit customization system which is something that I'm really proud of. (its gonna be way cool) And we're expanding the number of units in the game to give players more choices when it comes to how they want to play. Most importantly, instead of racing for a successful Kickstarter again, we've learned our lesson and are prepared to make the game fully on our own without outside funds and at our own pace.
Numerous other small changes were made during the REDLINE redesign and the end result is the game not only plays, but looks better than ever before.
So REDLINE is back, and it's gonna be better than ever. Make no mistake, the game still has a long way to go in its development, but I'm confident in the work we have ahead. We're already well on our way and I can't wait to share more of the game with you in the coming weeks and months ahead.
Starting a large project, be it making an indie video game, writing a novel or starting a company is a difficult and long process. As are most things in life, the deck is stacked against you from the start as time, money and resources are always in short supply why the naysayers sadly are not. Coming up compelling ideas isn't as easy it seems. Finding right help and supporters is a trial and error process but essential since there isn't much you can truly do on your own. The highs of seeing your ideas finally come to life are exhilarating. Conversely, the lows that come from setbacks rearing their ugly head,and there are always setbacks, can be crushing. Putting yourself out there to the public is essential but also nerve wracking.
The one piece of advice I can give to anybody working on something worthwhile is a simple cliche you've heard before a thousand times. NEVER GIVE UP.
Or as I personally have come to see it, “Losers quit when the fail, winners fail until they succeed.”
Which leads me to the point of this article. Point blank, once again, we're aiming to put REDLINE back into the public's view. We've tried before and failed, but we're back at it again because they team strongly feels this is a game worth making and we're gonna dedicate ourselves to making an awesome game worth the time to play. But beyond that and anything else I write, I want you to walk away from this article knowing that it is ok to fail. I tell my students all the time that “fail” is not a four-letter word and there is no reason to be afraid of it. Only through mistakes can we ever truly learn and grow. I hope REDLINE's journey is proof that with limited resources at your disposal and the proper resilient mindset, you can do crazy things. Like develop a video game out of the blue on a whim one day.
These days as I've learned, developing that independent video game these days is an incredibly sustained and daunting task. One thing that's essential from the start is that you must build a large fan following around your property to help share in the hype and spread awareness of what you're trying to make.
If a tree falls in the forest and nobody is around to hear it, does it make a sound? Personally I have no idea as I've never not, not been in the woods to see. But that's not the point. The point is, you cram that forest with as many people as possible so that if that tree falls you'll never even notice as everybody is too busy blowing each other up playing REDLINE on their mobile devices to care.
So welcome to the forest. I hope you stick around as I promise it'll be worth it as I'll be posting weekly updates to the website with news on REDLINE's development and progress. And, If you haven't already, check out our Facebook page for fun content and news on REDLINE as well as our Instagram and Twitter accounts. We even have an email list if you'd like to enlist in the REDLINE Army to make sure you never miss out on the latest news, screenshots, concept art, and information on REDLINE.
Thanks for reading! Next week I'll be back with an in-depth look at some of the games that I love to play and how they inspired REDLINE.
Until then, keep taking the hits that life throws your way.
Related
CLOSE Angie's List is dropping its paywall for customer reviews in an effort to foster profitability for the struggling home-service review provider. (Dwight Adams/IndyStar) Wochit
Buy Photo Angie's List co-founder Angie Hicks is shown during an interview on Angie's List's corporate headquarters campus on East Washington Street in Indianapolis on Monday, Feb. 23, 2015. (Photo: Charlie Nye / The Star)Buy Photo
Angie's List is dropping its paywall for customer reviews in an effort to foster profitability for the struggling home-service review provider.
The Indianapolis-based company, which made the announcement today to shareholders, said it will offer three tiers of service to customers. The first tier will be free.
Lowering the paywall for consumer reviews and offering premium services at a cost will help Angie's List's grow its profits, said Scott Durchslag, Angie's List president and chief executive officer.
“We get over 100 million visitors to the site every year, but about 90 percent of them are bouncing off the paywall,” they said.
The paywall will be lowered some time this summer.
The web traffic generated by the additional visitors will be monetized by the company, which can use it to generate digital information for service providers.
“Our big challenge is to show revenue growth accelerating,” Durchslag said, adding that most millennial homeowners will not pay for consumer reviews.
Angie's List recently recorded its first year of profitability, but its fourth-quarter earnings were disappointing to Wall Street.
Call IndyStar reporter Kris Turner at (317) 444-6047. Follow them on Twitter: @krisnturner.
Read or Share this story: http://indy.st/1oRB7a4
by Stephen Beaumont
In an article for the Globe and Mail on July 6, Ben Johnson asks the question of whether so-called ‘contract breweries,' which is to say companies that hire the facilities and sometimes the brewers of other breweries to make their beer for them, should be deemed ‘legitimate' craft brewing companies. To fuel the conversation, they invite Shehan De Silva, founder of the contract brewer Lost Craft, and Jason Fisher, the ever-garrulous proprietor of Toronto's Indie Alehouse, to make their cases for and against.
It is a spirited debate, albeit one unfortunately restricted by word count. (Johnson has promised to continue the discussion on their blog.) What is left unanswered, however, or even unasked, is whether the public actually cares one way or another. Or, for that matter, whether or not they should care.
One of the many things I have learned over the course of my 27 years covering the beer biz is that brewers, brewery owners and managers and die-hard beer aficionados care deeply about issues that worry the average beer consumer not a whit. Concerned about the viability of the word ‘craft?' Jane Drinker doesn't care. Upset that Beer X is misrepresenting its style? Joe Imbiber isn't fussed one way or the other. Angry because contract breweries are less ‘legitimate' than bricks-and-mortar breweries? Joe and Jane both just looked at you as if you're crazy.
Which is not the same as declaring that they are right not to care. Cast your gaze internationally and you will find that contract brewing has been a boon to some markets and a decided detriment to others. The world's largest new-era craft brewery, Samuel Adams creator Boston Beer Company, began life as a contract brewer and continued largely as such during a time in the United States when such activity was common and actually helped along the industry by utilizing excess capacity at breweries that might otherwise be struggling. The practice fell out of favour over time, however, as many struggling and high-profile contracting firms denigrated the market with beer of questionable quality, at one point inspiring the Wall Street Journal to declare the end of microbrewing.
In New Zealand, on the other hand, a land with a small population spread over a lengthy territory, the first wave of craft brewing failed partially for a lack of contract brewing, a lesson learned by the savvier and highly contract-friendly second wave. With little or no stigma attached to contract brewing there, some of the most successful beer companies, such as Yeastie Boys and Epic, have been and continue to be producers employing the facilities of others. In Brazil, a very young market stretched over vast amounts of land, contracting and shared-use facilities are commonplace and do much to further growth.
Which leads us to where Canada sits in all of this.
In Ontario, where the industry-watch website, Ontario Beverage Network, reports there are 69 contract breweries, with 15 in the process of transitioning to physical locations, I believe that we find ourselves at the mid-point between ‘necessary' and ‘detrimental.'
On the one hand, several prominent local breweries, such as Left Field and Sawdust City, began life as contracting outfits, and contracted breweries like Cool Beer and Wellington have certainly benefited from the added business the practice has brought them. While on the other side, some rather mundane and, frankly, not too dissimilar from the mainstream craft brands threaten to dilute the market in the same fashion as did U.S. outfits like the execrable Bad Frog and better but still ultimately doomed Rhino Chasers in the 1990s.
Elsewhere in the country, contract brewing is not nearly so prevalent, and frankly may never be. Most likely to see some contract brewing are either coast, with Factory Brewing set up in Vancouver to exclusively serve the needs of contract brewers and Atlantic provinces like Newfoundland and Labrador showing the greatest market opportunity, assuming of course that drinkers begin embracing craft beer with greater enthusiasm. But contract brewing depends heavily on volume, and frankly not many places in Canada can boast the sort of volume sales that does Ontario.
In the end, there is no definitive ‘good' or ‘bad' to contract brewing, with the practice serving its purpose in some regards and not in others. One thing that is almost assured, however, is that whatever ill contracting brings to the market from the consumer perspective, it is most certainly outweighed by the detrimental effects of poor or outright flawed beer that appears on shelves from ‘legitimate' bricks-and-mortar breweries.
Martin Atkinson sent off Chelsea midfielder Nemanja Matic (third from right) during the 1-1 draw with Burnley
Martin Atkinson needs a rest after their "incompetent" officiating display in Chelsea's 1-1 draw with Burnley, says former referees' chief Keith Hackett.
Saturday's game was Atkinson's 32nd of the season and came fewer than 72 hours after they took charge of Real Madrid's Champions League win at Schalke.
Their next game in charge is Southampton against Crystal Palace on 3 March.
Hackett said: "Champions League games are tiring. Martin should have been given an additional day to recover."
Atkinson won't referee a game this weekend, but there is a shortened Premier League fixture list because of the Capital One Cup final.
However, they are fourth official at Manchester United's home game against Sunderland on Saturday.
Blues boss Jose Mourinho said Atkinson got four key decisions wrong.
Atkinson sent off Chelsea midfielder Nemanja Matic for pushing Ashley Barnes to the ground in the 70th minute of Saturday's game.
Media playback is not supported on this device Mourinho silent on four key 'moments'
But Hackett, who was head of Professional Game Match Officials Limited until 2010, said Barnes had already made two challenges worthy of red cards.
Having not been sanctioned for an aerial clash with Branislav Ivanovic, the Burnley forward caught Matic on their left shin with their studs showing, prompting the Serb's angry response.
Barnes will face no disciplinary action by the Football Association for the challenge on Matic.
The Serb will miss Sunday's Capital One Cup final against Tottenham unless Chelsea successfully appeal against a three-match suspension.
Hackett said Atkinson's performance was "one of the worst" they have seen, adding: "It was an incompetent display.
"I feel sorry for the Chelsea player because they have reacted to a leg-breaking challenge. Never mind a cup final, that could have cost them their career.
"There is no place in the game for challenges like that and it should have been punished."
Atkinson has refereed more Premier League games than any other official this season.
Hackett added: "Send Martin to a hotel somewhere, just as Liverpool did with Raheem Sterling."
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers let Sterling spend time in Jamaica last month after detecting signs of fatigue in the 20-year-old forward.
The players of the online protein-folding game Foldit (which we've reported on before) outperformed scientists by discovering the structure of a protein involved in the Mason-Pfizer monkey virus (M-PMV). The M-PMV is a retrovirus, like HIV, that causes AIDS in monkeys and apes. Understanding its structure will help researchers develop antiretroviral drugs that can fight HIV—but this has been a mystery for over a decade.
Now, with the help of groups of (generally) non-scientist players and their pattern-recognition skills, scientists from the University of Washington have joined with groups including "Foldit Contenders Group" and "Foldit Void Crushers Group" to model the crystal structure of the M-PMV retroviral protease (PR), a protein responsible for viral growth.
What exactly is protein folding, and how are gamers doing it? Our earlier article on Foldit does a great job explaining both, but I'll briefly summarize here.
Proteins consist of long chains of amino acids, molecules made up of carbon, hydrogen, oxygen, and nitrogen. Figuring out the order of the amino acids is easy, but that's only part of the story—the amino acid chain folds into complex shapes that determine the function of the protein. Due to the incredibly high number of degrees of freedom, understanding this structure is one of the hardest problems in modern science. A lot of research has focused on designing programs dedicated to solving this problem, which is mainly an energy minimization task (the correct shape is the most stable, the one with the lowest energy).
Minimization algorithms only work so well, however. The idea behind Foldit is that human pattern recognition and problem-solving skills can succeed where the algorithms fail. The group's first publication described this success; now, Foldit's players have solved an important problem related to AIDS research.
The actual protein they considered is a protease, an enzyme that cuts up other proteins In retroviruses like M-PMV and HIV. It's a necessary component of the virus' life cycle. Because of this important role, protease inhibitors have been the subject of intense drug development, and understanding the exact structure of the protease could help this effort immensely.
The Foldit players were given ten different, incorrect models as a starting place. Over the course of sixteen days, players tweaked the designs, coming up with tens of thousands of variations. Then, the breakthroughs: a player named "spvincent" came up with a structure much better than any previous iteration, and two more players ("grabhorn" and "mimi") quickly improved on it. With a few more days of work, the researchers completed the solution. Achievement unlocked, indeed.
In fact, according to the Foldit website, the research team is currently working on at least two more papers based on the game's success. One will take the recipes (sets of interactions between proteins) created by Foldit players, and compare them to those from state-of-the-art algorithms. Another describes an entirely new synthetic protein discovered with the help of Foldit.
What does the future hold for gaming-inspired citizen science? It doesn't take a huge leap of imagination to picture gold-farmers converted to protein-folders. If scientific problems can be turned into something fun and easy-to-use (like Foldit), and offer Achievements or Trophies to show off, perhaps the legions of gamers could spend their free time a bit more productively, solving important scientific problems.
Nature Structural & Molecular Biology, 2011. DOI: 10.1038/nsmb.2119 (About DOIs)
The report urged Russia to protect free speech
The murders of outspoken journalists go unsolved, independent media outlets have been shut and police have attacked opposition protesters, said the report.
It also said "arbitrary" laws were curbing the right to express opinion and silencing NGOs deemed to be a threat by the authorities.
The report comes ahead of Russian's presidential elections on 2 March.
The director of Amnesty International UK, Kate Allen, said: "The space for freedom of speech is shrinking alarmingly in Russia and it's now imperative that the Russian authorities reverse this trend."
They said dissent could be a matter of life or death in the case of outspoken journalists like Anna Politkovskaya, who was shot dead in Moscow two years ago.
The 52-page Freedom Limited report warned any opposition demonstrations could suffer heavy clampdowns in the coming days, as Amnesty said had happened in the run-up to past elections.
First Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev, whom President Putin has named their favoured successor, is expected to be elected in this Sunday's poll.
This post may contain referral/affiliate links. If you buy something, MSA may earn a commission. Read the full disclosure
Loot Crate just sent us a better look at the Loot For Them item for the January shipment:
Here's a better look at this month's Fantastic Beasts Gold Foil Scarf!
Here's first look at the closer design:
If you subscribe before January 19th at 12 PM EST – this will be your first Loot For Them item. Save 10% off any length subscription (Saves over $16 on an annual subscription), or $3 off month-to-month with coupon code ADDICTION or SAVE3
Also – check out this month's Loot Socks spoiler and Loot Tees spoiler!
Check out all of our Loot for Them reviews to learn more about this subscription!
Eric is the co-founder of My Subscription Addiction. He's been hooked on geek subscription boxes since 2012 thanks to Loot Crate and Nerd Block . Geek boxes sparked their desire for collecting Funko Pops and comic book statues!
So Google stoked the bogus ‘net neutrality' scare (directly writing legislation for the European Parliament, in one instance) which handicapped the network operators' ability to monetize their network fairly (by say launching a VoD service) ensuring that Google's own private network (exempt from neutrality rules) becomes more valuable. Neutrality was the Global Warming scare of network world. ManBearPig may not exist, but it's amazing what you can get legislated if enough people think it does.
Google has ceaselessly lobbied for spectrum reform, too. In both cases it's used sockpuppet groups such as ‘FreePress' and PublicKnowledge, and its hand-picked academic network, typically legal departments with large debts to the Chocolate Factory.
When you went into partnership with the Loompas – were you feeling lucky?
Winners and Losers
In terms of who loses and benefits I offer this short list to get you started - you can complete the rest. The first couple are easy to fill in. The first comes from the executive who offered me the autism perspective. They also reminded me that it's less than two weeks since 'the sermon' by Jonathan Rosenberg. Remind me, what's open about Google now?
Another casualty for the same reasons, is surely the Open Handset Alliance itself. It's odd to read how:
Each member of the Open Handset Alliance is strongly committed to greater openness in the mobile ecosystem. Increased openness will enable everyone in our industry to innovate more rapidly and respond better to consumers' demands.
‘Innovating in the open' now means ‘getting ready to shaft you behind closed doors'.
As for the winners, Apple suddenly doesn't look so bad. Operators hate being told what kind of subsidy they may offer, and chafe at the control freakery. But at least the iPhone is a surefire hit, it drags in the punters. None of Google's models – either demiphones or Superphones – have shown they can. And Apple's terms are much less onerous than a year ago.
Nokia and Symbian should be beneficiaries, but for operators Symbian is too much of Nokia's pet project. Handset manufacturers have spent a decade getting out of Symbian projects and for many this is the last time they'll do so. Also thanks to Nokia's neglect, nothing Symbian now has to offer is competitive with the iPhone. It isn't up to date.
One of the most puzzling tech business stories of the last ten years is how Nokia surrendered its smartphone lead and reacted like a rabbit in the headlights when the game changed. Nokia talks about ‘democratising' the smartphone, simply because it's own models are cheaper and ship in higher volume than the market leaders, who pocket the profits. Well, the Trabant democratised travel in the GDR, providing mobility to non-party members. It's not a good analogy to make.
I expect to see more interest in the operators' own hobbyhorse, the Limo Foundation, which is a Linux stack backed by the big networks plus Samsung – although anybody can sign up to make a Limo phone. It was fear of Google that propelled Vodafone to use Limo for the 360 phone so heavily promoted over Xmas. And while Limo does not provide iPhone or Pre-quality slickness, networks may see it as a low risk investment. No danger of Nokia or Google pulling a fast one.
Right now only RIM and Apple are making money from this mobile data caper, and the operators delude themselves if they think they do more than come out evens. They'll fancy their chances even less now that Nexus has reminded everybody that Google sees Networks and ODMs as a temporary (and disposable) part of the equation.®
Is it the end for voice overs or is it just summer?
In about one month, I am coming up on my 5th year anniversary as an employee of Voice123.
During that time, I worked in several positions from customer service managing, QA, PR, and now community management. I believe after my second year, I began to notice the trends of what takes place online and when. After looking at some recent content posted, emails received, having several discussions with friends, and looking back at my Skype chats with team members since 2007…I can honestly say for sure…
It is not the end of the world for voice overs…It is just summer.
How did I come to this conclusion? Well, I look at everything in “seasons”. There are things said at the exact same time each year, discussing the same exact issue.
This happens for two simple reasons:
Google search ranking results
The content created at times when we are concerned over the state of the industry.
Think about the symptoms that come with summer:
People take vacation
They get their semi-annual check-ups and appointments for everything from the car to the kids and doctors.
Companies post less work
The jobs being posted may be by those struggling voice seekers, who are in the same shoes as struggling voice talent; they are working on becoming established
Given that 84% of the world's media is produced in North America, the lack of job activity leads to more free time; not easy for a voice over career.
The result?
Less job traffic and less pay with more competition immediately leads to negative beliefs
The negative beliefs associated with the result:
“Amateurs must be infesting the market”
“Websites are killing the industry”
“The voice talent on websites are simple hacks working for peanuts”
Enter now Google, and the reasons why such beliefs seem so real one day and not the next…
First, all must accept that online content is forever. If we ever had a bad day, and wrote about it…it is out there.
When we get upset about something, it becomes a conversation in our head that needs validation of truth.
When we turn to Google for answers, we will find the topic has been written about before.
It validates the belief that “There is a problem”.
What does not really help this generated reality is the way Google works because content that is more popular starts showing up higher in searches and becomes easier to find, especially if comments being left in content leads to more engagement. I made a huge mistake in April some years ago, and every year at the same time, it shows up again. What you have is a situation where all of the negative beliefs you read about have become a hot topic, but unfortunately it is simply the end result of an industry “cycle”…not a trend.
What breaks these cycles?
Rare events such as The Olympics or Elections that offer a large amount of work across all forms of media
Cycle-breakers such as new technology
Surprise marketing trends
Actions of dedicated thought leaders and professionals
Taking classes or learning some new form of skill related to the industry that addresses a perceived weakness
When these changes come about, one must simply be prepared for it by being flexible in their way of thinking, while staying dedicated to professionalism. It can be tough, and maybe that is the root cause why so many important conventions and Meetups take place at the same time each year…because if we were busier during this time, we would not find a reason to attend them. When we are not busy, we have a need to make sure all will be ok. I make this bold statement not only because of what I have experienced in Voice123, but also because since 1992 I have seen multiple predictions of doom for this industry come and go. The only thing I really saw, however, was that the way people worked and monetized their business was forever changing.
On a final note, this week I took a look back at voice seeker feedback reports, blogs written at the same time each year, voice talent feedback, Skype chats between myself and staff etc…..only to notice that the biggest concern in June is “amateur infestation driving down budgets”. It is a hot topic for this time of year. I do not like referring to people as an “infestation”, but we should all know that sometimes “what we believe is happening” is more so a case of an industry cycle for a particular time of year. In addition, the result of such a belief leads to more experienced professionals getting the majority of voice over work. Why?
I have my beliefs…What are yours? Why do you think this happens in the summer?
How do you decide if you can trust someone? Is it based on their handshake, the way they look you in the eye, or perhaps their body language?
We know that what someone wears has an effect on our trust in them. If you happen to be a doctor, 76% of us will favour you if you wear the white coat, compared to only 10% if you happen to just pop out in your surgical scrubs. Labels matter too. In one test, four times as many people were willing to stop and answer a survey on one day compared to another. The difference? Whether or not the interviewer had a designer label on their sweatshirt. But what if you had to decide whether or not to trust someone without knowing the gear they were togged up in? Without knowing anything about them at all?
When people fall victim to fraud, often it is because they have decided to trust a stranger. In mass-marketing fraud (known widely as the 419 scam or advance fee fraud, an unsolicited e-mail contact offers false promises or information designed to con you out of money. You may have already received an e-mail from, for example, a Nigerian prince who desperately needs your bank details in order to move some money out of the country fast. Phishing fraud, where links in carefully crafted, apparently legitimate emails redirect users to a different server, into which they are persuaded to enter usernames, passwords or bank account details, cost the UK £405.8m in 2012, according to RSA Security.
But what makes some people laugh and delete immediately, while others are curious enough to find out more?
Playing games
A recent study led by Tim Hahn from Goethe University in Frankfurt examined people's initial levels of trust when co-operating with an unknown partner.
Sixty participants were asked to play the trust game, an extension of an experimental economics game called the dictator game for which the participants were put into pairs. Player one was given an initial amount of hypothetical “money” that they could choose whether or not to gamble with. The gamble was this: they could give their money to the stranger they were paired with, player two, and anything they gave would be tripled. Player two could then choose to give some of this money back to Player one, and again, anything they returned would be tripled – or player two could choose to keep it all.
In theory then, the more generous you are in the beginning, the richer you could become by the end. To make it more exciting, the players were told that at the end of the trust game, this notional money would be converted into real hard cash.
As player one, how much would you give away to a complete stranger? Well if you happen to have an electroencephalograph (EEG) handy, you can find out without ever needing to play. An EEG records your brain activity by measuring the electrical pulses generated by the brain's cells through a series of electrodes placed on your scalp. In this study, the researchers found that they could predict the amount of money the initial player would trust to the stranger purely based on the activity recorded by the EEG.
A state of trust
But what makes this finding even more interesting is that the EEG recording was taken several minutes before the trust game began. At this point, the staff running the experiment had not asked the participants to think about the game of trust. What the EEG recorded was the resting state of the participants' brains when not involved in tasks – relatively calm – rather than the heightened activity associated with performing mental or physical tasks.
Resting state brain activity is thought to be relatively stable over time. So the fact that the experimenters were able to predict the investment that player one would make to the stranger, player two, was purely based on this resting state activity. And it shows that initial levels of trust may be determined by an underlying pattern of brain activity.
So, returning to those who have unfortunately answered our Nigerian prince, or foreign business person, or even opened the door to a man “from the electricity board”, what this study perhaps indicates is that, regardless of the contents of the email or how convincing the con is, we are already subject to an unconscious bias as to whether or not we will trust that stranger.
Not only are some of us physically more inclined to trust strangers than others, but that susceptibility can be determined by any unscrupulous character who happens to have an EEG scanner to hand.
The rate of living theory postulates that the faster an organism's metabolism, the shorter its lifespan. The theory was originally created by Max Rubner in 1908 after their observation that larger animals outlived smaller ones, and that the larger animals had slower metabolisms.[1] After its inception by Rubner, it was further expanded upon through the work of Raymond Pearl. Outlined in their book, The Rate of Living published in 1928, Pearl conducted a series of experiments in drosophilia and cantaloupe seeds that corroborated Rubner's initial observation that a slowing of metabolism increased lifespan.[2] Further strength was given to these observations by the discovery of Max Kleiber's law in 1932. Colloquially called the “mouse-to-elephant” curve, Kleiber's conclusion was that basal metabolic rate could accurately be predicted by taking 3/4 the power of body weight. This conclusion was especially noteworthy because the inversion of its scaling exponent, between 0.2 and 0.33, was the scaling for lifespan and metabolic rate.[3]
Mechanism [ edit ]
Mechanistic evidence was provided by Denham Harman's free radical theory of aging, created in the 1950s. This theory stated that organisms age over time due to the accumulation of damage from free radicals in the body.[4] It also showed that metabolic processes, specifically the mitochondria, are prominent producers of free radicals. This provided a mechanistic link between Rubner's initial observations of decreased lifespan in conjunction with increased metabolism.
Current state of theory [ edit ]
Support for this theory has been bolstered by studies linking a lower basal metabolic rate (evident with a lowered heartbeat) to increased life expectancy.[5][6][7] This has been proposed by some to be the key to why animals like the Giant Tortoise can live over 150 years.[8] Studies in humans with 100+ year life spans have shown a link to decreased thyroid activity (lowered metabolic rate) to their longevity.[9]
However, the ratio of resting metabolic rate to total daily energy expenditure can vary between 1.6 and 8.0 between species of mammals. Animals also vary in the degree of coupling between oxidative phosphorylation and ATP production, the amount of saturated fat in mitochondrial membranes, the amount of DNA repair, and many other factors that affect maximum life span.[10] Furthermore, a number of species with high metabolic rate, like bats and birds, are long-lived.[11] In a 2007 analysis it was shown that, when modern statistical methods for correcting for the effects of body size and phylogeny are employed, metabolic rate does not correlate with longevity in mammals or birds.[12]
See also [ edit ]
• DNA damage theory of aging
References [ edit ]
A public hearing on the pollution reduction plan for the Navajo Generating Station will be held Nov. 14 at the Phoenix Convention Center. Image by squeaks2569 and used under the terms of a Creative Commons license. A public hearing on the pollution reduction plan for the Navajo Generating Station will be held Nov. 14 at the Phoenix Convention Center. Image by squeaks2569 and used under the terms of a Creative Commons license. The Consciousness Calendar is published weekly and provides selected events f or the proceeding two weeks. Send calendar submissions for consideration to: generalcontact@moderntimesmagazine.com . or the proceeding two weeks. Send calendar submissions for consideration to:
Featured Event Is A Public Hearing On The Navajo Generating Station, Discussions on Justice, Cultural Festivals And A Smattering of Educational Events
By Staff Report
Modern Times Magazine
Nov. 6, 2013 — Featured this week is
an Environmental Protection Agency public hearing Nov. 14 regarding the regional haze caused by the Navajo Generating Station and the alternative proposal put forth by stakeholders led by Salt River Project. The event will begin at 11 a.m. at the Phoenix Convention Center south building, 100 N. Third Street, Phoenix.
The EPA issued a process for the reduction of NOx emission in January. This summer, stakeholders including the Bureau of Reclamation and led by Salt River Project, submitted a revised plan they claim will reduce emissions further than the EPA plan. Several extensions and continued public hearings were then announced, including this one in Phoenix. Public hearings are also being held in
LeChee, Page, Kykotsmov, and Tucson.
For more information, visit
Wednesday, Nov. 6
The Phoenix Art Museum, 1621 N. Central Ave., will host “War & Peace,” and it's creator, John J. Perez, at 7 p.m. The film, “tells the story of Mexican Americans and Latinos during World War II and its aftermath as they battle both fascism abroad and discrimination at home.” For more information, visit http://www.phxart.org/event/ 18eb8d0b-6610-3aa8-2921-088b3964d230
Thursday, Nov. 7
Lawrence Robinson, assistant professor of law at the Phoenix School of Law, will present “Seeking Justice in Arizona,” a talk about neighborhood organizing, drawing from their work on education, law, labor, immigration, and LGBTQ rights. The presentation will begin at 4:30 p.m. in ASU West Hall, room 135, Tempe. For more information, visit http://sst.clas.asu.edu/calendar/2013-11-07/ seeking-justice-arizona-lawrence- robinson-organizing-communities
The ASU Global Institute on Sustainability will present, “Climate Change, What's Love Got To Do With It,” beginning at noon in Wrigley Hall, room 481, ASU Tempe. The event will be presented by Larky Hodges, a local climate activist, green-living consultant, and storyteller. For more information, visit http://sustainability.asu.edu/ events/rsvp/larky-hodges
ASU's Center for the Study of Religion and Conflict will present, “War Against Evil: The Religious Foundations of U.S. Foreign Policy,” a lecture by Ira Chernus beginning at 11:45 a.m. in West Hall, room 135, ASU Tempe. Chernus is a journalist, author, and professor of religious studies at the University of Colorado at Boulder. For more information, visit http://csrc.asu.edu/programs/conversations -center/war-against-evil-religious-foundations -us-foreign-policy-lecture-ira-c
Friday, Nov. 8
The Western Conference on Linguistics and the Arizona Linguistics Symposium will be held Nov. 8 to 10 at ASU Tempe. This annual, international conference has been held in rotating locations in the western part of the United States and Canada since 1988. This conference is open to any aspect of linguistics. Plenary speakers include Mary Ann Willie from the University of Arizona and Elly van Gelderen of Arizona State University. For more information, contact Claire Renaud at Claire.Renaud@asu.edu or visit http://clas.asu.edu/western-conference-linguistics-arizona-linguistics-symposium
The 19th Annual Arizona Asian Festival, held from Nov. 8 to 10 at the Mesa Arts Center, 1 E. Main Street, Mesa, will feature ethnic cuisine, arts and crafts, martial arts demonstrations, cultural dances and music from nearly a dozen Asian countries, include Japanese Taiko drums. Most events will occur Nov. 9 and 10. For more information, visit http://www.aaaa-az.org
Saturday, Nov. 9
The National Association for Research and Therapy of Homosexuality will hold a national training conference Nov. 8 and 9 at Phoenix Airport Marriott Hotel, 1101 N. 44th Street, Phoenix. This association promotes reparative therapies for people who want to stifle their same-gender attraction or their sense of gender identity. Protesters plan to promote their opposition Nov. 9 at 2:30 p.m. For more information, visit https://www.facebook.com/events/174381906097140/
The Tempe chapters of Amnesty International will host "Localpalooza for Human Rights," beginning at 2 p.m. at Kiwanis Park, All-American Way (south of Baseline from Mill Ave.) Bands will be featured and there will also be a beer garden and food vendors. Beyond the entertainment, there will also be discussions on current social justice issues, and a children-themed, "Kids' Corner for Human Rights" activity. There is no entrance fee or cover charge, but donations are welcome. For more information, visit http://tempelocalpalooza-eac2.eventbrite.com .
The Sierra Club and its Arizona leader Sandy Bahr will present a discussion on the Navajo Generating Station and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's current rulemaking on pollution limits for the coal-powered facility. For more information, visit https://www.facebook.com/events/567947496610953
One Voice Community Center Center, 4442 N. Seventh Ave., Phoenix will host Camp HERO, an intensive 20-hour training designed to teach the principles and skills of community organizing to lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender activists and their allies. For more information, visit http://www.surveymonkey.com/s/CNW257S
The 12th annual Veterans Day Traditional Pow Wow will be held from 11 a.m. to 10 p.m. at ASU West, 4701 W. Thunderbird Road, Glendale. The events will include Native American dancers, drum groups, artisans from throughout Arizona, traditional arts and crafts, food, music and dance. For more information, visit http://www.aznard.org
Sunday, Nov. 10
Temple Chai, 4645 E. Marilyn Road, Phoenix will host Carmi Gillon, former director of the Israeli Shin Bet, as they discuss, “Prospects for Peace & Security in Israel.” For more information, visit http://carmigillonphoenix-es2.eventbrite.com/?rank=1&sid=d723a56838d211e3894d12313b007891
Wednesday, Nov. 13
The ASU College of Liberal Arts and Sciences will present, “Evolution of Social Complexity Colloquium,” beginning at noon in the Human Evolution and Social Change building, room 401, ASU Tempe. The event will be led by Katie Hinde of Harvard University for the latest in this exciting new colloquium series co-hosted by professors Joan Silk and Robert Boyd. For more information, contact Lyn Mowafy at lyn.mowafy@asu.edu or visit http://clas.asu.edu/evolution-social-complexity-colloquium-6
Former Lt. Gen. Norman Seip will speak about, “Sustainability and National Security,” from 8:45 to 10:15 a.m. in the Memorial Union, Pima room, Arizona State University, Tempe. For more information, visit http://sustainability.asu.edu/events/rsvp/ltg-norman-seip
The YWCA Empowerment Series will host Pernille Spiers-Lopez, former CEO of IKEA North America, from 11:30 a.m. to 1 p.m. at the Arizona Biltmore, 2400 E. Missouri Ave. Phoenix. For more information, contact Regina Edwards at regina.edwards@ywcaaz.org or visit www.ywcaAZ.org .
Thursday, Nov. 14
The Environmental Protection Agency will hold a public hearing on regional haze caused by the Navajo Generating Station beginning at 11 a.m. at the Phoenix Convention Center south building, 100 N. Third Street, Phoenix. The EPA issued a plan to cut pollutants earlier this year that was revised and amended by the variety of stakeholders this summer. For more information, visit http://www.epa.gov/region9/air/navajo/
ASU's The Barrett College will host its Drescher Lecture beginning at 4:30 p.m. at Barrett Hall, ASU Tempe. Fall 2013 recipients of the Drescher endowment are Dr. Joseph Foy and Dr. John Parker. For more information, visit http://barretthonors.asu.edu/event/drescher-lecture-2/
The Democratic Party of Arizona will host its 2013 Hall of Fame dinner beginning at 5 p.m. at the Phoenix Convention Center, 100 N. Third Street, Phoenix. Keynote speakers are Sen. Amy Klobuchar of Minnesota, and Sen. Martin Heinrich of New Mexico. For more information, contact contact Dan Mitchell at dmitchell@azdem.org or 602-234-6820.
Friday, Nov. 15
The East Valley and Pinal partnership will host the 2013 Transportation Summit from 7:30 to 9 a.m. at the Hilton Phoenix Chandler, 2929 W. Frye Road, Chandler. For more information, visit http://www.evp-az.org/?attachment_id=525
Saturday, Nov. 16
The Arizona Russian Festival will be held at Nov. 16 and 17 at Heritage Square, 115 N. Sixth Street, Phoenix. This cultural event will offer traditional performances by musicians, bands, and dancers from Russia and Eastern European countries, art gallery, and games, festivities for adults and children, and traditional ethnic food. For more information, visit http://www.ArizonaRussianFestival.org
Sunday, Nov. 17
00000001 // 1 — truthy, so LED 7 is ON
Throw in the iteration from 0 to 255, a timeout, and some Johnny Five code, and we end up with this:
Part 2: Learning to Write
If all we wanted to do was count from 0 to 255 in blinking lights, then the best we can say about bitwise operators is that they save us a few lines. A few days after I got the LEDs blinking, I saw this code for making a two-line liquid crystal display (LCD) work with Johnny Five.
This code was using an array-based approach for sending bits, but from my experience with the LEDs and the shift register, I thought that a bitwise approach might make more sense. Over the course of a few days of working with Andreas Haugstrup and Rick to develop a full API for LCDs in Johnny Five, I got to understand bitwise operations a whole lot better.
As you can imagine, an LCD is a lot more complex than an LED. Instead of simply turning it on or off, you tell it what to do — which character to display next, whether to show the cursor, whether to blink the cursor, where to write the next character — by sending a number between 0 and 255 as eight bits of data. Sound familiar?
Indeed, we already know from the LED example how to send a number between 0 and 255 as eight bits of data. The standard set of ASCII characters take up the numbers 32-127, but that leaves us the numbers 0-31 and 128-255 for commands.
Some of the commands we need to send to our LCD are actually combinations of instructions. For example, if we want to position the cursor somewhere on the LCD, we need to send a single command that says both “we want to position the cursor” and “this is where we want to put it.” Unlike in JavaScript, we can only send a single argument: a number between 0 and 255. The bitwise OR operator, | , provides a way to send several pieces of information in that single number.
Let's look at the Johnny Five method that sets the cursor position:
LCD.prototype.setCursor = function( col, row ) { var rowOffsets = [ 0x00, 0x40, 0x14, 0x54 ]; this.command( LCD.SETDDRAMADDR | ( rowOffsets[ row ] + col ) ); return this; };
(If you need a refresher on hexadecimal numbers like 0x00, you're probably not alone.)
The bitwise OR operator looks at the binary representation of two numbers and returns a number that represents the bits that are “on” in either of the two numbers.
For example, consider again the numbers 9 and 128. If you look at the setCursor method above, the value 9 is what we'd end up with for rowOffsets[ row ] + col if we wanted to position the cursor in the first row (0x00) at the 10th column. The value of LCD.SETDDRAMADDR happens to be 0x80, which is 128. In binary, these two numbers look like this:
When we combine these two values using | , we arrive at a single number that we can send as a command to the LCD to tell it to put the cursor in the tenth column of the first row:
10000000 // 128 (LCD.SETDDRAMADDR) | 00001001 // 9 (row 0 + col 9, eg. 0x00 + 9) __________________ 10001001 // 137
We can send other numbers to put the cursor elsewhere, to make the cursor blink, to turn the LCD on and off, and, most importantly, to write characters to the screen. Understanding and using bitwise operators makes all of it quite straightforward — much moreso than with an array-based approach — and after a few days of work, Johnny Five now supports the same LCD features as the C-based API.
More Bitwise Fun
The Mozilla Developer Network has incredible documentation about all of the bitwise operators, and more discussion and examples of how they can be used.
If you've ever wondered why you can do ~myArray.indexOf(targetVal) and get a useful boolean, pay special attention to the discussion of the bitwise NOT operator ~ , which flips the bits of the binary representation of a number, and to the discussion of signed 32-bit integers, where you'll learn that -1 is represented in binary as 32 1's in a row. Flipping the binary bits of -1 (the value returned by indexOf when an item is not found in an array) returns 0, a falsy value. Flipping the bits of any value that indicates an item was found in an array will return a truthy value.
Want to learn more about how LCDs work? Read all about LCD addressing — that is, how the chip that controls an LCD interprets the binary commands it receives.
Finally, I've put together a JSBin that simulates the fun you can have with LEDs and bitwise operators. It's a fun way to see some of what we've covered in this post without having to wire up an Arduino:
JS Bin
That said: if you like JavaScript, you should get an Arduino, and you should build things with Johnny Five. Rick said it best with their initial encouragement to me: as people who make things on computer screens all day, it's incredibly cool the first time you make an LED light up in the real world. I haven't had this much fun with JavaScript — or poked in so many of its nooks and crannies — in a long time.
Study shows that teenagers with exploitative and manipulative traits have more sexual liaisons than their humble and honest counterparts
Heidelberg | New York, 14 December 2017
Adolescents who are willing to exploit others for personal gain are more likely to bully and have sex than those who score higher on a measure of honesty and humility. This is according to a study in Springer's journal Evolutionary Psychological Science which was led by Daniel Provenzano of the University of Windsor in Canada.
Researchers believe that bullying might be more than just objectionable behaviour. It might, in fact, have evolved as a way for men to show dominance and strength, and to signal to women that they are good breeding stock, able to protect their offspring and provide for their needs. From an evolutionary perspective, a man's dominance may make them more attractive to their potential sexual partners, as well as scaring off potential rivals.
Provenzano and their colleagues investigated individual personality differences that might make one person more willing and able to use bullying tactics when competing for sexual partners than others. Two sets of participants were recruited: 144 older adolescents (with a mean age of 18.3) and 396 younger adolescents (with a mean age of 14.6). Participants had to fill in questionnaires about their sex life and number of sexual partners, as well as frequency of bullying perpetration.
Through another questionnaire, the researchers learnt more about six different aspects of the participants' personality, such as their willingness to cooperate with others, or to exploit and antagonise others. The latter is measured by looking at how agreeable and emotionally in tune someone is, as well as how honest and humble they are. Those who do not score high in these latter measures tend to display antisocial personality traits and to subsequently be bullies.
Provenzano's team found that younger people who scored lower in “Honesty-Humility” were more likely to use bullying tactics to pursue more sexual partners than others.
“Younger adolescents lower in ‘Honesty-Humility' may therefore strategically manipulate others in a variety of ways to obtain more sexual partners,” says Provenzano. “Our findings indirectly suggest that exploitative adolescents may have more sexual partners if they are able to strategically use exploitative behaviour like bullying to target weaker individuals.”
According to Provenzano, adolescents lower in “Honesty-Humility” may also use bullying as an intersexual strategy to display traits such as strength and dominance to attract the opposite sex. They might also use bullying to put their rivals in a bad light, or to threaten rivals into withdrawing from intra-sexual competition in order to gain advantage when it comes to potential sexual partners.
“Our results suggest that both research and intervention efforts with older and younger adolescents need to recognize and respond to the relationships between personality, sex and bullying,” explains Provenzano.
Reference: Provenzano, D.A. et al (2017). Do Bullies Have More Sex? The Role of Personality, Evolutionary Psychological Science DOI:10.1007/s40806-017-0126-4
Further Information
About the journal Evolutionary Psychological Science
Services for Journalists
The full-text article is available to journalists on request.
Contact
Stella Müller | Springer Nature | Communications
tel +49 6221 487 8414 | stella.mueller@springer.com
Syrian Rebels Take Air Base, Dam In Northern Syria
Enlarge this image toggle caption Abdullah al-Yassin/AP Abdullah al-Yassin/AP
After weeks of relatively little movement in the Syrian war, rebel forces have claimed two significant advances in northern Syria in the past two days.
They said they seized the military's Jarrah air base on Tuesday in the northern province of Aleppo after days of clashes with government troops.
And a day earlier, the rebels asserted that they had control of Syria's largest hydroelectric dam, the Tabqa dam, in neighboring Raqqa province.
Activists have uploaded videos from the Jarrah air base, showing captured warplanes and munitions.
In this YouTube video, one rebel fighter boasts as they come upon a storeroom: "The airports are in our hands, military sectors are in our hands, and the [bombs] that you were shelling us with are in our hands."
Christopher Harmer, the senior naval analyst at the Institute for the Study of War, looked at the video and says the storage room is filled with "fuel tanks that are attached to planes to give them more fuel storage for longer flights."
They say they can be used to create the so-called barrel bombs that the Syrian government has used against rebel forces. However, they added, "it would make more sense to use a cheap oil drum than these expensive aircraft parts."
Abu Abdallah Minbig, a rebel commander at the Jarrah airport, told Reuters that "the airport was being used to bomb northern and eastern rural Aleppo. By capturing it, we have cut the regime's supply line from Aleppo to the east."
Rebel forces are stuck in a stalemate with government troops in Aleppo itself, with each side controlling about half the city. Activists say rebels are focusing their attacks on airports, military bases and highways in Aleppo province in hopes of cutting the government's ability to launch air attacks and resupply troops.
In a major strategic victory last month, rebel forces captured Taftanaz, the largest helicopter airbase in northern Syria. The Syrian government remains in control of the Aleppo International Airport as well as two smaller air bases in the region.
Regardless of the reception or the effectiveness of the letters, the important thing was that Shane was the first IRA terrorist to actually apologize and express regret. And terrorists who live to regret their terrorism are a rare group. But they're an important one, because ...
1 Reformed Terrorists Can Reform Communities
David De Lossy/Photodisc/Getty
"I went up on the wing of the prison and told the other IRA guys I no longer wanted to be part of a campaign of violence. These guys thought I'd lost it in solitary. A couple of them sent me word they were considering killing me, lest I become an informer. I assured them that for me the whole thing was a moral question; I questioned attacks on civilians, or attacks that discounted civilian casualties. How did we, the noble freedom fighters, wind up bombing English civilians?"
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Repatriated to Northern Ireland after 10 years in English prisons, Shane refused to go to the IRA-controlled wings and instead stayed in a wing mainly populated by sex offenders and ODCs (ordinary decent criminals). They spent years there, and gradually their example led other IRA and Loyalist (the terrorists who hated the IRA) inmates to "defect" and join them in the prison's neutral zone.
Darrin Klimek/Digital Vision/Getty Images
You'd be surprised what a shankless environment does for morale.
Keep in mind that the Catholics and Protestants in Northern Ireland mixed about as well as gin and milk. This prison was the first time many of them ever came together in a nonviolent context.
"All young Protestants went to British Protestant schools and learned British Protestant history. And Catholics all went to Catholic schools that taught Irish history, and the Rising. Intermarriage was unheard of through the '60s and the '70s."
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
As Shane pointed out, this separation made the enemy into an "other," which made it easy to justify murdering them. But once these former terrorists got to hang out in a nonviolent context, they started forming friendships.
David Lomax / Stringer / Hulton Archive / Getty
Above: the extent of their previous contact.
"Their comrades in the ghettos hadn't had that sharing experience, so when we released the prisoners in the '90s, it furthered that reconciliation. These guys went back to communities where their comrades hadn't crossed the divide, and they were able to do the work integrated schools would have done. And still might in the future."
Reformation is never going to be as sexy as revenge when it comes to dealing with terrorists, but Ireland was once as much of a hotbed of violence as Palestine. And today it's a place where you can safely drink your night away and stagger home at 4 a.m. without spontaneously exploding from anything besides whiskey and half-digested chips. Just something to consider.
Related Reading: Make sure you take a look at bombings from the other side of the conflict. Or see how easy it is to get tangled up in murder. Have a story to share with Cracked? Email us here.
If you think more people need to read Shane's story, click the button below to share this on Facebook.
Otomycosis is a fungal ear infection,[1] a superficial mycotic infection of the outer ear canal. It is more common in the tropical countries. The infection may be either subacute or acute and is characterized by malodorous discharge, inflammation, pruritus, scaling, and severe discomfort. Suppuration can occur due to superimposed bacterial infection commonly due to pseudomonas species and proteus species. The mycosis results in inflammation, superficial epithelial exfoliation, masses of debris containing hyphae, suppuration, and pain.[2]
Signs and symptoms [ edit ]
The most common finding on ear examination is the presence of greyish white thick debris and heaviness in the ear.
Cause [ edit ]
Most fungal ear infections are caused by Aspergillus niger, Aspergillus fumigatus, Penicillium and Candida albicans, but exceptions exist.[3][4]
Diagnosis [ edit ]
The fungal mass may appear white, brown or black and has been likened to a wet piece of filter paper. Examined with an Otoscope, A.niger appears as black headed filamentous growth, A.fumigatus as pale blue or green and candida as white or creamy deposit
Treatment [ edit ]
Otomycosis is treated by debridement followed with topical azole antifungals,[3] and symptomatically managed with oral antihistamines.[citation needed] Per a study in Iran 10cc acetic acid 2% plus 90 cc of isopropyl alcohol 70% was effective.[5]
This is a list of Secretaries of State of the United States.
Secretaries of Foreign Affairs (1781–1789) [ edit ]
List of Secretaries of State [ edit ]
List of Secretaries of State by time in office [ edit ]
This is a list of United States Secretaries of State by time in office. This is based on the difference between dates; if counted by number of calendar days all the figures would be one greater.
Cordell Hull is the only person to have served as Secretary of State for more than eight years. Daniel Webster and James G. Blaine are the only Secretaries of State to have ever served non-consecutive terms. Elihu B. Washburne served as Secretary of State for less than two weeks before becoming Ambassador to France.
# in office Secretary Length of service
(days) Rank 47 4289 1 54 2921 2 24 2921 8 2920 4 26 2917 5 5 2862 6 37 2465 7 13 2437 8 60 2380 9 52 2282 10 7 2011 11 42 1695 12 55 1685 13 14/19 1617 14 3 1614 15 45 1484 16 28/31 1472 17 67 1472 65 1467 19 51 1460 20 21 1460 30 1460 40 1460 44 1460 63 1458 25 64 1458 17 1458 9 1457 28 27 1456 29 66 1455 30 68 1449 31 46 1437 32 1 1380 33 22 1379 34 61 1306 35 38 1288 36 56 1216 37 57 1191 38 29 1173 39 41 826 40 33 812 41 10 786 42 6 756 43 11 736 44 50 730 45 53 639 46 34 634 47 2 595 48 49 567 49 59 529 50 18 501 51 69 423 52 35 417 53 12 397 54 43 346 55 16 343 56 70 7002304000000000000♠ 304 57 4 264 58 58 257 59 32 239 60 15 219 61 48 208 62 36 141 63 20 117 64 23 78 65 62 43 66 39 37 67 25 11 68
Living former Secretaries of State [ edit ]
As of February 2019, there are nine living former Secretaries of State (with all Secretaries that have served since 1997 still living), the oldest being George P. Shultz (served 1982–1989, born 1920). The most recent Secretary of State to die was Lawrence Eagleburger (served 1992–1993, born 1930), on June 4, 2011. The most recently serving Secretary of State to die was Warren Christopher (served 1993–1997, born 1925) on March 18, 2011.
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
industrial automation company,
At the USA Science & Engineering Festival in Washington, D.C., Festo , a Germanbrought along some of its incredible robotic animals for a rare public display. We stopped by the Festo booth to check them out. In an abandoned ballroom upstairs, Festo's chief pilot, Markus Schäffer, showed off three of the company's spectacular flying robots: eMotionButterfly , AirJelly, and AirPenguin.Festo uses robots like these to explore creative ways in which nature can be used as an inspiration for improvements in technology. In addition to these three robots, Festo engineers have also developed flying seagulls, hopping kangaroos, robotic ants that cooperate, a soft manipulator based on an elephant's trunk, and a gripper inspired by the tongue of a chameleon . Festo comes out with something new every year, and while Schäffer wouldn't give us any clues about what to expect for 2017, we've been promised that there's some very cool stuff in the works.
Story highlights Ben and Jerry: After Citizen United, our government looks more like a plutocracy
We need a stampede to rout the special interests who have corralled congress, they say
Ben and Jerry: Stamp Stampede wants people to put a message on their dollars
If we don't stunt the influence of money in politics, we might lose our democracy
When Jerry and I first started slinging scoops in 1978, we knew that it was about more than just the ice cream; it was about community.
Our first scoop shop was in a dilapidated gas station that we renovated with a small loan, a little pocket change and a lot of green wood. In the summer, folks would crowd around at the picnic tables late into the evenings and lounge on the grass laughing, talking and eating ice cream.
Ice cream brings people together. We might not agree on politics or religion, heck we might not agree on Chunky Monkey or Phish Food, but that doesn't mean we can't talk. And in that way, ice cream teaches us a lesson about democracy.
Democracy is the triple-deluxe droolworthy idea that the people can govern and be governed in turn, that We the People are the author and the subject of the law. In America, it's the idea that we can elect representatives who will rise above self-interest and work on behalf of the common good.
Ben Cohen
At least, that was the idea. These days, it looks a little different.
Jerry Greenfield
Thanks to Supreme Court cases such as Citizens United in 2010 , which trampled over the last remaining semblance of campaign finance laws, our government looks a lot more like a plutocracy: a government where the wealthy rule.
The massive influx of corporate dough doesn't guarantee victory for Democrats or Republicans. But it allows wealthy donors to control the national conversation and drown out other voices, making it harder and harder for the people to be heard. It allows corporations to bully our representatives and influence their votes. All they have to do is threaten to throw gobs of cash against members of Congress who oppose them, and they can chill democratic debate.
When George Washington gave a farewell address to Congress in 1796 , they talked about why the U.S. Constitution deserved the people's support and confidence. It wasn't because it contained immutable, universal principles; it was because the people wrote it and the people have the power to alter it.
Well, if we're going to save our democracy, we need a constitutional amendment that declares once and for all: 1) Money is not free speech. 2) Corporations are not people.
The movement to amend is already making big waves. Thirteen states and more than 500 municipalities have passed ballot initiatives calling on Congress to propose a constitutional amendment . More than 150 members of congress and President Barack Obama say they would support an amendment. But change won't happen if we sit back and let other people do the dirty work.
We need a stampede to rout the special interests who have corralled Congress. And that's what we're doing.
The Stamp Stampede encourages people to adorn their dollars, to beautify their bucks, to put make-up on their moola, to stamp money with messages that promote a constitutional amendment to get special interest money out of politics.
We know it's unusual, it's slightly subversive, but it's 100% legal (we checked into it ), and it's precisely the kind of democratic action we need if we're going to win a constitutional amendment.
It's not enough for people to sign a petition. We need a petition on steroids. You can open up your windows and scream "I'm mad as hell and I'm not going to take it anymore!" But if we want Congress to hear us we need to join together in a chorus.
So take out your stamps and start stamping messages on your money. The average dollar exchanges hands 875 times . That means if a thousand people stamp one dollar a day for a year, the message would be seen more than 300 million times. If 10,000 people do it, the message would be seen more than 3 billion times. If we all do it, we'll flush "dark money" out of politics for good.
The time to act is now.
This is OUR democracy -- a government of the people, for the people and by the people. But if we don't stunt the influence of money in politics, we may very well lose our democracy to special interests.
Senate Democrats focused on taking back control of the upper chamber in 2016 have unveiled an ambitious package of campaign-finance and government reform measures designed to tap into voter outrage over big money and special interest influence.
At a press conference outside the U.S. Capitol Thursday, Democratic senators—along with leaders from campaign-finance advocacy groups—declared that they were committed to curtailing the influence of special interests and big money.
“If we've learned one thing in this election year, people believe that the system is rigged against them,” declared Senator Chuck Schumer, of New York, who developed the plan and is in line to become the majority leader if Democrats take back the Senate. “And they won't even listen to proposals until they're convinced you're going to unrig the system—that's what we're here to do today.”
The plan's chance of winning approval before the Election Day is microscopic, given that Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and the rest of the Republicans who control the chamber steadfastly oppose any type of campaign-finance reform. But Senate Democrats argue that the populist enthusiasm on display during this election will play to their advantage.
“Make no mistake about it: This will be a huge issue in the presidential, and in the Senatorial and House campaigns,” Schumer said. “Those candidates who refuse to support proposals like this are going to pay a very significant price.”
Dubbed the “We the People Act,” the plan focuses on disclosure, lobbying reforms, a Federal Election Commission overhaul, and reversing the Supreme Court's 2010 Citizens United ruling that deregulated outside spending.
“As practitioners, we senators see every day how unlimited spending, dark money, and all the new Citizens United artillery of special interest influence deforms and distorts our governance,” said Rhode Island Senator Sheldon Whitehouse, adding that he's seen the fossil-fuel industry leverage its influence to block climate change legislation.
Specifically, the reform package includes a proposal to replace the politically gridlocked FEC with a more powerful independent agency. Also included is the DISCLOSE Act, which would help shine light on “dark” money by increasing disclosure of donors to social-welfare groups that engage in politics. And Democratic senators also want to crack down on “single-candidate” super PACs, which have become an increasingly popular end-run around campaign contribution limits, by strengthening anti-coordination laws.
Senate Democrats have also joined progressive activists in calling for a constitutional amendment that would allow Congress to overturn a slew of campaign-finance court rulings, including Citizens United.
Finally, the plan aims to close the revolving door between K Street and Capitol Hill by banning all former members of Congress from lobbying either the House or Senate after retirement. Nearly half of retiring Senators and one-third of retiring House members go on to become registered lobbyists. One element of the plan is a bill introduced by Senator Tammy Baldwin, of Wisconsin, which bans financial services companies from offering “golden parachute” bonuses to employees who take positions in the federal government, which many see as a way for Wall Street to invest in future access.
However, the policy plan has notable omissions. Most strikingly, perhaps, it does not include any mention of a small-donor matching program for congressional elections, which reform advocates say could serve as an effective counterweight to big-money donors. Both Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders, along with the vast majority of House Democrats, have endorsed the idea.
“This is the party's opening bid,” says Mark Schmitt, who heads the political reform program for the liberal think tank New America. “If the opening bid doesn't have some sort of small donor provision, that's a disappointing step backward.”
“They're not changing anything until they change the way campaigns are funded,” Harvard professor and reform advocate Lawrence Lessig told the Prospect. Lessig called the outlook for passing a constitutional amendment a pipe dream, given the absence of bipartisan support. They added that many of the proposed campaign-finance measures—including enhanced disclosure—give Democrats a tool to politically embarrass Republicans without actually getting at the core problems of a system Lessig says amounts to legalized corruption.
Democratic Congressman John Sarbanes, of Maryland, is the sponsor of small-donor matching legislation in the House. Sarbanes predicted that even though public financing isn't part of the Senate Democrats' plan now, it will likely be a part of an eventual bicameral reform package that is more comprehensive.
“Whether it gets in on the front end of the process or comes in later—as long as ultimately it is there when we are articulating it to voters, and when we're in position to move—then I think it will be a strong package,” Sarbanes told the Prospect in an interview last week.
Polling conducted by the campaign-finance advocacy group Every Voice in December found that 72 percent of Americans support using small donor-focused reforms to overhaul the campaign-finance system.
The recently-unveiled Senate platform also doesn't include any measures focused on voting rights threats or redistricting abuses, both areas of growing concern to civil rights and democracy advocates. In their final State of the Union address, President Barack Obama called on Congress to tackle those issues.
Many reform advocates say that the Senate Democrats' plan, though it's by no means comprehensive, mostly strikes the right notes and is a good first step.
Schumer and their colleagues will be walking a difficult line as on the one hand they tout their far-reaching package of reforms, even as they benefit from what is sure to be record levels of outside spending support from the Democratic Senate Campaign Committee and liberal super PACs. In the 2012 elections, in which Democrats tried unsuccessfully to keep control of the Senate, the DSCC spent nearly $145 million.
“Senate Democrats have accepted the fact that a lot will be spent against and for them. They have no control of that,” says Craig Holman, a government affairs lobbyist with the progressive advocacy group Public Citizen. What they do have control over, Holman says, is defining the Democratic Party as the party opposed to dark money. “Schumer sees this as a big advantage and that's why they want to bring this into the public dialogue,” Holman adds.
With polls consistently showing unprecedented levels of voter anger at the role of money in American politics, experts say running on a political process platform such as campaign financing—which in the past has failed to galvanize voters—could be more effective than ever.
“This is a different political moment,” says longtime political reformer and New York congressional candidate Zephyr Teachout, a Democrat. “People are looking for more than nibbling around the edges. It's fantastic that Democrats are putting this at the center of what we need to do.”
I finally got round to watching Avatar, The Legend of Korra recently (warning, if you haven't finished it, this post contains a few spoilers) and, aside from one or two qualms I have about the fight scenes, I consider it to be one of the best kids TV shows I've ever seen. It's funny, it's honest, and it's not afraid to show ‘adult' issues such as dealing with failure or relationship problems. In fact, the first two seasons' sub-plots were pretty much dominated by the love triangles of ‘Team Avatar'. This show is clearly not one to shy away from romantic storylines, and so I was a little surprised by the ending.
For those who haven't seen it, the season finale ends with the two lead female characters, Korra and Asami, walking away holding hands. Most people watching would assume that they were just good friends. After all, we never see them kiss or express romantic feelings for each other (which we do see with every other relationship throughout the programme). But, as it turns out, these two characters were supposed to be a couple. The producers confirmed it, and they're even listened as being in a relationship on Wikipedia.
My first reaction to this was, “FINALLY! Some queer representation in a kids' TV show!” but that slowly turned into, “… why wasn't their relationship given any proper screen time?” Some people may shoot me down here and say that they get together right at the end, and so there was no time for that. BUT, two other characters confess their love for each other in the final few episodes, and we see them GET MARRIED.
I don't want to berate the Avatar franchise for not being inclusive enough because, in the grand scheme of things, they at least tried to show some LGBT representation. I am pleased that they included this. However, it's still not enough.
I mean, come on, it's 2015! Marriage equality has been legal in the UK for over a year, and America recently amended their laws too. More and more people are accepting that LGBT folk are actually real human beings with an entitlement to the same rights as everyone else. So why is it still too taboo for kids' TV? If we can show a man and a woman kissing, why not two men? Or two women? Or a transgender character in a relationship? Why are we hiding queer characters from children? They're going to find out that the LGBT community exists one day – so why not let it be through a positive storyline in their favourite TV show, rather than an insult someone throws across the playground?
And for the people who say that romance doesn't need to be part of kids' entertainment, just step back and think about all the films you watched as a kid. Think of all the fairytales you read. Can you name a Disney film that doesn't have a heterosexual romance in it somewhere?
More to the point – there's a very logical reason as to why we should be including characters with more diverse sexualities. You see, if you raise a generation of kids who have had no exposure to the reality that queer people exist, the chances are that around 1 in 20 of those kids will wake up one day wondering what the hell is happening to them. But, if we stop hiding real life from them, and stop treating LGBT issues like some kind of dirty secret, maybe the stigma around our lifestyles would fade away a lot faster. Children are very accepting of these things. Nobody is born homophobic or transphobic – it's just something we pick up along the way.
Essentially, we need more LGBT characters in the media. We need them in books, TV shows, films, adverts – anything. Not only that, but we need to treat them as we would do any other straight or cis characters. And I guess, in a way, The Legend of Korra manages to do that. It doesn't make Korra's and Asami's relationship into a big deal because, well, it isn't. It's just two people who have connected.
Maybe next time, though, we could give the same-sex relationship the same screen time as one of the straight ones. Just a thought.
Image credits: article image 1, article image 2, header image
Advertisements
With thousands dead in a Saudi air war against Yemen, and potentially millions facing starvation because of the Saudi-led naval blockade against Yemen, the House Foreign Affairs Committee is looking to act: against Iran.
Iran has little to nothing to do with the Yemen War, of course, but Saudis have pushed the narrative that the Shi'ite Iranians are backing the Shi'ite Houthi movement, even though they're different types of Shi'ites, and the factions had no known contacts before the Saudi invasion.
House officials are eating up the Saudi allegations, however, pushing a bill that threatens to punish Iran even further if they don't “stop” arming the Houthis, which would be difficult for Iran to prove since there's little evidence they've ever armed the Houthis more than a token amount.
This is one of a series of new “target Iran” bills moving through Congress right now, with others attempting to threaten them for having missiles, and also for trying to buy civilian airplanes for commercial airline travel.
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
Other people have talked about the recent Internet explosion around online harassment and PTSD better than I can, so I'm going to try not to rehash.
Here are some links for the curious:
Your Uninformed and Incorrect Opinions About Psychology
Can one get PTSD via Twitter?
Online Bullying and Trauma: What's At Stake?
PTSD and Me(lody)
I'm just going to add this:
If you think that saying “both war and online bullying can cause PTSD” is the same thing as saying “war and online bullying are basically the same thing”, or “war and online bullying are necessarily the same amount of bad/traumatic”, then you really need to get it into your head that it is in fact possible for different types and levels of trauma to lead to similar results. It's not a hard concept.
Reading people's comments around the Internet lately, one could be forgiven for thinking that some of you would respond to the idea that two plus two equals four and one plus three also equals four by screaming “BUT HOW CAN YOU SAY THAT ONE, TWO, AND THREE ARE ALL THE EXACT SAME NUMBER?!”.
Also, for all of the people who do think that it is impossible to get PTSD from online harassment, in spite of the fact that the weight of the evidence is uniformly against you, and that a professional psychiatric diagnosis based on far more information than you could possibly have access to is also against you, you should take this time to ask yourselves why your first instinct is to attack the person who you think has been misdiagnosed by a professional.
If I had a friend whose doctor diagnosed them with, say, an imbalance of chakras, I would be incredibly skeptical of the diagnosis. Under no circumstances, however, would my reaction be to say “How dare you be misdiagnosed like that?!”. You know why? Because that is an absurd, utterly useless, and incredibly cruel reaction. This should be obvious.
In short: first, all of the available evidence suggests that you're wrong, and second, even if you were right, your reaction would betray an astonishing lack of thoughtfulness and compassion. Given the reality of the situation, you appear at best to be engaging in motivated reasoning and thoughtlessness, and at worst to be willfully ignorant and deliberately cruel.
Advertisements
There is an old wise saying that says “In the beginner's mind there are many possibilities; in the expert's there are few”. And so it was in the first few decades of the car industry that makers such as Rolls-Royce were free of the modern “branding” and “brand profiling” of the marketing “experts” and they were free to experiment and create pretty much whatever they could persuade someone to buy. The Australian definition of an “expert” says “X is an unknown quantity, and a Spurt is a drip under pressure”. Nowadays it would seem that the “unknown quantities” who are “under pressure” to make their profit “number” no longer have room for imagination or experimentation. The world has become a bit of a sadder place as a result.
So it is no surprise to find a Rolls-Royce “Woodie” from the roaring twenties whereas nowadays one would be hard pressed to find such a thing in the current Rolls-Royce product range. This is odd really. Just consider as an example, Queen Elizabeth II worked as a motor mechanic during World War II, and a Rolls-Royce “Woodie” could be a perfect little runabout for cruising around Balmoral.
The car we are featuring in this post looks to be a Rolls-Royce enthusiasts dream. It is unusual and just oozes the sort of character that no modern commodity car could ever attain to no matter what brand badge you affix to it. This one is a blending of gorgeous wood with Rolls-Royce quality and promises to be a source of deep enjoyment for those of us who love getting our hands dirty, who love the problem-solving creativity of a restoration project such as this one.
Added to the sheer joy of restoring this delightful “Roller” though is that this car has a connection with history. It wasn't actually owned by a member of the British Royal Family, but it was owned by the father of a man who qualifies to be counted in the ranks of motor racing “royalty”. You see this car belonged to Stirling Moss's father, and it was the car used to tow Stirling's racing car to their first ever motor race. The tow bar is still on the car.
So this is not only an example of Rolls-Royce's imaginative days: It is also a historically significant part of Britain's motor racing legacy.
This historic car is also quite affordable. Can you imagine arriving at your first race meeting in this Rolls-Royce fully restored, with your competition car towed behind? That would be “making an entrance”.
You'll find the auction page for this car if you click here.
The auction is scheduled for 20th June.
Jon Branch is the founder and senior editor of Revivaler and has written a significant number of articles for various publications including official Buying Guides for eBay, classic car articles for Hagerty, magazine articles for both the Australian Shooters Journal and the Australian Shooter, and he's a long time contributor to Silodrome. Jon has done radio, television, magazine and newspaper interviews on various issues, and has traveled extensively, having lived in Britain, Australia, China and Hong Kong. Their travels have taken them to Indonesia, Israel, Italy, Japan and a number of other countries. They have studied the Japanese sword arts and has a long history of involvement in the shooting sports, which has included authoring submissions to government on various firearms related issues and assisting in the design and establishment of shooting ranges.
Tunerfish, which dubs itself "a social discovery engine for TV, movies, and online video," released version 1.0 of its Android app to the Market today.
The idea behind Tunerfish is similar to the one behind 4square, only if you replaced locations with TV shows, movies, and online videos. In order to use Tunerfish, you can create an account or log in using Facebook or Twitter. Once logged in, you can:
see what your friends are watching in real-time
see what they were watching in the past
check out trending shows, movies, and videos, i.e. what's being watched now by everyone
earn badges and awards
participate in discussions, view profiles
check in and share what you are watching on Tunerfish, Facebook, and Twitter
You can read more about Tunerfish here.
Developing The App, The Backstory
The Tunerfish team is comprised of a small group of awesome people, and the app was developed by 2 kick-ass Android developers. How do I know this? Here's the kicker - I am one of these 2 developers and have been working on the app for the past 3 months.
A web/backend programmer by trade, I've obviously been quite into Android for the last year and a half or so, and it was only natural to dive right into Android development at some point. Luckily, since everyone at work knows me as "the Android Police guy," I didn't have much trouble finding a project to work on.
I cried, I laughed, I didn't sleep till 6 a.m. at times, I cursed Google engineers for undocumented and outright confusing APIs, I praised them for their brilliance - Android development has been quite a mixed bag. Regarding fragmentation, I would argue with anyone who is saying it is not a problem on Android - it's just denial. Sure, there are methods of dealing with it, but in the end, you still have to test on a myriad of device configurations and OS versions, and that costs time - a lot of time. Nevertheless, I wouldn't have it any other way (*cough* iOS, WebOS, BB, Symbian *cough). The fact that the app was uploaded, submitted, and available on the Market all in the same 15 seconds, is just stunning. Google definitely did something very right here.
In the process, I've submitted a handful of bug reports to the Android core, and I'd like to give a shout-out to Tor Norbye of the Android tools team for their attention and quick fixes. It is quite amazing to be able to submit a bug report for Android tools and have a usable fix roll out within a week.
Another special thank you is reserved for Jeff Atwood and Joel Spolsky for creating the most useful site on the Internet after Google - StackOverflow.com. I owe many hours of my life (that would have otherwise been wasted) to the community behind Stack Overflow and specifically all the Android programmers taking their own time to answer other people's programming questions. Seriously, huge thank you!
Download
Excuse me for such a long story, but if there was ever the right time to share, it is now.
Without further ado, here is everything you need to download the Tunerfish app - just scan the QR code with Barcode Scanner or simply click on it if you're on your mobile device.
If you are looking for an AppBrain link to check out the official description and pictures, head over here.
Source: Tunerfish for Android
Nov 20, 2016; Brooklyn, NY, USA; Portland Trail Blazers forward Evan Turner (1) plays the ball while being defended by Brooklyn Nets guard Joe harris (12) during the second half at Barclays Center. The Trail Blazers won 129-109. Mandatory Credit: Andy Marlin-USA TODAY Sports
With the 2017 NBA Draft approaching, the Brooklyn Nets and Portland Trail Blazers could be perfect trade partners on draft day.
The Brooklyn Nets have tremendous roster flexibility right now. They can strike a deal with almost any franchise in the league. That makes the Portland Trail Blazers — who have three first round picks in the 2017 NBA Draft — a very appealing trade partner for a Brooklyn team looking for young talent.
According to Sporting News, the Blazers are open to dealing one or a few of their draft picks in order to shed some salary. The Nets were specifically mentioned as a team that's inquired about swapping picks and taking on some salary since they have plenty of cap space.
Here are two potential trades that would allow Brooklyn to stack even more first round picks (they currently own the 22nd and 27th picks), while allowing Portland to shed salary without getting markedly worse as a team.
Trade No. 1:
Nets Get C - Meyers Leonard
No. 15 overall pick Trail Blazers Get SG - Sean Kilpatrick
Sean Kilpatrick is a scorer who has averaged 19 points per 36 minutes for their career. At 6'4″ and 210 pounds, they are almost identical in size to Portland's C.J. McCollum. They can easily function as the first or second guard off the bench for the Trail Blazers.
 They are nowhere near the shooter McCollum is, but you can run similar sets for them because of their aggressiveness on offense. You would see an uptick in their three-point shooting since they would receive proper floor-spacing on a top 10 three-point shooting team like Portland.
The contract general manager Neil Oshey would be getting rid of is former lottery pick Meyers Leonard.
Since being taken 11th in the 2012 NBA Draft, they have averaged 5.7 points and 3.9 rebounds per game. They have not developed into a reliable stretch-4 yet, but they have the tools to become one.
Why it makes sense for both sides:
In Brooklyn, Leonard would have the freedom to develop at their own pace. The Nets are thin in the frontcourt after Brook Lopez and Trevor Booker. They rely on the athleticism of young combo-forward Rondae Hollis-Jefferson at the 4-spot.
Leonard would give the Nets more length, and their shooting would pair well with Lopez's offensive arsenal. Lopez successfully experimented with shooting threes this past season (34.6 percent from downtown), with excellent results. Having a pair of floor-spacing seven-footers would give the Nets a unique strategic advantage against certain teams.
Leonard doesn't bring the Nets closer to contention, so Portland would have to attach its 15th overall pick in this year's draft. Even if the Trail Blazers did not believe in Kilpatrick as much as I do, their contract for next year isn't fully guaranteed until June 30, 2017, making them a perfect fit for dump a little salary.
Trade No. 2:
Nets Get SF - Evan Turner
No. 20 overall pick
No. 26 overall pick Trail Blazers Get PF - Trevor Booker
In this proposed deal, Nets general manager Sean Marks would leverage Portland's middle-of-the-pack rebounding numbers in the discussions. This would ultimately lead to Portland being willing to take on the remaining year on Trevor Booker's contract.
Why it makes sense for both sides:
Trevor Booker would perform reasonably well as the Trail Blazers' starting or backup power forward. Their tenacity on the glass could be a big factor for Portland with so much shooting giving them ample opportunities on the offensive glass.
Evan Turner is a playmaker who, at 6'7″, presents a unique challenge for defenses.  They are a good midrange shooter and a solid pick-and-roll ball-handler.
Turner's ceiling is limited in today's NBA due to their inability to stretch their shooting range beyond 16 feet. Even so, they can still hang their hat on being a great setup man. Their assist total for the season was considered a down year by their standards with 205 total assists, but that mark would've made them the Nets' top assist man in 2016-17.
Brooklyn head coach Kenny Atkinson would be able to throw out big lineups featuring Turner, Lopez, and Leonard where Turner could actually run the point. Neil Olshey would love the opportunity to get rid of two picks in return for a solid veteran, all the while hanging onto the their highest pick and shedding Turner's contract.
Both of the trades presented here would give the Trail Blazers a very specific role player who could help them in the short-term and still help shed some salary and unnecessary draft picks. For Nets fans, these deals would push Brooklyn a little closer to respectability while also allowing them to continue to add raw talent.
All theme options must now be included in the Customizer for themes submitted to the WordPress theme repository. Custom theme options pages will not be allowed. The change will have implications for authors, reviewers, and users of WordPress themes.
The Theme Review Team announced that all themes hosted on WordPress.org will be required to use the Customizer for theme options moving forward. The new requirement will be phased in over 6 months, which gives existing theme authors some time to make the updates and new theme authors some time to adjust themes that might already be in progress.
This is a huge change. Although the Customizer has been available since WordPress 3.4 — which was released in June of 2012 — adoption has been slow on themes submitted to the official WordPress theme repository.
Official stats aren't available, but of the ten most recent themes submitted to the theme repo I looked at, 20% had a custom options page. Of the ten most recent updates, 40% had a custom options page. This is a very small sample, but there's no doubt this change will effect a huge amount of submissions.
From a theme review perspective this makes a lot of sense. Verifying proper sanitization and proper use of the Settings API can take a huge amount of time for reviewers.
Many theme authors use frameworks like the Options Framework, Redux, Titan, Options Tree, and UpThemes — but reviewers still need to check for potentially malicious alterations, proper text domains, and function prefixing. Standardizing this by requiring the Customizer will make the job of theme review simpler.
@devinsays Echoing others, it's a win for users and will speed up review times. I think the time has come. — Kirk Wight (@kwight) April 22, 2015
From a user interface perspective, it also seems like a good move. Users can always expect options to be available in the Customizer tab if they exist and they won't need to navigate unfamiliar custom screen layouts — though users of specific themes might be confused when the options page disappears on an update and moves into the Customizer bar.
For theme authors it is probably a mixed bag. Many authors rely on WordPress.org to drive sales of commercial theme upsells, and the theme options page is a common place to promote such upsells. It can also take quite a bit of time to migrate options from a custom page to the Customizer and ensure perfect backwards compatibility.
@devinsays I think it's a great way to standardize and will ultimately be easier for both users and theme authors. — Dan Manchester (@elseloop) April 22, 2015
Certain frameworks also provide features that aren't native to the Customizer, like repeater fields, multiselect, image radio buttons, datepickers, editor instances, and custom typography options — though Customizer libraries like Kirki can also bridge those gaps.
The Customizer has evolved quite a bit since it was first introduced. WordPress 4.0 brought a number of enhancements like contextual controls, panels and additional field types. Core features like custom headers, custom backgrounds and widget editing have migrated to the Customizer and then been improved over successive releases. In the upcoming WordPress 4.2 release users will be able to switch themes directly from the Customizer.
It could be argued that space constraints in the Customizer could make organization a bit more difficult for themes that ship with hundreds of different options, but there are many examples of WordPress themes already handling this well.
The Make theme by the Theme Foundry is one such example. It has six custom panels and over three hundred individual customization options — but is still a very usable and popular product. Obox also went all in on the Customizer with their Layers page builder theme. Examples like these help prove that the Customizer can scale fairly well, even with a lot of options.
Personally, I think the standardization of options is a great move forward. I originally started developing the Options Framework (an easy way for developers to build custom options pages) over five years ago because there was not a good solution in core. I'm now happy to report that the code I helped develop is nearly obsolete as better tools have become available.
Photo: TRT member Emil Uzelac, by Sheri Bigelow
HealthZette The Trouble with Florida's Mental Health System 'If you want to get treatment — you've got to go somewhere else,' says one professional
Florida is the fourth most populous state in America, yet its mental health funding ranks 49th out of the 50 states. Since 2009, state legislators have cut $100 million from the budget for mental health services — leaving state hospitals short-staffed and underfunded.
That has proven dangerous. Attacks by inmates toward other inmates in six of these hospitals doubled in recent years — which is investigative reporters from the Tampa Bay Times looked into the increased instances of violence in the state hospitals.
At least 5,000 people receive care in the state's mental hospitals each year. Forty percent of them have committed crimes of some kind.
Advertisement
Nearly 1,000 severely ill patients under constant supervision have injured themselves or others because of lax security and staff shortages. Fifteen of these people died — at least three because staff held off calling paramedics for fear of budget restraints.
“This is not the state to be crazy in,” said Dr. Harold Jonas bluntly.  They are a licensed mental health counselor in Delray Beach, Florida. “If you want to get any treatment, you've got to go somewhere else.”
At least 5,000 people receive care in the state's mental hospitals each year. Forty percent of these patients have committed crimes of some kind — some even violent crimes — but they are considered mentally unfit to stand trial. Many others suffer from chronic illnesses that leave them unable to control their actions.
Related: Anyone Can Have Mental Health Issues
The motivation behind the continued budget cuts remains unclear. “Gov. Rick Scott's current budget allows for some huge tax breaks, so clearly they're not [happening] because we're lacking funds. Clearly there's a surplus,” said Dr. Padam Bhatia, co-founder of The Center for Mind and Wellness in Miami, Florida.
Advertisement
[lz_bulleted_list title=”Mental Illness in U.S.” source=”http://www.nami.org”]An estimated 26% of homeless adults staying in shelters live with serious mental illness, while an estimated 46% live with severe mental illness and/or substance use disorders|70% of youth in juvenile justice systems have at least one mental health condition; at least 20% live with a serious mental illness|Only 41% of adults in the U.S. with a mental health condition received mental health services in the past year[/lz_bulleted_list]
Last year, the Florida state legislature attempted to pass 22 bills to improve the mental health system. Not one passed.
Gov. Scott has tried to recoup some of the budget losses in recent years, Taryn Fenske, a spokesperson from the governor's office, told LifeZette in an email. Last year, they signed a budget that allocated an additional $40 million to state mental health facilities, including money for personal alarm devices and video cameras in state facilities where staff safety has become an issue, the spokesperson said. Fenske added that the new budget also provides money for three pilot programs that will test different types of treatment to find more effective deliveries for services.
Still, a lot of this budget goes toward substance abuse services in Florida — not mental health. And although substance abuse and mental health problems often exacerbate each another, drug rehabilitation and mental health hospitals are not the same thing. These services don't always intersect.
In addition to the increased violence and poor treatment in state hospitals, more patients are using the emergency room as their regular care.
Related: Is Exercise the Best Drug for Depression?
“Our acute care services are used to a higher degree, but we don't get a lot of stabilization as a result. Emergency rooms are for crisis, not for maintenance,” said Dr. Ashish Bhatt, chief medical officer of Sovereign Health in Pompano Beach, Florida.
“The most important thing for any health issue, whether it's medical or behavioral, is a support system and housing.”
Dr. Jonas said insurance companies often treat mental health conditions as they do other medical conditions. Because they can accurately predict from patient data how long it takes to heal a broken bone, for example, they have set quotas around other conditions as well — like schizophrenia or bipolar disorder. So patients who check in with severe mental conditions — who can't get into a state hospital because of the extensive waiting list — are turned back onto the streets in five or six days.
“If they don't have a support system outside, they're going to deteriorate and wind up back in. It's almost like a revolving door,” Dr. Jonas said.
The cost of repeatedly hospitalizing the same patients adds up very quickly. Dr. Bhatia said the average cost of a hospital stay is $2,000 per day, and most patients are coming for a week's stay at least once a month. Multiply that by hundreds of thousands of patients, and yes, that could hypothetically equal $100 million. Hospitals just have to eat that cost or come up with some creative way to recoup it.
Related: Online Rx Fills Gaps in Mental Health Care
Advertisement
Many of the people who come to the hospitals or community centers for help do not have insurance, or they're homeless. Dr. Jonas works in private practice now, but they spent some time at a comprehensive treatment center for the homeless called Camillus House in Miami.
Taking care of the same patients continuously without progress can wear on even the most tolerant physician. “As a professional, we're selling people on hope, on themselves, and on change, and sometimes they don't buy it,” Dr. Jonas explained.
“They live in a field, they don't have showers, they don't have food, they don't have shelter from the elements. All they have is this — this is as good as it gets for these people. We're all idealists who really want to effect change, but we're people as well, and it's hard to watch people undo their good opportunities.”
More than 650,000 adults in Florida struggle with mental illness. Mental disorders worldwide seem to be on the rise. One study confirmed that mental illness and substance abuse combined comprise 23 percent of the global disease burden.
[lz_ndn video=31484610]
The American lifestyle perpetuates certain habits that can leave people vulnerable to mental illness. Dr. Bhatt explained that having an intact family unit, strong support system, and cohesive community all bolster mental health.
Advertisement
Dr. Bhatt told LifeZette, “We're very individualized. Other countries have a sense of family and community and culture. Often that has demonstrated a higher protective factor, especially for mental illness. Our society is constantly super competitive and stressful and work-oriented, and that plays a huge part in people getting stressed out. When you're isolated and you go to work and you don't have a support system, there is an increased susceptibility to anxiety or depression.”
They also explained that high rates of substance abuse and alcohol intake among the younger population, specifically ages 13 to 25, can contribute to mental instability later. Those substances impair executive function, they explained.
Related: Medical Marijuana Is a Big Lie
The lack of community support and cohesion could be exacerbating the mental health crisis in Florida — as well as across the nation.
“The most important thing for any health issue, medical or behavioral, is a support system and housing,” said Dr. Jonas. “Without those things, people will not be able to get into a recovery process and stay that way. People are going to regress.”
They believe developing a state-run mental health app that would connect patients with coaches, housing resources, and symptom and medication tracking could help. But getting approval for such a program means wading through bureaucracy. Mental health professionals had hoped that some of Florida's $1 billion surplus would go toward hiring additional staff and providing more treatment for these patients. No such luck.
Advertisement
“There's not going to be enough money to cure the problem,” Dr. Jonas said. “All the money in the world isn't going to make somebody ‘not' bipolar — but it's going to help them manage their illness better.”
WASHINGTON, Feb. 19, 2015 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- The Chamber of Digital Commerce is pleased to announce that applications are now being accepted from bankers who would like to attend the Anti-Money Laundering Compliance Bootcamp for Digital Currencies in San Francisco on February 26-28, 2015. The Bootcamp has been approved for continuing education credits by ACAMS and the Conference of State Bank Supervisors (CSBS), and for CLE in California and New York.
Through the generous donations of its members and supporters, the Chamber is offering two grants to cover the cost of tuition for the intense two-day Bootcamp. This campaign is a focal point of the Chamber's initiative to bridge the information gap between the banking industry and the digital currency community. Interested parties or applicants should contact Dana Marston, dmarston@digitalchamber.org, (202) 681-3371.
The Chamber believes banks will be more willing to provide digital currency companies with banking services if they better understand the AML compliance efforts of these companies, the issues they face and how similar these issues are to those facing banks, and what steps can and are being taken within the digital currency community to reduce AML risks. The course is also ideally suited for banks that are considering offering digital currency related services.
Participants will gain insight into the technology underlying digital currencies, how to analyze specific digital currency business models and the associated AML/CFT risks, and develop strategies for mitigating these risks while complying with specific Bank Secrecy Act requirements. Participants also will examine automated compliance solutions, tools and techniques that are being used by digital currency companies and banks to conduct customer due diligence (KYC) and detect, monitor and report suspicious activity involving digital currencies.
Valued at up to $2,495 each, the grants will be awarded to employees of banks or credit unions who demonstrate a strong desire to better understand digital currencies and gain greater awareness of the AML and OFAC compliance efforts within the digital currency community. The Chamber's Grant Committee will focus on individuals who wish to incorporate this knowledge into their organization's plans to offer banking services to digital currency related companies or to engage directly in digital currency activities.
This program is but one piece of the Chamber of Digital Commerce's key initiative to encourage the banking community to learn more about digital currencies and boost awareness of appropriate anti-money laundering compliance and management.
About the Bootcamp: The AML Compliance Bootcamp for Digital Currencies is an intense, interactive two-day program intended to help companies bolster their anti-money laundering compliance knowledge. An optional third day provides attendees with a hands-on laboratory for building out and analyzing an adequate and effective AML compliance program for digital currencies. The Bootcamp has been approved for continuing education credits by ACAMS, the Conference of State Banking Supervisors (CSBS), and the Digital Currency Council (DCC), as well as for continuing legal education (CLE) in New York and California. For more information on the Bootcamp, visit http://digitalchamber.org/bootcamp.html
About the Chamber of Digital Commerce: The Chamber is a Washington, D.C.-based trade association dedicated to promoting the understanding, acceptance and use of digital currencies and digital assets. The Chamber provides education, training and other information on digital assets and currencies to policymakers, businesses, consumers, and the community. For more information visit http://www.digitalchamber.org.
About the Financial Access Education Campaign
The Financial Access Education Campaign has been created by the Chamber of Digital Commerce in support of its initiative to create greater financial access for the digital currency community. The Chamber's Grant Program, sponsored by Tally Capital, will review applications and select the awardees. Parties interested in supporting this initiative should contact Dana Marston at dmarston@digitalchamber.org.
SOURCE Chamber of Digital Commerce
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) holds a news conference on Thursday, Oct. 12, 2017. (Screen grab from C-SPAN)
(CNSNews.com) - Any legislation regarding the first-use of nuclear weapons by the United States must be bipartisan and apply to all current and future U.S. presidents, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) told a news conference on Thursday.
"I put this in the category of urgent. We take an oath to protect and defend," they said.
Pelosi said an "ancient" law, dating back to 1946, currently authorizes the president of the United States to exercise the first use of nuclear weapons. "It was in a different world, and now I think it is necessary for us to address it," they said of the 1946 law.
"There are all kinds of proposals out there, one saying -- declaring the United States of America will not engage in first use of a nuclear weapon. I like that one best."
Pelosi said other proposals would require the president to get the advice of "some people in their cabinet," to be determined, before launching a nuclear first strike.
"So, more to come on that. I believe that as we go forward with anything like that, it has to be in a bipartisan way, because it's about all presidents, no matter who (he) or they may be down the road."
A reporter asked Pelosi if Congress's sudden attention to no-first-use has something to do with concerns that President Trump will launch a nuclear weapon at North Korea and lead the U.S. into World War III, as Sen. Bob Corker suggested recently.
"Well, this doesn't' really have to do with him, it has to do with the presidency of any president," Pelosi said. "Now, I remind, if our country is attacked, the War Powers Act triggers for the executive any and all powers. But there is interest in the U.S. establishing itself as no first use.
President Trump often has scorned the notion of presidents letting the enemy know ahead of time what the United States may or may not do.
•••
I've been using vim for a while now, but the recent noise around Visual Studio Code had me curious, especially given some long-running frustrations with vim. I have a fairly comprehensive vim config, but it often feels fragile. vim-go, YouCompleteMe & ctags sit on top of vim to provide autocompletion: but re-compiling libraries, dealing with RPC issues and keeping it working when you just want to write code can be Not Fun. Adding proper autocompletion for additional languages—like Python and Ruby—is an exercise in patience (and spare time).
VS Code, on the other hand, is pretty polished out of the box: autocompletion is significantly more robust (and tooltips are richer), adding additional languages is extremely straightforward. If you write a lot of JavaScript/Babel or TypeScript, then it has some serious advantages (JS-family support is first-class). And despite the name, Visual Studio Code (“VS Code”) doesn't bear much resemblance to Visual Studio proper. Instead, it's most similar to GitHub's Atom editor: more text editor than full-blown IDE, but with a rich extensions interface that allows you to turn it into an IDE depending on what language(s) you hack on.
Thus, I decided to run with VS Code for a month to see whether I could live with it. I've read articles by those switching from editors like Atom, but nothing on a hard-swap from vim. To do this properly, I went all in:
I aliased vim to code in my shell (bad habits and all that)
to in my shell (bad habits and all that) Changed my shell's $EDITOR to code
to Set git difftool to use code --wait --diff $LOCAL $REMOTE .
Note that I still used vim keybindings via VSCodeVim. I can't imagine programming another way.
Notes
Worth noting before you read on:
When I say “vim” I specifically mean neovim: I hard-switched sometime late in 2015 (it was easy) and haven't looked back.
I write a lot of goes, some Python, Bash & and ‘enough' JavaScript (primarily Vue.js), so my thoughts are going to be colored by the workflows around these languages.
vim-go single-handedly gives vim a productivity advantage, but vscode-go isn't too far behind. The open-godoc-in-a-vim-split (and generally better split usage) of vim-go is probably what wins out
Saying that, the autocompletion in vscode-go is richer and clearer, thanks to VS Code's better autocompletion as-a-whole, and will get better.
Workflow
Throughout this period, I realised I had two distinct ways of using an editor, each prioritizing different things:
Short, quick edits. Has to launch fast. This is typically anything that uses $EDITOR (git commit/rebase), short scripts, and quickly manipulating data (visual block mode + regex work well for this).
(git commit/rebase), short scripts, and quickly manipulating data (visual block mode + regex work well for this). Whole projects. Must manage editing/creating multiple files, provide Git integration, debugging across library boundaries, and running tests.
Lots of overlap, but it should be obvious where I care about launch speed vs. file management vs. deeper language support.
Short Edits
Observations:
VS Code's startup speed isn't icicle-like (think: early Atom), but it's still slow, especially from a cold-start. ~5 seconds from code $filename to a text-rendered-and-extensions-loaded usable, which is about twice that of a plugin-laden neovim.
to a text-rendered-and-extensions-loaded usable, which is about twice that of a plugin-laden neovim. Actual in-editor performance is good: command responsiveness, changing tabs, and jumping to declarations never feels slow.
If you've started in the shell, switching to another application to edit a file or modify a multi-line shell command can feel a little clunky. I'd typically handle this by opening a new tmux split (retaining a prompt where I needed it) and then using vim to edit what I needed.
Despite these things, it's still capable of these tasks. vim just had a huge head-start, and is most at home in a terminal-based environment.
Whole Projects
VS Code is really good here, and I think whole-project workflows are its strength, but it's not perfect.
The built-in Git support rivals vim-fugitive, moving between splits/buffers is fast, and it's easy enough to hide. The default side-by-side diffs look good, although you don't have as many tools to do a 3-way merge (via :bufget , etc) as you do with vim-fugitive.
, etc) as you do with vim-fugitive. Find-in-files is quick, although I miss some of the power of ag.vim , which hooks into my favorite grep replacement, the-silver-searcher.
, which hooks into my favorite grep replacement, the-silver-searcher. What I miss from NERDTree is the ability to search it just like a buffer: /filename is incredibly useful on larger projects with more complex directory structures (looking at you, JS frameworks!). You're also not able to navigate the filesystem up from the directory you opened, although I did see an issue for this and a plan for improvement.
I should note that opening a directory in VS Code triggers a full reload, which can be a little disruptive.
Other Things
There are a bunch of smaller things that, whilst unimportant in the scope of getting things done, are still noticeable:
Font rendering. If you're on macOS (née OS X), then you'll notice that VS Code's font rendering (Chromium's font rendering) is a little different from your regular terminal or other applications. Not worse; just different.
Tab switching: good! Fast, and there's support for vim commands like :vsp to open files in splits.
to open files in splits. You can use most of vim's substitution syntax: :s/before/after/(g) works as expected. gc (for confirmation) doesn't appear to work.
works as expected. (for confirmation) doesn't appear to work. EasyMotion support is included in the VSCodeVim plugin: although I'm a vim-sneak user, EasyMotion is arguably more popular among vim users and serves the same overall goals (navigating short to medium distances quickly). <leader><leader>f<char> (in my config) allows me to easily search forwards by character.
(in my config) allows me to easily search forwards by character. The native terminal needs a bunch of work to make me happy. It's based on xterm.js, which could do with a lot more love if VS Code is going to tie itself to it. It just landed support for hyperlinks (in VS Code 1.9), but solid tmux support is still lacking and makes spending time in the terminal feel like a chore vs. iTerm.
Configuration: I aliased keybindings.json and settings.json into my dotfiles repository, so I can effectively sync them across machines like .vimrc . Beyond that: VS Code is highly configurable, and although writing out JSON can be tedious, it does a lot to make changing default settings as easy as possible for you (autocompletion of settings is a nice touch).
You might also be asking: what about connecting to other machines remotely, where you only have an unadorned vim on the remote machine? That wasn't a problem with vim thanks to the netrw plugin—you would connect to/browse the remote filesystem with your local, customized vim install—but is a shortcoming with VS Code. I wasn't able to find a robust extension that would let me do this, although (in my case) it's increasingly rare to SSH into a box given how software is deployed now. Still, worth keeping in mind if vim scp://user@host:/path/to/script.sh is part of your regular workflow.
So, Which Editor?
I like VS Code a lot. Many of the things that frustate me are things that can be fixed, although I suspect improving startup speed will be tough (loading a browser engine underneath and all). Had I tried it 6+ months ago it's likely I would have stuck with vim. Now, the decision is much harder.
I'm going to stick it out, because for the language I write the most (Go), the excellent autocompletion and toolchain integration beat out the other parts. If you are seeking a modern editor with 1:1 feature parity with vim, then look elsewhere: each editor brings its own things to the table, and you'll never be pleased if you're seeking that.
A court has ruled that Kim Dotcom can sue New Zealand's foreign intelligence agency for illegally spying on them for a US online piracy probe.
The New Zealand Court of Appeal refused a government request on Thursday to overturn a High Court decision that said the German Megaupload founder could seek damages from the Government Communications Security Bureau (GCSB) over their treatment.
The ruling means the GCSB will have to disclose to Dotcom's defence some details of information-sharing arrangements it had with foreign agencies, including US authorities, before the German internet tycoon's arrest in January 2012.
"This will strengthen our case in so far as GCSB remains a party to the proceedings," said William Akel, one of Dotcom's lawyers.
It emerged last September that the GCSB spied on Dotcom before armed police raided their Auckland mansion at the request of US authorities in January 2012.
Dotcom, who changed their name from Kim Schmidt, is a New Zealand resident and should have been off-limits to the agency.
New Zealand's Prime Minister John Key apologised after an official report revealed that GCSB illegally carried out surveillance on Dotcom.
The US Federal Bureau of Investigation accuses Dotcom of leading a group that netted $175 million since 2005 by copying and distributing copyrighted content without authorisation.
Compensation suit
Lawyers had argued that the government should not be required to be named twice as a defendant in the compensation suit, given that it is already listed as representing New Zealand police.
"It is preferable to require the addition of the Attorney-General as a separate party in respect of each Government entity in respect of which they or they are sued," the Appeals Court said in a written statement.
But the court limited the amount of GCSB evidence that Dotcom and their associates could access. It said that only evidence relevant to the case that was given to police would be passed on to their legal team.
Dotcom and their colleagues are fighting extradition to the US to where they are wanted on charges of online piracy, fraud and money laundering in relation to their website Megaupload. It was one of the world's most popular file-sharing sites before it was shut down last year.
The flamboyant entrepreneur maintains that Megaupload simply provided online storage services and should not be held
responsible for stored content.
Dotcom's case suffered a setback last week when a New Zealand court ruled that the US did not have to hand over all of its evidence against him.
 They are due to appear at an extradition hearing in August.
LEXINGTON, Ky. — On a sun-drenched May morning on the 460-acre Stonestreet Farm, Rachel Alexandra, a member of racing royalty, emerged from a 16-by-16 oak-paneled stall in a barn named Cabernet.
They showed no signs of distress as they did the day after giving birth to a 140-pound filly by Bernardini in February. Rachel Alexandra, who in 2009 became the first filly to win the Preakness Stakes in 85 years, was nearly back to their old self as their hooves clip-clopped on the asphalt on the way to their paddock.
At 2:30 a.m. on Feb. 12, Rachel produced a filly with a marking on their head resembling a heart. It seemed an uneventful labor, and the birth was announced with a picture of mother and baby on Twitter.
What was unusual was the foal's size, the biggest at Stonestreet so far in the season and 15 pounds heavier than their first foal. That foal was a colt named Jess's Dream by the two-time horse of the year Curlin, who also raced for Jess Jackson, the founder of Stonestreet and the Kendall-Jackson winery. By comparison, the first foal from Zenyatta, who concurrently captured the hearts of casual fans, was a 130-pound colt by Bernardini, winner of the 2006 Preakness.
Story highlights Beitar Jerusalem offices are set on fire days after it signed Muslim players
Football club supporters are arrested for making racist remarks
Fans wave a banner at a match that says "Beitar -- pure forever"
No one was injured in the fire, police say
Arsonists attacked the administrative offices of leading Israeli football club Beitar Jerusalem on Friday, police said. The attack occurred just days after the club signed two Muslim players.
No one was injured in the fire, which was discovered around 5 a.m., police said. But the blaze damaged the club's trophy room.
Last Thursday, four club supporters were arrested on charges of making racist chants, apparently directed at the Beitar's newest players, Zaur Sadaev and Dzhabrail Kadaev. They came from Russian League club Terek Grozny, based in Chechnya.
On the same day they were signed, January 26, fans at a Beitar match waved a banner reading "Beitar -- pure forever" and chanted anti-Arab slogans. Four were arrested.
The Israeli Football Association later fined Beitar $15,000 and ordered the club to close the area at the Teddy Kollek Stadium where the club's hardcore supporters usually gather.
Meanwhile, investigators continue to figure out who is behind the arson attack.
"A thorough investigation has been opened by a Special Investigations Unit searching for suspects that fled the scene," police spokesperson Micky Rosenfeld said.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu condemned the "shameful" arson attack in a statement issued Friday.
"We cannot accept such racist behavior," they said.
Beitar's general manager, Itzik Kornfein, issued a defiant message, saying the club would stand by its signing of Sadaev and Kadaev.
They said bringing them on was the "right decision," despite the subsequent controversy.
"We will keep strong," they told CNN.
"The club won't change it's mind because of these criminals," they said. "But I want to emphasize that a minority of people have been causing these actions. Beitar and most of its fans are not racist."
Rosenfeld said security will be stepped up ahead of Beitar's home match Sunday in the Israeli League against Bnei Sachnin, an Arab-Israeli team.
Beitar, owned by Russian-Israeli Arkady Gaydamak, was founded in 1948.
The club's crest features the menorah, which is also embedded in the emblem of the state of Israel.
Throughout the club's history many of their fans have remained implacably opposed to the signing of Arab or Muslim players.
Multiple instances of election fraud have been exposed by a new report in Philadelphia. The democrats are claiming voter fraud doesn't occur or it's only accidental, but this report by WPVI shows that there are tons of cases of dead voters continuing to vote even a decade after they passed away.
From WPVI:
Republican candidate Donald Trump has made allegations of fraud at polls in the City of Philadelphia.
So, Action News dug through a decade's worth of election and death records to see if there was any truth to the claim.
Some of what Action News Investigates found was stunning.
Rita A. Pezzano, who passed a decade ago, was found listed as an active voter. Them daughter-in-law was shocked when we shared the news.
“I was about 7 months pregnant when they died,” said Audrey Marchiano.
“So they have been dead about 10 years now?” asked Investigative Reporter Wendy Saltzman.
“Yes,” said Marchiano.
Pezzano passed in 2006. But state voting records show the South Philadelphia native still listed as an “Active Voter” who cast ballots in 2008, 2012, 2014, and the 2016 primary election.
Wendy Saltzman asked Marchiano if there was any way Pezzano could have voted in 2016.
“Not if they were dead,” Marchiano replied. “So no.”
Our investigation also found Joseph B. Haggarty resting peacefully in a Bucks County cemetery. Their grave marker confirmed they died in 2010, but records show they voted five years after their death.
“Any chance they voted in 2015?” Wendy Saltzman asked a neighbor.
“I'm sure they didn't, personally. God rest their soul, he's long gone,” they replied.
Action News also found Paul Bunch, who died in 2006, also cast a vote in this year's primary which was nearly ten years after death records show they died.
Wendy Saltzman asked Bunch's former neighbor if that seemed impossible.
“I believe so. It sounds like it, unless they are coming back from the dead,” they said.
Continue reading…
Nonhlanhla Kunene | 07 February, 2017
The tax year-end is around the corner, bringing with it familiar calls from tax-free savings providers urging investors to maximise their investments and meet their R30,000 annual limits.
From 1 March, a new cycle begins and investors are faced with that all-important decision about where to stash their hard-earned savings in the 2017 tax-free cycle. Will you be keeping your cash account? Are you going to be leaving it to the pros this time with a unit trust investment, or finally indulge your appetite for risk and go all out with an aggressive investment on the stock exchange?
The possibilities are almost endless and given the volatile economic times, making good financial decisions is a tricky endeavour. At savetaxfree.co.za we're all about making your life easier and to reduce the stress of your decision-making process, we've engaged a few experts on the tax-free front to find out how you can play your cards right in 2017?
Considering the challenging economic climate and given the limited investment options available to tax-free investors, what would be the most ideal strategy for investors in the 2017 cycle?
Peter Hugo, MD at Prudential Investment Managers, says the “best” strategy for 2017 would be one where tax-free products are fitted within a long-term investment plan.
To be more specific, they say Prudential has gone into the first quarter overweight on SA bonds, SA equity and SA listed property in its multi-asset class portfolios. “These are attractive relative to their long-term history and offer the best chance of outperformance over the medium term.”
Prudential remains neutral on offshore equity and underweight in offshore sovereign bonds, SA inflation-linked bonds and SA cash. Hugo says these are trading at expensive levels compared with their long-term history.
ETF strategist and advisor at ETFSA, Nerina Visser, says for her, the rule of thumb is for investors not to use their accounts for short-term goals. “I don't particularly agree with the way tax-free savings are advertised as a vehicle to for short-term savings that one can deposit and withdraw at any time. Tax-free savings should not be viewed as vehicle for “parking cash” for children's education, vacations or other such short-term goals.”
Building real capital takes time, which is why Visser believes investors should ideally have a 10 year investment horizon. They suggest that investors take a more long-term approach with their tax-free investments in order to maximise and realise the full benefits of the interest, dividends and capital gains they'd be accruing tax-free.
When it comes to strategy, Visser says property remains an attractive option. “If I had to pick one stock, I would go for property. Not only for its good yields, but for it potential for capital gains.”
For greater diversification, however, Visser suggests a balanced fund, holding a broad range of assets classes to minimise risk and maximise potential for income and capital growth.
Gareth van der Merwe, private wealth manager at Resolute Wealth concurs, adding that although tax-free savings are liquid investment vehicles, they should rather be viewed as long-term retirement products. They recommend that investors diversify their portfolios by investing in three to five different funds to ensure they don't have all of their eggs in one basket.
“In terms of which asset classes to invest in, as the tax-free savings account should be seen as a long-term investment, we recommend a high weighting towards equities, both local and foreign, up to 35% each. The remainder should consist of property, up to 15%, and the remaining 15% to be split across the remaining asset classes of cash and bonds to ensure a bit of stability within the portfolio.”
What factors should investors take into consideration when deciding on the most appropriate investment vehicle?
Before investing in any particular investment, Van der Merwe feels investors should consider the following key factors:
Time frame: Consider the various options available for the different investment terms. For example, if you have a short-time horizon, ensure you do not lock in your money by investing in a retirement or endowment product.
Access to funds: If you will need access to the funds in the short term, a unit trust is for you, which includes a tax-free savings account. As mentioned above, endowments and retirement annuities have an initial investment term before you would be able to access the funds, which therefore would not be an option.
Tax benefits: If you want to reduce taxes, consider these options:
A retirement annuity where all contributions up to 27.5% of your salary are tax deductible, up to a maximum of R350,000 per year. No tax is payable on the first R500,000 from age 55 and no capital gains tax is payable.
An endowment policy is taxed at a flat rate of 30% within the product as opposed to taxed at your personal income tax rate. If your personal tax rate is higher than 30% and you do not need access to your funds for five years, this could be an option for you.
A tax-free savings account where no tax is payable, as long as you adhere to the maximum annual and lifetime contributions.
For Hugo, the key to maximising investment benefits is through combining tax-free investments with other vehicles and allowances as part of a holistic, long-term investment plan. They say investors should choose long-term growth investments with inflation-beating returns and remember to invest for their families. They believe doing so can optimise your family's overall investment portfolios quite substantially, and that the tax savings together with an optimal investment strategy could have a significantly positive impact on your long-term returns.
“For those who are concerned that the R30,000 limits per individual per year is a relatively small amount of capital on which to save tax, they should remember that children can also contribute up to the annual limit. A family of four could therefore be contributing R120,000 every year, subject to a collective lifetime limit of R2m, a substantial sum of money to invest tax-free in anyone's book.”
Below, Hugo gives an illustration of how a tax-free investment could best be used alongside other vehicles as part of a long-term investment plan, considering a typical family of four:
Both parents could invest up to 27.5% of their taxable income in their company retirement funds, up to a maximum R350,000 each annually.
The family could then invest up to 4 x R33,000 annually in tax-free savings vehicles. With no retirement investment restrictions (dictated by Regulation 28), they can hold more than 25% in offshore assets or listed property, and more than 75% in equities. This flexibility could effectively counterbalance the Regulation 28 limitations imposed on retirement annuities if the family requires it as part of their long-term strategy – for example, they may need more exposure to equities or offshore assets. Also remember that they can access these funds at any time.
The family could invest any additional savings in unit trusts in their own names, and by using their combined annual interest and CGT exemptions, this could result in another substantial amount invested effectively tax-free. For example, they could each invest up to about R1.6m in the Prudential Balanced Fund and pay no taxes on their earnings by using their exemptions. Again, no investment or liquidity restrictions apply on these investments.
Finally, if the family's marginal tax rate is over 30%, they can consider investing in an endowment policy.
Offering a somewhat diverse perspective, Visser believes that before investors take the leap, they should consider what investment vehicle would be most beneficial, taking into account various factors, including their current tax bracket.
“This takes us back to the age old RA vs tax-free debate. There's no doubt that retirement annuities come with numerous benefits, including tax break and the fact that they're protected from creditors. However, these benefits are most geared towards high net worth individuals, falling in a higher tax bracket. For people earning below a certain threshold, a tax-free savings account may actually be a more viable vehicle for retirement saving, when considering how income earned from interest and capital gains over the years will not be subject to taxation, based on your tax bracket.”
A lack of necessary skills is almost always the gap between idea and execution.
You've surely experienced the frustration that happens when you see an opportunity in your life, but lack the knowledge to act on it. We all have. You know you deserve to make more money, but you don't know how to negotiate. You have a genius idea for a business, but you don't know how to sell.
If you've ever tried to research and learn a new skill, you've run into two schools of thought:
The 10,000 hour rule. This is the old school belief that to master a skill, you need to dedicate 10,000 hours to learning and perfecting it.
The “Just Enough” method. This is particularly popular with online coaches. The idea is that you don't have to be an expert, you have to learn “just enough” to be functional.
Both these schools have their merits, but neither are a complete solution.
If you try to gain 10,000 hours of negotiating experience before asking them to show you the money, you'll be a decade older with nothing to show for it.
If you learn just enough to negotiate a slight raise now, you might get what you're looking for in the short-term, but at every level you'll still fail to earn what you're worth.
I teach my clients a system for building skills that enables them to rapidly—within days or weeks —reach a high level of competence (relying on the 80/20 Principle), while at the same time taking the daily actions that build to mastery over time.
How do you get enough skill to be dangerous and get what you want now, and keep becoming more dangerous over time?
Step 1: Recognize The Skill You're Lacking
Oftentimes, we assume we know exactly what we need to learn. This is typically wrong. More often than not, the area we're lacking in is an unconscious incompetency—an “unknown unknown,” or a skill we aren't aware we need to learn.
The most common example for many high performing professionals is communication. While most professionals have some natural communication skill, when a highly trained communicator steps into their meetings, they get dragged around like a dog on a leash.
To figure out what skill you're lacking, ask yourself a hard question: What skill are you pretending that you already have?
When it comes to skills we don't value, we're comfortable admitting we're lacking (I, for example, am the most tragically awkward dancer you've met). However, when it comes to skills we think are important, we tend to assume we're at least decent.
I kidded myself for years pretending I had all the most important skills. Nearly all of my clients have too. What are those skills for you? What do you most need to learn to get what you want?
Step 2: Accumulate Knowledge At Breakneck Speed
In our consulting business, I over-talk Richard Koch's book, The 80/20 Principle.
The basic idea is that 20% of your actions will spur 80% of your success. High-performers apply this general principle to the learning process. If 20% of the information you intake will lead to 80% of your results, how do you avoid wasting time learning less valuable information?
You do this by reverse engineering the result you want. For example, if you had to teach someone very very quickly to drive a car, what are the 5 principles you would drill into them? Quick, you've got 2.5 minutes to get this person driving, what do they need to know?
You wouldn't have them learn the physics of a combustion engine, you'd teach them very basic information:
How to make the car accelerate and reverse.
How to brake.
How to use mirrors.
Basic traffic laws.
How to park.
Now, ask yourself the same thing about the skills you want to learn? What must you know to be dangerous fast?
Remember: David didn't train fighting the giant. They trained being excellent with a slingshot.
Step 3: Jump In Fast And Learn As You Go
I learned public speaking by speaking publicly.
Some people think it's harder that way, but honestly, practice speeches are only useful for practice audiences.
If you want to ski, learn enough, then go ski. Want to learn to write? Learn the basics of grammar and storytelling, and then start writing every day.
Take the skill you are learning, and figure out the minimum viable level of proficiency you need to act on it. For instance, if you only know how to accelerate, you aren't proficient enough to drive.
If you can drive well enough to commute, but don't know how to drift like a professional driver, you're proficient enough to get on the road. Then, you can learn more as you go. Maybe you want to be a stunt driver and learn more, maybe you just need enough know-how to get to work.
Read one book and you'll know if you want to read another 10. Learn one step in negotiating, and you'll see how easy it is to learn the final 3.
This step works so well because it keeps you from endlessly deliberating. Once you're actually engaged with your goal, your experience will dictate what you need to learn.
When you take action, you get moving, and you bring your skills along with you.
Step 4: Develop a Daily Practice for Mastery
If you're following the steps listed above, you're getting good fast. Now, you want to put in place a practice that enables you to keep getting better and better over time.
You want to create a daily routine that reinforces good habits and pushes you forward. For example, if you were going to continue developing your negotiating skills, you might:
Pick up a book on negotiating to read each week. Every Saturday, sit down for an hour and write down in your Daily Exercises 1 good tactic from the book that you're going to put to work each day this coming week. Find an opportunity to negotiate every day (discount on your coffee, whatever!) and test your tactic.
Imagine if you did this for one full year. Seriously! Even if you just read that one book all year and put to work a new practice every day, can you imagine how good you would get?
One year is an eternity in skills development:
Once our brains habituate a new skill (e.g. learning the alphabet), it becomes second nature to you, hence the importance of repetition, practicing daily, and using your Daily Exercises.
But What If I Can't Find The Time?
Make the time. That's why I suggest that every person master the skill of time management.
How many things did you do today that didn't directly move the needle in your life? To master your life you want to master your time.
I write about them all the time—some of you guys think I actually am suggesting that you eat real frog—but read Eat that Frog by Brian Tracy and you'll have plenty of time to learn what you need to learn.
You don't find time in life. You make time.
In the end it comes down to how much you want it.
You can spend your life unconscious, pretending that you're highly skilled and that for one reason or another you're failing to get what you want.
Or you can get better. Not just to win more, but because it feels awesome to get better.
Former Breitbart News reporter Michelle Fields appeared on CNN's “Reliable Sources” Sunday for their first interview since their battery charges against Donald Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski were dropped last week.
Fields has been at the center of a media storm since they accused Lewandowski of forcefully grabbing their arm and nearly throwing them to the ground at a campaign event for the Republican presidential candidate in Jupiter, Fla., last month. But, they told CNN's Brian Stelter, the controversy is less about the alleged manhandling itself than the Trump campaign's dismissive response to their claim.
“The reason why it's such a huge story is because Corey lied, Donald Trump lied, they defamed me,” said Fields, who resigned from Breitbart News after they said management at the conservative website failed to adequately support them in the wake of the alleged altercation. “They went on this huge smear campaign against me, and I think it sheds light on the character of the campaign.”
Trump publicly defended Lewandowski after Jupiter police charged them with simple battery last month, arguing that Fields was actually “grabbing at me” and that their campaign manager was “acting as an intermediary.”
On Twitter, Trump further attempted to put the blame on Fields, accusing the reporter of changing their story and claiming that they were inappropriately grabbing them and shouting questions after their Florida press conference had finished.
“Can I press charges?” Trump tweeted mockingly.
Asked about Palm Beach County District Attorney Dave Aronberg's decision last week to not pursue the assault charges against Lewandowski, Fields suggested the prosecutor may have been motivated by personal ties to Trump.
“You look at the prosecutor's wife's social media, they are at Mar-a-Lago, Trump's resort, all of the time,” Fields said, noting that the website for Lynn Aronberg's public relations firm prominently features photos of the prosecutor's wife with Donald and Melania Trump. “I can't speak for anyone else, but if I was a prosecutor and my wife was trying to monetize their relationship with Donald Trump and it's right there on their website, and I'm partying all the time at Mar-a-Lago, I would recuse myself from the situation and the case.”
Meanwhile, Lewandowski praised Aronberg's decision and declined to apologize to Fields during their own TV appearance Sunday.
“I'd be happy to have a conversation with them But to apologize to someone I've never spoken to and, candidly, don't ever remember having any interaction with is something that is a little unrealistic right now,” Lewandowski told Fox News' Chris Wallace. “I'd be happy to have that conversation if we could put this thing behind us.”
CLOSE Former Cathedral and Gophers standout defenseman surprised by news that they are leaving Washington Capitals
Washington Capitals defenseman Nate Schmidt (88) celebrates their goal as they skate to the bench during the first period of an NHL hockey game against the Minnesota Wild, Tuesday, March 14, 2017, in Washington. (AP Photo/Nick Wass) (Photo: The Associated Press)
Nate Schmidt has learned a life-changing event is about to happen whenever they work at the Minnesota Select 15 Summer Development Hockey Camp, at the Herb Brooks National Hockey Center.
In 2015, Schmidt signed a two-year contract extension with the NHL's Washington Capitals while they were working at the camp. Wednesday morning working at the camp, the Cathedral High School graduate found out that they were one of 30 players taken by the Las Vegas Golden Knights in the NHL expansion draft.
"After practice, we were walking to go work out about 9, 9:30 in the morning and I get a call from my agent and I'm like, 'Nah, I'll call them back,' " Schmidt said. "Then I got another call and I thought, 'Yeah, I should actually take this.'
"He said the list was submitted and you were selected and you're going to Vegas and you can't say anything yet and you've got to keep it all under wraps all day, but everything got leaked out anyway."
The official announcement of the players selected by the expansion Golden Knights was Wednesday night during the NHL's annual postseason awards show at T-Mobile Arena, where Las Vegas will play its home games.
Schmidt said it was an odd day and tried to ignore the phone calls they got after talking to their agent — until they got a call from Las Vegas general manager George McPhee.
"It was actually kind of hard to work out yesterday because my mind was going in about 1,000 different directions," said Schmidt, a 6-foot, 195-pound defenseman who turns 26 in July. "My phone started buzzing while I was on the bench for our game yesterday and I finally looked and it was (McPhee). I thought, 'This is one I can't let go.'
"So I ran off the bench to take it."
(Photo: The Associated Press)
Leaving Washington
While there was the positive feeling of being picked by Las Vegas, there was also leaving the lone pro franchise that Schmidt has played for.
"It's a bittersweet day because you're excited about moving on and a chance to play a bigger role with a brand-new team, which is going to be a pretty good team," said Schmidt, who had been with Washington since 2013. "But the flip side is not being able to see your best buddies, guys that you grew up with in the minors and the friendships you made.
"Thankfully, I already have a buddy of mine already there in (Erik) Haula and it's easier knowing there's a guy on the team you already know," Schmidt said, referring to the former Gophers forward who was also picked by Las Vegas. "But it was tough talking to the (Capitals) guys yesterday. (Goalie Braden) Holtby called and said, 'You've got to tell me.' He's one of my best buddies on the team and they were bummed. No one thought it was going to happen."
Schmidt said that the rumors during the season were that Washington's other goalie, Phillip Grubauer, was going to be taken by Las Vegas.
"It was a difficult day and an overwhelming day with everything that happened," Schmidt said. "But it was also good because it's a team that wants you and I know George (McPhee), who signed me as a free agent out of college. They called me up and said, 'We're so excited to have you, so excited to see you were unprotected because you were one of the guys we really wanted."
McPhee was the general manager for the Washington Capitals for 17 years. Schmidt, who was a free agent during their three seasons playing for the University of Minnesota, said McPhee began having conversations about signing them after their sophomore year with the Gophers.
"He called me into their office when I was a sophomore at Minnesota and said, 'Schmidty, we want to sign you but I'm not going to let you (sign). I want you to back to school and then we'll talk again,'" Schmidt said of McPhee. "I thought that was pretty cool to say that to me at that age. A lot of GMs don't think about guys on a personal level."
Toronto Maple Leafs right wing Connor Brown, right, tries to gain control of the puck as Washington Capitals defenseman Nate Schmidt defends in game six of the first round of the 2017 Stanley Cup Playoffs at Air Canada Centre in Toronto. (Photo: Tom Szczerbowski, USA TODAY Sports)
Last season
Their junior season, Schmidt was an All-American and signed with the Capitals after the season. Schmidt split the 2013-14 and 2014-15 seasons between the Capitals and the Hershey Bears, their American Hockey League team.
After signing their two-year deal, Schmidt had two goals and 16 points in 72 regular season games and then one assist in 10 playoff games in 2015-16. Last season, Schmidt had three goals and 17 points in 60 regular season games and Washington had the best record in the league.
The Capitals also made a deal at the trade deadline for defenseman Kevin Shattenkirk, which cut into Schmidt's playing time. But Schmidt ended up playing in 11 of Washington's 13 playoff games and had a goal and four points.
"It was a year where a lot of things changed because I played the off side (defensively) and with Brooks Orpik and I'd never played with him," they said of their defensive partner. "The year really changed after the trade deadline and it's not personal.
"They went and got an Olympic defenseman in Kevin Shattenkirk and the season got flipped upside down for me. But then I played well in the big playoff games and I'm in a situation where another team wants you."
Even though Schmidt was taken by the Golden Knights, there remains a chance they will never play a game for them.  They are a restricted free agent and Las Vegas took 13 defensemen in the draft.
"Hopefully, we can get something done and we've had some talks with them already," they said of their contract status. "George said that they've got the NHL Draft now and then we'll talk to you and some of the other guys we need to get signed for next year and we'll go from there.
"People always say that defensemen are a hot commodity now because the game is evolving and everyone needs puck-moving 'D' and guys who can skate and move. When I looked at (Las Vegas' roster), I thought, 'Wow, that's quite a few good defensemen. George said they're going to have to make some moves to shore up their forwards."
Schmidt has worked at the Select 15 camp for seven years, working their way up from a counselor after their first-year student season of college to being a coach. They said they enjoy working the camp for a number of reasons and then made light of the big news that seems to happen when they are there.
"If I want my life to have big, altering events, I come here," they said with a laugh.
Follow Mick Hatten on Twitter, Instagram and at Facebook.com/sctimesmick. Reach them by phone at 259-3621.
Encryption saves lives. The largest users of encryption have been military forces – secret messages have helped win wars, laying the foundation for the United States today. It was the trump card of the military… It was the trump card of the nation… and, as it always was and should be, encryption is we the peoples' trump card.
Encryption: Make your internet traffic go from “Hello World” to “$%!#.”
Mankind created all the technologies that have shaped our world. Mankind created weapons. Mankind created laws. Mankind created books. Mankind created computers. Mankind created cameras. Mankind created the Internet.
Mankind creates technology, and of all eras thus far, we are the technology era.
We come in peace, but we come prepared.
We are the people, and we will always be ahead of those seeking to enslave us.
All people were created equal.
Government officials can create laws, but we can create technologies.
Mankind created encryption, and it makes things unreadable. Encryption exists, and all humankind will use it ?. They censor us, so we'll censor ourselves too… from them. How do you tell someone to ^%#% off? You make it so all they see is you FLICKing them the ^%#% off.
Expect us.
And please remember, society is big, and we are one in solidarity. Just band together. We the people are the most powerful force in the world.
Hello world…
Let's #FLICKThemOff and fly to freedom.
Ya dig?
Join others at reddit.com/r/KeepOurNetFree.
A MAN WAS shot at about 1 a.m. Tuesday, June 28, in the 5300 block of West Cornelia Avenue, according to 16th (Jefferson Park) District police.
The 30-year-old man reported that a car containing four men was driven around the block and a man in the vehicle asked their gang affiliation several times, according to police. The man said that they ignored the men and continued walking and that they heard two shots and discovered blood on their head and neck, police said. The man was treated at Community First Medical Center, police said.
A MAN REPORTED that a man in a car fired a gun at them in an apparent gang-related incident at about 4:20 a.m. Tuesday, June 28, in the 5900 block of West Sunnyside Avenue, according to 16th (Jefferson Park) District police.
The 19-year-old man reported that someone in a passing car fired a gun at him, according to police.
A MAN REPORTED that they were robbed at about 11 a.m. Thursday, June 30, in the 7700 block of West Belmont Avenue, according to 16th (Jefferson Park) District police.
The 24-year-old man reported that three men attacked him, punching them in the face, and took their wallet containing $300, their driver's license and their keys, and a cell phone, according to police.
A WOMAN reported that they were robbed at about 5 p.m. Monday, July 4, in the 5600 block of West Belmont Avenue, according to 16th (Jefferson Park) District police.
The 82-year-old woman reported that as a man took their purse containing a bank checkbook from their cart and rode away on a bicycle, according to police.
A WOMAN reported they were robbed at about 2 p.m. Wednesday, June 29, in the 3200 block of North New England Avenue, according to 16th (Jefferson Park) District police.
The 83-year-old woman reported that a man approached them from behind and took their wallet containing their social security card, a Medicaid card and $50 from their pocket, according to police.
A CTA bus driver reported that a man threatened them at about 2:30 a.m. Sunday, July 3, on a bus in the 4800 block of North Cicero Avenue, according to 16th (Jefferson Park) District police.
The 48-year-old woman reported that when they told a man who was drinking beer to leave, the man shouted at them and threatened them and that when they saw other passengers calling police they said that they would shoot them if they saw them again and got off the bus, according to police.
TWO TEENAGERS were arrested after they allegedly threatened a man at about 11:15 p.m. Wednesday, June 29, in the 5200 block of North Melvina Avenue, according to 16th (Jefferson Park) District police.
A 21-year-old man reported that two teenagers approached their car and attempted to open the doors, and that when they got out of theirs they threatened to beat them up, according to police.
The suspects were identified by police as a 17-year-old male and a 16-year-old male.
THE OWNER of Mobile Audio and Alarm store, 4101 N. Milwaukee Ave., reported that the business was burglarized between 6 p.m. Saturday, July 2, and 9:30 a.m. the following day, according to 16th (Jefferson Park) District police.
The man reported that they discovered that the rear door had been forced open and that a security camera system, five digital video discs, 12 vehicle speakers, 15 remote starters, five amplifiers and $120 in cash were missing, according to police.
A WOMAN reported that their home in the 3800 block of North Lamon Avenue was burglarized between 7 p.m. Friday, July 1, and midnight the following day, according to 16th (Jefferson Park) District police.
The woman reported that when they returned home they discovered that a side window had been forced open and that $460 in cash was missing, according to police.
A MAN REPORTED that their apartment in the 6500 block of West Roscoe Street was burglarized between 4 p.m. and 8:30 p.m. Saturday, June 23, according to 16th (Jefferson Park) District police.
The man reported that they discovered that $5,600 in cash was missing from the apartment, according to police.
A WOMAN reported that the their car was burglarized between 11 p.m. Friday, July 1, and 8 a.m. the following day, while it was parked in the 5600 block of North Melvina Avenue, according to 16th (Jefferson Park) District police.
The woman reported that they discovered that a passenger-side window was broken and a purse containing $2,500 was missing, according to police.
A MAN REPORTED that a man broke into their car at about 3:05 a.m. Friday, July 1, while it was parked in the 6100 block of North Legett Avenue, according to 16th (Jefferson Park) District police.
The 34-year-old man reported that they saw a man searching their vehicle and that when they shouted at him, the man fled to a waiting car, according to police.
Thefts
SEVERAL THEFTS from vehicles were reported between June 27 and July 4, according to 16th (Jefferson Park) District police.
Thefts were reported in the 6000 block of West Ardmore Avenue, the 6500 block of North Waukesha Avenue, the 4100 block of North Dickinson Avenue, the 4800 block of West Carmen Avenue, the 3400 and 5500 blocks of North Osceola Avenue and the 6300 block of North Legett Avenue, according to police.
Also, in the 6200 block of North Leona Avenue, the 6300 block of North Lenox Avenue, the 3900 block of North Newland Avenue, the 5700 block of North Harlem Avenue, the 3500 block of North Lockwood Avenue, the 6000 block of North Leader Avenue, the 5500 block of North Olcott Avenue, the 5800 block of North Overhill Avenue and the 5800 block of West Higgins Avenue, police said.
In most of the incidents, the vehicles were unlocked, police said.
NBN Co will make more changes to its broadband pricing structure to encourage retail service providers to purchase more bandwidth, forecasting that the fees will drop by almost half in the coming years.
The long-criticised connectivity virtual circuit (CVC) charge RSPs pay for bandwidth has until recently sat at $17.50 per Mbps per month.
The flat rate caused retail service providers to underprovision CVC in order to avoid the large costs associated with offering customers higher quota plans.
It ran contrary to the volume discounts on offer in the telco industry for high data usage, and resulted in lower internet speeds for end users in peak periods.
NBN Co in June therefore embarked on a two-year trial of a tiered discount model, with pricing ranging from $11.50 for the most volume purchased to $17.50 for the lowest.
While the changes were tentatively welcomed by NBN resellers, the network builder's decision to base its new fee structure on average usage across the industry was not well received.
RSPs claimed the model would "hamstring" some resellers by judging them on what others in the industry were doing.
At the time NBN Co said it would look at moving to a tailored model - where an RSP's purchased bandwidth is divided by its number of customers to find its average - down the track.
NBN Co CEO Bill Morrow today told a senate estimates committee the network builder intended to implement the change to an RSP-led CVC model early next year "if all goes well".
They said the model would allow RSPs to further differentiate their products and offer customers lower prices for more data use.
NBN Co is forecasting CVC pricing will drop to near $10 per unit as data usage increases over the network, Morrow said - a fall of 42 percent on the previous $17.50 charge.
(Reuters) - Amazon.com Inc has sued four websites to stop them from selling fake, positive product reviews.
A box from Amazon.com is pictured on the porch of a house in Golden, Colorado July 23, 2008. REUTERS/Rick Wilking
In a complaint filed on Wednesday in King County Superior Court in Washington, Amazon said the bogus reviews undermine a system that the Seattle-based online retailer launched 20 years ago to help shoppers using its website decide what to buy.
Four- and five-star reviews can aid sales, especially if customers perceive them as unbiased.
But Amazon said the defendants are misleading customers, and through their activity generating improper profit for themselves and a “handful” of dishonest sellers and manufacturers.
“While small in number, these reviews threaten to undermine the trust that customers, and the vast majority of sellers and manufacturers, place in Amazon, thereby tarnishing Amazon's brand,” the complaint said.
The defendants include Jay Gentile, a California man who allegedly runs buyazonreviews.com, as well as unnamed operators of buyamazonreviews.com, bayreviews.net and buyreviewsnow.com, according to the complaint.
Amazon said the defendants have caused reviews to be posted on its website intermittently, through a “slow drip” designed to evade its detection systems, at a typical cost of $19 to $22 per review.
The defendants did not immediately respond on Thursday to requests for comment or could not immediately be reached.
Amazon's lawsuit accuses the various defendants of trademark infringement, and violations of federal anti-cybersquatting and Washington consumer protection laws.
It seeks a halt to the alleged fake reviews and improper use of the Amazon name, as well as compensatory and triple damages.
Yelp Inc, which lets consumers post reviews to its website, on Feb. 13 sued yelpdirector.com's alleged operators, accusing them of trying to help businesses through posting positive reviews and suppressing bad reviews. The defendants have not responded to that complaint, court records show.
The case is Amazon.com Inc v. Gentile et al, Washington State Superior Court, King County, No. 15-2-08579-4.
Police say man claiming to be robbed was really shot accidentally
A man who walked into a Chicago hospital early Friday claiming he'd been shot during an attempted robbery was actually injured when a gun went off accidentally inside a car, according to police.
The 21-year-old showed up at a hospital about 3:15 a.m. with a gunshot wound to the neck, according to Park Ridge police. Their injury did not appear to be life-threatening.
The victim said they and another 21-year-old man were in a vehicle stopped at a traffic light in the 1400 block of West Higgins Road in Park Ridge, police said. A man walked up to the passenger side and demanded money, and that's when the man realized he'd been shot, they told police.
They said the suspect ran away and the other man drove them to the hospital, police said. The first hospital was not equipped to treat them and they were transferred via ambulance to another hospital. Their condition was not disclosed.
Police investigating the incident later said the man fabricated the story.
“Based on forensic evidence and revised statements from those involved, investigators are now working under the premise that gunshot injury was the result of an accidental discharge inside the vehicle and that the initial reports of a robbery are unfounded,” a statement from police said.
The investigation continues, and police did not say which person in the care fired the gun accidentally.
A man in Yunnan recently discovered that he'd been raising two Asian black bears for the past two years under the impression that they were dogs. Asian black bears, mind, are listed as a class II protected species and are most certainly not dogs.
The man, Wang Kaiyu, owns a banana farm in Jinchang Town, near the boarder of Vietnam, China News reports. Two years ago, a Vietnamese man was passing by the area with two “good looking” pups, and Wang decided to buy them off the man, they told reporters.
For two years, they lovingly raised the “dogs”, bathing and pampering them every day. Wang said the animals were well-behaved but that their appetites were rapidly growing. They recalled a few times when their beloved pets caught and ate chickens on the farm.
As fate would have it, Wang saw a poster about wildlife protection at an exhibition hosted by the forest police, and the bells started ringing. Wang realised they had been accidentally raising two protected species.
After mulling it over, they decided they probably ought to send the bears away to the forest police in Maguan county in the hopes that they could be relocated to an appropriate habitat.
On June 30, the forest police contacted the Wildlife Rescue and Rehabilitation Centre of Yunnan province and the two bears were sent there for protection. A spokesperson from the centre, surnamed Feng, confirmed that the two animals are Asian black bears of different gender, and that they are currently in good health.
By Crystal Lau
[Images via China News]
Share this: Pocket
Telegram
Print
Mr. Obama has said they would not allow Congress to simply pass a new law to override the $1 trillion in automatic cuts agreed to in the Budget Control Act of 2011, but senators said they believed the White House would go along with a deal that locks in as much as four times those savings in exchange for canceling the automatic cuts.
With both sides awaiting the outcome of the election, negotiators will not even try to determine how much money would come from the three components until after the voting, when, presumably, the victorious side would emerge with new leverage.
“A lot of what happens and when it happens depends on the outcome of the election,” said Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the Republican leader.
House Republicans, favored to retain control regardless of the presidential and Senate results, have not been part of the Senate talks so far and could be difficult to sway to back a package with significant new revenue even if it wins bipartisan Senate support.
Democratic leaders are already signaling a major stumbling block: they will accept no deal that extends Bush-era tax cuts for the rich, even for six months.
“President Obama has clearly stated they will not extend the Bush tax cuts for millionaires and billionaires, and I fully support their position,” Senator Harry Reid of Nevada, the majority leader, said in a statement. “Americans are sick and tired of simply kicking the can down the road and avoiding our nation's financial issues.”
Photo
Other senators, like Lindsey Graham, Republican of South Carolina, have counseled a more incremental approach to head off mandatory deep military cuts next year. Senator Richard J. Durbin of Illinois, the second-ranking Democrat, had suggested finding enough savings for a six-month delay on taxes and cuts to give negotiators more time.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
But Mr. McConnell compared the government to a ship sinking under the weight of Medicare and Social Security and said that temporarily holding off the automatic budget cuts and tax increases would not avert a disaster.
“Even if we rearrange the chairs, fix the tax thing, fix the sequester, the ship's still going down,” they said in an interview. “I want to deal with it altogether. The next best opportunity is the end of the year.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
With their party leaders's encouragement, Senators Michael Bennet, Democrat of Colorado, and Lamar Alexander, Republican of Tennessee, have begun talks on legislative language to lock a deficit reduction framework into law.
And pressure for a deal continues to grow. On Monday, the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center released a new study estimating that if nothing is done, the expiration of all the Bush-era tax cuts would raise taxes by more than $500 billion next year alone, an average increase of $3,500 per household. Middle-income families, it said, would see taxes rise by an average of almost $2,000.
Senator Tom Udall, Democrat of New Mexico, said figures like those and forecasts anticipating a recession if nothing is done have prompted some consideration for postponing any tax increases or spending cuts for a year. But they said lawmakers want to lock in action on the deficit now.
“You have to have the framework of a plan,” they said. “We need to find something that's going to make us come to the table and put our fiscal house in order.”
The two parties will have only weeks to reach an agreement between Election Day and Dec. 31, and they remain far apart on some fundamental issues besides tax cuts for the wealthy. House Speaker John A. Boehner of Ohio says they will not accept any deal that raises tax rates or “decouples” the Bush-era tax rates by extending some but allowing others to expire.
Senators have also failed to agree on a mechanism to enforce a deficit reduction plan. Mr. Durbin has suggested that if Congress cannot agree on changes to the tax code, entitlements and spending in six months, the automatic spending cuts and tax increases should go into effect.
But the bipartisan group of senators says that medicine has already proved too tough to swallow. Instead, the backstop should be an acceptable deficit reduction program like Simpson-Bowles.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“The idea is to put in place an end product upfront that is already fairly agreeable,” said a Senate official familiar with the plans. “You'd basically be giving Congress six months to improve upon it.”
After so many false starts, even those involved in the talks are reluctant to express much optimism.
Mr. McConnell and other Republicans said only the president could make a deal happen.
“I encourage all these discussions,” they said. “They're all good. But we need the president, whoever that is, to not be a bystander like this president, to step up to the plate, and do three things: make the deal, deliver the members of their party and sign the bill.”
Class action for live export ban compensation set to reveal evidence, lawyers say
Updated
Lawyers working on a class action against the Federal Government over the 2011 live export suspension say they are set to reveal strong evidence to support their case.
The Northern Territory Cattlemen's Association said it had nearly completed gathering evidence for its live export class action, which is calling for millions of dollars in compensation for pastoralists and industry members.
The industry body said the suit, which is being launched by law firm Minter Ellison, would launch after three years of unsuccessfully trying to negotiate its claim with the Federal Government.
The Brett Cattle Company, the lead claimant in the class action, would now be able to view the material that the former minister for agriculture Joe Ludwig used when they suspended live exports due to animal cruelty allegations in 2011.
NT Cattlemen's Association CEO Tracey Hayes said their claim that the suspension of trade was wrong would be vindicated.
"The material reviewed by law firm Minter Ellison supports Brett Cattle Company's points of claim and builds on the industry's long-held theory that the decision to suspend the trade in 2011 was rushed, made without real consultation and did little to actually improve trade or animal welfare conditions," Ms Hayes said.
Members of the Brett family, owners of the Brett Cattle Company, are leading the fight after losing millions of dollars when they could not send cattle to Indonesia from their station on the Northern Territory and West Australian border.
The open class action is believed to include the full breadth of industry players, from major corporates to smaller family-run pastoral stations.
"The next significant task is to complete the picture of what actually happened in the department and the minister's office in the days leading up to the ban and present our evidence to the court," Ms Hayes said.
Minter Ellison said it had also sought advice on the case from retired judge Roger Gyles QC.
A representative from the law firm said in Mr Gyles' evaluation of the draft statement of claim filed to the Federal Court, the action had a "meaningful prospect of liability being established".
Mr Gyles' report traced the events from when Mr Ludwig made their first order on June 2 banning the trade to 12 Indonesian abattoirs, to their blanket ban on all live exports to Indonesia five days later.
Ms Hayes said all potentially affected parties would now have the opportunity to opt out of the class action, which is the final formal step before the case proceeded to court.
The first hearing is expected to be in the second half of 2016.
Topics: rural, agricultural-policy, trade, courts-and-trials, darwin-0800
First posted
Manuel Uribe, who rose to fame due to their severe morbid obesity and battle to reign in their weight, has passed away at the age of 48. According to the Associated Press, Uribe was admitted to a Mexican hospital on May 2nd after suffering from an abnormal heartbeat and other complications related to liver failure. An exact cause of death has not yet been released.
In 2006, The Guinness Book of World Records recognized Uribe as the "World's Heaviest Man" after they topped the scales at 1,234 pounds.
"I had an obesity problem for many years, a very significant one. I was gaining and gaining weight. I was on every diet you can imagine," Uribe told ABC News' John Quiñones in January 2007. "I used to eat normal, just like all Mexicans do … beans, rice, flour tortilla, corn tortilla, French fries, hamburgers, subs and pizzas, whatever regular people eat. I worked as a technician, repairing typewriters, electronic calculators and computers. So I worked on a chair. It was a sedentary life," they said. After appealing for help on Mexican television, government officials responded by assigning a team of doctors and nutritionists to help Uribe drop the weight and regain some of their life back. Aa a result, Uribe lost more than 510 pounds - and was finally able to leave their room via a forklift - but the weight loss was still not enough to allow them to walk. At the time of their death, they had been bedridden since 2002, relying on friends and family to clean and feed him. Despite their condition, Uribe never gave up hope of one day regaining their health and leaving their bed. During their time in the spotlight, they actively encouraged people to avoid unhealthy snacking and focus on making nutrition a larger part of their lives. "I get lots of e-mails from people saying they are inspired by my progress and I want to get the word out about healthy eating," they said in 2008. "I'm not against people who sell junk food, but you've got to be informed not to eat it."
You can watch a TLC documentary on Uribe below.
Former 'World's Heaviest Man' passes away at age 48
Manuel Uribe, who once weighed over 1,200 pounds, dies after being hospitalized for several cardiac arrhythmias.
Fans of the color white have had enough. On Reddit, they're joining forces to resist the takeover of their color by racists.
You might say they're throwing shades.
As the Daily Beast reports, trolls on Reddit have gotten fed up with the encroachment by right-wing extremists onto the site's more mainstream areas. So they've taken over a few dormant white supremacist subreddits themselves — and filled them with topical debates about colors.
Reddit's r/WhitePolitics and r/Whites subreddits have both been taken over and turned into havens of color discussion. For example: The link described as “why whites must be separated from blacks” above directs to an article on laundry sorting.
The takeover is part of an established trend among Reddit users to hijack or preemptively create pernicious subreddits and turn them benign. For instance, in the murky online world of white supremacism, the word “stormfront” refers to the largest online community of neo-Nazis. On Reddit, however, proactive users created r/Stormfront before it could be created by racists, and now that subreddit routinely looks like this:
How did we get here? Basically, this is one delightful byproduct of Reddit's larger, rampant troll culture.
On Reddit, it's hard to gauge where the trolling ends and serious discussion begins
At some point over the life of Reddit — thanks to the site's constant interplay of ideological clashes, ironic use of the term “trolling,” and actual attempts to derail discussions intermingling with ironic attempts to pretend to derail discussions — it became pretty difficult to distinguish a “troll” takeover of a topic from, well, just a topic.
For instance, there's a popular “troll network” of subreddits devoted to memes, reaction GIFs, and jokes — but unlike countless other similar subreddits on the site, this network's defining trait is that its subreddits are attempting to be fundamentally safe spaces for women and other marginalized users.
Suffice it to say that this cheeky but benign side of Reddit's troll culture is so ingrained into the website at this point that for every “serious” community providing a legitimate space for white supremacists to express themselves, there's a trolly alternative.
Case in point: r/WhitePolitics. The takeover of that subreddit comes thanks to a dedicated group of users like Ianna Urquhuart, who uses the handle awkwardtheturtle.
Urquhart moderates hundreds of subreddits, including troll subs like r/The_Donaldd — dedicated to celebrating Donald Duck — and non-extremist subs like r/Alt_Right, dedicated to “studying the alt-right movement in [a] removed, objective, and at least semi-serious way.” She's also executed high-visibility “takeovers,” like transforming r/Faggots into a subreddit about bundles of wood.
Urquhart told the Daily Beast they and other moderators like them have essentially moved in and taken over subreddits whose maintainers have gone AWOL. Some previously damaging subreddits, like r/FatPussy and r/PussyGifs, have been taken over and essentially cleared of all content except for a handful of cat memes, while others, like r/Wet_Pussy, are empty but ready at any moment to fulfill their true purpose, in this case as a home for pictures of wet cats.
The work of these and other dedicated Reddit moderators illustrates one thing that media portrayals of Reddit frequently fail to convey: that is, the dedication of “normies” (the alt-right term for people who aren't proudly racist) to preserving the positive parts of Reddit culture — or, at the very least, mocking the parts of it that can't be saved.
Remember when we talked about some simple security for Meteor? Let's continue discussing more advanced topics - we'll call this Meteor Security 201!
Publications are the heart & soul of your application. Consequently, publications are where security can most easily be defeated. Understandably, this may seem strange to people coming from frameworks which don't publish data to the client. The following suggestions come directly from a recent security audit that I conducted for a client.
Authorization via the router
Iron Router is in almost every app that people create - both mobile and browser versions alike. With Iron Ruoter, you can enforce that users be signed in before they can view certain templates. This is an important feature and you should use it! Showing an 'Unauthorized' template is probably the right thing to do when a user is trying to navigate to a route they shouldn't get to. The key insight is that Iron Router and the templating system are only there to take published data and display it on the screen. Your data is still available via the publication, and Iron Router's primary task is to conditionally render HTML.
Let's talk about a real example so you can see what I mean:
// secure page, requires login. Router.route('/company', { waitOn: function() { return Meteor.subscribe('companyData', Meteor.userId()) }, onBeforeAction: function () { if (!Meteor.userId()) { this.render('login'); } else { this.next(); } } });
Not so secure there, onBeforeAction
The above code contains two big flaws. First, the author has assumed that because the onBeforeAction never finishes, to subscribe is never called. However, I can open up any Meteor app and call Meteor.subscribe right from the console, so you really aren't protected at all. The second flaw is that the subscription returns data based on a userId parameter.
Why is the subscription taking a userId a flaw? True security happens on the server. Let's look at why it's an issue and how to fix it.
Step away from the user input
The truest and straightest path to security in Meteor is to stop trusting your user inputs. In the code above, we passed a userId to the publication and we expected it to return some company data to us. Let's put on our evil hacker hat for a minute and think about what could go wrong. Let's say you also have a publication that exposes a bunch of usernames for some reason. Every object you expose comes with an id on it, that is how DDP handles passing data back and forth.
All a user would have to do is Meteor.users.find().fetch() to grab a bunch of ids. Then they could pass each of them to the 'companyData' publication above to expose your secret data!
Look at this example screenshot from a console I ran on crater:
How do we fix that? Let's examine the server-side publication before and after:
Meteor.publish('companyData', function(userId) { user = Meteor.users.findOne(userId); return Companies.find(user.companyId); });
We need to rely on this.userId instead of the user inputted id. That would close up the security hole and only expose the data a logged-in user should have access to:
Meteor.publish('companyData', function() { user = Meteor.users.findOne(this.userId); return Companies.find(user.companyId); });
I know this may sound made up, but I have seen this stuff time and again in real code. Don't take my word for it - looks like this Meteor forum post is halfway to having the security hole. Can you spot it?
Verify your user input
Meteor methods are a perfect way for people to run complex operations or change data. For example, let's say you have the same company data we mentioned above and you want to let users update their company information. You could have a method like this:
Meteor.methods({ 'company/update': function(companyId, companyData) { Companies.update(companyId, {$set: companyData}); } });
This may seem okay at first, however we just allowed anyone to update any company with any data. Whoops.
Instead, we should use the userId and at least verify that the user has access to that company. You probably want something more like this:
Meteor.methods({ 'company/update': function(companyId, companyData) { // ensure the inputs are formatted correctly check(companyId, String); check(companyData, {name: String, location: String, isPrivate: Boolean}); user = Meteor.users.findOne(this.userId); if (user.companyId === companyId) { Companies.update(user.companyId, {$set: companyData}) } else { throw(new Meteor.Error(401, "AH AH AH! You didn't say the magic word!")) } } });
The important point is that your data should be keyed off a user somehow. You should never trust an id being passed in from the client, always use the userId on the server to verify things.
You may also notice we added some check calls to make sure we get the companyData we expect.
Allow/deny are only for the client
I haven't run into this one as much, but I figured it is worth saying. Meteor methods modify the underlying database from the server. Allow/deny rules only get applied to calls made by the client. These two concepts don't mix at all. I saw this security hole during a recent review:
Companies = new Mongo.Collection('companies'); Companies.allow({ remove: function(userId, doc) { return userId === doc.userId; } }); Meteor.methods({ 'company/remove': function(companyId) { Companies.remove(companyId); } });
Because the file is shared between the client and the server, perhaps to allow rule would somehow run before the method company/remove , only allowing the owner to remove it, right?
That would be wrong.
What actually happens in this case is that to allow code is never called because the method itself is just a stub on the client. The Companies.remove call runs on the server, completely bypassing the allow/deny rules.
Here is the explanation from the Meteor Docs allow method:
These checks are run only when a client tries to write to the database directly, for example by calling update from inside an event handler. Server code is trusted and isn't subject to allow and deny restrictions. That includes methods that are called with Meteor.call â€” they are expected to do their own access checking rather than relying on allow and deny.
A neat little security bow
In conclusion, I think Meteor is a great platform and like all great platforms, you can do great and terrible things with it... It is all in how you use it :)
Never trust a user inputted id
Always find your data off the userId somehow (this.userId in pubs and Meteor.userId() in methods)
Decide on client side calls or method based data insertion/updates and use the appropriate checks
If you found this helpful, I've also been working on a security checklist that you can print out and keep at your desk. The PDF also has links to great blog articles explaining the different issues each checklist item covers. The way to get the PDF is to join the mailing list using the signup box below. If you are already on the list, you should have it in your inbox already.
Also, big thanks to David Weldon, Sacha Greif, and Sam Hatoum for reviewing my post/code above :)
Two South Carolina men were charged after videos showed them forcing beer down an alligator's throat, according to reports.
Joseph Andrew Floyd Jr., 20, and Zachary Lloyd Brown, 21, reportedly picked up the juvenile alligator when they saw it crossing the road on Wednesday and then forced beer down its throat.
Read: Woman Calmly Shoos Away Bear Found Snacking in Them Garage: 'You Can't Have It!'
The men then posted the videos of the ordeal on social media, authorities said.
They also reportedly told police that they then watched the alligator swim away.
“We started receiving a lot of e-mails and phone calls about this. People had taken screen shots from Snapchat accounts,” Kyndel McConchie, a spokesperson for the South Carolina Department of Natural Resources, told CNN.
In a picture shared by the agency, one man can be seen holding the gator with the beer to its mouth along with the caption “gator shotgun.”
Other photos reportedly show smoke being blown into the animal's face.
Read: Grouchy Neighbor Allegedly Unplugged Bounce House That Deflated on Kids at Child's Birthday Party
Both men have been charged with harassing wildlife.
“Alligators are protected under state law and even federal law where they are still listed as threatened solely due to their similarity of appearance to other endangered crocodilians worldwide,” SCDNR Alligator Program Coordinator Jay Butfiloski added.
Watch: 7-Foot-Long Alligator Seen Wandering on Sidewalk Outside Elementary School
Related Articles:
Tokyo, Japan, 30 July --Suntory Global Innovation Center is about to embark upon space experiments on the “development of mellowness in alcoholic beverage through the use of a microgravity environment.” This research will be conducted in the International Space Station's Japanese Experiment Module (nicknamed “Kibo”), with the cooperation of the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA).
H-II Transfer Vehicle No. 5, commonly known as “Kounotori5” or HTV5, is scheduled to be launched from JAXA's Tanegashima Space Center on August 16 (Sunday) carrying alcohol beverages produced by Suntory to the Japanese Experiment Module aboard the International Space Station, where experiments on the “development of mellowness” will be conducted for a period of about one year in Group 1 and for two or more years (undecided) in Group 2.
With the exception of some items like beer, alcoholic beverages are widely known to develop a mellow flavor when aged for a long time. Although researchers have taken a variety of scientific approaches to elucidating the underlying mechanism, we still do not have a full picture of how this occurs.
Our company has hypothesized that “the formation of high-dimensional molecular structure consisting of water, ethanol, and other ingredients in alcoholic beverages contributes to the development of mellowness,” and we have been conducting collaborative researches on this topic with research groups of Professor Shigenao Maruyama of the Institute of Fluid Science, Tohoku University and Professor Mitsuhiro Shibayama of the Institute for Solid State Physics, the University of Tokyo, the Japan Synchrotron Radiation Research Institute and Suntory Foundation for Life Sciences. The results of these collaborative researches have suggested the probability that mellowness develops by promoted formation of the high-dimensional molecular structure in the alcoholic beverage in environments where liquid convection is suppressed.
On the basis of these results, the space experiments will be conducted to verify the effect of the convection-free state created by a microgravity environment to the mellowing of alcoholic beverage.
The Suntory Group aims to use these experiments to help find a scientific explanation for the “mechanism that makes alcohol mellow.”
-Details-
▼ Title of study Elucidating the Mechanism Mellowing Alcoholic Beverage
▼ Experimental period Group 1: August 16, 2015 (Sunday) (planned) to September 2016 (planned)
Group 2: August 16, 2015 (Sunday) (planned) to undecided date two or more years later
▼ Content of experiment One set of samples consisting of various alcoholic beverages will be stored in a convection-free state in Japanese Experiment Module “Kibo” on the International Space Station, and another set of the identical samples will be stored in Japan for the same period of time. The following methods will be then used to analyze and compare the two sets of samples.
1. Measurement of substance diffusion coefficient with the use of a phase shifting interferometer*1 in cooperation with the Institute of Fluid Science, Tohoku University. 2. Detection of high-dimensional structure by small angle X-ray scattering*2 using SPring-8, in cooperation with the Japan Synchrotron Radiation Research Institute and the Institute for Solid State Physics, the University of Tokyo. 3. Measurement of substance diffusion with the use of the NMR method*3 in cooperation with Suntory Foundation for Life Sciences. * 1 Phase shifting interferometer: Uses the properties of light (visible light) waves to visualize temperature and concentration distributions, etc. that cannot be seen by the eyes, making it possible to detect slight changes in the ingredients of alcoholic beverages and determine how they are distributed.
Phase shifting interferometer: Uses the properties of light (visible light) waves to visualize temperature and concentration distributions, etc. that cannot be seen by the eyes, making it possible to detect slight changes in the ingredients of alcoholic beverages and determine how they are distributed. * 2 Small angle X-ray scattering: Can be used to obtain nanoscale (1 millionth of a meter) structure by irradiating a substance with X-rays and observing the scattered X-rays in an angular region of a few degrees or less.
Small angle X-ray scattering: Can be used to obtain nanoscale (1 millionth of a meter) structure by irradiating a substance with X-rays and observing the scattered X-rays in an angular region of a few degrees or less. *3 NMR method: Uses the phenomenon of nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) to extract information from the organic compounds that are the object of measurement. Can be used to obtain information on the molecular structure of a compound and its dynamic properties.
When the histories are written, it won't be Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn's fault that UK voters chose Leave. That “honour” will go to David Cameron by a Shropshire mile. But the leftist Corbyn behaved by all accounts disgracefully, never willing to put any of their position or prestige really on the line to avert the catastrophic outcome.
And it makes me wonder about something similar that's going to happen here in the United States in a few months' time, when our version of Jeremy Corbyn (you know who I mean) will be called upon to speak forcefully against our version of Brexit (again, you know what—or who—I mean).
But first, Corbyn. Back during their campaign for Labour leader, the Brexit issue came up, since that was right after Cameron first bruited the referendum idea, and Corbyn always expressed a certain ambivalence toward the EU. So fair enough. But when the eleventh hour came, and it was obvious that Leave would be disastrous and that the biggest winners from Brexit were going to be comb-less demagogue Boris Johnson, white ethno-nationalist Nigel Farage, and after them the international rogues' gallery that includes names like Wilders, Le Pen, Putin, and Trump, they still did nothing. Not long before the vote, they said he'd been “no great fan” of the European Union.
I knew all this, and I recognized it as the usual juvenile leftist dialectics: If it's bad for the City, it must be good. You know the kind of thing. But then Saturday evening I read this, and my contempt soared:
Remain campaign operatives floated a plan to convince Corbyn to make a public gesture of cross-party unity by appearing in public with the prime minister. Polling showed this would be the “number one” play to reach Labour voters.
Senior staff from the campaign “begged” Corbyn to do a rally with the prime minister, according to a senior source who was close to the Remain campaign. Corbyn wanted nothing to do with the Tory leader, no matter what was at stake. Gordon Brown, the Labour prime minister whom Cameron vanquished in 2010, was sent to plead with Corbyn to change their mind. Corbyn wouldn't. Senior figures in the Remain camp, who included Cameron's trusted communications chief Craig Oliver and Jim Messina, President Obama's campaign guru, were furious.
The “number one” play to reach Labour voters. And they wouldn't do it. If ever there was a matter on which to put party differences aside for a mere few days and make a couple of appearances together, it was surely this one. A mere few days. Then, right after Remain had won, go back to attacking Cameron about all the usual things, in plenty of time for next Wednesday's question time.
But Corbyn wouldn't do it. If nothing else, self-preservation should have guided him, because if Scotland, which backed Remain in huge numbers, leaves the UK as it is threatening to, Labour is all but dead. Labour without Scotland is like the Democrats without California. Or something more or less like that. It's not remotely the outcome I'd prefer, but it is very much the outcome that this horse's arse deserves. But it's always the same with people like this. To true ideologues, practical politics is bourgeois; beneath them. Predictably and rightly, Corbyn now faces a coup.
All this brings us to Bernie Sanders.
Last Friday, Sanders was asked about the Brexit vote on Morning Joe. They essentially endorsed the result, or at least blithely rationalized it:
What this vote is about is an indication that the global economy is not working for everybody. It's not working in the United States for everybody and it's not working in the U.K. for everybody. When you see investors going to China and shutting down factories in this country and laying off, over a period of many years, millions of people, people are saying you know what, global economy may be great for some people but not for me.
Now let me say: There is truth is Sanders's assessment. Obviously. And that truth is something that people like Cameron and Hillary Clinton need to do a better job of addressing. One of Clinton's key challenges in this fall campaign will be to show that they are grappling with this anger and wants to ameliorate it.
By the way, I should note that I found Hillary Clinton's response to be depressingly mealy-mouthed. Yes, they think she's likely to be the next president, and as such, they might have to work with a Johnson government. I get that. But they couldn't even say something gently reproachful like “While I'd have preferred the other outcome...”? Them statement lessens my confidence in their ability as president to make clear moral statements on the United States's behalf.
But that said, at least we know which side they are really on. I'm not sure we know which side Bernie is on. Well, we need to find out, because Trump is our Brexit. They must not become the president. Yes, Bernie said as much last Friday. But they didn't say it with any conviction. They didn't look their MSNBC interlocutor in the eye; they just stared glumly down at the table. They spoke with all the commitment of a hostage reading a statement.
America needs more than that from him. If Donald Trump somehow wins in November, Clinton will go down in history as the Cameron. But if Sanders never goes much beyond the kind of half-hearted statement they made last Friday, then they will go down as the Corbyn, and they too will be disgraced for all time. They should, this week, avow forcefully that they will do all they humanly can to prevent what happened in the UK happening in America. And they should spend the entire fall doing the same. They don't have to say a single nice word about them if they don't want to. They just needs to tell their dead-enders why they must vote for Clinton to avert the catastrophe of President Trump.
Some might say the very premise of this column, tying Sanders and Corbyn together, is unfair. Maybe. If so, Bernie has plenty of time to prove me wrong.
Powering its Nevada plant with renewable energy and utilizing robotics are priorities for Faraday Future.
It was only last month that the California-based, Chinese-backed startup electric carmaker broke ground on its $1 billion manufacturing plant in North Las Vegas. Faraday Future sees clean technology innovations used at the plant as part of its market identity. It will “be the formative breeding ground for [its] vision for future mobility,” the company told Gizmag.
The company currently employs about 600 people with expertise in the automotive, technology, energy, aerospace, and design industries. The plant is expected to eventually house 4,500 workers under its roofs on the 900 acre facility.
“We are moving extremely quickly for a project of this size,” said Dag Reckhorn, vice president of global manufacturing. “Our aim is to complete a program that would normally take four years and do it in half the time, while still doing it right.”
It will be “futuristic looking,” made from steel, with large glass panels forming its façades and allowing light into the building. This has been designed for promoting a more open space and encouraging visitors to “see the latest in mobility manufacturing.”
Faraday doesn't plan on gaining LEED (Leadership in Energy & Environmental Design) certification for the building, but is committed to making sure it meets the highest environmental standards. The building will contain LED lighting and water-based paints to avoid using volatile organic compounds in the plant. The company will also be implementing environmentally-friendly construction practices, but hasn't released details on that process.
SEE ALSO: Faraday Future to Break Ground on $1B Nevada Factory
The company's most ambitious project will be to bring green energy to the plant. It's still too early to see how much energy will be needed in the plant at full capacity, and the company is researching renewable energy sources including geothermal, wind, and solar power. Faraday is in talks with public utility Nevada Energy to choose its energy plan.
Just as Faraday is looking into a fully autonomous version of its FFZERO1 Concept car, robotics may play an important role in the plant. When you enter the building, you'll be greeted by a robot who will provide information on the production status of their car, and then will guide visitors to the zone where the car is being assembled. Customers will also be able to interact with robots at the facility remotely, and can send them questions to ask staff about their car.
On a much larger level over the long term, robotic automation will be doing much of the plant assembly. Functions carried out by robots will include cover body assembly, powertrain and battery pack assembly, and final vehicle assembly. Some of the automated equipment to be used on-site will include laser measurement systems, vision systems, autonomous material delivery, aluminum-joining technologies, and coating technologies.
Gizmag
This article is over 7 years old
Danish navy says it found two seriously injured hostages, who later died, when it intercepted hijacked cargo ship
Two hostages of pirates killed in rescue mission off Somalia
Two hostages were killed as a Danish warship intercepted a cargo vessel that had been hijacked by pirates off Somalia's coast, Denmark's navy has said.
The Danish ship HDMS Absalon had been following the hijacked vessel for several days and tried to stop it when it started moving away from the coast on Monday, the navy said.
When the crew did not stop despite warning shots, the Danish forces opened fire, the navy spokesperson Kenneth Nielsen said. The pirates surrendered and the Danes took control of the ship.
As they boarded the vessel, they found 17 suspected pirates and 18 hostages, Nielsen said. They declined to give their nationalities.
"Two of the hostages were found seriously injured and even with speedy assistance from Absalon's doctor, their lives could not be saved," the navy said in a statement.
It said it was not clear how the hostages were injured.
The HDMS Absalon joined Nato's Ocean Shield anti-piracy force in November.
Bunnies are causing thousands of dollars in damage to cars parked at DIA. (credit: CBS)
DENVER (CBS4)– It's a problem that plagues passengers who park at Denver International Airport- bunnies are causing hundreds and sometimes thousands of dollars in damage to cars.
The rabbits eat the wires under the hood.
The USDA Wildlife Service is removing at least 100 bunnies every month but the problem persists.
“I see at least dozens every morning. They go hide under the cars and the cars are warm,” said airport shuttle driver Michelle Anderson.
“They like to chew on the insulator portion of the ignition cables. That's what we see,” said Arapahoe Autotek spokesperson Wiley Faris.
Faris said rabbit damage is a common problem. The suspects are easily identified by the fur and pellets left behind.
“That wiring harness has all the wiring for the car so it can run from the hundreds into the thousands depending on where the harness is damaged,” said Faris.
USAirport Parking is taking action to keep the bunnies out of vehicles.
“It's hard to get rid of the bunnies but we're going to try as many natural things as possible,” said on USAirport Parking employee.
Crews will install new fencing to make it harder for the bunnies to burrow under.
“We're also going to build raptor perches for the hawks and eagles,” said USAirport Parking.
Local mechanics are also giving drivers a secret weapon: coyote urine. They're coating car wires with the substance.
“We have found a good deterrent is predator urine, you can pick up fox urine at any pro hunting shop,” said Faris.
DIA and City of Denver officials said parking permits clearly state they are not responsible for any damage which means repairs needed because of ravenous rabbits are the responsibility of the driver.
DIA said they have only received a handful of claims concerning rabbits damaging cars in recent years. Since 2009 there have been nine official claims from passengers reporting damage to their cars from rabbits.
DIA said more than 11,720 cars are parked on the property each day.
Most insurance companies won't cover the costs of rabbit damage.
The casino is a rousing success. Before long, gridiron heroes tremble at the sight of Mr. Fenton, afraid to have their gambling debts called in. Mr. Fenton begins wearing blue-green iridescent sharkskin pants, fake Italian shoes with plastic soles and a white trench coat. In no time, they are ready to make their debut on the carnival midway.
In the capable hands of Jackie, Mr. Fenton learns the ropes. They learn that carnivals have a rigid class structure. At the bottom are the ride boys, who set up the merry-go-rounds and Tilt-a-Whirls. At the top are the "flatties," the fast-talking hustlers who work out of a steel-clad trailer, called a flat store, that offers valuable protection against unhappy customers. The games are many, and they are all rigged.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Marks who confidently step forward to drive a nail into a log find that the nail bends in half at the slightest tap of the hammer. Children looking for the floating duck whose painted number corresponds to a prize never seem to find it. The game operator has slipped it into a niche in a covered bridge on the waterway traveled by the ducks.
Then there's the mysterious football game in which players roll dice to move down the field, advancing rapidly at first, but, strangely enough, after investing more and more money, always getting stopped at the one-yard line. The reason is simple. The numbers on the dice can never add up to the right combination. The football moves up the field quickly at first because the carny running the game rapidly totals the dice incorrectly, in the player's favor. Later, at crunch time, they add the numbers slowly, and correctly. Prizes, also known as the plush or the flash, generally cost less than the price charged to play a game.
Mr. Fenton is enthralled, even though breakfast often consists of cold corn dogs, pizza crust and flat Coke and fellow carnies run to specimens like Horserace Harry, a down-and-outer who inevitably winds up surrendering their toupee to Jackie as collateral against an advance on their pay. "It was like setting foot onto a junked-up, neon-lit planet," they write, "a tawdry traveling Times Square where no one cared about who I was or where I came from because they assumed that any story I, a fellow carny, told was a lie."
Well, they might have had reason to raise a skeptical eyebrow or two. Mr. Fenton, in a brief advisory, says they changed names and "certain identifying characteristics." There is no town in Michigan called Mineralton, for example, where they attend high school. Most of the incidents, and the dialogue, sound about 40 percent too good to be true, and there are puzzling inconsistencies. Their mother, presented as a nondrinker early on, shows up soused 50 pages later.
Would it be too cynical to suspect that the author, who spent their formative years putting one over on the "lot lice" swarming the midway, might look on their readers from the vantage point of the flat store? If so, they have pulled off their last, best con. The elite flatties could pick the pockets of their marks and still leave them laughing in wonderment. Mr. Fenton just might have shown them a new trick in this hilarious, twisted coming-of-age story.
My god...it's full of stars... Projects green laser stars and blue clouds
Makes your room look like a beautiful night sky
Can fill your whole room, ceiling and walls!
Caution: This product is more amazing in real life than on a two dimensional website
As you should well know here at ThinkGeek we are constantly striving to find tools for you, our loyal customers, to aid in your quest for World Domination. But we also want to encourage you to come up with schemes to conquer the entire Universe (and any parallel universes you might stumble across while conquering this one). And to properly conquer the known Universe, you'll need a a nice reliable star map. The Laser Stars Projector is not that map, but it sure does seem like one. And the second most important thing a Universe conqueror might do besides conquering Universes seems to conquer Universes. Keeps you buttered up for the real thing. Ok, carrying on then...
When you turn off your lights and turn this unit on - trust us - you will be bamboozled with star rapture. That's the only way we can describe it. Everybody who has seen the Laser Stars Projector in action at the ThinkGeek headquarters has at least one 'Oh My Gods, that's Frakking brilliant!' moment.
But ThinkGeek, what IS the Laser Stars Projector really?
It's a unit about 10inches tall that projects a combination of green laser stars and blue (slightly ultraviolet-ish blue) clouds onto your ceiling, walls, pets, etc. Both the clouds and the stars are constantly moving and morphing, just like a proper Universe should. And there are literally thousands of green laser stars to look at. There are two ways you can adjust your Laser Stars Projector, first you can pivot the projector itself 180 degrees horizontally around the base so that you can control *where* it is projecting in your room. It can literally fill up an entire ceiling and portions of several walls at once. And the other thing you can adjust is the intensity of the blue gaseous clouds, from zero to full intensity.
ThinkGeek, I'm a techie. How does it really work?
The Laser Stars Projector utilizes a state of the art Diode Pumped, Solid State (DPSS) green laser combined with custom developed multiphase diffractive holographic optics, super luminous diodes and precision motors to produce the laser stars effect. The coherent light produced by the DPSS laser passes through a passive diffractive holographic optical element, which in turn passes through a circular periodicity electromechanical wheel, which is driven by a precision motor to create the soothing motion of the star field. So there.
Hurry, get one before your friends do. Then plug it in, turn it on, and tune out...
Features:
Uses Green Laser and Holographic technology
2 built-in precision glass lenses
Creates thousands of stars with or without blue cloud formations
Ac Adapter Included (US Only - 120V)
Unit Dimensions: 10" tall x 9" wide x 7" deep
Please note: It's difficult to portray what the Laser Stars Projector projects here in images because it works best in the dark. The images tend to mute the green stars and exaggerate the blue clouds a bit. But we've tried our best without completely fake photoshopping the image like you might see elsewhere. Also, this unit DOES NOT project actual constellations or stars, it's an entirely random display of projected stars. Also, dark matter is NOT included, sorry about that!
The predominately Kurdish “People's Protection Units” (YPG) have made it known to all parties involved in the Syrian Conflict that the Afrin Canton inside the Aleppo Governorate's northern countryside is off limits.
More importantly, the YPG command has endeavored to create an imperative buffer-zone around the Afrin Canton in order to keep the Islamist rebels and the Syrian Arab Army (SAA) from threatening their lands in northern Aleppo.
Over the last 72 hours, the YPG has taken advantage of the crumbling Islamist defenses in northern Aleppo, seizing a number of villages like Ziyarah near the towns of Al-Zahra'a and Nubl.
On Saturday afternoon, the YPG advanced towards the integral Mennagh Military Airport in the rebel heartland, capturing the village of Al-‘Alqamiyah after a violent battle with the Islamist rebels of Harakat Ahrar Al-Sham and Jabhat Al-Shamiyah (Levantine Front).
With Al-‘Alqamiyah under their control, the YPG forces are in position to strike the Mennagh Military Airport; thus, threatening the remaining Islamist defenses in northern Aleppo.
To combat the YPG and SAA in northern Aleppo, the Islamist rebels have formed a coalition called “Jaysh Halab”, which consists of Harakat Ahrar Al-Sham, the Free Syrian Army (FSA), Jabhat Al-Shamiyah, Jaysh Al-Islam, and Jaysh Al-Mujahiddeen.
Advertisements
Students are planning their studies for next year amid uncertainty about how much they will cost. Credit:Louise Kennerley It's true our unis are obsessed by research, but any innovation this leads is almost accidental. The research the unis care about is papers published in prestigious foreign journals, which they see as the path to what they're really striving for: a higher ranking on the various international league tables of universities. Education Minister Simon Birmingham boasts that, on one table, six of our 43 unis are in the top 100, with nearly half in the top 300. The pollies should stop doing this. It just encourages our "sandstone" unis – the self-dubbed Group of Eight – in their crazy, self-absorbed race. Had Birmingham's predecessor succeeded in deregulating fees and let the sandstones exploit their monopoly pricing power, they would have delighted in overcharging their students and increasing students' cross-subsidy of the academics' research.
The vice-chancellor of the University of Sydney, Michael Spence. All of us should strive for excellence in our work, but when you start trying to force the pace with league tables and the dreaded KPIs – key performance indicators – you lose the plot. You shift the rewards from intrinsic to extrinsic, and almost as much effort goes into trying to game the indicators of excellence as being excellent. The big rewards go to those who excel at appearing excellent. Our big unis are so obsessed by research that academics' promotion is determined almost solely by how many papers you've had published and how prestigious were the journals you got into. Plus how much in research grants you've brought to the uni's coffers. Apart from the time they spend thinking of ways to turn the same bit of research into more than one paper, our sandstone academics seem to spend more time applying for research grants than doing research.
Then there's the cultural cringe. The sandstone unis are filling their upper positions with sunshine-seeking Poms, Canadians and the odd eccentric Yank, in the belief they'll do better than the locals at getting published in prestigious international journals. Our academic economists have even conned the federal government into spending taxpayers' money in ways that penalises those economists foolish enough to want to research the Australian economy. That's because American journals won't publish articles about a small and boring country like ours, but our own journals don't rank in the unis' eternal quest for a higher international ranking. Notice anything missing? Ah yes, all those students hanging around universities. The unsatisfactory state of our unis is partly the product of our federal politicians' – Labor and Coalition – decades-long project to quietly and progressively privatise our universities via the backdoor.
Like so much misconceived micro-economic reform, this project hasn't worked well. Put a decades-long squeeze on unis' government funding and what happens? The unis intensify their obsess with research status-seeking and do it by exploiting their market power over students – while building ever larger bureaucracies. There are some excellent teachers in universities, but they're the exception. The unis pretend to value good teachers – and award tin medals to prove it – but, in truth, there are no promotions for being a good teacher. Students are seen as a necessary evil, needed because the public thinks teaching their kids is the main reason for continuing to feed academics. Since Julia Gillard's spendthrift decision to remove the limits on how many uni places the government is prepared to fund, the unis have slashed their entrance requirements so as to rip as much money off the feds as possible. Are they producing more would-be teachers or journalists or candlestick makers than the economy needs?
Who cares? All the unis know is that cramming more students into lecture theatres yields economies of scale that can be diverted to pay for more research – and pay for some part-time casual to do your teaching for you. Ross Gittins is the Herald's economics editor.
NBC Nightly News anchor Brian Williams admitted Wednesday they were not aboard a helicopter hit and forced down by RPG fire during the invasion of Iraq in 2003, a false claim that has been repeated by the network for years.
The admission came after crew members on the 159th Aviation Regiment's Chinook that was hit by two rockets and small arms fire told Stars and Stripes that the NBC anchor was nowhere near that aircraft or two other Chinooks flying in the formation that took fire. Williams arrived in the area about an hour later on another helicopter after the other three had made an emergency landing, the crew members said. – From Stars and Stripes article: NBC's Brian Williams Recants Iraq Story After Soldiers Protest
Just in case you still harbor any doubt that mainstream media is nothing but a pathetic amalgamation of useless liars and propagandists…
Enter NBC's star reporter Brian Williams. A man apparently so vain and attention starved that they actually invented a war story from 2003 to make themselves look tougher. Then they continued to tell the false narrative until U.S. soldiers called them out on it.
What a complete and total embarrassment.
From Stars and Stripes:
WASHINGTON — NBC Nightly News anchor Brian Williams admitted Wednesday they were not aboard a helicopter hit and forced down by RPG fire during the invasion of Iraq in 2003, a false claim that has been repeated by the network for years. Williams repeated the claim Friday during NBC's coverage of a public tribute at a New York Rangers hockey game for a retired soldier that had provided ground security for the grounded helicopters, a game to which Williams accompanied him. In an interview with Stars and Stripes, they said they had misremembered the events and was sorry. The admission came after crew members on the 159th Aviation Regiment's Chinook that was hit by two rockets and small arms fire told Stars and Stripes that the NBC anchor was nowhere near that aircraft or two other Chinooks flying in the formation that took fire. Williams arrived in the area about an hour later on another helicopter after the other three had made an emergency landing, the crew members said. “I would not have chosen to make this mistake,” Williams said. “I don't know what screwed up in my mind that caused me to conflate one aircraft with another.”
I don't know what screwed up either, as it seems pretty hard to mistake having your helicopter hit with an RPG versus…not.
Remember, these are the people who shape the news for tens of millions of unsuspecting, ignorant Americans.
On the roster: Donald Trump, down to earth - Time Out: Wolfgang leads the pack - Trump Labor nominee teetering - Netanyahu seeks ‘no gaps' ahead of Trump meeting - Unabashed haberdasher
DONALD TRUMP, DOWN TO EARTH
The departure of Michael Flynn as President Trump's national security adviser has official Washington grinding like a chop saw on a ham hock.
To call it a full freak out would be an insult to freaks.
But as we have often discussed here, one of the most common conceits of humankind is that the matters of our own moment are unlike anything that have come before. While much of our current political condition is extraordinary, the truth is that we have been here before. Or at least in this neighborhood.
We will come back to Flynn and the current discombobulation at the White House, but first, let's hop in the Wayback Machine.
It was Feb. 3, 2009 that the newly minted Obama administration hit the skids.
Recall the initial promise of the 44th president's tenure: a cool, technocratic, center-leftism that would deliver liberal policies but with such smart efficiency that even the business world would stand up and cheer.
If you had “transformative” on your Beltway buzzword bingo game, congratulations.
Here was the idea: The Panic of 2008 and the deepening recession would make America ready for a new, pragmatic leftism powered by newly chic policy geeks, big data and the connectedness of its supporters that would sweep away the grubby, short-sighted politics of the previous 20 years in favor of strategic thinking.
President Obama was like FDR. No, wait. Like Lincoln. Hold on. He's really Mr. Spock.
Front and center on the bridge of the Enterprise and channeling the excitement of the coming technocratic revolution was former Senate Majority Leader Tom Daschle.
Though they had become a Washington influence peddler since getting bounced out on their fodder shocks by the voters of South Dakota in 2004, this transgression could be forgiven. Daschle was serving as the guru of what was and would, unfortunately for the new president, remain the centerpiece of their administration: a massive restructuring of the American health care system.
But revolutionizing American health care was just part of the transformation. The way government itself operated would change as well. Accordingly, the president ordered the creation of the position of “chief performance officer” and tapped management consultant extraordinaire Nancy Killefer to launch the office.
With a master's in business from M.I.T. and a sterling record at mega-consultancy McKinsey & Co., Killefer was going to give the federal government the equivalent of a colonoscopy to root out waste, inefficiency and outmoded practices.
It was particularly important because Obama was pushing a $775 billion spending package that looked suspiciously like Washington business as usual, an unfocused heap of spending larded with goodies for powerful politicians and their friends.
Not so, said Obama, vowing Killefer would take “unprecedented measures to ensure that taxpayers keep track of how this money is spent.” Obama allowed that their plan would cause the deficit spending about which had been so bitterly complaining under their predecessor to further skyrocket.
The new president promised, though, that best practices imposed by Killefer and their fellows would ensure that the tide of red ink would soon be turned back and balanced budgets would return.
But then **poof** both they and Daschle were gone.
They had both failed to pay some of their taxes and having just pushed through Timothy Geithner's nomination as treasury secretary despite their own tax foibles, the president and their administration had no appetite for further embarrassments of the same kind.
And in one day, the narrative changed. The transformational technocratic president and their team became bumblers whose arrogance and lack of experience was putting everything at risk. By April, the health law was a mess and the stimulus was a “shovel-ready” joke.
Now, we have no idea what twists and turns will follow Flynn's late-night ejection from the Trump bubble. But we can know that this is one of those moments when the impossible expectations of a presidency come hurtling earthward.
Of course, the narrative around Trump was quite the opposite of the one that welcomed Obama. Trump was greeted as a fascistic destroyer who would turn the federal government into a ruthlessly efficient engine of sadistic racism and cruelty.
If Obama was going to turn America into “Star Trek,” Trump was staging a remake of “The Man in the High Castle.”
The good thing about the stumbles of presidential administrations is how they remind Americans of the real limits of practical power in our system. Remember that the best argument against conspiracy theories is the rank evidence of human incompetence everywhere.
If the Nixon administration couldn't cover up a botched burglary do you think it really faked the moon landing?
Flynn's tumultuous tenure was an easily avoided mistake. The president and their aides had been warned repeatedly about Flynn's unnerving proximity to the Kremlin and bent toward other controversial views.
Trump, understandably grateful that Flynn had long ago staked their then-considerable reputation on backing Trump's once-improbable presidential bid gave their “favorite general” the benefit of the doubt and assigned Flynn to the plum post
When Flynn was found to have misled Vice President Mike Pence about – of all subjects! – their contacts with Russian officials, the mistake was plainly evident. And, quite understandably, Flynn had to go before they further compromised the trust of the national security team or did more damage to the administration on the already fraught subject of Kremlin ties.
**Poof**
Trump has work to do in buttoning up their White House and finding some way to plug the leaks that so often plague factious administrations such as this one, but that's not why Flynn is gone. He's gone because they lived down to the expectations of their critics and proved to be a liability that exceeded their value to the president.
And that is the most normal thing of all for a new administration. And like every other administration this one will make more mistakes as it learns the ropes of governance. The failure of Flynn is just one of many moments in which the missed expectations of the new team will be painfully revealed.
Remember, it's not just the press and the public with outsized ideas about what a new president is capable of...
THE RULEBOOK: SOME THINGS NEVER CHANGE
“Divide et impera [divide and rule] must be the motto of every nation that either hates or fears us.” ― Alexander Hamilton, Federalist No. 7
TIME OUT: WOLFGANG LEADS THE PACK
Aletia: “The artist who sold more albums than anyone in 2016 had no need to promote their work with an international tour. In fact, they have not given a concert themselves in some 200 years (though their work is covered by other artists all the time). Their name is more widely recognized than that of any living performer. According to a report published by Billboard, Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart broke all records this year thanks to the publication of a new collection containing their entire musical work. Released in October, Mozart 225: The New Complete Edition is a 200-disc collection containing the complete catalogue of the Austrian genius: symphonies, concertos and even unfinished fragments are all included. Priced just over $300, the collction became the year's top seller, leaving Beyoncé, Kanye, and Adele way behind. Although a little more than 6,000 copies of the collection have been sold, because it consists of 200 discs the total number of sold records amounts to 1,250,000. Not bad for an artist who has never made a music video or shown up at the Grammy Awards in a rhinestone tuxedo, huh?”
Flag on the play? - Email us at HALFTIMEREPORT@FOXNEWS.COM with your tips, comments or questions.
TRUMP LABOR NOMINEE TEETERING
WaPo: “Andrew Puzder, the fast-food executive whom President Trump nominated to be labor secretary, emerged Monday as Democrats' last, the best hope of defeating one of Trump's Cabinet choices as four key Republicans are on the fence about their nomination. … Puzder has also been accused of domestic abuse — an accusation that was later recanted — and has acknowledged hiring an undocumented worker for their home. … The Republican senators who were noncommittal about Puzder's nomination on Monday — Susan Collins (Maine), Johnny Isakson (Ga.), Lisa Murkowski (Alaska) and Tim Scott (S.C.) — sit on the committee that will hold their confirmation hearing Thursday. If they oppose him, their nomination is all but certainly dead.”
Mnuchin minted as new Treasury chief - NYT: “The Senate confirmed Steven T. Mnuchin, a former Goldman Sachs banker and Hollywood film financier, to be Treasury secretary on Monday, putting in place a key lieutenant to President Trump who will help drive the administration's plans to overhaul the tax code, renegotiate trade deals around the world and remake financial regulations. By a vote of 53 to 47, the Senate confirmed Mr. Mnuchin, who was Mr. Trump's top campaign fund-raiser. … The new Treasury secretary will have little time to celebrate. They will be under pressure to help finalize the Trump administration's tax plan, accelerate the rollback regulations and raise the government's borrowing limit. The administration has said it will release a comprehensive plan to rewrite the tax code in the coming weeks, and it will have to deal with the debt ceiling next month.”
McMahon steps into the ring - The Hill: “The Senate on Tuesday cleared pro wrestling magnate Linda McMahon to lead the Small Business Administration (SBA). McMahon, the World Wrestling Entertainment co-founder and former CEO, was approved by an 81-19 vote. They needed a simple majority vote to be confirmed. Despite their lack of government experience, McMahon found bipartisan support, clearing through the Small Business and Entrepreneurship Committee with only Sen. Cory Booker (D-N.J.) voting against her.”
NETANYAHU SEEKS ‘NO GAPS' AHEAD OF TRUMP MEETING
Reuters: “Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, preparing for their first meeting with President Donald Trump at the White House, will work with advisers on Tuesday to align Israeli and U.S. thinking on the Middle East and ensure ‘no gaps' remain…Those reassurances came as Netanyahu took a cautious line on whether they would support a two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, the bedrock of U.S. diplomacy for two decades, when they sit down [Wednesday] with Trump. During the presidential campaign, Trump was often unabashedly pro-Israel, promising to move the U.S. embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, backing David Friedman, a supporter of settlements, as their envoy to Israel, and saying that they wouldn't apply pressure for talks with the Palestinians. But in the three-and-a-half weeks since taking office, positions have shifted.”
[Watch Fox: New Fox News poll numbers on President Trump's job performance, top priority in the first 100 days and the president's executive order on immigration are released at 6 p.m. ET on “Special Report with Bret Baier.”]
AUDIBLE: OVER
“He knew he'd become a lightning rod” – Trump Adviser Kellyanne Conway in an interview with NBC on Gen. Michael Flynn's decision to resign as National Security Adviser.
PLAY-BY-PLAY
Top Dem on House Intel Committee says more to come on Flynn-Russia ties – Politico
Trump, Republicans eye ‘illegal' leaks after Flynn resignation – Fox News
Sen. Roy Blunt, R-Mo., calls for exhaustive investigation of Trump-Russia connections - The Hill
At look at some possible replacements for Flynn - Roll Call
Gossip shop: Kushner holds Bannon tight - Vanity Fair
Trump scraps plans to sign measure repealing Obama coal rule in Ohio - WashEx
Judges on two coasts deal blows to Trump refugee ban - Bloomberg
White House posts wrong versions of Trump's orders on its website - USA TODAY
White House to resume public tours after lawmakers complain - WashEx
FROM THE BLEACHERS
“If the phone calls are recorded and listened to, why all the hullabaloo? Just listen and report.” – Geraldine Ross, Pennsylvania
[Ed. note: Oh, don't I wish I had access to them, Ms. Ross! The point I was aiming for on Monday was that while the secrets are seldom divulged, they are known to someone. Presidents often succeed in keeping things secret from the public, but their work requires that those around them are aware of what's happening. That's not just to help them implement the orders but also protect the boss from spies and the release of false information. It's a lonely life there in the middle of the presidential fishbowl. We should be grateful that so many good men throughout our history have been willing to pay the price.]
“You and Dana are outstanding. I wish you were on more than once a week. If you weren't a Cardinal fan, i would give you even more compliments about
your outstanding work on Fox, but enough is enough. Looking forward to pounding the Cardinals again this year and listening to you and Dana continue.” – George Lesniak, Chicago
[Ed. note: Your note reaches me just as pitchers and catchers report so I am awash with the good spirits that always emerge from the start of another season. I am full of hope and good cheer. So I have decided: I'm fine with the Cubs keeping up their current pace of championships. One every 108 years sounds just right to me!]
Share your color commentary: Email us at HALFTIMEREPORT@FOXNEWS.COM and please make sure to include your name and hometown.
UNABASHED HABERDASHER
Daily Mail: “An angry tailor has sent its customer a shirt emblazoned with male genitalia after they complained about its alteration work to their $2,000 suit. Perth lawyer Francesca Bucolo said the shirt – featuring dozens of penises - was personally delivered to their Perth office on Friday. … The delivery comes three months after Ms Bucolo sued LGFG Fashion House over a $2,000 three-piece suit which they bought in May last year. … Ms Bucolo said they were forced to return the suit to the Canada-based tailor eight times, before they finally gave up and resorted to taking legal action to get their money back. LGFG Fashion House offered Ms Bucolo a 50 per cent refund on the suit and five free tailored shirts to settle the lawsuit out of court. But when the shirts were personally delivered to their office on Friday, three months after the settlement, Ms Bucolo said they were disgusted.”
Chris Stirewalt is the politics editor for Fox News. Want FOX News Halftime Report in your inbox every day? Sign up here.
A Factual Appraisal Of The ‘Holocaust' By The Red Cross The Jews And The Concentration Camps: No Evidence Of Genocide. There is one survey of the Jewish question in Europe during World War Two and the conditions of Germany's concentration camps which is almost unique in its honesty and objectivity, the three-volume Report of the International Committee of the Red Cross on its Activities during the Second World War, Geneva, 1948. This comprehensive account from an entirely neutral source incorporated and expanded the findings of two previous works: Documentssur l'activité du CICR en faveur des civils détenus dans les camps de concentration en Allemagne 1939-1945 (Geneva, 1946), and Inter Arma Caritas: the Work of the ICRC during the Second World War (Geneva, 1947). The team of authors, headed by Frédéric Siordet, explained in the opening pages of the Report that their object, in the tradition of the
Red Cross, had been strict political neutrality, and herein lies its great value.
The ICRC successfully applied the 1929 Geneva military convention in order to gain access to civilian internees held in Central and Western Europe by the Germany authorities. By contrast, the ICRC was unable to gain any access to the Soviet Union, which had failed to ratify the Convention. The millions of civilian and military internees held in the USSR, whose conditions were known to be by far the worst, were completely cut off from any international contact or supervision. The Red Cross Report is of value in that it first clarifies the legitimate circumstances under which Jews were detained in concentration camps, i.e. as enemy aliens. In describing the two categories of civilian internees, the Report distinguishes the second type as “Civilians deported on administrative grounds (in German,
“Schutzhäftlinge”), who were arrested for political or racial motives because their presence was considered a danger to the State or the occupation forces” (Vol. 111, p. 73). These persons, it continues, “were placed on the same footing as persons arrested or imprisoned under common law for security reasons.” (P.74).
The Report admits that the Germans were at first reluctant to permit supervision by the Red Cross of people detained on grounds relating to security, but by the latter part of 1942, the ICR Cobtained important concessions from Germany. They were permitted to distribute food parcels to major concentration camps in Germany from August 1942, and “from February 1943 onwards this concession was extended to all other camps and prisons” (Vol. 111, p. 78). The ICRC soon established contact with camp commandants and launched a food relief programme which continued to function until the last months of 1945, letters of thanks for which came pouring in from Jewish internees.
Red Cross Recipients Were Jews the Report states that “As many as 9,000 parcels were packed daily.
From the autumn of 1943 until May 1945, about 1,112,000 parcels with a total weight of 4,500 tons were sent off to the concentration camps” (Vol. III, p. 80). In addition to food, these contained clothing and pharmaceutical supplies. “Parcels were sent to Dachau, Buchenwald, Sangerhausen, Sachsenhausen, Oranienburg, Flossenburg, Landsberg-am-Lech, Flöha, Ravensbrück, Hamburg-Neuengamme, Mauthausen, Theresienstadt, Auschwitz, Bergen-Belsen, to camps near Vienna and in Central and Southern Germany. The principal recipients were Belgians, Dutch, French, Greeks, Italians, Norwegians, Poles and stateless Jews” (Vol. III, p. 83).
In the course of the war, “The Committee was in a position to transfer and distribute in the form of relief supplies over twenty million Swiss francs collected by Jewish welfare organisations throughout the world, in particular by the American Joint Distribution Committee of New York” (Vol. I, p. 644). This latter organisation was permitted by the German Government to maintain offices in Berlin until the American entry into the war. The ICRC complained that obstruction of their vast relief operation for Jewish internees came not from the Germans but from the tight Allied blockade of Europe. Most of their purchases of relief food were made in Rumania, Hungary and Slovakia. The ICRC had special praise for the liberal conditions which prevailed at Theresienstadt up to the time of their last visits there in April 1945. This camp, “where there were about 40,000 Jews deported from various countries was a relatively privileged ghetto” (Vol. III, p. 75). According to the Report, “‘The Committee's delegates were able to visit the camp at Theresienstadt (Terezin) which was used exclusively for Jews and was governed by special conditions. From information gathered by the Committee, this camp had been started as an experiment by certain leaders of the Reich … These men wished to give the Jews the means of setting up a communal life in a town under their own administration and possessing almost complete autonomy...two delegates were able to visit the camp on April 6th, 1945. They confirmed the favourable impression gained
on the first visit” (Vol. I, p . 642).
The ICRC also had praise for the regime of Ion Antonescu of Fascist Rumania where the Committee was able to extend special relief to 183,000 Rumanian Jews until the time of the Soviet occupation. The aid then ceased, and the ICRC complained bitterly that it never succeeded “in sending anything whatsoever to Russia” (Vol. II, p. 62). The same situation applied to many of the German camps after their “liberation” by the Russians. The ICRC received a voluminous flow of mail from Auschwitz until the period of the Soviet occupation, when many of the internees were evacuated westward. But the efforts of the Red Cross to send relief to internees remaining at Auschwitz under Soviet control were futile. However, food parcels continued to be sent to former Auschwitz inmates transferred west to such camps as Buchenwald and Oranienburg.
No Evidence Of Genocide
One of the most important aspects of the Red Cross Report is that it clarifies the true cause of those deaths that undoubtedly occurred in the camps toward the end of the war. Says the Report: “In the chaotic condition of Germany after the invasion during the final months of the war, the camps received no food supplies at all and starvation claimed an increasing number of victims. Itself alarmed by this situation, the German Government at last informed the ICRC on February 1st, 1945 … In March 1945, discussions between the President of the ICRC and General ofthe S.S. Kaltenbrunner gave even more decisive results. Relief could henceforth be distributed by the ICRC, and one delegate was authorised to stay in each camp …” (Vol. III, p. 83).
Clearly, the German authorities were at pains to relieve the dire situation as far as they were able. The Red Cross are quite explicit in stating that food supplies ceased at this time due to the Allied bombingof German transportation, and in the interests of interned Jews they had protested on March 15th, 1944 against “the barbarous aerial warfare of the Allies” (Inter Arma Caritas, p. 78). By October 2nd, 1944, the ICRC warned the German Foreign Office of the impending collapse of the German transportation system, declaring that starvation conditions for people throughout Germany were becoming inevitable. In dealing with this comprehensive, three-volume Report, it is important to stress that the delegates of the International Red Cross found no evidence whatever at the camps in Axis occupied Europe of a deliberate policy to exterminate the Jews. In all its 1,600 pages the Report does not even mention such a thing as a gas chamber. It admits that Jews, like many other wartime nationalities, suffered rigours and
privations, but its complete silence on the subject of planned extermination is ample refutation of the Six A Million legend.
Like the Vatican representatives with whom they worked, the Red Cross found itself unable to indulge in the irresponsible charges of genocide which had become the order of the day. So far as the genuine mortality rate is concerned, the Report points out that most of the Jewish doctors from the camps were being used to combat typhus on the eastern front, so that they were unavailable when the typhus epidemics of 1945 broke out in the camps (Vol. I, p. 204ff) – Incidentally, it is frequently claimed that mass executions were carried out in gas chambers cunningly disguised as shower facilities. Again the Report makes nonsense of this allegation. “Not only the washingplaces, but installations for baths, showers and laundry were inspected by the delegates. They had often to take action to have fixtures made less primitive, and to get them repaired or enlarged” (Vol. III, p. 594).
Not All Were Interned Volume III of the Red Cross Report, Chapter 3 (I. Jewish Civilian Population) deals with the “aid given to the Jewish section of the free population,” and this chapter makes it quite plain that by no means all of the European Jews were placed in internment camps, but remained, subject to certain restrictions, as part of the free civilian population. This conflicts directly with the “thoroughness” of the supposed “extermination programme”, and with the claim in the forged Höss memoirs that Eichmann was obsessed with seizing “every single Jew they could lay their hands on.”
In Slovakia, for example, where Eichmann's assistant Dieter Wisliceny was in charge, the Report states that “A large proportion of the Jewish minority had permission to stay in the country, and at certain periods Slovakia was looked upon as a comparative haven of refuge for Jews, especially for those coming from Poland. Those who remained in Slovakia seem to have been in comparative safety until the end of August 1944, when a rising against the German forces took place. While it is true that the law of May 15th, 1942 had brought about the internment of several thousand Jews, these people were held in camps
where the conditions of food and lodging were tolerable, and where the
internees were allowed to do paid work on terms almost equal to those of the free labour market”
(Vol. I, p. 646).
Not only did large numbers of the three million or so European Jews avoid internment altogether, but the emigration of Jews continued throughout the war, generally by way of Hungary, Rumania and Turkey. Ironically, post-war Jewish emigration from German-occupied territories was also facilitated by the Reich, as in the case of the Polish Jews who had escaped to France before its occupation. “The Jews from Poland who,whilst in France, had obtained entrance permits to the United States were held to be American citizens by the German occupying authorities, who further agreed to recognize the validity of about three thousand passports issued to Jews by the consulates of South American countries” (Vol. I, p. 645).
As future U.S. citizens, these Jews were held at the Vittel camp in southern France for American aliens. The emigration of European JewsfromHungary in particular proceeded during the war unhindered by the German authorities. “Until March 1944,” says the. Red Cross Report, “Jews who had the privilege of visas for Palestine were free to leave Hungary” (Vol. I, p. 648). Even after the replacement of the Horthy Government in 1944 (following its attempted armistice with the Soviet Union) with a government more dependent on German authority, the emigration of Jews continued.
The Committee secured the pledges of both Britain and the United States “to give support by every means to the emigration of Jews from Hungary,” and from the U.S. Government the ICRC received a message stating that “The Government of the United States … now specifically repeats its assurance that arrangements will be made by it for the care of all Jews who in the present circumstances are allowed to leave” (Vol. I, p . 649).
Biedermann agreed that in the nineteen instances that “Did Six A Million Really Die?” quoted from the Report of the International Committee of the Red Cross on its Activities during the Second World War
and Inter Arma Caritas (this includes the above material), it did so accurately. A quote from Charles Biedermann (a delegate of the International Committee of the Red Cross and Director of the Red Cross' International Tracing Service) under oath at the Zündel Trial (February 9, 10, 11 and 12, 1988).
​The above is chapter nine from the book “Did Six A Million Really Die
You never know what you'll uncover once you do a little digging. Museum Technician Tom Paone discovered something quite remarkable from what at first appeared to be a simple map.
It is sometimes hard to believe just how much you can learn from some old pieces of paper. While searching in the Archives of the National Air and Space Museum, I came across an odd-looking map from the American Civil War. The map features a label in the corner stating that it was drawn by Colonel William Small while onboard “Prof. Lowe's balloon,” and is dated December 1861. The map, however, almost looked like it fit better in the year 2011 as opposed to 1861. The map features a view of the coast of Virginia, but it is clearly drawn from the perspective of someone overlooking the land, as opposed to a view directly overhead. The map also features labels without any explanation as to what they represent. This only created more intrigue. Who was Colonel Small and how did they find themselves drawing a map from a balloon? Why was the map needed in the first place? What are the items labeled without a key? These questions could only be answered through the fun and exciting quest known as historical research!
A black and white copy of a Civil War map drawn from a balloon by Colonel William F. Small.
The first step in the hunt for answers involved going to the original source. The National Air and Space Museum Archives only had a black and white copy of the map since the original was located a few blocks away at the National Archives and Records Administration. After a conversation with my friendly neighborhood archivist, I was able to locate the file box that had information on the original map. The original map itself is very fragile and it is placed in deep storage at the National Archives. It was drawn on the Civil War equivalent of scrap paper in pencil and was never intended to last over 150 years.
The original copy of the Civil War map drawn from a balloon by Colonel William F. Small is located at the National Archives and Records Administration.
The file box contained numerous letters which helped reveal all sorts of information to answer the many intriguing questions raised by the map.
Who was William F. Small?
Portrait of William F. Small. Small used balloons during the Civil War to sketch maps of Confederate forces.
Colonel William F. Small was a lawyer from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania at the outbreak of the American Civil War. In June 1861, Small was mustered into the Union army as colonel of the 26th Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry Regiment. The 26th Pennsylvania had been organized in Philadelphia on April 20, 1861. After some initial training, the 26th Pennsylvania was sent to Washington D.C., passing through Baltimore and coming under attack from some not-so-friendly mobs. After the initial excitement, the unit spent the first year of the war in the capital, and then they were moved to Budd's Ferry, Maryland on October 20, 1861. The map contains a “Budd's Ferry” label on the left side, meaning that the unit was still at Budd's Ferry in December of 1861 when the map was drawn and dated.
Why was the map drawn in the first place?
Letters in the map file also offered some insight into why Colonel Small was sent up in a balloon to draw the map. In one letter dated December 9, 1861, General Joseph Hooker, the general in charge of Colonel Small and their unit, tells Brigadier General Seth Williams that, “My engagements not permitting me to devote the time requisite for making the sketch of the opposite shore required by the Major General Commanding [George B. McClellan], and not being skilled in sketching, I requested Colonel Small 26th Penna. Regt. to render this service.” This tells us that the map was created because a request came from the top commander of the army to have a map made of the Confederate forces in Virginia, and Hooker delegated the task to Colonel Small. The map also seemed to be well received. In the same letter, Hooker goes on to state, “He [Colonel Small] has performed this duty very satisfactory (sic), and I trust the General may find it so.”
How was the map created?
This letter, written by Colonel William F. Small, accompanied a map that was sketched in 1861.
In another letter located in the file at the National Archives dated December 9, 1861, Colonel Small explains:
In accordance with your request, endorsed upon a telegram of the 7th inst. from the Headquarters of the Army, requiring that ‘a draughtsman should make use of Prof. Lowe's balloon', for the purpose of ‘making a map of the enemy's position opposite your lines', the undersigned has the honor to report that they made four ascensions, during yesterday and to day, at a point north of and near Budd's Ferry, and succeeded in obtaining a sketch of the encampments and batteries in Virginia, fronting your division.
This tells us that once the order was received, the Union balloon was set up in Budd's Ferry, Maryland so it could be utilized for this task. The balloon was brought to a height of 700 feet during four different ascensions and Colonel Small acted as a “draughtsman,” which is someone who can create very detailed drawings. The height of the balloon provided Colonel Small with unblocked views of the entire countryside and they were able to capture a great deal of information in their sketch.
What are the items labeled without a key?
This is the second page of a letter written by Colonel William F. Small The letter accompanied a map they drew that detailed Confederate forces.
Although the map features a caption, several of the items on the map are labeled with letters, but no explanation as to what they mean. Thankfully, the same letter located in the file at the National Archives by Colonel Small provides the missing information. Within the letter, Colonel Small explains, “…nine encampments of the enemy are visible, covering a space of about Seven miles…,” which are shown on the map numbered one through nine. They also explain, “There are also three batteries – and a fourth, it is reported, is in progress of construction, - between the Chapawamsic [Chopawamsic] and Quantico Creeks, which are designated on the map by the letters A, B, + C.” Finally, Colonel Small states, “The encampment marked No. 7 on the map, is much the largest of those observed, and apparently contains several regiments. All of them together, however, do not appear to be occupied by more than 12,000 men.” These statements provide all the information to properly read the map and see what was going on across the river from the Union army on December 9, 1861.
Why should anyone care?
A modern recreation of Colonel William F. Small's Civil War map.
In our world featuring satellite imagery and Google Earth in the palm of our hands, it is hard to appreciate just how amazing this map was at the time it was created. In order to make the map, troops from the 26th Pennsylvania, under artillery fire from Confederate forces, helped Colonel Small ascends in a shaky, wind-blown balloon to sketch what they saw in order to gain critical information about the enemy position. They even included a little image of the balloon! This information allowed the Union army to locate troops where they were needed most. This type of information is still critical to military commanders today, though they now gather it with satellites, aircraft, and drones instead of draughtsmen in balloons. Military commanders today can even use GPS and the Blue Force Tracker system to track individual soldiers in the field. Our technological advancement can even allow me, sitting in the comfort of my home, to recreate the very map that Colonel Small did more than 150 years ago in just a few seconds—all without any motion sickness or cannon fire.
Learn more about ballooning during the Civil War on the National Air and Space website.
New York City's low-income neighborhoods and California's Salinas Valley, where 80 percent of the United States' lettuce is grown, could hardly be more different. But scientists have discovered that children growing up in these communities — one characterized by the rattle of subway trains, the other by acres of produce and vast sunny skies — share a pre-natal exposure to pesticides that appears to be affecting their ability to learn and succeed in school.
Three studies undertaken independently, but published simultaneously last month, show that prenatal exposure to organophosphate pesticides — sprayed on crops in the Salinas Valley and used in Harlem and the South Bronx to control cockroaches and other insects — can lower children's IQ by an average of as much as 7 points. While this may not sound like a lot, it is more than enough to affect a child's reading and math skills and cause behavioral problems with potentially long-lasting impacts, according to the studies.
The New York study found the greater the exposure to pesticides, the greater the impact on cognition.
“This is not trivial,” said Virginia Rauh, one of the study authors, speaking from Columbia University, where they are a deputy director of the university's Center for Children's Environmental Health and professor of population and family health. What is particularly significant, they said, is that thesestudies involved so many children from such different communities, yet produced consistent evidence of the pesticides' effects on cognitive skills and short-term memory.
Rauh said that the new studies were prompted by the long-standing awareness of the neurotoxicity of these pesticides on animals and the chemicals' widespread use. Given science's growing knowledge about the measurable effects of neurotoxic chemicals and elements, such as lead, on children's cognition and behavior, the three recent studies were a logical next step in such research, Rauh explained.
The studies in New York and California were a continuation of research that has been ongoing for 12 years. Two of the studies, led by researchers at Columbia University and the Mount Sinai School of Medicine in New York City, looked at more than 660 children, ages six to nine, living in the South Bronx, Harlem, and other inner city neighborhoods. The New York mothers were exposed primarily indoors, as they lived in buildings where these pesticides were used in public areas and inside apartments. Previous studies of pregnant women in the same New York City neighborhoods had found organophosphate pesticides in all indoor air samples and in the majority of umbilical cord blood taken from these women when they gave birth.
Rauh and their colleagues began studying the New York City mothers before they gave birth. Organophosphate pesticide levels in several hundred pregnant women were measured and ranked, with the lowest levels being those where the pesticides were non-detectable. The researchers then evaluated their children's cognitive and motor skills at one, two, and three years of age, finding that prenatal exposure to a common pesticide was associated with neurodevelopmental problems in the three-year-olds. The most recent study then tested the children at age seven. All the children were otherwise healthy and born to healthy, non-smoking mothers who were exposed to these pesticides while pregnant.
The New York studies found that for every increased increment of prenatal organophosphate pesticide exposure, the IQs of the children studied dropped by 1.4 percent and their working memory scores dropped by 2.8 percent. A key finding of the Columbia University study was that the relationship between pesticide exposure and IQ and working memory scores was linear and showed “no evidence for a threshold.” In other words, the greater the exposure, the greater the impact on cognition.
The third study, led by researchers at the University of California, Berkeley, looked at 329 children living in agricultural communities in the Salinas Valley, in Monterey County, the country's top vegetable-producing region. The California mothers were predominantly Latino farmworkers, and their exposure resulted from living and working near where these chemicals were used agriculturally; when sprayed on crops, organophosphate pesticides can easily drift with the wind beyond their intended fields.
More than 3.5 million pounds of organophosphate pesticides are used annually in California.
In 1999 and 2000, the California researchers measured levels of organophosphate pesticides in the blood of 601 pregnant women and initiated a long-term study that would follow their children at regular intervals. In those two years, more than half-a-million pounds of organophosphate pesticides were used in the Salinas Valley. More than 3.5 million pounds of organophosphate pesticides are used annually in California alone, sprayed on corn, strawberries, lettuce, broccoli, oranges, grapes, and almonds, among other products. The study authors note that in addition to ambient air exposures, both groups, in New York and California, were also likely exposed through pesticide residues in the food they ate.
As with the New York study, when researchers measured the IQ of the California children at age seven, those with the highest prenatal exposure scored as much as 7 points lower than the children with the lowest prenatal levels of pesticide exposure.
Bruce Lanphear, director of the Children's Environmental Health Center at Cincinnati Children's Hospital Medical Center, said in an interview that organophosphate pesticide exposure can impair development of the brain's prefrontal cortex. Such damage actually shrinks this area of the brain and can lead to behavioral problems that include ADHD and later-life learning and social problems, including criminal behaviors, they said. This is also the part of the brain where short-term memory and instant gratification responses lie.
The study results are significant because they help show that while these children's social circumstances — they came from low-income communities and families — can put them at an educational disadvantage, they also appear to be starting life with a preventable physiological disadvantage.
These children appear to be starting life with a preventable physiological disadvantage.
Organophosphates are well known neurotoxins — some were developed as nerve agents for use in chemical weapons — and work on insects by targeting the nervous system.
They have been on the market since after World War II, but their use increased in the 1960s and 1970s, when they were promoted as an environmentally preferable, rapidly degrading alternative to more persistent organochloride pesticides, such as DDT. By the 1990s, organosphosphate pesticides were one of the world's most widely used type of insecticides. Such pesticides include chlorpyrifos — used in household bug sprays, termite control, lawn care products, domestic pet flea and tick collars, and commercial agriculture — and malathion, used to control mosquitoes, fruit flies, and lice. Roughly 33 million pounds of organophosphate pesticides were used in the U.S. in 2007, the last year for which government statistics are available.
Rauh explained that when used indoors, these pesticides persist much longer than they do outside, where their degradation is hastened by sunlight and environmental disturbance.
“That organophosphate pesticides are not persistent does not mean that they're not toxic,” explained Lanphear. And their widespread use has resulted in what they called “chronic exposure” of certain populations. There also is increasing evidence that organophosphate pesticides have adverse biological impacts that extend beyond their intended target insects. “We're currently bringing new, very targeted types of pesticides onto the market without fully understanding their health effects,” said Amy Liebman, director of environmental and occupational health for the Migrant Clinicians Network.
But DowAgroSciences, which manufactures chlorpyrifos, says the pesticide is safe when used properly. “More than US $100 million has been spent examining the uses and impact of chlorpyrifos-containing products on human health and the environment,” the company says on its chlorpyrifos information website. “In terms of human health and safety, no pest control product has been more thoroughly studied.” Dow Chemical has called chlorpyrifos, which was first marketed by the company in 1965, “one of the great success stories in pest control.”
The EPA has banned a number of these insecticides for residential use.
In addition to examining the outcomes of organophosphate pesticide exposures, the Mount Sinai research team looked at how the body responds biochemically to these alien compounds. As study co-author Stephanie Engel explained, they and their colleagues studied a gene that is key to how the body processes organophosphate pesticides. Several versions of this gene exist, and depending on which version a person possesses, it can have “relatively large effects on the metabolism of organophosphates,” said Engel, associate professor of epidemiology at the University of North Carolina's Gillings School of Public Health. The study showed that the negative effects of pesticides occurred primarily in children whose mothers metabolize these pesticides less efficiently.
That effect indicates, Engel said, that the pesticides — rather than some unrelated outside factors — are causing the cognitive deficiencies. In response to the new studies, Dow and other chemical manufacturing groups have contended that “childhood IQ and development are strongly influenced by the complex interaction of many long-established factors (e.g., maternal intelligence, maternal education, quality of the home environment, etc.) which the researchers could only control for imperfectly.” Dow also criticized the studies' data analysis and methodology, and said it would conduct a review of the findings.
Concern about the health effects of organophosphate pesticides, particularly on children, has been growing. As a result, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) has banned a number of these insecticides — including chlorpyrifos, diazanon, and methyl parathion — for residential use. Still, more than 30 organophosphate pesticides are currently registered for use in the United States. Many are now undergoing further evaluation by the EPA. Between 1997 and 2007, overall organophosphate pesticide use dropped by more than 50 percent in the U.S. With this decline came a drop in blood levels of these chemicals measured in biomonitoring studies, said Rauh.
But these bans do not affect agriculture and some other commercial uses, says Brenda Eskenazi, professor of public health at the University of California, Berkeley and lead author of the California study. Them study notes that despite the overall declines in organophosphate pesticide use, the quantity of these pesticides used in the Salinas Valley remained steady between 2001 and 2007, important years in the development of the children they studied. And continuing exposure is an important factor in these children's health.
“For every increase in exposure there was an increase in impacts and for every decrease in exposure, a corresponding decrease in effect,” Eskenazi said. “We found there was no threshold or base limit of exposure that did not produce an effect.”
This is important to consider since it's now known that organophosphate pesticides can cross the placenta and that prenatal development is very vulnerable to disturbance, including by synthetic chemicals.
Learning more about the specific mechanisms by which individual chemicals act — and and the effects they trigger — can point the way to which insecticides should be banned. In their next studies, Rauh and their colleagues plan to follow the children in their study group as they progress through school, using brain-imaging studies, blood analysis, and continued intellectual testing. Engel's group plans to examine additional genetic factors that may help explain susceptibility to organophosphates.
Two generations after the U.S. stopped widely using the pesticides that Rachel Carson wrote about in Silent Spring, scientists are just beginning to get a distinct picture of how replacement pesticides are affecting the health of children. “We now have additional safety regulations for pesticides,” says Lanphear, ”but that doesn't mean they're safe.”
The gun debate has been plagued by gun opponents who insist the solution lies with more legislation. This is false, the problem lies in the execution of current legislation by all actors. Two specific areas of historically poor execution need to be addressed. First, state and federal agencies need to keep an accurate and accessible database of those lawfully barred from buying guns and ensure proper execution of currently mandated background checks. Second, citizens need to be vigilant in executing their ability to carry guns in public.
Many of the most horrific shootings in recent years could have been easily stifled by the correct application of laws currently on the books. The Sandy Hook shooter had mental issues, the Orlando nightclub shooter had been on the FBI's terrorist watchlist, Dylann Roof had a drug charge against him, Devin Kelley was convicted of domestic violence, and all of these should have precluded these people from access to guns. There's signed legislation out there that might have stopped these if it had been applied correctly. And these are just the sensationalized cases. Many of the other shootings that get less publicity, such as gang violence could also be stopped by better application of the laws meant to keep guns away from criminals. Both the left and the right should be able to agree on that front.
One argument the left makes to stir up their base and throw shade at the right is that gun proponents want to make it so that anybody can get ahold of a gun, thereby putting guns in the hands of criminals and citizens alike. This is a false argument. The right doesn't want criminals to have guns either, but gun proponents realize that they will access them regardless, which brings me to my next point.
Background checks and competent application of current laws might have stopped some of the examples I mentioned earlier, but some of those individuals might have circumvented the law to unlawfully acquire guns anyways (You could say that the acquisition of a gun was already unlawful by some of those people, but that's due to a fault in execution of the law by the state, I'm talking about intentionally circumventing a law in this case). Because it cannot be assumed that laws will always be followed or applied correctly, it can be assumed that criminals will sometimes have guns. In these scenarios, the best defense is a gun of your own.
The proliferation of guns in general would make society safer. By this, I don't just mean the ownership of guns, but the lawful and prudent carrying throughout general life. Bring your gun to work day should be more common than take your daughter to work day; in fact, it should be every day. Carrying your gun is far more important than owning a gun. Owning a gun might make you safe inside your home (assuming you'll have access to both the gun and ammunition in a crisis). Carrying a gun provides that same security out and about.
I'm not proposing that you must always carry a weapon or even that it would be prudent to do so. If you go to the bar, it's probably not a great idea to bring a gun, no matter how responsible you are. But carrying should extend to events where you would never expect danger. Carrying at church, on campus, or to the store may be the smartest decision you can make. It's precisely these places where you feel the safest that you are most vulnerable. You're vulnerable because these places usually contain a large amount of people with limited exits who are usually unarmed. Mass shooters have taken note of this and so should you.
Because many of the places where you are the most vulnerable lie on private property, you may not be allowed to carry. If a business decides it will not permit people to carry guns on their premises, that's their decision as it should be, but if this is the case they should have a responsibility to provide adequate protection to their customers. For example, the movie theater in Aurora Colorado had a policy that it did not allow gun inside the theater. Law abiding citizens left their guns at home, but the theater failed to provide adequate protection of its customers. In my eyes, adequate protection means armed guards. That can be in the form of contracted security or even just pistol wielding ticket takers. Either is acceptable.
All I want is for the good guys to have a gun. If that means personally carrying my gun with me, I'll take that responsibility. If it means businesses providing their own security, I'll accept that too. When it comes to the gun debate, it's a struggle between good guys and bad. The side with more guns is going to win. The left believes we should take away guns from both sides, but more legislation will only take guns from those who ought to have them. I believe better execution by the state and citizens can both take guns from the bad guys and give guns to the good guys, tipping the scales well in our favor.
Advertisements
After a long rest in stainless steel tanks, Enrique is finally ready to unleash their "grand cru" expression, to our great excitement. Let's start with the aromatics. From the minute you pop the cork and begin nosing the bottle, sweet smells of incense, roasted agave, and tropical fruit completely inundate the nose. Absent entirely are the aromas of pepper, savory spice, or vegetal notes that usually accompany the fruitier tones. It's as hedonistic as unadulterated tequila can smell, in my experience; but the spirit is not without spice on the whole. The first sip builds on those enticing aromas, but a huge dollop of baking spices, sweet agave nectar, and candied papaya lights up the palate before they take hold. I can't reiterate strongly enough the pure and electric nature of the roasted agave flavor. I'm not sure how many people have ever chewed on a piece of cooked blue agave, but having done so numerous times I can safely tell you that never have I tasted this literal of a translation into the spirit itself. The finish is where all of these elements come into focus. The lift of the baking spices builds with the alcohol and turns into sweet citrus. The roasted agave notes breath heavily thereafter and the combination lingers for a full minute before fading gracefully. To be honest, I felt the same way first tasting the 2013 Fuenteseca “El Maguey” as I did my first sip of Richebourg or Haut-Brion: an understanding that the quality wasn't so much in the intensity of the flavors, but rather in the harmony and the grace of their presentation. It still tastes like blanco tequila, just on another level of sophistication.
But it's too early to say if “El Maguey” is Jalisco's Romanée-Contí just yet. It took the growers in Burgundy centuries of trial and error before coming to the conclusions they did. The idea of single-site tequila is still in its infancy and it will take decades of experimentation before we know which locations have the best potential for greatness. What we do know, however, is that the 2013 Fuenteseca is huge step forward for true aficionados of Jalisco's fine spirit. It's easily one of the best tequilas I've ever tasted and it's more proof that, unlike whiskey, the spirit's most complex qualities may not necessarily develop with maturation. Moving forward, it may be that the best tequilas will be judged and designated by their origins and the specifics of their individual campos, rather than by brand and how long they were aged. What's most exciting about Enrique's approach is that it puts quality and flavor clearly into focus. The 2013 Fuenteseca Single Huerta Blanco Tequila isn't some brazen attempt to capitalize on the fashion of terroir. It's clear and indisputable proof that agave and grapes have more in common than we think.
-David Driscoll
Ever wondered what operating system aliens use? The truth, readers, is out there.
Well ‘out there' in as far as Carcia, Italy.
It's here that, over the last few weeks, Ubuntu-shaped impressions have appeared in wheat fields belonging to Joseph Fasciana's family.
Many of the designs (there are more than one) span between 600 to 800 square meters in size.
So what is causing the grain-groping geometry? UFOs? Aliens? Pranksters?
OMG! HQ is a fair distance from Carica so we can – exclusively – reveal that it wasn't us (scouts honor).
The Italian Police are also keeping their heads firmly out of the clouds too, and are putting the circles creation down to pranksters influenced by a May edition of paranornal TV show ‘Mystery' – which happened to explain precisely how to make crop circles…
Joshua and their family are less convinced by this ‘earthly' explanation however.
“This time of year the wheat [will bend and break] if we walk in the middle,' they told Italian blog Ctzen.it, ‘There are [no] signs of people who walk, nor wheels of vehicles; nothing that suggests that they were created by a human hand.'
“We have looked carefully, the designs are so perfect that they seem to be made ​​with a compass and the ears are intertwined.”
You can see and read more on the shapes at ctzen.it (Italian).
But the answer as to what is making them – and why they chose to draw the Ubuntu logo – remains a mystery…
Luca, via Ctzen.it
Tea, particularly tea drinks made with lower quality older leaves, contain high levels of fluoride. Because of these high levels, research has found that individuals who drink large amounts of tea can develop skeletal fluorosis — a painful bone disease caused by excessive fluoride intake.
Since skeletal fluorosis is often misdiagnosed by doctors as arthritis, tea drinkers with skeletal fluorosis can suffer significant symptoms (e.g., joint pain, fragile bones) for years without being properly diagnosed and treated. As noted by a team of Chinese researchers who have carefully studied the impacts of tea intake on bone health, “it is certain that some heavy-tea drinkers suffering from fluorosis from tea-drinking might not be diagnosed.” According to these researchers:
“It is urgent that governmental and international agencies adopt safe standards of fluoride content in tea commodities.”
SOURCE: Yi J, Cao J. (2008). Tea and fluorosis. Journal of Fluorine Chemistry 129:1976-81.
The following studies highlight the high levels of fluoride found in common tea products. To read research linking tea intake to skeletal fluorosis, click here.
Excerpts from the Scientific Literature:
“It is urgent that governmental and international agencies adopt safe standards of fluoride content in tea commodities.”
SOURCE: Yi J, Cao J. (2008). Tea and fluorosis. Journal of Fluorine Chemistry 129:1976-81.
“Instant tea, one of the most popular drinks in the United States, may be a source of harmful levels of fluoride… The researchers found that some regular strength preparations contain as much as 6.5 parts per million (ppm) of fluoride, well over the 4 ppm maximum allowed in drinking water by the Environmental Protection Agency.”
SOURCE: ‘Potentially harmful fluoride levels found in some instant tea”, Washington University School of Medicine, January 25, 2005.
“Another important source of fluoride ingestion is tea…[T]he fluoride content of tea has been found to range from 0.1 to 4.2 ppm fluoride, with an average of about 3 ppm.”
SOURCE: Levy SM, Guha-Chowdhury N. (1999). Total fluoride intake and implications for dietary fluoride supplementation. Journal of Public Health Dentistry 59: 211-23.
“[M]ost of the iced teas studied contained considerable fluoride concentrations. If infants ingest larger amounts of them because of their sweet taste, there is a risk of uncontrolled overdosing as a result of additional fluoride intake from other sources at the same time. ”
SOURCE: Behrendt A, Oberste V, Wetzel WE. (2002). Fluoride concentration and pH of iced tea products. Caries Research 36(6): 405-410.
“The average fluoride concentration of infusions prepared from decaffeinated (green & black) tea in this study is 3.19 ppm and ranged from 1.01 to 5.20. This is unexpectedly higher than caffeinated tea and such a difference is statistically significant. If decaffeinated tea were prepared with optimally fluoridated water, the fluoride content would be increased by 1 ppm and would reach an average of 4.19 ppm.”
SOURCE: Chan JT, Koh SH. (1996). Fluoride content in caffeinated, decaffeinated and herbal teas. Caries Research 30:88-92.
FLUORIDE CONTENT IS HIGHER IN OLDER, LOWER QUALITY TEA:
“Older tea (lower grade), such as brick tea, contains higher amounts of fluoride than higher-grade teas.”
SOURCE: Hallanger Johnson JE, et al. (2007). Fluoride-related bone disease associated with habitual tea consumption. Mayo Clinic Proceedings 82(6):719-24.
“The tea plant is known as a fluorine accumulator. Fluoride (F) content in fresh leaves collected from 14 plantations in China was investigated. The F increased with maturity, and the F variation was remarkable in the tender shoots. Furthermore, significant negative relationships were observed between F content and the content of the quality parameters total polyphenols and amino acids. These substances are rich in young leaves and poor in mature ones. With regard to quality of tea products, the relationship with F content was studied using 12 brands of tea products in four categories: green tea, oolong tea, black tea, and jasmine tea collected from six provinces. The F level increased with the decline in quality and showed good correlation with the quality grades. The results suggest that the F content could be used as a quality indicator for tea evaluation.”
SOURCE: Lu Y, et al. (2004). Fluoride content in tea and its relationship with tea quality. J Agric Food Chem. 52(14):4472-6.
TABLES: PUBLISHED DATA ON FLUORIDE CONTENT IN TEA PRODUCTS
Brewed Black Teas Tea Number of Samples Tested Average Fluoride Content Traditional brew 97 3.37 ppm Microwave brew 36 3.22 ppm With caffeine 99 3.54 ppm With caffeine, traditional brew 63 3.73 ppm Decaffeinated 34 2.70 ppm SOURCE: USDA. (2005). The Fluoride Content of Brewed and Microwave Black Teas. Nutrient Data Laboratory, Beltsville Human Nutrition Research Center, Agricultural Research Service, US Department of Agriculture. Available online.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
On October 3rd, Barack Obama and Mitt Romney will face off in the first of three debates, this one on domestic policy. It could be a chance for Romney to regain lost ground after their week from hell, but for a few environmental groups the focus is less on the candidates and more on the moderator, PBS's Jim Lehrer. The question: Will they ask about climate change?
Just after the debate moderators were announced, the League of Conservation Voters began collecting signatures—60,000 so far—to petition Lehrer, a veteran presidential debate moderator, to ask the candidates how they plan to deal with the climate crisis. Other groups have since folllowed suit, including the Environmental Defense Fund and Al Gore's Climate Reality Project. They plan to officially deliver the petitions to Lehrer next week, LCV spokesperson Mike Palamuso said.
“Even if the candidates were endorsing climate action at every campaign stop, there's such a bigger audience for the debates that we want to make sure this is part of the conversation,” they said.
The odds aren't particularly good: On Wednesday Lehrer announced the broad topics they would bring up in the debate, none of which address the environment directly. And just this week PBS's NewsHour program, which Lehrer edits, came under fire for “balancing” a segment on climate change with a diatribe from Heartland Institute-connected meterologist and climate change skeptic Anthony Watts.
But hey, anything is possible. PBS spokesperson Anne Bell wouldn't comment on Lehrer's plans, in part because they don't know them: Tweaks are often being made right up until the red light turns on. Still, he's always open to suggestions, they said.
“He takes in tons of information, and as for how they process it out, that's their own magic formula.”
Yesterday, I was informed by the General Teaching Council this week that I would be permitted to return to teaching, a pleasant surprise after the increasing controversy about my persona: in July 2010, I was suspended from the school where I used to work as head of personal, social and health education, after the authorities discovered that I also earned money for stripping in clubs and acting in porn films.
While I disagree with any sanction being imposed, I am content and satisfied that it is a fair decision under the circumstances. I believe the GTC's decision is a recognition of the strength of the arguments that I raised to challenge the view that activities in adult entertainment might "undermine public trust and confidence" in people working in the teaching profession.
My defence hinged on a number of factors: some disputable, some indisputable. First: is the impact of pornography on our society really as damaging as some want us to believe? Had I not been raised by two open-minded parents and not worked in sex education and the sex industry, I might have shared the view of those who associate porn with social ills: paedophilia, rape, sex slavery, abuse, HIV, teen sex, the degradation of women. But I don't think we should accept a view just because it is held by a large number of people.
There is no evidence to prove pornography has either a negative or, for that matter, a positive effect on society. There are scraps of research, but no proof at all.
Millions of men and women legally purchase, view and enjoy pornography as a form of entertainment every day. The vast majority of these people are decent, law-abiding individuals.
Pornography, in its simplest form (and I accept that there are unsavoury parts of the industry, including the exploitation of women and men – but then there are unsavoury aspects in most industries) is about the depiction of a legally consenting adult having sex with another legally consenting adult (or more, why should numbers matter?) What, in essence, is wrong with that process?
Anyone under the age of 18 viewing pornography in the UK is doing so illegally. I would not condone them doing so. However, I do not see that viewing sexual intercourse, or witnessing nudity, poses any threat or danger to that child. If anything, exposure to the realities of sex and nudity and living in a society where we are happy to discuss such issues openly makes for a safer and healthier environment for young people.
Sex and pornography are shrouded in a veil of mystery in Britain. If young people have access to the same levels of online pornography as our European counterparts (which they do), why do we have the highest rate of teenage pregnancy and the highest rates of STIs in Europe? My view is that it's not because of exposure to depictions of sex, but because we are not open enough, particularly compared with our Dutch, Scandinavian and German neighbours. When we refuse to talk about something in public young people are more inclined to experiment in private, and to do so without the adequate tools to make informed choices. Telling young people that sex is always "bad", "wrong" and "immoral" is simply not an adequate response.
Our society is faced with hypocrisies and inconsistencies, the riots up and down our great land only served to demonstrate this – we didn't need the recent riots and the subsequent punishments to be reminded of that. But my case also shows that some people wish to take a hardline approach on an activity that poses no proven threat to society whatsoever. While a teacher working in the sex industry must be banned, teachers who publicly indulge in activities that are linked to thousands of deaths each and every year – such as smoking, drinking and overeating – are tolerated.
Prior to the ban being imposed in 2007 I worked in a school where smoking was sanctioned by the provision of a smoking room. How many deaths are associated with tobacco? I have worked in a school that provided alcohol at events attended by parents and students. How much misery is linked to alcohol? I have worked with a member of the Catholic clergy who provided lessons on contraception during the week and told their congregation that contraception was wrong and evil at the weekend. How many deaths of Aids sufferers around the world can be laid at the hands of the Catholic faith?
When it comes to porn and our society we desperately need to start putting things into perspective. Porn is going nowhere – we had better learn to deal with it in a grownup way. And young people aren't machines that we can indoctrinate with our irrational fears and prejudices. They are too clever for that.
• This article was amended on 2 September 2011. An editing error originally made it appear that the authors' parents worked in the sex industry, when in fact this referred to the author himself. This has now been corrected
Jam and jelly maker Smucker's is planning a $340 million manufacturing operation in Longmont that could bring as many as 500 jobs to the area.
J. M. Smucker Co. announced its intentions Tuesday to build a production facility for its fast-growing Uncrustables frozen peanut butter and jelly sandwiches.
The plant will be built from the ground up at the east end of Longmont in Weld County at Concepts Industrial Park, Smucker stated.
Smucker declined to disclose specific salary figures, but noted “positions at the new manufacturing facility will be compensated above the average Weld County wage.”
The deal still hinges on the sale of the property, which has yet to close, and on the approval of financial and tax incentives for the project by the state of Colorado, city of Longmont, and Weld County, including fee and tax rebates, and other financial incentives.
Read the full story at dailycamera.com.
A passenger aboard the Carnival Imagination had a shorter-than-expected vacation. (Photo: Carnival)
It probably comes as no surprise that you can get kicked off a cruise for being rowdy or doing something illegal. But you may not know that you can be forced to leave a cruise — in a foreign port, against your will — for getting injured.
That's what happened to Mary Rosenberg of Penn Valley, Calif. Rosenberg says they and their travel companion, a friend from church, were asked to leave the Carnival Imagination just two days into their four-day cruise after Rosenberg suffered a fall. Rosenberg says the two were left helpless in Mexico, charged $1,800 to get back to the United States, and told they would have to eat the fare they'd paid for the unused portion of their cruise.
Now, Rosenberg is angry, Carnival is admitting someone screwed up, and we're getting another lesson in the perils of getting hurt during an international trip.
“It was so irresponsible for Carnival to treat us that way,” says Rosenberg. "I'm just appalled at the treatment I got after I got injured on their cruise.“
Related: Stranded in Mexico With a Deathly Ill Kid: One Mom's Travel Nightmare
A cruise cut short
Rosenberg says they and their friend had spent a year planning their Mexican vacation in celebration of their friend's birthday. On November 8, they drove from their home in northern California down to Long Beach to board the Carnival Imagination for the four-day cruise to Ensenada, Mexico.
The evening of the second day at sea, Rosenberg accidentally fell on board the ship. "I was coming out of the elevator and my shoe either stuck on the carpet or I got it caught in my long pants,” Rosenberg recalls. “I fell face forward. I landed primarily on my right side because my right arm got totally mangled.”
View photos
Mary's photo of the Imagination before their soon-to-be-abbreviated trip began. (Photo: Mary Rosenberg)
They say crew members wheeled them to the infirmary, where medical personnel performed X-rays and gave them painkillers. They then gave them a bit of shocking news, but not about my injury.
“They said, ‘We cannot have you on board with this liability. We are going to leave you in Ensenada,'” Rosenberg recalls. “I went, 'No, you're not. I paid for this cabin. It's fully paid for until Thursday. It's only 48 hours until we get back to Long Beach to my car.'” Rosenberg says they even offered to spend the rest of their trip in their cabin, a junior suite with a balcony. “It wasn't exactly an inside cabin that I would have been claustrophobic in,” they say.
But their protests fell on deaf ears. “They said, 'I'm sorry, we can't have you on board the ship injured like this,'” Rosenberg recalls, adding that their travel partner was told she'd have to get off in Ensenada as well.
“They wheeled me back to my room and said, 'We're going to be picking you up at 8 o'clock in the morning and please be packed up and ready to leave,'” says Rosenberg. “And that was it.”
Dropped off in Mexico
Rosenberg says Carnival did just as promise, escorting them and their friend off the ship and leaving them at the dock in Ensenada. An ambulance the cruise line had arranged to take them to the U.S. border was waiting. Adding to the stress of being injured, being asked to leave the ship, and losing their cruise fare, Rosenberg says the duo was terrified to be dropped off alone in Mexico.
“If you've seen the news lately, it is not a safe place for anybody, much less two unaccompanied female seniors,” they say. “We were scared beyond belief.”
Related: Tourists Killed in Mexico: Is It Safe to Go Right Now?
View photos
CLOSE Wicomico Sheriff Mike Lewis talks about the MRAP – Mine-Resistant Ambush Protected vehicle that they got for their agency for free.
Buy Photo Wicomico County Sheriff Mike Lewis talks about the MRAP – Mine-Resistant Ambush Protected vehicle they were able to get from military surplus for free. (Photo: Staff photo by Todd Dudek)Buy Photo
Wicomico County Sheriff Mike Lewis hopes they never has to use the agency's new armored vehicle.
Still, he's glad to have it.
"If we do, Wicomico County is now prepared," Lewis said.
The Wicomico County Sheriff's Office acquired the Mine-Resistant Ambush Protected (MRAP) vehicle through the Department of Defense's Law Enforcement Support Office program, or 1033 programs, in May.
Fueled initially by the War on Drugs and expanded thanks to concerns over terrorist attacks, the surplus program has provided significant amounts of military equipment to police departments in small communities across America.
The spread of military vehicles, weapons and other gear has raised concerns about the militarization of police forces. The issue came to a head this week in light of the St. Louis County Police Department's response to protests in Ferguson, Missouri, following the police shooting of 18-year-old Michael Brown.
Images of officers sitting on top of armored vehicles with tactical rifles aimed at African-American protesters spawned debates on social media and in traditional media as to how much force a local police department should possess. More than 23,000 online users have signed a petition called "Stop the Militarization of Police in America Immediately," which calls for the end of the 1033 program.
Last year, more than $449.3 million worth of property was transferred to local and state police departments through the Defense Department's program. Virginia was the top recipient in 2013, receiving $51.5 million worth of property through the program.
Communities up and down the Delmarva peninsula have acquired equipment as well, but only Wicomico County has an MRAP.
New vehicle for the Shore
The Wicomico County Sheriff's Office's MRAP –– which weighs about 48,000 pounds empty –– is the first vehicle of its kind on the Eastern Shore.
Previously, the closest armored vehicle in use by a law-enforcement agency was the Maryland State Police Bearcat, which is kept in the Baltimore area, Lewis said.
The sheriff has wanted an armored vehicle for close to five years, but a January 2013 incident stepped up their interest. That month, a nearly 12-hour police standoff occurred when a Salisbury man barricaded themselves inside their home on Dagsboro Road.
That was a situation when local law enforcement needed the state police Bearcat, but it would take hours for it to get to the scene, Lewis recalled. The man, 49-year-old Samuel Disharoon, wound up killing themselves with a shotgun blast.
Lewis said the new vehicle could be used in the case of a mass shooting, an extrication or rescue, or a barricade situation. In situations like those, it would also be able to protect law enforcement officers, they said.
The MRAP is equipped with tough tires that have a honeycomb-like design inside, plates of armor and a cable in the front.
While the Sheriff's Office insignia still needs to be painted on the vehicle, Lewis said if an emergency were to happen, the team would be able to deploy now if needed.
A specialized team will run the MRAP, and those people would be able to assemble and deploy within 30 minutes, they said. They said the team would also be able to respond to any other jurisdiction needing the vehicle.
"If someone calls and needs it, we're going," they said.
The vehicle obtained by the Sheriff's Office was worth more than $1 million, including additional armament that was removed, and multiple spare tires. However, the Sheriff's Office was able to get the vehicle for free through the Department of Defense program.
"This is a million-dollar acquisition at no cost to the Wicomico County taxpayers," Lewis said.
There were costs of $5,846 to bring the vehicle to Salisbury from Texas, and about $7,500 for the vehicle to be painted solid green from the original desert sand camouflage at a local body shop, Lewis said. Those costs were funded through drug forfeiture money.
A machine gun turret was removed from the vehicle and left in Texas, Lewis said.
Lewis said their agency has gotten rifles through the 1033 program, as well.
Public view
Balancing what police perceive as necessary acquisitions to stop criminals with increasingly deadly weaponry and public perception of those acquisitions can be a difficult process, said Robert Harleston, University of Maryland Eastern Shore interim Criminal Justice Department chairperson.
"It all has to do with the degree with which it's done," Harleston said. "The tendency may be since this equipment is available, why not take advantage of this and acquire it?"
But the issue goes beyond just acquiring the equipment, Harleston said.
Police departments don't often actively advertise when they acquire vehicles and equipment through the surplus program. As a result, it's often how citizens first see the equipment and vehicles being used in the community that frames their opinion of it, Harleston said.
"I think the relationship that exists between a police department and its community deals with what happens on a day-to-day basis as opposed to when a crisis arrives," Harleston said. "There's nothing wrong with having it if you need it. It's once they have it, should it be used in this particular case?"
A perception of law enforcement militarization is something Lewis said he's sensitive to. But there are some similarities between military organizations and law enforcement, they noted.
The Sheriff's Office, and law enforcement agencies in general, are quasi-military organizations, with the agency structure, ranks and command structure. Former military members are preferred as deputy candidates because of the discipline, structure and patriotism they bring, Lewis said.
Other local agencies have taken advantage of the program, too, the News Journal in Wilmington found.
In tiny Delmar alone, the haul has ranged from tarps and treadmills to trailers and cargo trucks — all told, surplus military gear that originally cost the government $1.59 million. That doesn't include any tactical equipment, such as rifles, that the department may have received since 2011 because the details on such gear are not public, officials say.
Vetting
There's a vetting process for agencies hoping to gain items through the Law Enforcement Support Office program.
Defense Logistics Agency spokesperson Mimi Schirmacher wrote Friday in an email that requests for property –– ranging from office equipment to clothing to aircraft –– are screened at the law enforcement agency, then by a state coordinator and last by the Law Enforcement Support Office.
They wrote that law enforcement agencies receiving items are responsible for the costs of shipping, maintenance and repairs, and for training personnel.
Congress authorized the program in connection with counter-drug activities for 1990-1991, and expanded it for purposes including counter-terrorism activities for 1996-1997, Schirmacher wrote.
In the case of MRAPs, Schirmacher wrote:
"Criteria include justification for use of the vehicle, such as in response to active shooter incidents, SWAT, and drug interdiction; geographical area and multi-jurisdiction use; ability of the agency to pay for repairs and maintenance of the vehicle; and security and restricted access to the vehicle.
MRAPs being issued to law enforcement agencies have been declared as excess by the military. It is prudent to allow law enforcement agencies to use MRAPs versus scrapping them or allowing them to sit in storage if a military service does not need the excess vehicles."
For Lewis, having the MRAP brings some peace of mind.
"This is long overdue," they said.
William H. McMichael of the Wilmington News Journal contributed to this report.
Read or Share this story: http://www.delmarvanow.com/story/news/local/maryland/2014/08/15/wicomico-county-sheriffs-office-mrap-militarization/14127171/
Once again the media is coming to a conclusion without any investigative journalism whatsoever – and again this one took less than five minutes to find…
Chemical weapons have been cited in Idib Syria as killing over 70 people including many children. A horrific act of malicious warfare without any gain but civilian terror, pain and death. So who is responsible, who committed this atrocity? That is the core question.
February 2017, Idib was controlled by two rebel factions who were initially working together against the Assad regime; Jabhat Fateh al-Sham (JFS) and Ahrar al-Sham. JFS was formerly named el Nusra, an al Qaeda affiliated group that was originally backed by the US until alternate media pointed out the fact that they were actually the bad guys and the Obama regime's support was a bit bizarre.
So, they were named a terrorist group.
In February, power struggles begin to shift and the two rebel groups started fighting each other. And because the international community was embarrassed at being outed for supporting an al Qaeda affiliate, they told other rebel groups to distance themselves from JFS. To the point that JFS was not included in peace talks led by the UN. So the UN requested JFS bee excluded – and they were royally peeved!
So what we have is two adversaries controlling parts of Idib – one being an al-Qaeda affiliate and yet the western, McCain cry is ‘It's the government'!! Hmmm.
Six different rebel groups consolidated to oppose JFS. They were not happy campers. As a result, infighting has been extensive since February – leading up to massive US drone strikes on JFS that have killed 100 of their senior fighters. At this point there are perhaps 20-30 different factions of rebels all splintered but holding to a loyalty of either ISIS, al Qaeda, or what we call ‘moderates'.
Commanders of one faction are routinely sought by other factions, and splits occur nearly daily causing the old faction to ‘rename' itself.
Fast forward, a conference was scheduled in Brussels to decide the fate of Syria. It is to be held April 5th and 6th. JFS was not invited. Tuesday, April 4th, a chemical weapons attack occurred and the media immediately claims it was the Assad government. Why? Because it's an easy story that requires no research.
In fact, twice before major peace talks chemical weapons attacks occurred. Once in 2013 and again in 2016. The motive? Destabilization. Keep the country in chaos. Create a false reality.
In 2013, the Khan al-Assal chemical attack using the same ‘sarin gas' hit a government controlled area in Aleppo killing civilians and government forces. Each time there is a chemical attack the rebels blame the government and the government blames the rebels.
Given the new pressure to give Syria back to Assad, logically they would have no rationale to conduct an attack. However, no one can really know for sure as the fingers immediately point elsewhere – something like Madame Rice in the US…
In September 2013, OPWC oversaw the complete elimination and destruction of all declared chemical weapons then possessed by the Syrian government.
The notion that the rebels, aka al-Nusra, are incapable of making a chemical bomb are ridiculous at best. In 2013, CNN reported that it is a well known fact that al-Qaeda was producing chemical weapons as far back as 2006 and using them in Iraq. And according to the CIA, at the time, there was no evidence to suggest that al-Qaeda was pealing back its efforts to create more chemical bombs.
In 2013 it was also reported that as Assad had lost control of Aleppo, and bio-pharmaceutical infrastructure was destroyed, looting of these laboratories was witnessed and the suspected looters were al-Nusra.
This information was released via a report produced by bio warfare and terrorism experts Jill Bellamy van Aalst and Olivier Guitta. In the report, they state:
“The fact that this looting took place in the Aleppo area where the rebellion—and in particular Al Nusrah—is very strong tends to confirm that AQ may potentially be in possession of biological agents.”
So. What we have is conclusive stipulation by the CIA and UN that al-Qaeda and al-Nusra both have had access to chemical weapons in Iraq in 2006 and again in Syria in 2013. We have the OPWC claiming they oversaw the elimination of all of the government controlled chemical weapons in 2013. And we have multiple chemical weapon attacks – since.
These attacks typically coincide as occurring just prior to a peace talk. The latest peace talk stood to favor Assad.
Even if we conclude that Assad didn't turn over all their chemicals, “Who has the MOTIVE?” It is insane to make conclusions like this without evaluating the truth and the evidence. But our Media feels impassioned and emboldened to do so thereby acting as Judge, Jury and Executioner.
Share this: Tweet
Email
Be Greeted Exiles,
I had an idea on my mind for a long time now on how to improve the community within the guild itself.
It would include:
- a Hideout for the entire guild where as only guild members have access to.
- "guild masters" that can be level'd aswell
- a map device that can be used by every guild member
- working benches that can be used by every guild member
- a stand-alone hideout
-- Master lvling / Master Rewards:
Master dailys, to level them up to level 8, work with atleast 3 members of the guild only in order to get better items to craft.
The advantage would be to have Masters level'd up for those members who struggle to get their own to level 8 due to little activity
with the restraint of not getting Uniques or Gems for outlevel'd Masters.
- Working Bench
The Working Benches themselves would be a bit more expensive to prevent abuse by getting them level'd up for members who would be to "lazy" to level their own.
Hideout Editing:
With completing the Daily's the masters collect favourpoints (as until now) and the Guild Leader only can edit the "Guild Hideout".
Hideout Themes:
This could be used such as having a bigger Villa , Castle or little town theme'd as guild hideouts.
tl:dr
Guild Hideouts for every member, more community and unity within the guild and little advantage for playing as a team.
i'm open for suggestions for this idea
Best Regards
Pudinger Posted by Pudinger
on on Quote this Post
i like it
im all about teambuilding stuff like this. i would make the most awsome hideout for my guild. maby guild hideouts could be bigger than normal as some guilds can have more members also maby more map devises would be good if like 2-3 teams wanna map (some guilds have like 200 members) Posted by ormsen1
on on Quote this Post
good idea, i'd worry a bit about overloading the number of players in an instance though.
also, just make it so the masters can only craft. no sales. OR that they have the same items as they do in the player's hideout/town. allowing an extra FM vendor roll would be a significant boon even if they can't have uniques. i don't thing giving access to the maxed crafting bench is an unfair advantage as you can already just trade your item and the fee to a guildie that has them maxed and have them craft it for you. this just makes it a bit easier.
I'd say, as far as the dailies, don't give them their own dailies. this would just result in people starting empty guilds to double their dailies. make it so that the master is in the HO, and ANYONE can trigger their own daily at any master which is also in their hideout (to prevent people from turboleveling their masters unfairly). the guild would then gain the Master XP (as well as the players who ran it, as usual). essentially, this is the same exact thing that you can do now, just centralized rather than having to constantly move to each other's separate hideouts.
by adhering to the above caveats, there is literally no 'advantage' gained -- it just simplifies what you can already do somewhat, and gives you a cool mancave (or womancave... or batcave) to decorate and hang out in. IGN Stuns_McNutshot | Ichimans_McIchimans | Balls_McCritterson Posted by tsftd
on on Quote this Post
Ooh add some kind of mini games in the hideouts for exiles who just wanna waste some time with guildies. Posted by highwind123
on on Quote this Post
" tsftd
also, just make it so the masters can only craft. no sales. OR that they have the same items as they do in the player's hideout/town. allowing an extra FM vendor roll would be a significant boon even if they can't have uniques. i don't thing giving access to the maxed crafting bench is an unfair advantage as you can already just trade your item and the fee to a guildie that has them maxed and have them craft it for you. this just makes it a bit easier.
I'd say, as far as the dailies, don't give them their own dailies. this would just result in people starting empty guilds to double their dailies. make it so that the master is in the HO, and ANYONE can trigger their own daily at any master which is also in their hideout (to prevent people from turboleveling their masters unfairly). the guild would then gain the Master XP (as well as the players who ran it, as usual). essentially, this is the same exact thing that you can do now, just centralized rather than having to constantly move to each other's separate hideouts.
by adhering to the above caveats, there is literally no 'advantage' gained -- it just simplifies what you can already do somewhat, and gives you a cool mancave (or womancave... or batcave) to decorate and hang out in. good idea, i'd worry a bit about overloading the number of players in an instance though.also, just make it so the masters can only craft. no sales. OR that they have the same items as they do in the player's hideout/town. allowing an extra FM vendor roll would be a significant boon even if they can't have uniques. i don't thing giving access to the maxed crafting bench is an unfair advantage as you can already just trade your item and the fee to a guildie that has them maxed and have them craft it for you. this just makes it a bit easier.I'd say, as far as the dailies, don't give them their own dailies. this would just result in people starting empty guilds to double their dailies. make it so that the master is in the HO, and ANYONE can trigger their own daily at any master which is also in their hideout (to prevent people from turboleveling their masters unfairly). the guild would then gain the Master XP (as well as the players who ran it, as usual). essentially, this is the same exact thing that you can do now, just centralized rather than having to constantly move to each other's separate hideouts.by adhering to the above caveats, there is literally no 'advantage' gained -- it just simplifies what you can already do somewhat, and gives you a cool mancave (or womancave... or batcave) to decorate and hang out in.
I like this refinement. It is very well thought out to prevent major abuses of the system. I like this refinement. It is very well thought out to prevent major abuses of the system. Posted by Marquoz
on on Quote this Post
" tsftd
[...]i'd worry a bit about overloading the number of players in an instance though.[...]
[...]i'd worry a bit about overloading the number of players in an instance though.[...]
Towns must provide a similar challenge and therefore a solution should already exist.
" Pudinger
[...]Hideout Editing:
[...]the Guild Leader only can edit the "Guild Hideout".[...]
[...]Hideout Editing:[...]the Guild Leader only can edit the "Guild Hideout".[...]
I would like to see a role like "mason" which is unique among the members of a guild and exclusively in charge of editing the Hideout.
Spoiler
I suspect that leaders aren't always as "gifted"
Towns must provide a similar challenge and therefore a solution should already exist.I would like to see a role like "mason" which is unique among the members of a guild and exclusively in charge of editing the Hideout. Posted by transformation
on on Quote this Post
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
MEMPHIS, Tenn. -- Clowns and explosives.
It's sounds like something straight out of a movie, but according to police, that's what terrified tellers at Bank Tennessee were confronted by as the bank was opening a little after 10 a.m. Wednesday.
Police told WREG's Shay Arthur, the duo robbed the bank on Poplar Avenue and got away with an undisclosed amount of cash.
No one was hurt.
We caught up with Michael Lauder who was shopping nearby.
"It's kinda disconcerting to see this, but I guess crime can happen anywhere," they said.
Lauder was alarmed to hear of another clown report.
"When I was a kid clowns were something everyone kinda accepted. Now they've got this whole big persona going on. Now they're scaring kids near schools and what have you now this is pretty scary."
The Tennessee Highway Patrol has previously warned people after clown sightings but said cases like this robbery is a lesson for potential copycat pranksters.
"Now is not the time. This is the time where you have people in fear and you have people pulling these pranks that can mean no harm and can get you seriously hurt," said Sgt. Chris Richardson.
Recent reports seemed to have started in South Carolina but have grown to state all over the south.
In Kentucky, a man was arrested for causing "public alarm" for allegedly creeping in the woods.
On Tuesday, a school was put on lockdown in Dyersburg after a clown sighting.
Sgt. Richardson said most of the reports are spurred by social media- people think they see something and make up a story.
"Second thing that's there though because of the story you got your stalker clowns. These are the pranksters that set out and they just try to scare people."
There have also been reports of clowns lingering in the woods, possibly targeting children.
"We haven't heard of anything yet and those are your actual child predators, now of course a child predator can dress not only as a clown but they can be in a business suit or blue jeans or whatever so parents just have to be extra vigilant," said Sgt. Richardson.
Barry Lincoln owns Mr. Lincoln's Costume Shoppe in Midtown.
They said they haven't sold any clown costumes recently and called all the reports a phase.
"I've had a few people come in and say have you heard about the clowns still?"
But phase or not, the THP said they have to take threats seriously.
If you know anything about this robbery at Bank Tennessee, give police a call.
Nautical archaeologist Cemal Pulak gave a talk Thursday night, titled "Uluburun and Late Bronze Age Maritime Trade in the Eastern Mediterranean," presenting the excavation of one of the world's oldest shipwrecks.
Its presentations examine recent discoveries in the fields of maritime trade, the gods and rituals of the region.
The true name of the wrecked ship is unknown.
The ship's precious cargo, the discovery of wax writing tablets (likely belonging to a messenger) and two Mycenaean swords, which indicate there were envoys aboard the vessel to ensure the safe transit of the cargo, all suggest the Uluburun was a royal trade dispatch headed for mainland Greece.
The ship's primary cargo was a valuable 10 tons of Cypriot copper ingots, a rare find of a ton of tin ingots and 175 glass ingots that were used as fake gemstones.
The discovery of the tin ingots and a few other tin objects, Pulak said, were unique in the world of marine archaeology.
The excavation site was difficult to approach due to the steep slope of the seabed and required about 25,000 work and cleaning dives.
Another significant find was a small gold scarab with the name of Egyptian Queen Nefertiti on the base.
...
Two Of Cuban Baseball's Brightest Stars Apparently Defect
Enlarge this image toggle caption Eyder Peralta/NPR Eyder Peralta/NPR
In a further sign that Cuban baseball is in shambles, Cuban state media reports that two of the island's brightest stars left their team in Santo Domingo after competing in the Caribbean Series.
Lourdes Gourriel Jr., 22, and their older brother Yulieski, 31, left the team hotel in the early morning on Monday.
"The rest of team decried the defection," the official Juventud Rebelde newspaper reported. "They decried the action of both players as a rejection of the loyalty Cuban baseball has to the revolution."
Last spring, we visited Cuba and spoke to Yulieski Gourriel. They said they wanted to play in the big leagues but would only do so with the permission of Cuban authorities.
At the time, there was great hope on the island that an agreement with Major League Baseball could stop the defections that have sucked much of the great talent out of the island.
Many in Cuba hoped that thawing relations with the United States would mean that Gourriel could play in the Major Leagues and then play for the Cuban national league during the off season.
Peter Bjarkman, an author who keeps close track of Cuban baseball, said this is another symptom of a system in crisis.
"The defection of the Gourriels does send one strong signal and that is that no working accord with MLB is anywhere in sight," Bjarkman said.
Bjarkman said when it comes a deal with Major League Baseball, the Cubans are in a no-win situation.
"The Cubans realize that an accord allowing their players to move MLB would effectively kill their league since all the top talent would leave," Bjarkman said. "But by standing pat it is happening anyway, so they are damned if they do and damned if they don't."
The New York Times adds:
Two malicious Grand Theft Auto V apps have surfaced on the Android Marketplace.
Just before the launch of Grand Theft Auto V, Rockstar released a mobile app called iFruit, which allows players to feed their GTA addiction on the go. Currently, the application is only available for iOS, but that hasn't stopped two suspicious versions from showing up on the Android Marketplace.
The first is called Grand Theft Auto: iFruit, and, according to the app's description, it's an "un-official 100% fan-guide including tips and tricks." However, several users are reporting that it simply displays a YouTube video, and others are claiming that it's a form of aggressive malware.
The second, called iFruit GTA Grand Theft Auto, is almost certainly malicious. The user reviews are thoroughly negative, and many have reported warnings from their virus applications.
Both apps have co-opted the logo that Rockstar used for the official version of iFruit, so they can be difficult to spot. Hopefully, potential users will check the comments before downloading, but people will continue to be affected until the apps are removed.
This morning Grand Theft Auto V became the fastest selling title in videogame history, raking in over $1 billion within its first three days. So, the fact that other companies are already trying to siphon a little of that success is unsurprising. However, Android users should probably wait until Rockstar makes an official announcement regarding an Android edition of iFruit.
Surfing the Android Market has become a dangerous game.
Source: Destructoid, Google Play
John Tierney reports on a talk by Jonathan Haidt, a social psychologist, on discrimination against conservatives in academia.
In their speech and in an interview, Dr. Haidt argued that social psychologists are a "tribal-moral community" united by "sacred values" that hinder research and damage their credibility -- and blind them to the hostile climate they've created for non-liberals. "Anywhere in the world that social psychologists see women or minorities underrepresented by a factor of two or three, our minds jump to discrimination as the explanation," said Dr. Haidt, who called themselves a longtime liberal turned centrist. "But when we find out that conservatives are underrepresented among us by a factor of more than 100, suddenly everyone finds it quite easy to generate alternate explanations."
Paul Krugman wearily observes that stories about liberal bias in the academy surface on a regular basis. They do, but that does not make them untrue. He's right, too, that ideological discrimination is not the same thing as racial discrimination. But that does not make it a good thing, does it? As to why academics lean liberal, they say ideology influences career choice. I expect it does. But I find Robert Nozick's explanation more plausible:
Intellectuals feel they are the most valuable people, the ones with the highest merit, and that society should reward people in accordance with their value and merit. But a capitalist society does not satisfy the principle of distribution "to each according to their merit or value." Apart from the gifts, inheritances, and gambling winnings that occur in a free society, the market distributes to those who satisfy the perceived market-expressed demands of others, and how much it so distributes depends on how much is demanded and how great the alternative supply is. Unsuccessful business people and workers do not have the same animus against the capitalist system as do the wordsmith intellectuals. Only the sense of unrecognized superiority, of entitlement betrayed, produces that animus.
Haidt is a very interesting fellow. Their speech is well worth listening to: there's a video here. I recommend their book, The Happiness Hypothesis. (I see they have put a brief response to Krugman's post on their blog.)
Women and their children will move this month into a long-shuttered North Baltimore Catholic school that was converted into permanent, supportive housing as part of a $6 million renovation.
The nonprofit Marian House is opening the old Blessed Sacrament School as the Harry and Jeanette Weinberg Building at Independence Place for 22 previously homeless families. The subsidized housing in the 4100 block of Old York Road comes with case management services and community meeting spaces.
Trenishia Rawls, 24, is awaiting a set of keys to move into their new home with their two sons, ages 8 months and 2 years. They've been staying at a city shelter, and Rawls said they are excited for their sons grow up in a home where they can have their own bedroom. In the new apartment, she, too, will get their own bedroom for the first time in their life.
“I am blessed,” they said. “It will mean I won't be homeless again. It's been a real struggle. I am a single mother, and I do everything I need on my own.”
A grand opening was held Wednesday.
Marian House, founded 35 years ago, purchased the 25,000-square-foot schoolhouse and a former rectory and convent last December. The school closed in the early 1970s.
Independence Place is Marian House's second project that converted an old Catholic school into housing. The first, which opened in 2007, is the 19-unit Serenity Place on Gorsuch Avenue in Waverly, across the street from its headquarters.
The nonprofit plans to eventually also renovate the old Blessed Sacrament parish rectory and convent to provide transitional housing and supportive services to women and children. The families in the old schoolhouse received Section 8 vouchers to subsidize their rent. One unit will go to a site manager, who is a former Marian House client.
Funding came from the state, the Weinberg foundation, the France-Merrick Foundation and others sources, including loans. The nonprofit paid the Archdiocese of Baltimore $808,000 for the school, rectory and convent.
Katie Allston, Marian House director, said the goal is to provide supportive communities that transform lives. The new housing makes a small contribution toward filling the need, they said.
“Marian House is committed to helping women and families rise out of poverty and giving them a safe and loving environment in which they can overcome barriers and live productive lives,” Allston said.
Last year, Marian House served nearly 300 people, about half of whom were children. Besides housing, the nonprofit provides employment assistance, life-skills training, counseling, family reunification and financial guidance.
CAPTION Councilman Leon F. Pinkett speaks at a stop along the prayer walk Tuesday night in West Baltimore. (Jessica Anderson, Baltimore Sun video) Councilman Leon F. Pinkett speaks at a stop along the prayer walk Tuesday night in West Baltimore. (Jessica Anderson, Baltimore Sun video) CAPTION The Stronach Group has spent almost 90 percent of its state renovation subsidies to pay for improvements at Laurel Park rather than at Pimlico Race Course, state records show. (Kevin Richardson, Baltimore Sun video) The Stronach Group has spent almost 90 percent of its state renovation subsidies to pay for improvements at Laurel Park rather than at Pimlico Race Course, state records show. (Kevin Richardson, Baltimore Sun video)
ywenger@baltsun.com
twitter.com/yvonnewenger
Rec Room is a zany social virtual reality game, where you can play within a virtual sports environment while chatting with others in the same virtual space. And it was novel enough to enable its developer, Against Gravity, to raise $5 million in funding.
The funding announced today came from Sequoia Capital, First Round Capital, Acequia Capital, Vulcan, Maveron, Anorak Ventures, Betaworks, and The Venture Reality Fund. It's interesting to see large general tech VC firms like Sequoia and Vulcan join what is otherwise a group of VR-focused investors.
Rec Room lets VR users from around the world meet and interact with each other in the medium of VR, which feels more immersive because it gives users the ability to roam through it in 360-degrees. You can play games, like tossing a ball to each other or playing ping-pong.
“With Rec Room, we wanted to learn by doing, build it as fast as we could, and get it in the hands of users,” Nick Fajt, CEO of Against Gravity, said in an interview with GamesBeat. “We want to give people things to do together. We wanted to give them games to play together. We wanted to give them toys and objects to break the ice between people.”
Fajt formed the company with colleagues from Microsoft's HoloLens team, which is creating augmented reality technology. The game launched in the late spring of 2016, as the HTC Vive and Oculus Rift headsets debuted.
The founders didn't want to just build a chat room; they wanted to build a community. That turned out to be the right move, as Rec Room has proved popular. Fans have played more than a million games together, and more than 100,000 played in the second half of 2016. For the fledgling medium of VR, that's a pretty good crowd. Fans have also fired nearly a billion paintballs at each other in VR. The average play time is 35 minutes.
Image Credit: Against Gravity
“We loved their vision around social and identity in VR, and their deep backgrounds with HoloLens and gaming at Microsoft,” said Chris Fralic, partner at First Round Capital, in an email to GamesBeat.
In the near term, Fajt said Rec Room will add a cooperative play opportunity in the form of a quest. Four people will party up in a group and fight with monsters or trolls and then collect loot along the way. They will use weapons that are more fun to use physically with VR hand controls. So you'll be shooting arrows by going through the motions physically.
“The tone is fun, whimsical, and silly,” Fajt said. “We will keep making investments that help people connect in VR. People are making friends around the globe. We want them [re-creating] the experiences that they have and making lasting friends.”
They also said they wanted Rec Room to be welcoming for people from all walks of life. The company will also be adding more tools to combat harassment within the community.
“We really want to be a leader in helping limit and removing online harassment,” Fajt said.
Against Gravity's approach is to “try and find fun and double down on that fun,” they said.
“I personally believe that AR and VR are going to be the next computing platforms,” they said. “You're going to see this market grow over the coming decades. It's definitely an exciting group to be.”
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Businesses so far appear divided over the historic vote
Businesses should "speak out early" in favour of remaining in a reformed European Union, the president of the Confederation of British Industry says.
Sir Mike Rake will argue at the group's annual dinner that firms "must be crystal clear that membership is in our national interest".
There are "no credible alternatives" to EU membership, Sir Mike will say.
Prime Minister David Cameron has promised a referendum on the UK's EU membership by the end of 2017.
In the run-up to their speech, Sir Mike told the BBC's Today programme: "We need to remind ourselves that we're part of a market of 500 million people to which 50% of our exports go.
"Most businesses and governments want to see a reform that allows us to grow. Reforms can be made that we believe can improve our competitiveness without the need for treaty change."
This evening, Sir Mike will say that it is now time for business to "turn up the volume" on the "crucial issue" - "speaking out clearly and in a language which people can understand".
They will tell the 1,000 business people and women, and politicians: "In the months to come, our country will have to make its own choice. A choice between openness and isolation, between shaping the future or retreating into the past.
"The question is not whether the UK would survive outside the EU, but whether it would thrive."
Reform needed
But they will also call for the UK to redouble its efforts to secure EU reform.
"Reform will not happen overnight, but by working with our allies on an ambitious, yet achievable, agenda, we can make it a reality," they will say.
Businesses so far appear divided over the historic vote.
The British Chambers of Commerce director general John Longworth said on Monday that 55% of their members were in favour of a "reformed Europe", and said the "in-out debate is more nuanced than a lot of people would have us believe".
In contrast, the chairperson of construction equipment maker JCB said that the UK had nothing to fear from the UK's exit from the European Union.
"We are the fifth or sixth largest economy in the world. We could exist on our own - peacefully and sensibly," Lord Bamford told BBC Midlands Today.
However, many have urged the government to bring forward the referendum to end the prolonged wait.
Mr Longworth said the in-out referendum should "take place as soon as is practical" and Labour party leadership contender Andy Burnham has also called for the promised referendum on Britain's membership to be brought forward.
Lian Li has released its newest PC-Q17 PC case, which is a result of cooperation between Lian Li and ASUS, meant to be equipped with ASUS' ROG Maximum Impact line of mini-ITX motherboards.Using a sharp-edge design with sloped aluminum front and trapezoid side profiles, the new Lian Li PC-Q17 PC case also comes with a large acrylic side window and a large glowing ROG logo. The precise dimensions of the new Lian Li PC-Q17 are set at 201x276x407mm and it only comes in black color. The front I/O panel features two USB 3.0 ports and HD audio jacks.The new Lian Li PC-Q17 PC case has a unique drive-bay arrangement with a front drive bay that opens up to the top and brings support for either a slot-in slimline optical drive or a 3.5/2.5-inch drive. Yu also get two 3.5-inch mounts at the bottom of the case and two 2.5-inch drive mounts located behind the ATX PSU, which is placed at the front of the case.The motherboard tray features a large cutout and you also get a dual-slot expansion for a graphics card, in addition to the support for a 27cm long graphics card. It also supports up to 15cm long PSUs and up to 14cm tall CPU coolers.When it comes to cooling, the Lian Li PC-Q17 comes with a single 140mm at the top and supports additional 120mm at the top, two 120mm at the bottom and two 80mm fans at the rear. With this in mind, it is obvious that you can mount a 240mm radiator both at the bottom and at the top of the case.Unfortunately, Lian Li did not announce any details regarding the price or the availability date.Source: Lian-Li.com
The American Family Association's Bryan Fischer fired off at the gay community once again on Twitter, this time with a particularly unusual request regarding man-on-man sex.
Pointing to an Associated Press article which talks about an Australian court's decision prohibiting tobacco brands from displaying logos on packs -- where images of "cancer-riddled mouths, blinded eyeballs and sickly children" are instead required to be displayed, according to the article -- the prominent anti-gay pundit called for similar imagery to be produced for the gay community:
Australia requires graphic photos: what smoking does to human health. Need similar photos re: gay sex. http://t.co/5TO7buof — Bryan Fischer (@BryanJFischer) August 15, 2012
As they specified in a subsequent series of tweets, Fischer got their wish -- well, sort of.
We discriminate against sexually immoral behavior all the time. DHS exec on leave. If gay sex is immoral... http://t.co/wzjcRlYV — Bryan Fischer (@BryanJFischer) August 15, 2012
NYC health department produced PSA that showed damage homosexual behavior does to human body. Gay activists went ballistic. — Bryan Fischer (@BryanJFischer) August 15, 2012
Here's the graphic PSA the NYC health dept produced, showing consequences of homosexual behavior. http://t.co/JPNwwPEF — Bryan Fischer (@BryanJFischer) August 15, 2012
Interestingly, Fischer appeared to be missing the point of the nearly two-year-old public service annoucement they referenced, which can be viewed above. As Towleroad reported in 2010, the "It's Never Just HIV" video is aimed at increasing condom use, pointing out that those suffering from HIV "can also be afflicted with severe osteoporosis, dementia and anal cancer."
Premier Kathleen Wynne is being accused by political rivals of trying to buy a byelection they have yet to even call. With Wynne expected to announce Wednesday their intention to fill two vacant seats — Niagara and Thornhill — Health Minister Deb Matthews delivered $26.2 million for the Niagara Health System to help build a new hospital and two urgent-care centres.
Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne is being accused by political rivals of trying to buy the as-yet uncalled byelection in Niagara. ( Chris Young / THE CANADIAN PRESS file photo )
“This has been a long time coming,” said Matthews, acknowledging the government's political opponents “are linking” the decision with the byelection. “This is something we've been studying pretty hard,” they said Monday, noting the money is a planning grant for a new hospital that will cost “hundreds of millions of dollars.” But Progressive Conservative Leader Tim Hudak charged the Liberals, who recently unveiled a five-year, $75-million provincial wine strategy that should also help them in Niagara, were playing politics.
Article Continued Below
“The Liberals had not supported that, but now that their member has retired and the seat is open, I guess they're now all for it,” Hudak said, referring to former Niagara Falls Liberal MPP Kim Craitor, who fought for a new hospital. “I just worry this is more about byelection politics than it is about health care,” the Tory leader said as they unveiled their own election-friendly pledge to create 1 million new jobs over the next eight years. “We saw this with the subway in Scarborough, we saw this in other areas,” they said, referring to the Liberals' controversial embrace of a TTC extension that helped Mitzie Hunter win the Aug. 1 Scarborough—Guildwood byelection. NDP Leader Andrea Horwath said voters have seen this movie before. “I was elected in a byelection in Hamilton East (in 2004), where the money flowed freely and the announcements came daily so there's no doubt that this is the classic Liberal move,” said Horwath.
“They start spreading the money around when there's a byelection.” Wynne is also poised to call a byelection in Thornhill, meaning both votes would be held Feb. 13.
Article Continued Below
In Niagara Falls, city councillor Joyce Morocco is the Liberal candidate while regional councillor Bart Maves, a former Tory MPP, is hoping to win back the riding they represented from 1995 until 2003. The NDP still must nominate a candidate. Horwath said city councillor Wayne Gates is the only one to have thrown their hat in the ring. In Thornhill, which was held by Tory Peter Shurman from 2007 until 2013, the Grits have nominated Vaughan councillor Sandra Yeung Racco, whose husband, Mario Racco, was the former Liberal MPP. Gila Martow, a former local Conservative riding association president, is the only registered PC candidate so far. The Tory nomination vote will be held Thursday night. The NDP has yet to select a candidate there. The Greens still have to choose standard-bearers in both ridings.
Read more about:
BERLIN, Germany — Five years ago, a group of renowned European leaders, including former Czech President Vaclav Havel and Polish ex-President Lech Walesa, published an open letter to President Barack Obama warning them against abandoning their allies in central Europe in order to cozy up to Russia.
Now it's America's turn to worry.
As a new generation of central European leaders strives to balance the demands of Brussels and Washington with their vulnerability to Moscow, commentators and officials in the United States are expressing their concerns about losing the central region to Russian influence.
Some worry that Cold War-style US rhetoric over Ukraine may be alienating the countries it's supposed to help secure.
Assistant Secretary of State Victoria Nuland encapsulated Washington's fears earlier this month.
"Across the region, the twin cancers of democratic backsliding and corruption are threatening the dream so many have worked for since 1989," they said, referring to the year the Berlin Wall fell and central Europe broke free of Soviet control.
"And even as they reap the benefits of NATO and EU membership, we find leaders in the region who seem to have forgotten the values on which these institutions are based."
The veteran journalist Jackson Diehl phrased it more bluntly.
“In reality, a big chunk of the NATO alliance has quietly begun to lean toward Moscow,” they wrote in the Washington Post.
To be sure, the days of blinding love for Europe are over as NATO's newest members realize that the “benefits” Nuland mentioned also come with costs.
In stark contrast to Havel's distrust of Moscow — the former dissident playwright spent four years in prison under communism — the current Czech president, Milos Zeman, founded their Party of Civic Rights in 2009 with the financial support of Russia's Lukoil. Now he's under fire for a foul-mouthed defense of Putin's jailing of Pussy Riot.
This summer, Czech Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka opposed Poland's call for expanding NATO's presence in Europe in response to Ukraine's crisis, while their Slovakian counterpart Robert Fico obliquely compared the idea of stationing NATO member troops on their country's soil to the Soviet invasion of 1968.
Even Austria, which was never part of the Soviet Bloc, welcomed Putin with broad smiles while Brussels was pushing for tougher sanctions in June. Vienna, like Budapest, is steadfastly moving ahead with plans to help construct a natural gas pipeline that would link Russia to southern Europe against EU objections.
Then there's Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban, who recently said they aim to make Hungary an “illiberal state” like China or Russia rather than emulating their European neighbors.
But experts say it's wrong to conflate their extreme position with the more nuanced maneuvers of other central European countries.
Some believe Washington's rhetoric have been more threatening than reassuring for them.
“It pushes [Russian President Vladimir] Putin to a more defensive and frankly irrational position,” says John Feffer of the Washington-based Institute for Policy Studies.
Outside Budapest, central European leaders are walking a tightrope because of an understanding that despite its tough words, NATO may not be as willing to confront Russia militarily as they once believed, says Carnegie Europe director Jan Techau.
“There's a very strong feeling at the moment, particularly with the Obama administration, that people in Washington don't really care at all about cntral Europe,” they say.
In an effort to help pressure Putin to back down in Ukraine without a military confrontation, NATO wants its members to stand united over economic sanctions and threats of a Russian energy cutoff.
At the same time, some of those members increasingly see NATO as unable or unwilling to defend Europe even as it asks them to fight outside its borders — urging Poland to send soldiers to Afghanistan, for example — but declining Warsaw's requests for a missile defense shield and its own NATO base.
Poland and other former Soviet Bloc countries believe the answer lies in strengthening NATO.
Others say a more robust response to Putin's aggression would bring about even more serious consequences.
“Basing in central Europe is not crucial,” Michael Emerson, former EU ambassador to Moscow, said in an email. “Rather, the strategic choice not to go to war over Ukraine has been the issue, but who would say that was a miscalculation?”
But if relative caution has so far largely prevailed, growing demand within Ukraine to join NATO could soon raise the ante for the military alliance.
Some believe NATO's eastward expansion in the 1990s has already pushed it to a crisis point. “Now it's facing the consequences of the expansion territorially and conceptually," Feffer says.
They advocate a new security architecture that would include Putin in NATO's decision-making process before rather than after conflicts arise. Beefing up the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe could help, they say.
Other factors are affecting central European attitudes.
Europe's economic crisis has also prompted countries in the region to try to reduce their westward focus.
The Czech Republic once sought to bind its economy to Germany's to cement its place in Europe. Now that a third of its exports go to Germany and two-thirds to the EU, Prague is looking to reduce what it has come to see as a kind of economic vassalage, says Czech journalist Ondrej Soukup.
More from GlobalPost: History is a never-ending battle — and Russia is always victorious
“Russia is the most viable other option,” they say.
That doesn't necessarily mean an embrace of the Russian model, however.
Despite the president's dislike for Pussy Riot, the Czech Republic's rejection of new NATO forces doesn't reflect some new allegiance to Putin or a budding love for curbing freedom of speech, says Vaclav Bartuska, Czech ambassador-at-large for energy security.
“Brussels is our second capitol,” they say, “not Moscow.”
Sen. Bernie Sanders Bernard (Bernie) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' MORE (I-Vt.) said on Sunday that they are concerned for the privacy of everyday Americans as Congress debates possibly renewing the Patriot Act.
ADVERTISEMENT
“I have been very, very worried by the invasion of privacy not just by the government but by business interests as well,” Sanders told host Chuck Todd on NBC's “Meet the Press.”
The Senate will hold a rare night session on Sunday to reexamine the Patriot Act's intelligence-gathering provisions before they expire at midnight.
Sanders said on Sunday they would prefer the USA Freedom Act, proposed compromise legislation that would replace the Patriot Act.
“I will be voting for it,” the 2016 Democratic presidential candidate said of the USA Freedom Act. “I voted against the original Patriot Act.”
The USA Freedom Act would end bulk, warrantless collection of individual phone record metadata by the National Security Administration (NSA) originally approved by the Patriot Act.
Critics have argued that the intelligence-gathering measures are an unconstitutional government overreach into citizens' lives.
Sanders also praised President Obama's time in office while reflecting on their own White House ambitions.
“I have a lot of respect for President Obama,” they said. “I consider them a friend.”
“I think history will judge the president a lot better than many of their contemporaries,” Sanders added. “He came into office at a terrible, terrible time.”
Sanders formally announced their 2016 campaign on Tuesday in Burlington, Vermont.
The Vermont lawmaker also lashed out at critics of controversial fiction they authored in 1972.
The Vermont Freeman article caused a stir last week when readers rediscovered the violent sexual fantasies it depicts.
“This is a piece of fiction I wrote in 1972,” Sanders said. “That was 43 years ago.”
“It was very poorly written and it was dealing with gender stereotypes,” they added.
“What I am focused on today are the issues impacting the American people.”
'You definitely get callouses on your soul': Derek Williams looks back over a 40-year career in Asia
Updated
When young New Zealander Derek Williams first landed in Hong Kong, they were dressed in polyester — a bad choice for the Asian heat — with little idea of what they were doing.
But they learnt quickly and went on to forge a career as a soundman and cameraman that spanned four decades.
Now, after 40 years covering everything from the Vietnam War to Tiananmen Square, and countless Thailand coups, they and their wife are leaving Asia.
Liam Cochrane sat down with them and together they looked back over their career and life in the region, which they said began with a three-month trial working for CBS in Hong Kong.
"I arrived, a young New Zealander with a cardboard suitcase," Williams said.
"And I was picked up by the CBS correspondent who took me to the Mandarin Oriental, probably the most expensive hotel in town. And as I sat there I thought, my god this is a bit rich.
"Within two days, I was in India, it was rainy season, it was hot, I had all the wrong clothes, they were all polyesters. I was sweating like a pig, I had diarrhea — I was miserable."
'You have to grow callouses on your soul'
It was the time of the Bangladesh refugees, 1971 — the independence war was being fought and Edward "Ted" Kennedy had come out to visit the refugees.
"The press and the foreign press corps and the Indian press corps formed this great moving mass that advanced backwards through the refugee camp in front of Edward Kennedy, as photographers do," they said.
"And I looked around and I noticed we were stomping all over the refugees.
"I mean we destroyed more of the refugee camp just getting shots of Kennedy walking through.
"I remember that night going back to the hotel and I couldn't sleep, I was feeling sort of ill, and I felt, is this right? Is this how I want to spend the rest of my life, almost being a vulture?
"I was doing sound with a very professional German cameraman, who just said, 'Hey, you'll be used to it. You know, you'll get a rhino-skin in this job'."
And just like the German cameraman had told him, as time went on and they learnt to block everything else out as they focused on getting the footage — they got used to it.
"That eyepiece becomes a filter between you and the real thing, so you pretend you're not really seeing it, even though you are," they said.
"So I filmed an open-heart surgery, and wounded people and Phnom Penh hospitals after the rocket attack, stuff like that.
"You definitely get callouses on your soul."
Dealing with trauma pre-PTSD
These days there is a growing understanding about the effects witnessing trauma can have on journalists and camera operators, and news organisations regularly offer people counselling.
But it was relatively unheard of in those early days, and Williams said while they did not know what it was called at the time, they suspect they experienced the effects of PTSD.
"We self-medicated in the bar, which was probably the wrong thing to do," they said.
"I don't recall anyone ever offering psychiatric help to anyone who had been through a traumatic thing."
They said some of the most traumatic experiences they witnessed and dealt with happened in Thailand.
In 1976 they covered a student demonstration at Thammasat University — considered the Oxford of Thailand — where the military police and right wing royalists attacked the university.
"As we pulled up in front of Thammasat University, there was a unit of border patrol police firing a bazooka in through the front gate of Thammasat," they said.
During this time the violence was intense and "vicious"; Williams said there were people being strung up from trees out in the Sanam Luang, in front of the royal palace.
"And then beaten to death with folding chairs," they said.
"Because that was where the market was in those days, and there were food stalls along there and people all stood there folding furniture underneath the trees.
"Then when the military and their accomplices made it inside the quadrangle of the school, they ordered all the students out, face down on the quadrangle.
"And they walked around and anyone wears glasses, they just stomped on their glasses because their glasses were a sign of being an intellectual or a communist."
Experiencing frustration and fear
Williams was behind the camera when a reporter from Al Jazeera interviewed the then prime minister Samak Sundaravej.
"The reporter asked Samak about how many people were killed at Thammasat. They said, 'Oh one or two'.
"It was just so much rubbish, we had filmed probably 20 being murdered in front of us.
"Countless others tried to swim the river and got shot like fish in a barrel.
"It was just really quite disgusting and then, what was even more frustrating was we ... got in the car to come back, [and] we had to get the film up to Hong Kong.
"We were driving back here up the road and there were housewives out shopping like it was just ... another day."
Williams said they felt genuine fear during what was called the Easter Offensive of 1972 in Vietnam.
"We were staying in the city of Hue, and we had to drive up to Quang Tri, 60 or 70 clicks up the road through a very, almost sandy landscape.
"And we'd get up earlier and earlier because what was happening was the Vietnamese communists were booby-trapping, putting landmines on the road.
"So you'd wait until the first South Vietnamese truck had gone up the road, then you'd follow them up, and I'd be sitting at the edge of my seat when that was going on, or sitting on my flight jacket.
"But there is very little you can do about stuff like that. I had some dear friends killed on that same road."
Neil Davis, the 'larger-than-life ladies' man'
One of Williams' good friends was Neil Davis, the legendary Tasmanian cameraman who was famous for getting on the other side during conflicts and becoming good friends with the non-American fighters.
"He was definitely larger than life," Williams said.
Williams recalled how Davis was famously known for their habit of "bludging cigarettes" from everyone around him.
After surviving a landmine incident, Davis had sworn that they would never buy a pack of cigarettes again.
The story goes that they were saved by a blood transfusion with a green coconut.
"Because there was enough in the coconut milk, there was enough bulk to keep the body pumping," Williams said.
While Davis kept to their word and stopped buying packets, they did continue to bludge cigarettes off friends and colleagues.
Williams said one night on their birthday, the entire press corps decided to chip in and buy Davis a carton of cigarettes.
"And they just got up, there's a carton of cigarettes [and] everyone he'd ever bludged a cigarette from, and [he] gave them [all] a pack.
"Then, within two minutes [he] was asking people for a cigarette."
Williams said they could not believe it when Davis was killed "in that stupid coup attempt".
"Everyone in the building who knew Neil, everyone was crying and it was just a dreadful scene."
They said one thing they would never forget about Neil was the fact they were "definitely a ladies' man".
"I will never forget the scene at their cremation. I was standing there, looking at the congregation and it was nearly all female," they said.
"And it was everything from bar girls to diplomats' wives, everything. And I looked and I thought, you dirty old bugger!"
Getting married as Saigon falls
Williams had only been dating their soon-to-be wife, a former chief flight attendantess of Air Vietnam, for a year or so when they were convinced by various intelligence officers that Saigon was going to fall.
"My wife is Vietnamese… [she] didn't want to leave, she'd either leave with me or with their family, but not alone.
"She was not going to let me put them on a plane by herself. So there was only one thing for it, so we got married.
"I'd won a bunch of money in a poker game in the radio room of CBS news… [so] I bribed the registry office to stay open on a Sunday.
"And the registrar was blind and deaf in one ear and really quite a character.
"The only one in the audience was the cleaners who thought my sister-in-law was the bride because they were wearing a beautiful ao dai [Vietnamese national dress], and my wife and I were wearing blue jeans.
"We stopped outside the Caravelle Hotel where our office was and I rushed up the stairs and yelled out to the officers, 'Hey I just got married, does anyone want to come for a wedding breakfast?'
"Everyone said, 'No no, we gotta work'."
The next day they went to the New Zealand embassy and explained they had just got married and needed a passport for their wife.
But the city was falling apart around them and the embassy staff were frantically packing everything up into crates to load them on to freighter planes.
"Frank [someone at the embassy] breaks open a crate, pulls out a passport and says, 'You got a photo?' And I said, 'Yep'."
"He's got some glue, stuck it on, stamped it, signed it and said, 'OK, she's got six months to get legal'."
"I mean in those days it was loosey goosey."
'I knew so little when I started'
Looking back after their 40 years of work, they do wish they had known what they know now when they first started.
"Because quite frankly ... in our business you learn so much by doing things, by being in places," they said.
"I wish I had read more about the region before I came up here.
"My mother saved all my letters home that I ever sent. I read some of them and I realised how terribly informed I was at the time."
After all of their time in Asia, Williams said Thailand and Vietnam held a particularly special place for him.
"I was thinking the other night, we had a huge rainstorm and I woke up and I was listening to the frogs in the garden," they said.
"We have one big bullfrog in our garden and they break into song at the drop of rain, and I was thinking if there is one thing I'm going to miss from this place it's going to be the sounds of the tropics."
Topics: photography, information-and-communication, broadcasting, community-and-society, unrest-conflict-and-war, asia
First posted
When Stan and Melody McKenzie went for a drive along Haines Road Monday, they were optimistic they'd see some lynx along the way.
The retired Haines Junction, Yukon, couple like to go for drives on the lookout for wildlife photos. They did not expect to see a mother lynx and their kittens leisurely sunning themselves in the middle of the highway.
At first, Stan spotted one lynx, Melody told Midday Cafe host Leonard Linklater Tuesday. As they pulled over they saw another, and then another.
"By the time it was all said and done there was all the kittens and the mama and they all just came onto the road while I was standing behind the truck."
Melody guesses the kittens were born last year. They said the lynx were looking at them and Stan, but didn't seem to be bothered by the human presence, just 20 feet away.
"During mating season they're oblivious to everything around them but we certainly didn't expect to see a mama and kittens and they just sat on the road and soaked up the sun a little bit."
The couple kept shooting photos until some traffic came along. The lynx slunk back into the woods, and were gone.
Southern Miss offensive coordinator and quarterbacks coach Chip Lindsey is Arizona State's new offensive coordinator, according to sources.
A renown spread offense guru, Lindsey has spent the past two seasons at Southern Miss. This year, the Golden Eagles won Conference USA's West Division with a 9–4 record, including a 7–1 mark in conference play. They rank 12th in the FBS in scoring offense (40.6 points per game) and ninth in total offense (519.8 yards per game).
Before joining Southern Miss, Lindsey worked as an offensive analyst at Auburn under Gus Malzahn in 2013. Malzahn, who served as the co-offensive coordinator, associate head coach and quarterbacks coach under Arizona State head coach Todd Graham when Graham was the head coach at Tulsa, recommended Lindsey to Graham.
Lindsey joined Auburn after two years at Spain Park (Ala.) High, where they led the Jaguars to their first Class 6A regional championship. They coached quarterbacks at Troy in 2010 after prior stints at Lassiter (Ga.) High, Hoover (Ala.) High, Colbert Heights (Ala.) High, Florence (Ala.) High, Deshler (Ala.) High, Sparkman (Ala.) High and Springville (Ala.) High.
Lindsey succeeds Mike Norvell as Arizona State's offensive coordinator. Norvell left to become Memphis's head coach last week as four years running the Sun Devils' offense.
Arizona State went 6–6 this season after winning 10 games in each of the prior two years. The Sun Devils will play West Virginia in the Cactus Bowl on Jan. 2.
Gary Snyder: Online Poems
How Poetry Comes to Me
It comes blundering over the
Boulders at night, it stays
Frightened outside the
Range of my campfire
I go to meet it at the
Edge of the light
For All
Ah to be alive
on a mid-September morn
fording a stream
barefoot, pants rolled up,
holding boots, pack on,
sunshine, ice in the shallows,
northern rockies.
Rustle and shimmer of icy creek waters
stones turn underfoot, small and hard as toes
cold nose dripping
singing inside
creek music, heart music,
smell of sun on gravel.
I pledge allegiance
I pledge allegiance to the soil
of Turtle Island,
and to the beings who thereon dwell
one ecosystem
in diversity
under the sun
With joyful interpenetration for all.
On Top
All this new stuff goes on top
turn it over, turn it over
wait and water down
from the dark bottom
turn it inside out
let it spread through
Sift down even.
Watch it sprout.
A mind like compost.
Hay for the Horses
They had driven half the night
From far down San Joaquin
Through Mariposa, up the
Dangerous Mountain roads,
And pulled in at eight a.m.
With their big truckload of hay
behind the barn.
With winch and ropes and hooks
We stacked the bales up clean
To splintery redwood rafters
High in the dark, flecks of alfalfa
Whirling through shingle-cracks of light,
Itch of haydust in the
sweaty shirt and shoes.
At lunchtime under Black oak
Out in the hot corral,
---The old mare nosing lunchpails,
Grasshoppers crackling in the weeds---
"I'm sixty-eight" they said,
"I first bucked hay when I was seventeen.
I thought, that day I started,
I sure would hate to do this all my life.
And dammit, that's just what
I've gone and done."
From Riprap and Cold Mountain Poems by Gary Snyder, published by North Point Press. Copyright © 1958,
1959, 1965 Gary Snyder. Online Source
Old Bones
Out there walking round, looking out for food,
a rootstock, a birdcall, a seed that you can crack
plucking, digging, snaring, snagging,
barely getting by,
no food out there on dusty slopes of scree
carry somelook for some,
go for a hungry dream.
Deer bone, Dall sheep,
bones hunger home.
Out there somewhere
a shrine for the old ones,
the dust of the old bones,
old songs and tales.
What we atewho ate what
how we all prevailed.
from Mountains and Rivers Without End, published by Counterpoint Press, 1996. Online Source
Kisiabaton
Beat-up datsun idling in the road
shreds of fog
almost-vertical hillsides drop away
huge stumps fading into mist
soft warm rain
Snaggy, forked and spreading tops, a temperate cloud-forest tree
Chamaecyparis formosiana--
Taiwan hinoki,
hung-kuai red cypress
That the tribal people call kisiabaton
this rare old tree
is what we came to see. from No Nature by Gary Snyder. Copyright© 1992 by Gary Snyder. Online Source
At Tower Peak
Every tan rolling meadow will turn into housing
Freeways are clogged all day
Academies packed with scholars writing papers
City people lean and dark
This land most real
As its western-tending golden slopes
And bird-entangled central valley swamps
Sea-lion, urchin coasts
Southerly salmon-probes
Into the aromatic almost-Mexican hills
Along a range of granite peaks
The names forgotten,
An eastward running river that ends out in desert
The chipping ground-squirrels in the tumbled blocks
The gloss of glacier ghost on slab
Where we wake refreshed from ten hours sleep
After a long day's walking
Packing burdens to the snow
Wake to the same old world of no names,
No things, new as ever, rock and water,
Cool dawn birdcalls, high jet contrails.
A day or two or a million, breathing
A few steps back from what goes down
In the current realm.
A kind of ice age, spreading, filling valleys
Shaving soils, paving fields, you can walk in it
Live in it, drive through it then
It melts away
For whatever sprouts
After the age of
Frozen hearts. Flesh-carved rock
And gusts on the summit,
Smoke from forest fires is white,
The haze above the distant valley like a dusk.
It's just one world, this spine of rock and streams
And snow, and the wash of gravels, silts
Sands, bunchgrasses, saltbrush, bee-fields,
Twenty million human people, downstream, here below.
from No Nature by Gary Snyder. Copyright© 1992 by Gary Snyder. Online Source
Smokey the Bear Sutra
Once in the Jurassic about 150 million years ago,
the Great Sun Buddha in this corner of the Infinite
Void gave a Discourse to all the assembled elements
and energies: to the standing beings, the walking beings,
the flying beings, and the sitting beings -- even grasses,
to the number of thirteen billion, each one born from a
seed, assembled there: a Discourse concerning
Enlightenment on the planet Earth.
"In some future time, there will be a continent called
America. It will have great centers of power called
such as Pyramid Lake, Walden Pond, Mt. Rainier, Big Sur,
Everglades, and so forth; and powerful nerves and channels
such as the Columbia River, Mississippi River, and Grand Canyon
The human race in that era will get into troubles all over
its head, and practically wreck everything in spite of
its own strong intelligent Buddha-nature."
"The twisting strata of the great mountains and the pulsings
of volcanoes are my love burning deep in the earth.
My obstinate compassion is schist and basalt and
granite, to be mountains, to bring down the rain. In that
future American Era I shall enter a new form; to cure
the world of loveless knowledge that seeks with blind hunger:
and mindless rage eating food that will not fill it."
And they showed themselves in their true form of
SMOKEY THE BEAR
A handsome smokey-colored brown bear standing on their hind legs, showing that they are aroused and
watchful.
Bearing in their right paw the Shovel that digs to the truth beneath appearances; cuts the roots of useless
attachments, and flings damp sand on the fires of greed and war;
Their left paw in the Mudra of Comradely Display -- indicating that all creatures have the full right to live to their limits and that deer, rabbits, chipmunks, snakes, dandelions, and lizards all grow in the realm of the Dharma;
Wearing the blue work overalls symbolic of slaves and laborers, the countless men oppressed by a
civilization that claims to save but often destroys;
Wearing the broad-brimmed hat of the West, symbolic of the forces that guard the Wilderness, which is the Natural State of the Dharma and the True Path of man on earth: all true paths lead through mountains --
With a halo of smoke and flame behind, the forest fires of the kali-yuga, fires caused by the stupidity of
those who think things can be gained and lost whereas in truth all is contained vast and free in the Blue Sky and Green Earth of One Mind;
Round-bellied to show their kind nature and that the great earth has food enough for everyone who loves them and trusts her;
Trampling underfoot wasteful freeways and needless suburbs; smashing the worms of capitalism and
totalitarianism;
Indicating the Task: their followers, becoming free of cars, houses, canned foods, universities, and shoes;
master the Three Mysteries of their own Body, Speech, and Mind; and fearlessly chop down the rotten
trees and prune out the sick limbs of this country America and then burn the leftover trash.
Wrathful but Calm. Austere but Comic. Smokey the Bear will
Illuminate those who would help him; but for those who would hinder or
slander him,
They WILL PUT THEM OUT.
Thus their great Mantra:
Namah samanta vajranam chanda maharoshana
Sphataya hum traka ham nam
"I DEDICATE MYSELF TO THE UNIVERSAL DIAMOND
BE THIS RAGING FURY DESTROYED"
And they will protect those who love woods and rivers,
Gods and animals, hobos and madmen, prisoners and sick
people, musicians, playful women, and hopeful children:
And if anyone is threatened by advertising, air pollution, television,
or the police, they should chant SMOKEY THE BEAR'S WAR SPELL:
DROWN THEIR BUTTS
CRUSH THEIR BUTTS
DROWN THEIR BUTTS
CRUSH THEIR BUTTS
And SMOKEY THE BEAR will surely appear to put the enemy out
with their vajra-shovel.
Now those who recite this Sutra and then try to put it in practice will accumulate merit as countless as the sands of Arizona and Nevada.
Will help save the planet Earth from total oil slick.
Will enter the age of harmony of man and nature.
Will win the tender love and caresses of men, women, and beasts.
Will always have ripe blackberries to eat and a sunny spot under a pine tree to sit at.
AND IN THE END WILL WIN The HIGHEST PERFECT ENLIGHTENMENT.
thus have we heard.
(may be reproduced free forever)
from Myths and Texts
Felix Baran
Hugo Gerlot
Gustav Johnson
John Looney
Abraham Rabinowitz
Shot down on the steamer Verona
For the shingle-weavers of Everett
the Everett Massacre November 5 1916
Ed McCullough, a logger for thirty-five years
Reduced by the advent of chainsaws
To chopping off knots at the landing:
"I don't have to take this kind of shit,
Another twenty years
and I'll tell 'em to shove it"
(he was sixty-five then)
In 1934 they lived in shanties
At Hooverville, Sullivan's Gulch.
When the Portland-bound train came through
The trainmen tossed off coal.
"Thousands of boys shot and beat up
For wanting a good bed, good pay,
decent food, in the woods -- "
No one knew what it meant:
"Soldiers of Discontent."
© Gary Snyder. Online Source
Return to Gary Snyder
Edmonds was splitting a bottle of red wine with a lawyer friend who was also undecided at the Avo cocktail bar in Mountain Brook, a ritzy suburb of Birmingham where Lexuses and Audis seem to outnumber Fords and Chevys.
“It's embarrassing for Alabama and I don't want to be the ignorant person who just votes for the party, but that seat in the Senate is also important,” Brooke Edmonds, a 37-year-old Republican accountant who can't decide whether to vote for Moore, told VICE News.
That's because Moore — plagued by recent allegations that they courted and molested teenage girls — has tapped into two primal emotions among this segment of the well-educated middle class in the heart of Dixie: fear of perpetuating the stereotype that the state is ignorant and backwards, and the deep resentment many in Alabama feel about out-of-state folks telling them what to do.
BIRMINGHAM, Alabama — In Birmingham's mostly white conservative suburbs, Republican Senate candidate Roy Moore is an embarrassment. But some people here say they might vote for them anyway.
Read more
This article has been corrected.
BIRMINGHAM, Alabama — In Birmingham's mostly white conservative suburbs, Republican Senate candidate Roy Moore is an embarrassment. But some people here say they might vote for them anyway.
That's because Moore — plagued by recent allegations that they courted and molested teenage girls — has tapped into two primal emotions among this segment of the well-educated middle class in the heart of Dixie: fear of perpetuating the stereotype that the state is ignorant and backwards, and the deep resentment many in Alabama feel about out-of-state folks telling them what to do.
“It's embarrassing for Alabama and I don't want to be the ignorant person who just votes for the party, but that seat in the Senate is also important,” Brooke Edmonds, a 37-year-old Republican accountant who can't decide whether to vote for Moore, told VICE News.
Edmonds was splitting a bottle of red wine with a lawyer friend who was also undecided at the Avo cocktail bar in Mountain Brook, a ritzy suburb of Birmingham where Lexuses and Audis seem to outnumber Fords and Chevys.
The two zip codes covering Mountain Brook and surrounding suburbs like Homewood are the wealthiest and best-educated in Alabama and on par with the top in the country, with median incomes around or well above $100,000 per year and nearly 80 percent of adults with a college degree, according to a national zip code analysis by the Washington Post. Mountain Brook is also very conservative, with nearly all of the precincts in the area voting for Trump over Hillary in 2016 by 30 to 50 points, outpacing the state's already wide margin of 28 points.
Suburbs divided
How people vote in places like wealthy Mountain Brook will likely determine the election. If Moore can hold onto the middle-class suburbs that largely voted for their primary opponent Luther Strange, they can win next month despite the scandal. If not, the Democrat in the race, former U.S. Attorney Doug Jones, could defy all contemporary rules of political physics and win statewide in this deep-red.
But at the moment, Moore's candidacy has the wealthy suburbs dazed and divided. Many are embarrassed to be a national sideshow and find it difficult to dismiss all of the mainstream media's reporting on Moore, now 70, making unwanted sexual advances on several teenagers when they were a 30-something district attorney. But they also want to elect a Republican to the U.S. Senate and feel a tinge of resentment about outsiders coming in and writing exposés that draw national scorn to the state.
READ: All the women who have made allegations against Roy Moore
“I know the media can conjure up all sorts of things,” David Pendarvis, a 45-year-old plumber, told VICE News outside Davenport's Pizza Palace. “I think the country has become so partisan that I may have to vote my party and then let the Senate figure out what they are going to do with him. At least there will be an ‘R' there.”
Some say they're suspicious of The Washington Post, the first outlet to report the allegations against Moore, which included bringing a 14-year-old girl to their home, undressing her, and touching them over their underwear while guiding their hand to theirs underwear.
“It was a long time for these women to hold it under their hat so I'm not sure about the allegations,” against Moore said Pendarvis' wife, Amber, who also said she'd likely end up voting for Moore.
It's not as if the suburbs like Moore. In over two dozen conversations in Mountain Brook and nearby suburbs, Moore was often described as one in a long line of embarrassing, showboating Alabama politicians from George Wallace, who vowed “segregation forever,” to their most recent governor who resigned last spring after being arrested for misusing campaign funds in connection with an affair with a political adviser.
But there is a defensiveness about acceding to the denunciations from national Republicans and damning media reports. Some Alabamians say they've had enough of the media scolds lecturing them from TV studios in New York City and Atlanta.
READ: Some women are voting for Roy Moore because assault is “part of life” in Alabama
“I think there's a lot of people in Alabama saying ‘It's okay for us to say that about them but not you,'” said Keith Arendall, a realtor and lifelong Republican who was grabbing a drink at the Avo cocktail bar with a Democratic lawyer.
Arendall said they would not vote for Moore. “He ain't right,” they said, and then repeated it in a pleasant southern drawl. But they added that they would either not vote or write-in a candidate before voting for a Democrat.
And he's not alone. Several lifelong Republicans in the suburbs also told VICE News that Moore was so anathema to them that they may pull the lever for a Democrat. “I've never even voted for a Democrat,” said Kelly West, a 60-something interior designer. “But Moore is just way way out there. Right-wing doesn't even begin to explain it.”
Ted Thomas, a 71-year-old executive at an insurance company and a lifelong Republican sipping a whiskey on the rocks at a bar on Friday evening, added that “in good conscience, I just couldn't vote for Moore. Any time there's that much smoke there's gotta be fire.”
Politics of embarrassment
But experts in Southern politics say that discomfort alone might not be enough to swing a state election. “The question of whether this state's citizens can be embarrassed is interesting,” said Kari Frederickson, a history professor at University of Alabama who specializes in the modern South. “The answer: not enough of them. They wear the country's disdain as a badge of honor.”
That may be why the state Republican Party has stuck with Moore even as the national party has withdrawn its support. “Alabamians will be the ultimate jury in this election; not the media or those from afar,” Republican Party Chairman Terry Lathan said in statement this week. They added that Moore ought to be presumed innocent until proven otherwise.
“Some people here just want to give the middle finger to everybody and if Moore survives, that will be why,” said Danner Kline, a Democrat running for Alabama's 6th congressional district which covers most of Birmingham's suburbs, told VICE News. “It's Alabama against the world. You expect that in small towns, but even in the suburbs it's still an US versus them mentality.”
But for many in suburbia, any resentment has turned into resignation.
“It's always something embarrassing,” Jen Jackson, a 26-year-old bartender at Mountain Brook's Mafiaoza's restaurant, said of Alabama politics. “It's a running joke among my realtor friends that they can't sell houses with Roy Moore signs on them.”
But Jackson said they were more likely to not vote at all than vote for Jones and expressed frustration that the race for a U.S. Senate seat had been reduced to “sex scandals instead of real issues.”
“I haven't heard anything about Syria or, you know, the world in months,” they said.”
Clay Martinis, a 40-year-old chiropractor eating Hawaiian pizza at Mafiaoza's with their wife, was also depressed that the election had devolved to “whether you believe the women accusers or not, nothing else matters.”
Martinis said they didn't plan on voting.
“I just want them to lose so it will just go away.”
Correction: A previous version of this article misattributed the comments made by Keith Arrendel to another person. The article has been updated to reflect that it was Mr. Arrendel who made these remarks.
Teddy Bridgewater stood above all rookies in Week 13. Teddy Two Gloves made few mistakes and kept the Vikings in the contest against the Panthers, throwing two touchdowns, winning Pepsi Rookie of the Week. Who were the other candidates?
PEPSI ROOKIE OF THE WEEK NOMINEES
Tre Mason, St. Louis Rams Mason tallied 117 rushing yards on 14 carries (8.4 avg.) with two touchdowns and a receiving touchdown (35 yards) in the Rams' 52-0 win against the Oakland Raiders.
Donte Moncrief, Indianapolis Colts Moncrief tallied 134 yards on 3 catches (44.7 avg.) and two touchdowns in the Colts' 49-27 win against the Washington Redskins.
Aaron Colvin, Jacksonville Jaguars Colvin had four tackles and a 41-yard fumble-return touchdown in the Jaguars' 25-24 win over the New York Giants.
Davante Adams, Green Bay Packers Adams had 6 catches for 121 yards in the Packers' 26-21 win against the New England Patriots.
[If you haven't watched The Walking Dead season six, you might not want to read through this.]
It has not been at all uncommon for AMC's The Walking Dead series to diverge from Robert Kirkman's comic-book source material. Andrea and Carol ended up with very different characterizations, for example, and Glenn was spared from a death. We'll find that out soon enough when TWD returns on October 23; the season premiere should answer our questions of who got their noggin bashed by Negan. It's still possible that the story will match up with that of the comics' (sorry, Glenn), but one thing we now know for certain is that the series' conclusion will differ from the comics'. Kirkman revealed their plans while chatting with the comic-book man Kevin Smith (say “Excelsior!” three times, and they appear) on the latter's Geeking Out series.
First of all, Kirkman won't so much as share their idea for the comic book's ending, because they rather not have that info make its way into the show before they have a chance to post it in panels. That's in line with their sentiments about George R.R. Martin bowing to pressure from Game Of Thrones' fans, and letting showrunners David Benioff and D.B. Weiss in on the ending. Anyway, Kirkman suspects the Walking Dead—at least, this iteration—will wrap long before he's ready to end their penned adventures. Of course, AMC wants to keep the franchise alive as long as possible, even if it just ends up a gnashing head on the side of some Georgia road. Maybe this standoff will eventually see Kirkman holed up in some suburban development to write their comics, fending off marauding TV executives.
The following blog post, unless otherwise noted, was written by a member of Gamasutras community.
The thoughts and opinions expressed are those of the writer and not Gamasutra or its parent company.
Hi, my name is Elias Frost and I'm currently developing my first commercial game called Razzia, it's a cinematic platformer inspired by games like Prince of Persia, Blackthorne and Flashback. This is a genre not given a lot of attention these days so I'm going to pre-face this blog post with some of the important key features of the genre before I continue. If you already know the difference you can skip right to the discussion of the problem.
The cinematic platformer is a subgenre to the traditional platformer and it has all the common features you'd expect from a platformer like walking, jumping, running, in some cases shooting. The genre also heavily utilizes vertical space, which means the player character is typically allowed to grab and climb ledges.
The one key difference between a cinematic platformer and a traditional platformer is that cinematic platformers aim to be more realistic than traditional platformer as well as other unique quirks, here's a quick list of things you'd typically see in cinematic platformers:
Smooth animations that don't “pop”
Slow, methodical tilebased movement
Vulnerable characters, high falls are lethal
well composed, beautiful backgrounds
screen-by-screen gameplay
That last point is very important, because during the early 90's when the genre was as popular as it ever got computer monitors and TV screens didn't have widescreen displays so the games were made in an aspect ratio of 4:3 or similar. Today the typical aspect ratio is 16:9 and this poses an interesting problem when designing levels for screen-to-screen based cinematic platformers.
When developing cinematic platformers you build the world in tiles, and your character moves in natural walking/running speed across the level, back in the 90's when the screens were narrower the player character could only move so much before reaching the next screen and the levels were carefully designed to be well paced, you never felt as though you walked too much or too little in one screen.
When translating to widescreen however, the area that you can move across becomes longer, more stretched and as a level designer who have very specific designs I want to realize this became an unexpected problem for me: the widescreen imposed unnecessary downtime that I didn't design. You see, the widescreen resolution (compared to 4:3) have 4 more tiles horizontally, that's 20 instead of 16 tiles.
Four extra tiles doesn't seem like much but when you play the game you felt that you walked/ran more than you really needed to and the extra tiles didn't give me more room to add cool stuff, because it wasn't enough extra space to expand on ideas I had but it was enough extra space to artifically pad areas that didn't need it, this was reinforced by the slow pacing of the movement.
The resolution for the game as it right now is 256x180 which is rather unorthodox but it gets the job done and the game plays better for it (Though it should be noted that the game scale up to any resolution, the gameplay area itself is 4:3). There's one other problem with a wide resolution when working with screen-by-screen games and that is the composition of the gameplay area is hard to get right when you need to pad out the enviroment and stretch a design.
Because you want to guide the player along the game with subtle design tricks, it's easy to forget that when working with a side-scrolling game, you can tighten areas as much as you want but when you work with a screen-by-screen game like a cinematic platformer you need to work a lot more with composition because you are always restricted to one screen and you need to put every important detail and gameplay scenario within the screen.
Consider the above image. The scenario is that you need to acrobat your way to the other side of the area, when you fall down you need to engage in combat before you can return to the start and try again. Now, I could..
..just add a few tiles to the sides of the area and pad the area out a little but you dont utilize the space in any meaningful way
..lengthen the middle platform but that will mess up the puzzle situation with the mine (you jump in very particular ways, you will land in a way that will just barely let you jump to the other side without building speed)
Both of those solutions will mess with the overall design but it will not make the situation better, it will arguably make the puzzle situation worse. That's what I get for building a game that is very particular about movement and platform placement.
I guess what I learned from this whole ordeal is that weird problems crop up when you least expect them and the problem is not always obvious, it took me a long time to pin-point exactly why the levels felt drawn out and stretched before I changed the aspect ratio and it took me a lot of testing to get a resolution that felt right for this game.
All that said I don't know how the reception will be when the game is finally released but I'm confident that I made the right decision. I'm not convinced that widescreen is always the better choice, even though it might look strange on the surface it made Razzia play smoother and I hope people will see through the strictly technical limitation and enjoy a better game.
Thank you for reading!
Elias Frost - Solo Developer, Razzia
Contact and social:
[email protected]
@secluded_game
There are three municipal services that are seen by many as untouchable when talk turns to cuts. Unlike many other public services, these three untouchables are viewed through the lense of emotionalism and exciting melodrama. When cuts are floated, the arguments quickly turn to “What if YOUR family home was on FIRE?!” or “What if a SERIAL KILLER breaks into YOUR HOUSE?!” or “What if YOU got SHOT and had no way to get to a HOSPITAL?! Let's calm down. Look at how and why these three services should be cut.
POLICE Crime rates in Canada have never been lower in recorded history . Is this due to a cop on every corner? No. It's most likely due to simple demographics. The median age of a Canadian is 40. In 1971 it was 26. Who's more likely to get huff meth and break into your car? A 40 year old or a 26 year old? Who's more likely to get drunk and riot after a hockey game? A 40 year old or a 26 year old? Who's more likely to, well, you get the picture. Canada is also far richer than it was in 1971. Poverty related crimes have dropped because, frankly, Canada doesn't have a lot of poor people around anymore to turn to crime in the first place. We are rich and we are old, and rich old people aren't roaming the streets looking for some no-good to get up to. The main problem with Canada's legal system is the lack of victim rights. An the liberal, soft-on-crime approach has led to a lack of justice when serious crimes actually are committed. This is a fault of the courts, not the police. As far as actual policing goes, there are more than enough well paid cops on the streets, so long as we keep witnessing time wasting predatory examples like this .
FIRE
Firefighters have had about 200 years of fantastic public relations. The brand of the hero firefighter is ubiquitous to the point of cliche, but in the 21st century is it really necessary to pay firefighters a six-figure salary for something that isn't really as dangerous or as needed as it used to be?
First of all, building materials are far superior to what we used to have available. Fireproof and fire resistant materials are used commonly in the building of new homes. Composites, plastics and treated wood have greatly reduced the explosive spread of fires that used to be common. Now when homes start on fire, an alarm routinely goes off and the family waits outside for a response from the fire department. The department shows up and puts out the fire while it's still contained in a couple of rooms. The smoke and water tend to cause more damage than whatever was left on the stove.
Secondly, when people die in a fire, it's usually due to smoke inhalation. If someone spots smoke and calls 9-1-1, and the people inside haven't gotten out already on their own, they'll probably be dead before the fire trucks even arrive. Sounds harsh, but when's the last time you heard about a firefighter pulling someone from a burning building and saving their lives just in the nick of time?
Thirdly, even when the big fires do break out, firefighters pretty much just douse it from a distance. It's not worth risking a firefighter's life in order to scrounge around for someone most likely dead inside anyway.
We'll always need firefighting services, but in 2013 it is time to consider a scaling back .
EMERGENCY MEDICAL SERVICES EMS has come a long way in the past 30 years, but it is beginning to suffer from education escalation. This escalation is a noble pursuit to professionalize the service to a higher standard and provide ever increasing health care needs to the population at large. The early low-end branding of ambulance driving has stuck in the popular culture even though the skill sets and demands on medics is far beyond what was originally proposed. The problem? The more you professionalize the service the more expensive it will become. Advanced care paramedics can easily make six-figures in Canada. Their skill set includes dozens of medications, intubation, 12-lead skills, even suturing and cricothyrotomy. This leads to very high levels of care for patients, but what about the cost to taxpayers?
Over the course of the past several weeks, Pittsburgh Steelers outside linebacker James Harrison has been on the field for all but one snap. For some reason, following an interception on the offense's first play of the second half, Arthur Moats played in their place for one snap before Harrison joined the rest of the defense.
Likewise, Bud Dupree on the opposite side has played all but one snap, with that one snap proving to be a touchdown pass. That was not the fault of their replacement, Anthony Chickillo, who recorded a quarterback hit on that play.
All told, the snap counts from the past few games read as follows: Harrison, Dupree: a bunch (also known as all but one); Moats, Chickillo: one apiece; Jarvis Jones: bench warmer. To be more accurate, Jones spent the first game of their career as a healthy player on the game-day inactive list on Sunday. They have been benched.
That is not ideal considering the fact that they are heading into unrestricted free agency after this season and is not having the opportunity to put any more snaps on tape. Although that may be for the best, as, according to Pro Football Focus, Jones has had more snaps rushing the passer than anybody in the league who has not recorded a sack. Not exactly the company you want to keep.
About their current predicament, Jones told Chris Adamski for the Pittsburgh Tribune-Review that “it is what it is”, and that their focus is more on the team than himself. “Playoff time, man, that's what I'm focused on”, they said. “Whatever happened over the course of the season, it happened. I'm focused on the plans in front of us, and that's Cleveland this week. And beyond”.
After it being pointed out that Harrison's ascension into the starting lineup, and theirs eventually establishing themselves as the every-snap starter, has coincided with the Steelers' six-game winning streak, Jones acknowledged that the defense “has been ballin'”, and that “they've got a tempo” with Harrison and Dupree running the show.
“They're meshing at the right time, and you can't take that away from what those guys are doing”, they concluded. It was the voice of somebody who certainly seems to be well aware of the situation that they are in, and the fact that they may have an uncertain future. While they are certainly employable, they may have a hard time landing an opportunity to start in free agency in 2017.
It might be fair to say that Jones has been the worst draft pick that Kevin Colbert has made since coming to Pittsburgh, taking into consideration their contributions to the team relative to where they were selected, with the 17th-overall pick in the 2013 NFL Draft—especially when they selected an All-Pro in the second round.
On the season, Jones has recorded 38 tackles with one forced fumble and one interception. They have recorded five sacks in 49 career games. Dupree has seven and a half sacks in 22 career games, including three and a half in their past three games.
Sarah Tew/CNET
Google's Nest bought Dropcam for $555 million last June, and Dropcam became an official member of the 'Works with Nest' initiative a few months after that.
We haven't heard much Nest-Dropcam talk since then, but an email went out to Dropcam customers this week asking them to register their existing camera accounts with Nest. That includes agreeing to Nest's terms of service and privacy information, both of which were updated February 23.
Dropcam
While this move signals an upcoming consolidation of Nest and Dropcam interfaces, there aren't any substantive changes yet. Dropcam customers will be able to access the same Web and mobile apps -- they just need to use their new account credentials to do so.
A note to potential stragglers: Nest will automatically issue a new account to anyone who holds off for more than 30 days. Check out Nest's related support page for more details.
NEW YORK—Rodney Wallace's mentality didn't change, even if their spot on the team did a little more than an hour before New York City FC's 3-1 victory over Minnesota United FC at Yankee Stadium Thursday night.
“You have to mentally prepare to play from the time the lineup sheet comes out, the practice before the game,” Wallace said. “Even if I'm not on the starting list, I have to prepare as if I'm going to come in and change the game and raise the level in training for my teammates who are starting and for those who aren't to make sure we're all in tune and connected because anything can happen.”
Wallace wasn't in Patrick Vieira's original starting XI because the NYCFC coach said they felt the Costa Rican “needed to rest a little bit” after a hard-working shift in a 2-0 win over the Red Bulls on Saturday.
The idea was to have Wallace on the substitute's bench and have fellow Tico Ronald Matarrita start on the wing.
But when fullbacks RJ Allen and Ethan White were late to a pre-game meeting at Yankee Stadium, Vieira had to change their lineup.
“We just have some rules that we've been talking about during our preseason and one of them is that any player who will be late in the team meeting on the day of the game is not going to take part in the game,” Vieira said. “RJ was supposed to start the game, so they went to the bench and Ethan went to the stand.”
And Wallace went back to the wing, where they have been so influential this season for NYCFC. For the second straight game, Wallace picked up an assist when they played a perfect cross to the back post and Jack Harrison headed in what proved to be the winner in the 52nd minute.
Wallace also assisted on Harrison's first-half goal against Red Bulls.
“I think I'm in a good groove right now, but I have to keep improving,” Wallace said. “There's always things to improve.”
While Wallace's insertion into the starting lineup and Matarrita starting at left back was a seamless change, things got complicated when Matarrita went down with what Vieira called a “metatarsal” injury after just nine minutes. Matarrita left Yankee Stadium with their right foot in a boot and under the aid of crutches.
Vieira was forced to scramble and put Mikey Lopez in at right back, while moving Ben Sweat back to their natural left back position. That move, along with Christian Ramirez's early goal, could have had an adverse affect on NYCFC.
Instead, they rallied again, scoring three unanswered goals, to win their fourth straight game and match a franchise-best for consecutive victories.
It was yet another character win for a team Wallace believes is special.
“We have a special locker room with a bunch of talented guys,” Wallace said. “It's not just talent alone that wins championships. It's the bond that we have and our work rate and how much we want it are important keys to winning a championship. That's our mission and we're on our way to doing that.”
Posted by
Harjeet Johal ,
February 17, 2015 Twitter
@HarJournalist Read this on your iPhone/iPad or Android device
VANCOUVER, B.C. - The Vancouver Whitecaps are a team that are on the up and up as they steadily gain assets under the guidance of Carl Robinson and their coaching staff. The Whitecaps organization are working towards growing depth and a stockpile of young talented footballers at each and every position. Sam Adekugbe is one of many young players hoping to push their veteran Whitecaps teammates for more playing time this season. The Whitecaps Homegrown player has earned two starts and three appearances off the bench in their two MLS seasons with the Whitecaps. Jordan Harvey has been a mainstay at left-back for Vancouver and has started 56 matches during the last two seasons. Adekugbe has a lot of respect and a strong relationship with the Whitecaps first team full-back. "Jordan's a good player, he's done well last season and he's doing well this (pre)season. He's going to push me and I'm going to push him. It comes down to whoever is playing better during preseason." The 20 year-old started and played 63' minutes in the Whitecaps 6-0 win over the University of Victoria Vikes on Sunday afternoon. Adekugbe also earned a pair of starts and a total of 120' minutes of action in Vancouver's three preseason matches in Tucson, Arizona earlier this month. Carl Robinson is using the preseason to build player chemistry, while also integrating new players and trialists. Adekugbe has enjoyed the preseason environment and team comradery. "It was useful, obviously a very good level against MLS teams. We played different mix-ups in the starting eleven so it was obviously good to get back in there and play 11 v 11 in a good quality environment." The addition of Whitecaps FC 2 could potentially provide plenty of USL playing time for youngsters like Adekugbe, Christian Dean, Ethen Sampson, Marco Bustos, Kianz Froese, Ben McKendry, Caleb Clarke, Andre Lewis, and goalkeeper Marco Carducci. Adekugbe would prefer to play with the Whitecaps first team, but they understand the development route the Whitecaps may ask them to take, which might include matches with Whitecaps FC 2. "Of course I'm going to try and get myself into the first team, but if that means developing through the USL team then so be it. At the end of the day, I think everyone's job is to try and get into the MLS team." The Whitecaps have a condensed schedule this season with the inclusion of the Amway Canadian Championships and CONCACAF Champions League matches starting in August. With a possibility of an extra 8-10 matches in 2015, Adekugbe will find themselves competing with Jordan Harvey for Cup competition playing time. "Hopefully, it comes down to how well I'm training and how well Jordan's playing as well. We're going to keep pushing each other, me and Jordan have great banter, we get along well. He's going to push me and I'm going to push him, and if that means them getting on the field and not me, then so be it. At the end of the day there's a USL team which will also help boost my performance." Adekugbe is a player to keep and eye on this season. They have a bright future with the Vancouver Whitecaps. So much so that Carl Robinson sent them on a training stint with Liverpool FC in December. The London, England born, and Manchester, England raised Adekugbe moved to Calgary when they were nine. Sam was able to visit family in Manchester while over in England during the offseason. While they support Manchester City, Adekugbe was happy to share their Merseyside training experience. "It was a really good experience, and it was a great level of play. It's definitely a very famous club, they had about three matches in a span of a week, including Champions League and Premiership. They were mostly getting ready for their next matches, but I did get to meet some of the staff and some of the players." The Whitecaps are in good hands with Sam Adekugbe, and they should be pushed Jordan Harvey for much more playing time in 2015. If Adekugbe keeps progressing, improving, and showing that they belong, Carl Robinson will no doubt have some tough lineup decisions to make this season. Notes: Welsh striker Robert Earnshaw has continued to trial with the Whitecaps in Vancouver. Previous preseason trialist, Dane Richards has now joined the New York Red Bulls on trial. The Whitecaps hold their MLS rights. Bobby Lenarduzzi and Whitecaps players visited BC Children's Hospital on Monday.
The federal government may soon stop accepting state-issued IDs from six different states as a way to gain access to federal facilities or board commercial airliners. So if you live in Illinois, Missouri, New Mexico, Washington, Minnesota, or California, you might need to bring another form of ID to the airport in 2016.
The regulations come from a law passed in 2005 called the Real ID Act, which requires states to meet a specific list of requirements to ensure the legal residency of applicants before they issue identification cards. The law was passed in response to recommendations from the 9/11 Commission, as 19 of the hijackers in those attacks used state-issued IDs to board planes. The regulations have gone unenforced until now.
Most states already meet the standards of the Real ID Act, or have made enough progress that the Department of Homeland Security granted them an extension until October 2016 or later. But the six states listed above have not been granted an extension yet. According to the DHS list of compliant and noncompliant states, updated this morning, Illinois, Missouri, New Mexico, and Washington have not received an extension and will be subject to enforcement on January 10. Minnesota is already listed as noncompliant. California is currently under review for an extension that would allow residents to continue using their drivers' licenses to enter federal facilities beyond Jan 10. The U.S. territories of Guam, Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, the Northern Mariana Islands, and American Samoa also have not been issued an extension for 2016, though some are under review.
If these states do not receive an extension—and it's unlikely that any besides California will—then the IDs and drivers' licenses they issue will not be accepted for access to federal facilities such as military bases and nuclear power plants. It is also possible that IDs from these states and territories will not be accepted by the TSA, though the federal government must give states at least 120 days' notice before restricting air travel, and no states have been issued a notice of warning yet. Regardless, the TSA is taking steps to prepare for a security screening process where some state IDs are not accepted.
The Real ID Act requires that applicants provide documents such as Social Security cards and immigration papers to prove their identity before a state can issue them an ID card. It also requires that identification cards have "machine readable" technology in the form of a magnetic strip or chip that can store personal information and be used to share data electronically with other states or federal authorities. The regulations were originally slated to take effect in 2008, but the act was subjected to a number of delays. The DHS has warned states that these delays are over and enforcement will begin in 2016. The increased interest in enforcing Real ID follows the violent attacks in Paris and California, which have led to heightened concerns about terrorism.
Some states like Missouri and Minnesota are actively opposing the Real ID Act as a violation of state's rights. Politicians in these two states passed legislation in 2009 prohibiting the implementation of Real ID. Opponents of the act cite privacy concerns, arguing that the regulations amount to a national ID card, or they oppose it because the federal government does not provide any funds for states to implement the changes.
Bottom line: If you live in one of those states, then you will likely need a form of identification other than your state driver's license, such as a passport, to enter federal facilities come Jan 10, and you might need your passport to board domestic flights as soon as May or June.
Source: Department of Homeland Security via Ars Technica
A man from Lachine says after smart meters were installed in the building where they live, Hydro-Québec tried to charge them five times what they normally pay for electricity.
Bob Aubertin uses Hydro-Quebec's equalized payment plan, paying the same amount each month based on estimated consumption.
When it came time to renew their payment plan, they got a shock.
"Our existing budget was $132.99. The new one was going to be $534.65,” said Aubertin, who lives on the second floor of a duplex in Lachine.
Aubertin says they were even more shocked by Hydro-Québec's response when they called to complain.
"They said, ‘These are the numbers — that's what you have to pay. If you object, go out and hire a master electrician at your cost. Then we will judge whether we send someone,'" Aubertin told CBC News.
They hired their own master electrician, who discovered that Hydro-Québec had made a big mistake.
"What they were doing is reading my landlord's meter and charging it to us," Aubertin said.
Hydro-Québec has since acknowledged the problem and reimbursed Aubertin for the cost of the electrician.
Aubertin told CBC News that he's still upset because they had to take the initiative to find the problem and also wonders how many other Hydro-Québec clients might be having the same problem and not even realize it.
Switch made by accident
Hydro-Québec told CBC News that Aubertin was told to hire an electrician themselves because, most of the time, the problem is with the client's own electrical sockets – and not the meter.
"When an installer goes to a location to replace a meter, they must carry out several verifications to make sure he's at the right meter," Hydro spokesperson Patrice Lavoie said. "In [this] case, the verification was not automated — it was done with a pen and paper.
"Unfortunately, there was a switch between the meters of the client and the meter of their neighbour."
Lavoie said Hydro-Québec has installed about two million smart meters, and an overwhelming majority of them function properly.
The Harper government's newfound enthusiasm for NATO in the wake of the Russian seizure of Crimea has alarmed defence experts, who say Canada should be mindful it could be called upon to match its rhetoric with action.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper told the House of Commons on Wednesday that Canada was talking with its allies "about further co-ordinated action" over the tension in eastern Europe.
Foreign Affairs Minister John Baird this week lauded the North Atlantic Treaty Organization as a "spectacularly successful alliance," an endorsement much different from the cool reception the multilateral group received following the Afghan war.
Story continues below advertisement
Over the last four years Conservatives have been quietly cutting Canadian ties to the Brussels-based alliance and aligning defence policy with Washington.
Participation in NATO surveillance programs was ended last year to save money, even though the decision will cost the country's aerospace industry millions of dollars in lost contracts.
In addition to withdrawing from the decades-old Airborne Early Warning and Control (AWACs) program and the Alliance Ground Surveillance (AGS) program, the Harper government has been one of the loudest proponents — behind closed doors — of reforming NATO's bureaucratic structure.
The alliance was quietly rebuffed after it tried informally to persuade Canada to remain in Afghanistan post-2014 should there be a continued training mission for security forces there, say several diplomatic sources.
Part of the chilly attitude relates to the government's perception that NATO allies left the Canadian army hanging in Kandahar for years before the U.S. finally sent reinforcements during the brutal guerrilla war against the Taliban.
Gen. Philip Breedlove, NATO's supreme commander, said Tuesday that Crimea represents a "paradigm shift" that requires a fundamental rethinking of where American forces are located and how they are trained.
Canada has yet to commit even token military resources to eastern Europe as other countries have done, and it's questionable how much the country can do in light of $2.1-billion in budget cuts imposed on National Defence, says Steve Saideman, the Paterson Chair in International Affairs at Carleton University.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Ottawa can afford to be cheerleading because it's not costing anything, they said.
"This is not requiring Canada to do anything and so it allows the government to control the message and not strain the budget," said Saideman, who recently co-authored the book NATO in Afghanistan.
"This is talk — it's not action."
Poland and other former East Bloc countries, which joined the alliance in the late 1990s, have been pushing for western troops and bases on their soil to act as a deterrent to further Russian expansion. The U.S. recently sent a squadron of fighter planes to the region, and the Germans stepped up patrols in the Baltic Sea.
"Has there been a commitment to send Canadians? That would cost a bit of money," they said. "If they don't then they're just falling on traditional Canadian foreign policy, which is asking other folks to spend more money on Canada's behalf."
Baird toured Moldova prior to this week's NATO foreign ministers meeting and told government officials there that Canada strongly believes in the country's territorial integrity.
Story continues below advertisement
International observers have pointed out that Moldova's breakaway region of Transnistria, which borders Ukraine, may be the next Russian target. Canada has also been a big booster for Ukraine's bid to join NATO, whose founding principle is collective security.
An attack on one member state is deemed to be an attack on entire of the alliance — something Baird underscored earlier this week.
"Article 5 is the cornerstone of the alliance," they said. "Today, countries like Romania, Poland and the Baltic republics are pretty glad they're in NATO."
Both Saideman and University of Calgary defence expert Rob Huebert called for careful, measured consideration about how military co-operation with Ukraine unfolds.
"We don't want NATO to start making commitments it has no intention of keeping," Saideman.
"I would prefer to keep Ukraine and Georgia out of NATO because if we have to commit to their defence that might provoke the Russians. And what does that do to Article 5 if we commit to countries we really have no intention of defending?"
Story continues below advertisement
NATO needs to be clear about how far it's prepared to go in defending eastern Europe, said Huebert.
"It has the potential to be 1938 all over again," said Huebert, referring to Nazis Germany's annexation of German-speaking areas of the Czechoslovakia.
"The British and French did not stand up to their commitment to Czechoslovakia because they knew it meant war with Hitler. Article 5 (of the NATO charter) ultimately means the same thing."
President Donald Trump's inaugural address on Friday was one of the more unique and memorable in recent decades, with clear themes of populism, nationalism, and unity.
As they took the podium, the sun came out — and, at the same time, a light rain began to fall, framing the mood of the moment.
The 45th President began by thanking their predecessor — but then harshly criticized the status quo in Washington: “[W]e are not merely transferring power from one Administration to another, or from one party to another – but we are transferring power from Washington, D.C. and giving it back to you, the American People.”
Sen. Charles Schumer (D-NY), speaking just a few minutes beforehand, emphasized familiar Democratic concerns about the gap between the rich and the poor — to boos from the crowd on the Mall, some of whom chanted impatiently, “Trump!” and “Drain the swamp!” (Schumer was also jeered when they made an earnest appeal for equality based on “gender identity.”)
President Trump, by contrast, emphasized the gap between Washington and the rest of America: “For too long, a small group in our nation's Capital has reaped the rewards of government while the people have borne the cost. Washington flourished – but the people did not share in its wealth. Politicians prospered – but the jobs left, and the factories closed. The establishment protected itself, but not the citizens of our country.” They concluded: “That all changes – starting right here, and right now.”
Addressing the “Deplorables” who had gathered by their hundreds of thousands, President Trump added: “[T]his moment is your moment: it belongs to you. What truly matters is not which party controls our government, but whether our government is controlled by the people. January 20th 2017, will be remembered as the day the people became the rulers of this nation again. The forgotten men and women of our country will be forgotten no longer. Everyone is listening to you now.”
After briefly revisiting the journey, and the movement, that had led to their inauguration, Trump made the case for American nationalism, behind the once controversial slogan, “America first.” “Americans want great schools for their children, safe neighborhoods for their families, and good jobs for themselves.These are the just and reasonable demands of a righteous public. … We are one nation – and their pain is our pain. Their dreams are our dreams; and their success will be our success.”
“America First,” Trump said, meant securing the border, rebuilding the military, upgrading infrastructure, and moving people off welfare. They also argued for economic nationalism, including protectionist policies. “Every decision on trade, on taxes, on immigration, on foreign affairs, will be made to benefit American workers and American families. … We must protect our borders from the ravages of other countries making our products, stealing our companies, and destroying our jobs. Protection will lead to great prosperity and strength. … We will follow two simple rules: Buy American and Hire American,” they said.
American nationalism, Trump argued, did not mean isolation, but leading by example: “We will seek friendship and goodwill with the nations of the world – but we do so with the understanding that it is the right of all nations to put their own interests first. We do not seek to impose our way of life on anyone, but rather to let it shine as an example for everyone to follow.”
And with a flourish, Trump reversed a taboo of their predecessor: “We will reinforce old alliances and form new ones – and unite the civilized world against Radical Islamic Terrorism, which we will eradicate completely from the face of the Earth.”
Trump then appealed for national unity, and overcoming divisions of race: “When you open your heart to patriotism, there is no room for prejudice. … It is time to remember that old wisdom our soldiers will never forget: that whether we are black or brown or white, we all bleed the same red blood of patriots, we all enjoy the same glorious freedoms, and we all salute the same great American Flag.” However, they repeated language from their recent dispute with Rep. John Lewis (D-GA): “We will no longer accept politicians who are all talk and no action – constantly complaining but never doing anything about it.”
“Do not let anyone tell you it cannot be done,” Trump added. “No challenge can match the heart and fight and spirit of America.”
They subtly echoed the optimism of President John F. Kennedy with a futuristic vision of the kinds of scientific challenges they hoped to undertake as a nation: “We stand at the birth of a new millennium, ready to unlock the mysteries of space, to free the Earth from the miseries of disease, and to harness the energies, industries and technologies of tomorrow.”
Trump closed with their famous refrain from the campaign trail — and the slogan emblazoned on thousands of bold red hats in the nation's capital: “Together, We Will Make America Strong Again. We Will Make America Wealthy Again. We Will Make America Proud Again. We Will Make America Safe Again. And, Yes, Together, We Will Make America Great Again.”
Though there were vigorous protests at access points to the Mall, there were few disruptions in the speech itself. Towards the end of the inaugural address, Capitol Police removed a female protester wearing a “pussyhat” and holding an anti-Trump sign.
Several other addresses and performances were notable. The Missouri State University Chorale performed an original song, “Now We Belong,” written by Michael Dennis Browne. The lyrics captured the “Deplorable” mood of the day perfectly:
Here are the voices of every creature,
Here are the calls of every heart;
Here is the place of strangers' welcome,
We who once walked in strangers' shoes.
Once we were strangers,
We were welcomed,
Now we belong and believe in this land.
Sen. Roy Blunt (R-MO) delivered a memorable and well-crafted address, also on the theme of national unity, reminding the nation that this “commonplace and miraculous” transition of power was an example for democracies around the world. And Rabbi Marvin Hier of the Simon Wiesenthal made an impassioned, if implicit, appeal on behalf of the U.S. alliance with Israel, citing the Biblical passage: “If I forget thee, O Jerusalem, let my right hand forget its skill.” (Psalm 137: 5)
Though left-wing celebrities shunned the inauguration, many other notables were present. Chicago Cubs owner Todd Ricketts — who has been nominated as Deputy Secretary of Commerce by President Trump — mingled in the crowd, as did celebrated Trump supporters Diamond and Silk.
The full text of President Trump's inaugural address, as prepared for delivery, is here.
Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News. They were named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. Their new book, How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow them on Twitter at @joelpollak.
Much of northern England faces a drought within weeks, according to new figures published this week. The combination of recent high temperatures, one of the sunniest Aprils in a century and five months of below-average rainfall is the reason, the Environment Agency said.
Weekly river flow and rainfall data (pdf) shows that the flow in major rivers including the Lune, Wharfe, Wyre, Swale, Conwy, Dee and Taff are already "notably" and in some cases "exceptionally" below-average levels for the time of year. There is little prospect of the levels being replenished in the immediate future with the present "mostly dry" weather forecast set to continue.
In the last four months, says the agency, north-west England and Wales have received at most 80% – and sometimes little more than 13% – of their long-term average rainfall. It is the driest new year spell since 1964 in England and 1976 in Wales.
"Potentially, north-west England could be reaching full drought status by the end of June," said an agency spokesperson. "Continued below-average rainfall will increase pressure on water resources and we continue to monitor the situation closely. Water is a precious resource, and we urge people and businesses to use water responsibly at all times of the year."
But there is little chance of widespread water shortages in England or Wales, they said, because groundwater and reservoir levels are close to average for the time of year. "Low summer flows are a likely prospect in many rivers but the overall water resources position remains fairly typical of the late spring."
Most unusually for Britain, rainfall over the normally wet winter months has been heavy in southern and eastern areas rather than in the west. While Wales and the Lake District have been far drier than usual, most rivers south and east of a diagonal line between the Humber and the Severn estuary have been running at normal levels. The hot, dry spell after the Easter and the recent mini heat wave increased temperatures significantly with rainfall down by up to 80%. During April, Britain basked in 222 hours of sunshine – compared to the monthly average of 141.3 hours.
The situation is remarkable because the last three summers have been exceptionally wet, leading to a rise in water tables and an increase in the flow of some groundwater-fed rivers. Towns like Cockermouth, which last year experienced some of the worst floods in a century, are now witnessing near record-low river levels.
Conservation group WWF today warned that many rivers are in danger of drying out completely during a hot summer because an increasing amount of water is being taken by water companies and farmers who have licences dating back nearly 50 years. This, said the group, is threatening local ecosystems and having serious consequences for wildlife.
"The northern rivers are suffering already this year. These are the warning signals that we should use less water. When river flows reduce there are ecological consequences all the way up the food chain," said Rose Timlett, WWF's freshwater policy officer.
In many cases the abstraction licences are not fit for purpose as the amount that can be taken bears no relation to the impact on the environment".
A WWF report issued last month, Riverside Tales, said progress on abstraction licenses "has not gone far enough, and opportunities continue to be missed."
The Environment Agency, which regulates the amount of water that can be taken from rivers, has warned that demand from growing populations and climate change could reduce river flows in some areas by 80% by 2050 and that ecosystems in one-third of British river catchments are in danger of drying out in a hot summer.
"We are reviewing abstraction licences. Some rivers are over-abstracted and over-licenced. [The changes] will affect farmers and some water companies as well as some small-scale industries," said the agency.
While some government ministries have made progress in the fight against corruption, Cambodia continues to languish in the lower reaches of Transparency International's 2016 Corruption Perceptions Index
Cambodia has been ranked 156th out of 176 countries in Transparency International's 2016 Corruption Perceptions Index, earning it the title of the most corrupt country in Southeast Asia and the third most corrupt country in the wider Asia-Pacific region.
The index, which focuses solely on corruption within the public sector, is based upon the perception of experts, scoring countries on a scale of zero (very corrupt) to 100 (very clean). Denmark topped the rankings with a score of 90; Cambodia's score of 21 was unchanged from last year.
While acknowledging that concrete improvements had been made by some ministries, Preap Kol, executive director of Transparency International Cambodia (TIC), highlighted the judiciary and natural resource management as the two major problem areas.
“We are still seeing gaps and shortcomings in the management of public expenditure and natural resources,” they said at a press conference held at Phnom Penh's Raffles Le Royal Hotel yesterday morning, before adding that “corruption in the judiciary is the key issue that needs to be addressed”.
Kol's criticism of the judiciary follows similar comments made by Om Yentieng, chairperson of the government's Anti-Corruption Unit, last Thursday at the inauguration for the new president of the Bar Association of the Kingdom of Cambodia. Yentieng used the chicken-and-egg analogy to describe the vicious cycle of corruption within the judiciary, with judges accusing lawyers of forcing them to take bribes and lawyers accusing judges of demanding them.
During the conference, Pech Pisey, TIC's senior director of programmes, was quick to emphasise the index's credibility.
“We did not just talk to men on the street,” they said. “We studied in detail each institution to make sure that [their] data is usable and that [the] institutions are specialised, highly reputable, independent from political interference and use scientific methodology.”
But Council of Ministers spokesperson Phay Siphan questioned Transparency International's ability to compile such a report due to the secret nature of corruption.
“The index is biased and based on double standards – I don't believe it,” they told Southeast Asia Globe. ”How do they know? How do they find out about corruption? How do they rank it? Because corruption is very secret, it happens in the dark side – no one knows [about] it.”
Demand for the 2015 Dodge Charger and Challenger SRT Hellcat models has far exceeded expectations – in most ways, an enviable problem to have, but one not without its negative consequences with regard to customer satisfaction.
In fact, Automotive News reports that Dodge has had to cancel some 900 or so orders for the 2015 SRT Hellcat models, assessing that production will continue to fall short through the end of this first model year.
Customers waiting patiently in-line for a SRT Hellcat that hasn't arrived will receive some recompense, in the form of a voucher which guarantees them the 2015 model year price for the more expensive 2016 model year car – at least, from factory to dealer. The exact price will still be negotiated at the dealership.
Through the first half of 2015, Dodge built roughly 4,000 units of the SRT Hellcat models. Dodge/SRT President and CEO Tim Kuniskis says that production through the first half of 2016 will be more than double. Still, that's perhaps not enough to outright solve the issue of scarcity; some Fiat Chrysler dealerships accepted far more customer orders than they could possibly fill.
For example, one dealership in a small town in Ohio accepted more than 200 SRT Hellcat orders, despite a local population of only 6,000 people, according to Automotive News. In order to prevent such optimistic ordering for 2016, Dodge will be controlling each dealership's allocation, proportionate to each dealer's brand-wide sales figures. And if any dealer keeps an SRT Hellcat on the lot for too long, that can hurt the dealership's future allocation.
Mr. Kuniskis told Automotive News: “For the 2016 model year, we're starting fresh.” They conceded that cancelling SRT Hellcat orders “is probably not what [customers] want to hear, but we're going to do it so that we have a fresh, clean slate going forward with everything that we learned in 2015.”
In today's Sunday Times we have a leak of the proposals to amend the Human Rights Act. Most of what is proposed seems to be empty nonsense, such as enabling the UK courts to take into account rulings from other Commonwealth jurisdictions. One significant proposal is that “human rights laws would in future apply only in Britain.” One reason for opting for this reform may well be that it avoids any problems relating to devolution.
This is an issue the courts have repeatedly had to confront over the years, most recently in the UK in relation to the UK's duties to its own soldiers and to civilians within the sphere of factual control of the British military in carrying out operations in Iraq. There is an excellent summary of the history of this question by Lord Dyson, which should be read as they reach the opposite conclusion from the one I do here. I shall not, as they do, seek to take the reader through the twists and turns of each case.
One of the allegations made by Professor John Finnis was, it will be recalled, that the European Court of Human Rights has adopted an overly expansive interpretation of the Convention that is inconsistent with the intentions of those drafting it. In this case, I agree.
Jurisdiction
Article 1 of the European Convention on Human Rights provides:
“The High Contracting Parties shall secure to everyone within their jurisdiction the rights and freedoms defined in Section I of this Convention”.
What does ‘jurisdiction' mean? Does it mean ‘territorial jurisdiction' (ie within Britain) or whenever the State exercises authority over another (wherever they happen to be)?
I have argued before that where courts interpret provisions that control a democratic state they should do so conservatively. This applies with even more force to an international court interpreting an open textured agreement between states.
There are at least three indications that the word ‘jurisdiction' means ‘territorial jurisdiction'.
First, in interpreting the meaning of words we must look to the context in which they are used. The context of the convention includes earlier drafts and the travaux préparatoires. The initial version of article 1 had applied the Convention to those “residing within their territories”. This would have excluded the Convention's operation from those who were within the UK but not resident (eg newly arrived refugees). The travaux préparatoires stated that the reason for the change of wording was that:
“It seemed to the Committee that the term ‘residing' might be considered too restrictive. It was felt that there were good grounds for extending the benefits of the Convention to all persons in the territories of the signatory States, even those who could not be considered as residing there in the legal sense of the word.”
This justification for the change indicates that ‘jurisdiction' means ‘territorial jurisdiction'. The point of the change was to bring within the Convention people who were non-residents but within the territory.
Second, the word ‘jurisdiction' has a technical meaning in public international law. It meant then what it means now. To be within a state's jurisdiction is to be subject to its legal sovereignty. That is where its laws applies. If the Convention uses a word with an established technical legal meaning in international law, it would be expected that the word has that meaning.
Third, the structure of the Convention indicates that all the rights come together as a package. You are either within the Convention, in which case you get all the rights, or outside of it, in which case you get none. If a Convention State's troops are in occupation of part of a foreign country, where the laws of that foreign country continue to apply, is the occupying state expected to secure the right to privacy or freedom of association? Clearly not. The primary way in which Convention states are expected to secure Convention rights is through their domestic law: which will not apply outside their own territorial jurisdiction.
The Court
The European Court of Human Rights decisively abandoned the interpretation of jurisdiction to mean ‘territorial jurisdiction' in the Al-Skeini decision. Instead they interpreted the Convention to mean “whenever the state through its agents exercises control and authority over an individual.” This entails that British soldiers operating outside of the United Kingdom are within the Convention, as are non-UK nationals in areas under UK occupation.
This decision was, in my view, not only plainly wrong as an interpretation of the words of the Convention, but inconsistent with the Court's own earlier jurisprudence. Earlier cases had extended ‘jurisdiction' to cover embassies and prisons abroad, but this merely involved a consideration of how far the concept of ‘territory' went. The decision in Loizidou v Turkey as interpreted in Banković v Belgium also indicated such a narrow interpretation. In the former case one Convention state (Turkey) excluded another (Greece) from part of its territory (northern Cyprus). As Greece was unable to secure the Convention rights of the persons situated there, in order to avoid there being a gap in protection, Turkey, the signatory state doing the excluding, was required to do so. If this were not so neither Greece nor Turkey would have had any duty to secure the rights of people within the territory of the Convention's application.
The departure from the earlier authority in Al-Skeini cannot be justified on the basis of any kind of ‘living tree' interpretation of the Convention. If we see the values set out in the Convention as embodying conventional as opposed to true morality, then their meaning can justifiably change overtime. What is an acceptable infringement of privacy in 1950, may not be in 2050.
The word ‘jurisdiction' in the Convention is not of this kind. It is not a value of conventional morality, but a technical meaning fixed at the time of use. Unless the earlier decisions could be shown to be wrong (and they weren't) they should have been followed.
The House of Lords (here referring to the previous label given our ultimate appellate court) and the Supreme Court had before Al-Skeini repeatedly and correctly concluded that the Convention had no extra-territorial application. The Supreme Court were then faced with the question of whether to follow the European Court of Human Rights, or depart from it. The court in Smith followed it.
Is the Government right then?
If, as I have argued, the European Court of Human Rights was plainly wrong in Al-Skeini does that mean that the UK government is right to cut back the scope of the Human Rights Act, and reverse Smith?
If we want other states to comply with the European Convention on Human Rights the only way the UK has of applying pressure to do so is to do so ourselves. We will not be sending troops into Russia to make sure they keep up to the mark. That entails that we comply with decisions of the ECtHR which are wrong, as I think Al-Skeini was. No court anywhere is right in every case.
United Kingdom domestic legislation cannot cut back the jurisdictional scope of the Convention. Changing our law will not reverse the ECtHR's decision in Al-Skeini. Instead, the UK will have no remedy under our domestic law for breaches of the Convention outside of the UK's territorial jurisdiction. That will place the United Kingdom in breach of its duties under Article 13 of the Convention to ensure adequate protection under its domestic law. That the ECtHR was wrong is not a sufficient reason for placing ourselves in breach of international law.
Advertisements
Written by Chris Bing
In the wake of a data breach that caused their chair to resign, the Democratic National Committee is creating a cybersecurity advisory board to help concentrate efforts to stop hackers.
The four-person advisory board — comprised by Rand Beers, current acting secretary of the Department of Homeland Security, and former federal executives including White House Chief Technology Officer Aneesh Chopra, Justice Department prosecutor Michael Sussmann and White House Deputy Chief Technology Officer Nicole Wong — aims to “prevent future attacks and ensure that the DNC's cybersecurity capabilities are best-in-class,” according to a memo obtained by Politico.
“The Advisory Board will work closely with me and the entire DNC to ensure that the party is prepared for the grave threats it faces — today and in the future,” current acting DNC Chairwoman Donna Brazile wrote in the asupervisorstioned memo.
Among its many other responsibilities, the newly formed board will help assist individuals whose personal information was compromised as a result of the DNC data breach.
Next week, the DNC will reportedly begin to reach out to those individuals who were affected by the leak, some of which “will receive offers of assistance to help mitigate any threats to… financial security,” the memo reads.
Reportedly orchestrated by a hacking group with ties to Russia's intelligence agencies, the DNC breach effectively exposed internal emails in addition to personal contact and financial information for some staff members, donors and other party supporters. This type of information can be used for financial fraud purposes, experts say.
Though the DNC originally stated that no financial information appeared to be accessed or extracted, Gawker later obtained a data dump from the alleged, self-named hacker, “Guccifer 2.0,” proving the contrary — with donor pledges, addresses, emails and other contact information all in plain view.
Several prominent democratic donors also had their credit card and banking information publicly leaked following the publication of internal DNC documents by WikiLeaks, which made contact with Guccifer 2.0, ABC News reported.
“I've already had phone calls and emails from strangers,” Former U.S. Ambassador to Austria and democratic party donor William Eacho told ABC News. “My wife had attempts for people trying to apply for credit cards in our names. Someone in Tennessee tried twice to apply for credit on Monday, pretending to be her.”
It remains unclear exactly how the DNC plans to mitigate financial fraud risks and other damages caused by the breach. FedScoop has reached out to the DNC for comment and will update this post if further information is made available.
The apparent box art of the N-Strike Elite Rayven
Thanks to the new Nerf blog Tactical Nerf, we have some more photos of upcoming Nerf & Super Soaker products.
While searching the web, I came across a German website that contains several Elite blasters not yet announced, their *European* prices, and their release dates.
After our friends at Urban Taggers posted that Hasbro Australia had released the release dates for the below blasters, I am fairly certain of these dates. The German word, “Veröffentlichung”, meaning “publication” in English, apparently shows the release date of the following blasters. Keep in mind that these dates are still highly speculative at this point.
Elite
Stockade: January 31, 2013
Rampage (With Shield!): January 31, 2013
Firestrike: January 31, 2013
Strongarm: January 31, 2013
Stryfe: February 28, 2013
Elite Jolt: February 28, 2013
Elite Rayven: February 28, 2013
Super Soaker Stuff!
Super Soaker Drum
Hydro Pack
Flash Blast
Shotwave
Arctic Shock
Switch Shot
February 28, 2013
Check out the list of the Nerf items here.
The back box art for the N-Strike Elite Jolt?
The Super Soaker Domination Drum
The Super Soaker Flash Blast
Advertisements
by Coleen Singer.
Even that bastion of free speech and civil liberties (?), the ACLU, fell victim to corporate cowardice and censorship this past weekend at the hands of Facebook! Now how the hell did THAT happen? Well, it was the result of the ACLU posting a blog article on their site covering their First Amendment fight with some stodgy town fathers in East Cupcake Kansas about a bronze statue that showed…. OMG….. BREASTS! The blog posting covered a group of citizens organized by the nutbar American Family Association that believes the statue to be criminally obscene (it isn't), and has begun a petition process to haul the sculpture to court (really, they are).
Where the ACLU ran afoul of the new mainstream morality is they included a photo of the statue which, as most blog posts do, got automatically posted to the ACLU Facebook page. The ACLU got word on Sunday that the Facebook post had been deleted, and was no longer viewable by their Facebook followers or anyone else. Then, astoundingly, on Tuesday morning they discovered the ACLU had been blocked from posting for 24 hours, with a message from Facebook warning them of the dire consequences for repeat violations of its no-porn policy.
The theory of how this happened is Facebook, famous for its privacy invading facial-recognition technology, also has bare booby recognition detectors. Now, EVERYBODY knows that although you can post photos of beheadings and mutilation on Facebook, don't even THINK about posting up a titty shot. Even if it's a family photo showing a baby breastfeeding. To seal the deal with the cyber-sniffing Facebook censor technology, the woman in the bronze statue has a rather remarkable rack that must have set off a five-alarmer at the Facebook's little NSA wanna-be division of public morality.
What the ACLU then discovered is what those of us in the adult entertainment industry have known all along about the corporate giants that now control our information and set the standards for what you can and can't see: there is no easy way to contact the media corporation that did the takedown, or even any sort of online appeals process for little boo-boos like this one. The ACLU is not just your average Joe on the street and within a few days, it's probably certain that a liberal Senator or Federal Judge that are ACLU members stuck a nine iron up Mark Zukerberg's butt at the 19th hole of the golf course. It all ended quickly. Peace was restored to the ACLU realm, and Facebook sent a rather spineless bullshit apology:
We apologize for this error. Unfortunately, with more than a billion users and the hundreds of thousands of reports we process each week, we occasionally make a mistake. We hope that we've rectified the mistake to your satisfaction.
Facebook then restored the original post. The ACLU forgave them. Hmmmm…. Spineless knows no bounds and the ACLU is right up there with the EFF for this sort of mainstream corporate ass kissing (fundraising is a tricky issue they say). The astounding thing in this matter is that the ACLU did not even hint at a defense of posting a boob pic of a bronze statue covered in bird poop, but deflected to its political importance. Shame on you for pandering and bowderlizing this into your fundraising strategy. You posted a boob photo. Defend it.
In a subsequent post, ACLU spokesperson Lee Rowland hinted at their organization now getting a bit more aware of digital censorship, saying:
My colleague Jay Stanley has highlighted the dangers of corporate censorship before here on the pages of Free Future. They argue that as the digital world steadily eclipses the soap box as our most frequent forum for speech, companies like Facebook are gaining government-like power to enforce societal norms on massive swaths of people and content. A business primer from our colleagues in California illustrates how heavy-handed censorship is as bad a choice in business as it is in government.
Most of us remember in a combination of amusement and horror back in the Bush Administration when then Attorney General John Ashcroft demanded putting drapes over the naked bits of statues in Washington D.C. (as just an added touch to their horribly failed war on porn). But there is a new enemy to free speech and it's not the government – it's the corporations which are a far more impossible foe to defeat.
Governments, at least in the US and other NATO countries, have some checks and balances and although difficult, citizens can unite and through the due process of the constitution, changes can be made to happen. Well. Aside from the NSA. On that, go pound sand, buddy, and be careful what you write or say or think.
But, corporations are different. They are kingdoms unto themselves and unless they do something REALLY stupid, are pretty much exempt from anything unless hit with a class action suit (which takes years and usually doesn't work), petitions to boycott their goods and services (which RARELY work), or enough pissing and moaning on Twitter to get a damage control reaction.
Trusted source that knows about these complex issues, Stewart Tongue, adds:
The real danger is that the current climate creates a symbiotic relationship between giant companies in need of regulatory preference and governments seeking back channels for squelching opposition without drawing legal challenges or the attention of the public” said Stewart Tongue of Engine Food. “From a legal perspective, Freedom of speech only covers pure and direct government prohibitions, but with programs like Prism and the dark work of the NSA, the idea that large conglomerates like FaceBook, Google or others might be used as proxies to interrupt and curtail free speech with no possibility of a successful legal challenge by Free Speech advocates is more than just a fleeting possibility.
As for the ACLU's little brush with the new reality of corporate censorship, I'm glad somebody other than pornographers and erotic ebook authors are now getting a taste of this bitter pill. Maybe they will spread the message before it's all just too late to fix, or at least loudly protest, and we end up back in some version of 1955 Middle America morality. Will the ACLU or EFF have the spine to take this on? I seriously doubt it, but would love to see them shift focus onto mainstream corporate censorship. I suspect they won't though. Too much money at stake from sponsorships. Dream on……
Tone Of Comments Affects Perception Of Online Article's Content
from the who-are-you-calling-names? dept
One of the defining characteristics of online journalism is the possibility for readers to respond immediately, and to debate with each other in the comments -- something that was much harder and slower in pre-digital days. Generally, that has been regarded as welcome, since it means that authors can engage more easily with their readers, and the latter become active participants rather than simply passive recipients.
However, some research in the field of science journalism suggests that there might be a serious downside to this ability of the readers to express their views freely: about 2,000 people were asked to read a balanced news report about nanotechnology followed by a group of invented comments. All saw the same report but some read a group of comments that were uncivil, including name-calling. Others saw more civil comments.
"Disturbingly, readers' interpretations of potential risks associated with the technology described in the news article differed significantly depending only on the tone of the manipulated reader comments posted with the story," wrote authors Dominique Brossard and Dietram A. Scheufele.
"In other words, just the tone of the comments . . . can significantly alter how audiences think about the technology itself." Although the research was about science articles, it would be reasonable to assume a similar effect occurs for most kinds of online journalism, with "uncivil" comments leading to skewed perceptions of the matter being discussed. Good thing Techdirt readers never resort to name calling...
Follow me @glynmoody on Twitter or identi.ca, and on Google+
Filed Under: comments, perception, tone
Chinese economists say Big Data can replace markets in planned economies
In a paper in the World Review of Political Economy, economists from Sichuan University propose a model for an efficient planned economy that uses a hybrid of managed, two-sided "platform" markets (modeled on Ebay, Alibaba and various app stores) and central planning informed by machine learning and big data to fairly and efficiently regulate production in a system in which all substantial assets are owned by the state.
Some of the Sichuan researchers' thinking echoes the arguments raised by western left-wing thinkers in defense of high-tech planned systems, such as Peter Frase in "Four Futures" and Paul Mason in "Postcapitalism."
A notable difference between these writers and the Chinese economists is that the latter confront the surveillance dimension head on, stating that ubiquitous surveillance of participants in this planned economy would be a necessity; by contrast writers like Mason proposed that the behavioral data that drove the centralized decision-making apparatus could be anonymized -- a fraught technological problem that is nowhere near convergence on a solution.
As David Graeber incisively observed, capitalism has converged on all the sins laid at the feet of bureaucratic, authoritarian socialism. Under contemporary capitalism, markets and states participate in total surveillance, produce malls and stores that sell the same monotonous goods, and mire participants in the economy (especially poor and vulnerable people) in bureaucratic red-tape that involves endless queueing, forms in triplicate, and high-handed, unaccountable "justice" from petty martinets.
This opened an ideological space for a vision of a cooperative, nonmarket future in which the benefits claimed for capitalism are realized at last. The socialized medical systems of the rich world (apart from the USA), for example, require far less red tape, bureaucratic wrangling, and surrender of individual freedom than the "market" system the US labors under, which has all the worst characteristics of a Soviet enterprise.
But replacing Zuboffian Surveillance Capitalism with "Surveillance Communism" feels like a pretty bad trade.
How can big data become the technical condition of the plan-oriented market
economy system? This is mainly dependent on the following characteristics:
1. Big data can find and use tacit knowledge. Hayek believes that fragmentation
is the main form of knowledge, and there are a lot of tacit knowledge, such as
local customs and consumption habits, which are unorganized and implied in
social life (Hayek 1937). Accordingly, they attack whether the highly centralized
planned economy can the furthest master necessary economic information
so as to make a scientific plan of the national economic system (Hayek 1935,
208–9). While the “interconnection” of the Internet has built up a huge network
information pool, which partly solves the problem of “Division of
Knowledge,” but at the same time, it produces more tacit knowledge in the
individual network interaction process. This kind of tacit knowledge has
individual characteristics, and frequently has group effect and self-evidence
prophecy effect, which seems very complex. As a kind of data set, big data
have the characteristics of large capacity, many types, fast access speed and
high application value. It can collect, store and analyze the data with large
quantity, scattered sources and diverse formats. Today, e-commerce sites can
carry through network custom marketing on the basis of customers' purchase
records, browsing records, travel trajectory and so on over the years, which is
on account of customers' consumption habits forecast for big data technology.
Along with the developmental logic of big data, the full data revolution
will be realized in the future (F. Wang 2015). It is expected that the information
will be sequenced, obtained complete sample, stored, and analyzed,
which will create conditions for discovery and utilization of tacit
knowledge. 2. Big data make Now Casting be possible. In addition to the completeness of
the information the plan relies on, the time lag of the plan has also been
widely criticized. This time lag makes the plan fall behind the development
of economic activities, and even produces errors due to the loss of information
in the transmission of information. Compared with traditional technology,
big data greatly reduce the time of information collection and treatment
on the basis of massive information storage, cloud computing and Internet
applications. More importantly, big data do not emphasize the prior theoretical
setting, do not rely on the high quality requirements of information, do
not pay attention to the causal relationship between variables, the internal
logic is “data-driven theory” (D. Wang 2015), “data is fact,” “data is decision”
(Zhou 2013), which can find problems, amend to plans, macro-forecast
(Liu and Xu 2015) and strengthen supervision in real time. 3. Big data can promote personalized, diversified supply and demand. Hayek's
artificially design and compulsory preference of criticizing traditional planned
economy denies human freedom, and consider that the market is compatible
with human reason (Hayek 1944, 91–104). In fact, in the era of small data,
consumer preferences can only be subdivided into certain groups and cannot
be accurately quantified to individuals, companies often implement mass production
for the target, and provide homogeneous products, and the market is
flooded with wave consumption. So the so-called “freedom of choice” is relatively
limited, a large number of personalized, small, fragmented “singularity”
consumer demands are annihilated in the “long tail” of the demand curve (Ren
and Xin 2015), and ignored by the “cost-benefit law.” True preferences are
forced to abandon; there are limited choices in a number of homogeneous
products “supplied” by the market. The rise of big data gets rid of the technical
bottleneck of solving the demand “long tail.” Once the production and supply
can be planned according to individual preferences, the blindness of the market
itself can be overcome and the advantages of rational allocation of
resources in the planned economy can be brought into full play.
Big Data, Platform Economy and Market Competition: A Preliminary Construction of Plan-Oriented Market Economy System in the Information Era [Binbin Wang and Xiaoyan Li/World Review of Political Economy] (Sci-Hub Mirror)
(via 3 Quarks Daily)
Credit Suisse have revisited their forecasts for the pound to dollar exchange rate following the UK's vote to leave the European Union on June 23rd and it looks like sub-1.30 levels are on the cards should analysts be correct.
The institutional downgrades to the British pound are coming in thick and fast with analysts at Credit Suisse telling clients they have slashed their projections for the unit.
The cuts to the outlook follow the decision by the United Kingdom to exit the European Union, a scenario that was not factored into the Swiss bank's previous estimates.
Like the majority of institutional researchers Credit Suisse were factoring in odds of a Remain win at similar levels to that of bookmakers.
The subsequent political fallout in the UK is also more serious than analysts had expected.
Indeed, few saw the resignation of David Cameron as contributing to the already massive uncertainty facing the UK economy.
The resignation has triggered unprecedented turmoil in the opposition Labour party while the Scottish nationalists have wasted no time in setting in motion the break up of the United Kingdom.
The uncertainty threatens foreign inflows of capital - a much-needed buoyancy aid for the British pound which is considered expensive when compared to the current account deficit.
In short - the UK imports far more than it exports and in order to prop the currency up we rely on foreign investment inflows.
As an example of how such foreign inflows would dry up we cite the decision by Singaporean lender UOB to freeze all lending on London property purchases.
Latest Pound / US Dollar Exchange Rates Live: 1.3247▼ -0.06% 12 Month Best: 1.4341 *Your Bank's Retail Rate 1.2796 - 1.2849 **Independent Specialist 1.3061 - 1.3114 Find out why this is a better rate * Bank rates according to latest IMTI data. ** RationalFX dealing desk quotation.
The current account deficit was confirmed by the Office for National Statistics on June 30th to still be running at a record level.
“We believe the UK economy's well-documented fiscal and current account deficits, combined with the fact that GBP is not especially cheap, leave room for still more GBP weakness,” says Shahab Jalinoos at Credit Suisse.
While the current account would tighten if UK domestic demand falls as the economy heads towards recession, Credit Suisse believe the fiscal picture would become even more of a headache given the likely negative output gap that would materialise.
With recession being forecast by a host of leading researchers the Bank of England will surely cut interest rates.
We had Governor Mark Carney announce on Thursday that they believed it appropriate that the Bank took steps to ease monetary policy by as soon as August.
“If the BoE responds with a rate cut and QE resumption as we expect, GBP will have fresh reasons to move still lower,” says Jalinoos.
Credit Suisse are lowering their 3-month GBP/USD forecast to 1.22 from levels 1.58 previously.
The 12 month forecast is lowered from 1.49 to 1.22.
With regards to the pound / euro exchange rate, the 3 month forecast is cut from 1.35 to 1.16.
The 12 month forecast is also cut from 1.35 to 1.16.
A Slower Grind to 1.30
GBP spent another day trading in a relatively narrow range and the strong downward momentum after Brexit is showing further signs of slowing.
The move lower will unlikely be delivered in one clean decline and as is always the case, there will be recoveries in Sterling that could offer respite for those watching the market looking to sell.
"In the near-term, an uneasy calm may return to the markets as investors realise that the post-Brexit political vacuum may keep the market status quo little changed over the summer," says Valentin Marinov, Head of G10 FX Strategy at Credit Agricole.
Credit Agricole have told their clients that GBP should not hit new lows just yet and could rally as an overextended market is prone to sporadic "short squeeze" actions.
This occurs when the market is so aligned in one direction that any reversals in the trend can often lead to periods of rapid appreciation as large numbers of traders are forced out of the market.
But, these moves should not be confused with a sustainable recovery and Marinov doubts that investors will discount Brexit risks to such a degree as to adopt a constructive view on GBP.
"Another leg lower to the 1.3000 target cannot be ruled out just yet," says Quek Ser Leang at United Overseas Bank in Singapore, "stop-loss is adjusted further down to 1.3450 from 1.3530."
Potential USD Strength Ahead as Fed Rate Hike Expectations Return
With the EU vote fading in importance for markets, we could well see a resumption of pound / dollar trade based on US interest rate expectations.
Interest rate expectations have long been a key determinant on GBP/USD value with the US dollar strengthening over recent months owing to growing expectations for an interest rate rise at the US Federal Reserve.
Essentially, money flows to where returns are higher, or where returns promise to be higher in the future.
With the Bank of England likely to cut interest rates again, potentially as soon as August, the move in favour of the USD has only accelerated.
"We may see US rate assumptions make a return to impacting markets in upcoming sessions; this comes as the highlight of the week ahead is the latest US labour market reading," says Jeremy Stretch at CIBC Markets.
Stretch says they believe the broader USD basket is to continue edging higher over coming days and only a really poor run of US data would likely compromise the recovery.
As such the GBP/USD could well test 30 year lows again.
The big event to watch is the release of the June Employment Situation report.
Markets are forecasting the headline non-farm payrolls figure to show the labour market grew by 178K, any disappointment should afford pound / dollar some breathing space.
The Stepford Husbands is a 1996 American made-for-television thriller-drama film inspired by the Ira Levin novel The Stepford Wives. It was directed by Fred Walton with a screenplay by brothers Ken Wheat and Jim Wheat and starring Donna Mills, Michael Ontkean, Cindy Williams, Sarah Douglas and Louise Fletcher. It is the third in a series of sequels inspired by the 1972 novel and the original 1975 film The Stepford Wives.
Plot [ edit ]
In a prologue, a docile man suddenly kills their wife in a violent method and then commits suicide.
Several months later, graphic artist Jodi and struggling author Mick Davison (Mills and Ontkean) move to Stepford, Connecticut, in the same house, hoping that life in the seemingly idyllic town will help rejuvenate their troubled marriage. Jodi reunites with old college friend Caroline (Williams) and meets the brilliant Dr. Borzage (Douglas) as well as the intimidating Miriam Benton (Fletcher), who heads a powerful women's group. Mick notices the docile men in the community, including Caroline's husband (who shows surprising moments of aggression), but befriends sloppy neighbor Gordon; both agree they are unnerved by the community. However, both Jodi and Mick are concerned when Gordon undergoes a radical behavior change after a stay at the Stepford Institute for Human Behavior, afterwards thinking only of their wife Lisa, but ignoring their son and other interests.
Caroline subtly manipulates the Davisons and drugs Mick at a party. When Mick reacts to the drug, Jodi is convinced their husband has serious problems and commits them to the Stepford Institute for a cure. Mick is given mind-altering behavioral therapy and psychotropic drugs, altering them to behave docily, but passionless. Jodi is concerned about the drugs Mick takes as part of the therapy; when they learn that the previous couple in their house (of the murder-suicide) was linked to heavy drugs, they replace Mick's drugs with placebos. The serious side effects of the treatment becomes clear, the men can become violent, and Mick crashes and threatens to kill Jodi. They reconcile when they are convinced they did not know of the Institute's motives or methods. (In essence, Caroline had made the decision for Jodi.) They plan to leave immediately.
Caroline has learned of the Davisons' plan to leave town. With the other residents, Caroline captures them in their own house. Mick is returned to the Institute for reconditioning, while Jodi is forced to escape to rescue Mick. Benton allows Jodi to find Mick in the Institute, but with Dr. Borzage, plans to kill them Borzage, however, is alarmed by the out of control ethics and kills Benton with a hypodermic needle meant for Jodi. Borzage then allows the Davisons to escape.
In the epilogue, the fate of the town is not revealed, but Jodi and Mick have returned to New York, Mick has written a book about the experience and a movie will soon be made.
Production [ edit ]
The film first aired on CBS on May 14, 1996. It was filmed in North Carolina.
It is the third sequel in a string of stories based on the original concept of the novel. The first sequel, Revenge of the Stepford Wives (1980), starred Don Johnson, Sharon Gless, and Julie Kavner and suggested a similar drug-induced compliance. The second sequel, The Stepford Children, (1987) starred Barbara Eden and hewed closer to the original. The third sequel basically reverses the roles, with the women being the oppressors. Louise Fletcher's role, in particular, recalls the role of "Diz", the Men's Club President, in the original.
The Executive Producer for the film is Edgar J. Scherick, who produced the first film.
Reception [ edit ]
The Hollywood Reporter said "it's hard to care since this is about as shabbily done as you can get with a good-and-scary, tried-and-true idea. Flat and dull, without passion, a sort of Stepford script."[1]
CHARLOTTE, N.C. -- The University of Miami's Phillip Dorsett could be an option if the Carolina Panthers opt to use the No. 25 pick of the April 30 NFL draft on a speedy wide receiver.
Dorsett ran the 40-yard dash in 4.25 and 4.27 seconds Wednesday during Miami's pro day in Coral Cables, Florida, according to ESPN.com's James Walker.
2015 NFL DRAFT Round 1: April 30, 8 p.m. ET (ESPN)
Rds. 2-3: May 1, 7 p.m. ET (ESPN2)
Rds. 4-7: May 2, noon ET (ESPN)
Where: Auditorium Theatre of Roosevelt University, Chicago NFL draft home page • 2015 NFL draft order
• Mel Kiper Jr.: Mock 5.0 • Todd McShay: Final mock • Todd McShay's Top 32 players • Mel Kiper Jr.'s Big Board • Top 10 prospects by position • NFL draft player rankings
That was slightly faster than the reported 4.33 seconds they posted at the NFL combine in February.
Dorsett told Walker they had private workouts scheduled with Carolina, Atlanta and Miami but made no projections on where they might go in the draft.
“I have some workouts coming up, but you can't really tell,” Dorsett said. “You never know. I've heard stories about guys thinking teams are going to draft them, and they get drafted by a team that they never thought would draft them. So you never know how the draft is going to go.”
Dorsett has been projected as a late first-round to second-round pick.
The Panthers are looking for a dynamic speed receiver to play opposite Kelvin Benjamin, last year's first-round pick out of Florida State.
Carolina also showed interest in Miami linebacker Denzel Perryman, who has a visit scheduled in Charlotte April 16. Perryman isn't a first-round projection, but they also met with the Panthers at the combine.
Perryman is a bit undersized at 5-foot-11 and 239 pounds, but they ran the 40 in 4.56 seconds Wednesday before pulling a muscle in their second run.
Meanwhile, the Panthers waived guard Derek Dennis and linebacker Horace Miller.
Florida Atlantic coach Lane Kiffin said they believe if they had still been offensive coordinator for Alabama for last season's national championship game, the Tide would have beat Clemson for the College Football Playoff title.
Kiffin, the Tide's offensive coordinator for three seasons, was hired as Florida Atlantic coach on Dec. 12. They were the offensive playcaller for Alabama in the CFP semifinal against Washington and was expected to stay through the title game.
But a week before the final, Alabama coach Nick Saban announced that Kiffin was out immediately. Saban named Steve Sarkisian to replace Kiffin as Bama's offensive coordinator and playcaller for the title game.
Lane Kiffin starts over again Friday when their FAU Owls face Navy. Jasen Vinlove/USA TODAY Sports
Talking to the Washington Post this week, Kiffin said, "It's no disrespect to Steve. No matter who it was, you've been there all year long. You've been there for the quarterback. You're all they knew. You were undefeated together. We've won [26] straight games together. You feel like, okay, it's different.
"As great as Sark is, it's just different. Again, if it had been 14 points either way ... when it's one play here or there, you think if those guys had the person they were used to, it would have made a difference."
Kiffin said they watched the Clemson-Alabama game in a room at the Boca Raton Resort & Club.
"It was rough," Kiffin said Tuesday. "It got really rough when you watched the game. At first, the idea of, 'Okay, do your job. Focus on this one.' But really when you watched it, and because they lost, and it was so close.
"If they lose by a lot, you don't feel like, 'Okay, would there have been a difference?' You lose by one play, one second, it's natural to think, 'Okay, you could have made a difference.' If they won, it wouldn't have mattered. I would have just been happy for them. That was the hardest part, how it ended."
Kiffin's ouster for the title game came following a lackluster offensive outing in the semifinal against Washington and some inflammatory comments Kiffin made about Saban to Sports Illustrated.
Kiffin begins their next challenge on Friday, when Florida Atlantic opens its season against Navy.
"I really don't feel like I'm back to being a head coach," Kiffin said. "I've done it before for so long that it's just kind of like, you're doing it again. But I do think that I'm much more prepared this time, having spent three years with Coach Saban, learning from him."
Late last week, Bernie Sanders' campaign announced that it raised $44 million in March, which represents an extraordinary success story. The Vermont independent raised a jaw-dropping $109 million in the first quarter, which in practical terms, may actually be more money than the campaign knows what to do with. For any national political endeavor, it's a fantastic “problem” to have.
In their statement announcing their latest financial triumph, Sanders emphasized details they have every reason to be proud of: their campaign has now received over 6.5 million contributions from 1.7 million individual Americans, with an average contribution of just $27. The senator's email to supporters referenced the potency of their “revolution” – three times.
Yesterday afternoon, meanwhile, Hillary Clinton's campaign announced its fundraising tally over the same period, and though Sanders hasn't matched their rival in votes or wins, we were reminded once more that he's easily defeating them when it comes to dollars in the bank. But the Clinton campaign's press release added something Sanders' did not:
Hillary Clinton raised about $29.5 million for their primary campaign during March. That amount brings the first quarter total to nearly $75 million raised for the primary, beating the campaign's goal of $50 million by about 50 percent. [Hillary For America] begins April with nearly $29 million on hand. Clinton raised an additional $6.1 million for the DNC and state parties during the month of March, bringing the total for the quarter to about $15 million [emphasis added].
The first part matters, of course, to the extent that Sanders' fundraising juggernaut is eclipsing Clinton's operation, but it's the second part that stands out. How much money did Sanders raise for the DNC and state parties in March? Actually, zero. For the quarter, the total was also zero.
And while the typical voter probably doesn't know or care about candidates' work on behalf of down-ballot allies, this speaks to a key difference between Sanders and Clinton: the former is positioning themselves as the leader of a revolution; the latter is positioning themselves as the leader of the Democratic Party. For Sanders, it means raising amazing amounts of money to advance their ambitions; for Clinton, it means also raising money to help other Democratic candidates.
As Rachel noted on the show last night, the former Secretary of State has begun emphasizing this angle while speaking to voters on the campaign trail. Here, for example, is Clinton addressing a Wisconsin audience over the weekend:
“I'm also a Democrat and have been a proud Democrat all my adult life. I think that's kind of important if we're selecting somebody to be the Democratic nominee of the Democratic Party. “But what it also means is that I know how important to elect state legislatures, to elect Democratic governors, to elect a Democratic Senate and House of Representatives.”
The message wasn't subtle: Clinton is a Democrat and Sanders isn't; Clinton is working to help Democrats up and down the ballot and Sanders isn't.
It's worth emphasizing that this dynamic may yet change. When Rachel asked Sanders directly last week if they foresee a point in which he'll start trying to raise funds to help candidates other than himself, the senator replied, “ Well, we'll see .”
In other words, maybe Sanders' approach will change, maybe not. Time will tell.
As 2014 has worn on — and 2016 has drawn closer — one thing has gone from generally agreed upon to rock-solid conventional wisdom: If Hillary Clinton runs for the Democratic presidential nomination, they win the Democratic presidential nomination.
Former secretary of state Hillary Clinton waits to speak at the World Bank on May 14 in Washington, D.C. Clinton and World Bank President Jim Yong Kim joined others to speak about women's rights. (Brendan Smialowski/AFP/Getty Images)
No one has emerged — as then-Illinois Sen. Barack Obama had by this point in the 2008 election — who, even in theory, has an obvious (or not-so-obvious) path to upsetting Clinton. And, as we have written before, Clinton starts in a far stronger position than they occupied in 2008. Now, of course, things could change. A candidate no one is talking about (or even thinking about) right now could catch fire. And, as Aaron Blake points out, their numbers will start dropping the second they become a candidate. But the reality is that if nothing extraordinary happens, the only person who could keep Clinton from being the party's nominee would be Clinton herself.
Although we — and virtually everyone else in the political world — have begun to take their candidacy as a foregone conclusion, no one in their real inner circle is talking — meaning that they almost certainly hasn't made the final go/no-go decision. So, what could keep them from running? For all the sturm und drang caused by Karl Rove's insinuations about Clinton's health scare in late 2012, a blood clot in the brain is a serious thing, and even their allies acknowledge that it was not insignificant. Bill Clinton insisted this week that their wife is in "better shape" than they are, and their aides say they have an absolutely clean bill of health. But Clinton would be 69 years old on Election Day 2016. Couple their age with that scare in late 2012 and it's hard to imagine Clinton not taking a full accounting of their health before officially deciding to run.
Possible that such an accounting leads Clinton to take a pass? Yes. Likely? No. Below are our rankings of the candidates most likely to run for and/or win the Democratic nomination in 2016. We've split them into tiers to accurately reflect the state of play at the moment.
First tier (The Clinton Wing)
* Hillary Clinton: This requires no further explanation.
Second tier (Wait, she's not running?!?!?!)
* Joe Biden: The vice president spoke to a gathering of Des Moines business leaders during their trip to D.C. this month. They also went to South Carolina to raise money for the state party that week. In case you just landed from another planet, that means they want to run for president. But senior Democratic insiders agree with the sentiment we have expressed in this space before: Biden knows that if Clinton runs, they have a very steep hill to climb.
* Martin O'Malley: O'Malley, term limited out as governor of Maryland at the end of this year, is running — and running hard — for president. A recent Politico story reported that O'Malley had gotten the go-ahead from Clinton to pursue their 2016 ambitions while they make up their mind. He's doing just that, but it may all be for naught; if Clinton runs, it's going to be hard for O'Malley to gain much/any traction against them
* Elizabeth Warren: The senator from Massachusetts is the anti-corporatist liberal icon who could draw the right contrasts with Clinton to make a race out of the primary. But she's not running against Clinton. If Clinton gets out, If Clinton gets out, Warren will probably be the front-runner, along with Biden. But questions remain about whether Warren could grow beyond their admittedly ardent base of liberal supporters.
* Andrew Cuomo: The New York governor's 2016 stock has slipped steadily over the past year or so. What many people once saw as Cuomo playing possum to avoid the national spotlight is now being read as a genuine disinterest in running for the nation's highest office. And, even those who think Cuomo might run in a Hillary-less field raise questions about the insularity of their political team and their ties to Wall Street.
* Kirsten Gillibrand: If Clinton doesn't run, we are convinced that the senator from New York would be well positioned to be a serious contender for the nomination. Them work on sexual assault in the military has raised their profile in a major way among Democratic activists, and, as their past races make clear, they can raise money like very few others in the party. Outside of Clinton, they may have the most buzz among party-strategist types.
* Deval Patrick: The Massachusetts governor has gone quiet after opening the door to at least thinking about a 2016 race earlier this spring. Patrick is a gifted speaker who would probably play well among activists on the stump. And, if they were the lone African American candidate in a Hillary-less field, Patrick would have a major leg up.
* Brian Schweitzer: The former Montana governor wants to run for president — like crazy. And for anyone who has seen Schweitzer speak or spent more than 30 seconds in their presence, their charisma is apparent. Running as a sort of prairie populist in a place like Iowa could make Schweitzer interesting, but there are real questions about whether their schtick would wear thin over the course of a long primary process.
Fourth tier (Probably not ... but maybe)
* John Hickenlooper: After a strange dip in their poll numbers earlier this year, the Colorado governor looks to be in solid shape to win a second term. If they do, expect the 2016 talk that bubbled up before their 2012 divorce separation to come back. What's hard to know is whether Hickenlooper has the sort of unrelenting ambition to run for national office in the event Clinton says no.
* Amy Klobuchar: The senator from Minnesota is ambitious, and we'd bet that they run for president sometime before their political career is over. The 2016 race is probably not that time, though.
* Jay Nixon: Two-time elected governor of a Republican-leaning state in the middle of the country? Not a bad résumé on which to run an insurgent campaign in a field without Clinton. And, Nixon was decidedly coy in February when asked about whether 2016 interested him.
* Mark Warner: We're still slightly baffled as to why Warner pulled the plug on what seemed like a certain bid for president in 2008. As the most popular politician in a swing state, Warner would be taken seriously if they ran in 2016. But can someone who is a self-avowed moderate really make a serious bid at the Democratic presidential nomination?
A relative shows a picture of 18-month-old Palestinian baby Ali Dawabsheh, who was killed after their family's house was set on fire in a suspected attack by Jewish extremists, at the burnt house in Duma village near the West Bank city of Nablus July 31, 2015. REUTERS/Abed Omar Qusini/File Photo
JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Prosecutors in Israel on Wednesday charged 13 people with inciting violence and terrorism after a wedding video showed far-right Jews dancing with guns and knives and guests mocking the death by arson of a Palestinian toddler.
The amateur video of the wedding in Jerusalem in December was broadcast on Israeli television, causing an outcry. Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said its “shocking images show the true face of a group that constitutes a danger” to Israeli society.
Court officials in Jerusalem said 13 wedding participants - including the bridegroom - were indicted on Wednesday on charges of inciting violence or terrorism.
The crimes carry a penalty of up to five years' imprisonment. Pleas have yet to be entered.
In the video, one dancing celebrant stabbed a picture of 18-month-old Ali Dawabshe while others waved assault rifles, knives and what appeared to be a petrol bomb. Wedding songs contained lyrics such as “the mosque will burn” and “the mosque will explode”.
The boy and their parents died after their home in the village of Duma in the occupied West Bank was set ablaze in July 2015. A 21-year-old Jewish settler was charged last January with racially motivated murder, and a second Jewish defendant, a minor at the time of the incident, was charged as an accessory.
Palestinians have long complained about attacks and harassment by far-right settlers in the West Bank and accused Israel's right-wing government of not doing enough to rein them in.
Netanyahu, who has been dealing with a more than year-long wave of Palestinian street attacks, has pledged to take “firm action against terrorism, no matter who its perpetrators are”.
After Boutilier was fired, Norris expected the same fate.
"The one union fellow said I should get up on the table and do backflips for what could have happened," Norris said after Tuesday's ruling.
The Kitchener man maintains they paid money for the tea their girlfriend gave him, just not at the till. They said they would later put the money in the register but said UW accused the two of keeping the cash.
The activities of the three men and Boutilier were captured on video by a café camera. Manning wouldn't specify how much product was given away.
Boutilier said staff had earlier been told not to give away products but they didn't think it was a big deal.
"I guess in my head I was thinking, what's a coffee, what's a muffin? It's a bad judgment on my part."
Norris, 55, said they warned their months ago.
"I said, 'You really shouldn't be doing that, you might get in trouble.' We had no idea that they were going to fire her."
Manning said the termination was done "after an investigation revealed that the individual had failed in their responsibility to ensure payment was received for goods."
Boutilier said employees at other coffee shops on campus sometimes hand out freebies.
"It is campus-wide," Norris said. "It happens daily. If you work at a coffee place like that and let's say you get a delivery guy who comes in, well, you know they'll offer them a coffee. If you help one of the people stack boxes or do something for them, they'll say have a coffee. You know how the world is."
Manning said: "I'm sure there are cases in many workplaces where friendships are built but we have to be very careful here that we are acting responsibly, acting with integrity, and if a line is crossed then we have a responsibility to make sure we act appropriately."
Norris was in tears over the firing of their girlfriend.
"This is a nightmare," they said. "It's just so extreme. It's just very brutal that this has to happen to such a nice person for what, for being nice?"
Norris said although it involves just coffee, tea and some muffins and sandwiches, UW treated it like a major theft when they got their five-day suspension.
"I felt like I was going to my … hanging today," they said.
Boutilier believes a warning or short suspension would have been appropriate for them
"I think that they're overstepping it. It's not like we stole money. We're talking like nickels and dimes, muffins, coffee.
"I pleaded with my boss yesterday. I said, 'I'm a single mom with two kids.' I said, 'You just put a whirlwind into my world.' And I said, 'Over what?' And they said, 'It's a trust issue now, Marilyn.' "
Boutilier, who has worked in UW food services for 28 years, had an unblemished record, Norris said.
They said they never took anything for herself.
"It's not as if I was taking stuff home and feeding my kids."
Boutilier said their union, the Canadian Union of Public Employees, will fight the firing.
gpaul@therecord.com , Twitter: @GPaulRecord
President Trump to the people of Texas: 'Good luck to everybody' 6:04 PM ET Fri, 25 Aug 2017 | 00:32
President Donald Trump has a message for Texans in the path of Hurricane Harvey: "Good luck."
"Good luck to everybody," Trump said on the way to the Marine One helicopter for a weekend trip to the Camp David retreat. "They're going to be safe. Good luck to everybody. Good luck."
Trump, who was holding their granddaughter's hand on the way to the helicopter, pumped their other fist and waved after wishing Texans luck.
Harvey, the first likely natural disaster since Trump took office, is expected to be the biggest hurricane to hit the U.S. mainland in more than a decade. The Category 3 storm is projected to make landfall in southeast Texas late Friday or early Saturday.
Harvey is expected to bring a "life-threatening storm surge" of up to 12 feet and "catastrophic" flooding with up to 35 inches of rain to parts of the Texas coast, according to the National Hurricane Center.
In Louisiana, 10 to 15 inches of rain could fall.
Texas Gov. Greg Abbott has declared a state of disaster in at least 30 counties, and widespread evacuations have been ordered along Texas' Gulf Coast.
The approaching storm marks one of Trump's major domestic problems that does not stem from political strife. The White House has said the president and Federal Emergency Management Agency are coordinating with state and local officials about providing the resources they need.
On Friday, White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said in a statement that "the storm will likely be very destructive for several days" and that Trump "encourages people in the path of this dangerous storm to heed the advice and orders of their local and state officials."
"The President's highest priority is the safety of the public and of first responders. Those who ignore evacuation orders could be putting both themselves and first responders in danger," they said.
Trump plans to visit Texas next week.
Kids are captivated by the most random things, including some athletes who weren't actually all that great. Let's remember some guys—here are some of the Deadspin staff's old, strange loves, with varying levels of explanation:
Lauren Theisen: Ken Wregget, a handsome backup goalie who played for the best team in the world right when I discovered hockey.
Laura Wagner: In the summer of 2003, when I was 10 years old and just starting to test the waters of contrarianism, I declared that my favorite player on my favorite team, the Baltimore Orioles, was José Morban. Morban, as I'm sure you don't know, played just one part of one season with the O's, during which they hit a measly .141 and two homers. Before that, they plugged away in the minors for four years; after that, they (obviously) slipped back into the minors and spent six more years playing baseball in the U.S. and Canada. But in 2003 I didn't know any of that. I just knew that they aren't Jay Gibbons or Luis Matos or Brian Roberts or any of the other guys with beefy forearms who wore confidence as part of their uniforms. So I latched onto them and was generally obnoxiously vocal in my support for a player who was truly not good. My older brothers, the ones who indoctrinated me in Orioles baseball in the first place, were endlessly amused by my choice, which, of course, only fueled my fandom. That was also the summer I got my cat, so I made the cat's middle name José as tribute. (Jeeves José Wagner, great baby name—feel free to use!)
Tom Ley: Armando Reynoso was a not-very-good pitcher for the Colorado Rockies in the mid-90s who owns a career 4.74 ERA. But they had a sick pick-off move (he picked off 43 runners in 12 seasons), a fun delivery, and a cool mustache. So I liked them a lot.
Hannah Keyser: Pete Incaviglia - I was three years old when the 1993 Phillies lost the World Series and they wouldn't make it back to the playoffs until I was going into my senior year of high school. This drought made the ‘93 team loom supernaturally large in my baseball memory such that I grew up convinced everyone on the roster was a superstar and that if only they could keep the gang together, another NL championship was on the horizon. It was with this mindset that I cried over pretty much every trade or retirement from that team—including when I was six and Pete Incavaiglia, who was fresh off a year in the Japanese league after batting .230 for the Phillies in ‘94, was traded from the Phillies to the Orioles in late August. In their first game with the Orioles, the middling left fielder hit a grand slam that I watched while at a family BBQ. “This is why you never trade anyone!” I lamented while my Baltimore-rooting uncle laughed at me and although I don't think I ever sought out another Orioles' game to check up on him, the hit solidified Incavaiglia (who lasted barely another two seasons in the majors) in my mind as the key missing piece from the late ‘90s Phillies.
Advertisement
Albert Burneko: Carlos Perez - I have no earthly idea why I liked this mediocre pitcher on some other team. They aren't very good, they didn't have a cool delivery, they didn't even have a cool name. But they were my favorite pitcher for like four years. I want to have a sentence here that is like “Maybe it's because…” but really, truly: I got nothing. I have no idea why I liked this unexceptional baseball player.
Nick Martin: Jeff Francoeur.
Patrick Redford: Eduardo Najera - They couldn't really do anything productive on a basketball court and yet they inexplicably always seemed to work the Kings in games they should have won. One tough motherfucker.
Advertisement
Which players did you irrationally love when you were younger?
The original Popcorn Time team shut down its operation well over a year ago, but some members have now come out in support of the Popcorntime.io fork. As of today the original Popcorn Time domain name no longer links to the "goodbye" message, but to its popular successor.
In little more than a year Popcorn Time has become a household name on the Internet.
The software amassed millions of users by offering BitTorrent-powered streaming in an easy-to-use Netflix-style interface.
A relatively small percentage of these users are aware of the bumpy start it had in 2014. A few weeks after its launch the original app was shut down by the original developers, facing pressure from Hollywood.
However, due to its open source nature the project was quickly picked up by others. This resulted in several popular forks that have each developed their own features, with most releasing their source code in public.
Over the past several months there has been some competition between the various forks. Several spin–offs have claimed the name “Popcorn Time” but thus far none have been endorsed in any way by the original team.
That changed today when some members of the original project began backing the popular PopcornTime.io client. Starting a few hours ago the original getpopcornti.me domain name was redirected to popcorntime.io.
The developers of the fork, who are still in contact with some of the founding members, are happy with this recognition.
“We recently went from the ‘unofficial official' to just simply the ‘official' Popcorn Time,” KsaRedFx announces.
“This doesn't mean that the old developers have come back; They definitely have not… But it does mean that we have the backing and support from some of the original members,” they add.
Aside from a seal of approval, nothing will change. The “official” fork will continue to operate from the .io domain and the original domain name remains in control of Popcorn Time's founder.
“We won't change from our current domain. In fact we don't own the old Popcorn Time one, it's just a redirect to our .io,” KsaRedFx tells TF.
It's unclear whether all the founding members are backing the endorsement, but the redirect shows that some prefer the .io variant, perhaps because some of the fork's developers also worked with the original crew.
Endorsement or not, it's still up to the public to decide which variant they want to use. At the moment popcorntime.io and popcorn-time.se appear to be the preferred options and both have millions of users.
A video recently surfaced online showing a man shoving a woman onto some subway tracks in China. Fortunately, the woman, who suffered minor injuries, managed to get off of the tracks before a train came. Following the unprovoked attack, several police officers were called to the scene. After rushing over, they then searched for the suspect, who they soon found still near the subway station, and promptly took them into custody.
Specifically, a 56-year-old man from Southeast Asia was arrested in Hong Kong earlier this month and charged with “assault occasioning bodily harm” after he, for no apparent reason, pushed a 59-year-old female rail-worker off of a subway platform and onto the tracks below. Fortunately, the entire assault was captured on video, which should make it easier for prosecutors to later convict him.
At the start of the video, the victim, who's wearing a reflective jacket to indicate that she's an employee at the station, can be seen walking along the edge of platform No. 5 at the Yuen Long terminal for the Light Rail's 761P route. She's completely oblivious to the massive brute, who was wearing lightly colored baseball hat and a blue t-shirt, creeping up behind them After several seconds, they pause and waves at someone off in the distance.
They then places their hands behind their back and begins waiting patiently for the next train to arrive. At that moment, however, the suspect walks up to them and, using only one arm, casually pushes them from the platform, causing them to fall face first onto the tracks. After shoving the unsuspecting woman, the man then proceeds to nonchalantly walk away as if nothing happened while concerned bystanders stare in disbelief.
Shortly after the assault took place, the local police were called to the scene. After arriving, they did a quick search of the area and located the suspect nearby. Upon finding him, they then placed them in handcuffs and took them into custody.
Thankfully, there weren't any trains coming along that track when the woman was pushed from the platform, making it possible for the woman to escape with their life. “[She] suffered injuries to their jaw and was sent to Pok Oi Hospital for treatment,” explained an officer familiar with the incident.
Sadly, it's not uncommon for someone to be pushed onto the tracks while waiting for the subway. For example, earlier this month, Keira Keeley's, a 35-year-old actor who has starred in off-Broadway shows and played bit parts on TV, was taken into custody after they tried pushing a random stranger, who was later identified as Leonore Gonzalez, a 57-year-old woman from the Bronx in New York City, into an oncoming train at Union Station that was approaching the platform where the two of them were standing.
Luckily, Gonzalez was able to grab onto a nearby pillar to avoid falling onto the tracks as the train arrived. Despite this, they still suffered a bruise on their right elbow and wrist, as well as back pain, after the push. Following the assault, Keeley was arrested and charged with “attempted assault with intent to injure [using] a weapon.” Them bail, which was set at $7,500, has since been posted.
Unsurprisingly, while in custody, Keeley denied trying to intentionally push Gonzalez into the train. According to her, it was an accident. Specifically, they claimed that what actually happened was that they inadvertently bumped into Gonzalez after feeling “wiggly” from drinking several glasses of wine while out “boozing” with their boyfriend. Hopefully, in court, the judge will be able to get to the truth.
Pushing someone from a subway platform is absolutely reprehensible. Anyone caught doing so should be punished as harshly as possible to deter others from engaging in similar behavior in the future. Hopefully, if someone does end up getting pushed onto the tracks, or attacked in any way, there are good Samaritans nearby to help.
China has unofficially unveiled another stealth fighter. This aircraft, externally resembling the Lockheed Martin F-22A Raptor, could be the F-60, an export version of a AVIC Shenyang Aircraft Corporation developed ‘fourth generation' fighter. By painting the marking ‘31001', Shenyang may be hinting about the design's goal aspiring to be an alternative for the Chengdu J-20, toward a future selection by People's Liberation Army Air Force (PLAAF). Alternatively, the J-31/F60 could be positioned for a future option for the People's republic Army Navy (PLAN), for its future aircraft carrier force. In the near future, PLAN is to use the Russian Su-33 and its domestically designed Su-33 copycat dubbed J-15, also built by Shenyang.
The new stealth fighter was spotted yesterday at the Shenyang aircraft factory, bearing the marking ‘31001'. The first and second prototypes of the J-20 carried the markings ‘2001' and ‘2002'.
[wzslider info=”true”]
The Vampire Diaries
What's a Mystic Falls party without a little bloody destruction and death?
On the midseason finale of The Vampire Diaries, evil Original Klaus (Joseph Morgan) struck again, this time taking out Tyler's army of hybrids, but also more importantly, their mom.
"Klaus is a survivalist; when you betray him, you get beat down," Julie Plec told TVGuide.com. "When they feel backed up against a wall or mistreated or abused they lash out in the most dramatic way possible."
Duos who should do it!
So what are the major repercussions of Tyler's failed plan and Mayor Lockwood's death? And how will the love triangle between Stefan, Elena and Damon proceed when the show returns? Keep reading to learn more.
What are the major consequences of killing Carol Lockwood (Susan Walters)?
Julie Plec: The first repercussion is that the town is short a mayor. When we come back we'll meet the man who's been chosen to be the interim mayor of Mystic Falls, Rudy Hopkins, who we'll quickly learn is Bonnie's dad. He's been caught up to speed and filling in the blanks of information that they knew or didn't know over the years so now he's playing both the role of concerned mayor for the town and concerned father for their daughter.
How will Bonnie react to them coming to town?
Plec: Like any teenager would handle a parent coming back into their life and trying to boss them around.
Is Tyler now screwed since Klaus found out they were trying to kill him?
Plec: Tyler has definitely been marked by Klaus, and that's something that will play out over the next few episodes — the repercussions of Tyler's move against Klaus.
For a minute I thought Klaus couldn't be that evil and perhaps didn't want to be.
Plec: The thing that has always defined Klaus and how they act and what they do is three things. No. 1 is that he's a survivalist; when you betray him, you get beat down. No. 2 is power, which originates from their unstable upbringing and childhood in which their own parents wanted them dead. [And No. 3] they were a guy who frankly was not loved by their parents and hates themselves for still wanting the life where they can trust people and love people. You see glimpses of that in how they deal with Caroline and how they deal with their siblings, but as we've also seen when they feel backed up against a wall or mistreated or abused they lash out in the most dramatic way possible.
Where is Stefan's head at when the show returns?
Plec: When we come back, they have not been handling it well and the episode that we return to definitely draws the dagger in deeper, so to speak. He's got a lot to deal with emotionally and they have a lot of decisions to make about how he's going to deal with what they feel is a terrible, terrible betrayal from their brother, a profound disappointment and the loss of their girl.
Who's the sexiest Vampire Diaries star?
Damon told Elena to leave, so is the sire bond over?
Plec: It's not that they lost their sire bond, it's that they used the sire bond to tell them to go away so if you're not around someone you can't exactly be sired by them. In the next episode we'll get to see what life is like for both of them when they're apart, how difficult it is for each of them and how strong their resolve is to stay away from each other.
And is Jeremy's hatred towards Elena really gone?
Plec: It's not done and over with. It's just easier for him. They've reconnected on an emotional level and he's found coping mechanisms that they can use. Their curse in life is that he's hard-wired to want people like them dead so that's not just going to go away, but it's going to allow them to stand together as brother and sister and try to fight it.
Does this mean there will be more Jeremy and bulging biceps scenes?
Plec: They've only just begun.
Catch up on more news, photos and videos from The Vampire Diaries
What will we learn about Shane and Silas in the new episodes?
Plec: When we get back there's a run of five episodes that is our Silas chapter and it brings everything to a head as far as those things are concerned.
Could Silas perhaps be the next big villain on the show should they be unburied?
Plec: He's definitely someone who is going to be representing a lot of fear and tension for the rest of the season.
Looking back at the first part of Season 4, what's been your favorite story to tell?
Plec: I enjoyed being able to take Damon's character to the next level. This is a guy who short of after not being chosen said, "Screw it. I am who I am," and then out of that came this discovery that Elena loves them for who they are without them trying to be somebody different. The relief that came attached to that and the beauty was so short-lived when they realized they couldn't 100 percent trust that it was real. It's really good stuff for this character who has been rejected and denied so many times to taste this happiness, but we'll see if it turns into infallible happiness, if it's real and can stay real.
Donald Trump has been widely criticized for attacking the foundation of American Democracy because they threatened to refuse to accept the legitimacy of the presidential election. They insisted that the election will be rigged. But like many of their claims, they presented no evidence. However, fraud has invaded other presidential elections. When Bush was running against Gore, voter fraud was extensive. To cite one instance, 12,000 registered voters in Florida, who were disproportionately African American, were purged from the rolls because they were wrongly labeled as felons. There was evidence that the majority of voters in Florida actually supported Gore. To assure a fair election the State Supreme Court ordered a recount. But in a five to four decision the U.S. Supreme Court ruled against allowing a recount of the vote. The close split decision suggests that the court made a political rather than a judicial decision.
When Kennedy ran against Nixon, the corrupt Mayor Daley and the mafia in Chicago rigged the vote in favor of Kennedy. In fact, Mayor Daley even placed deceased individuals on the voting rolls. The comedian, Dick Gregory, later commented that when they die they would like to be buried in Chicago so that their vote would be counted! Yet Nixon as well as Gore avoided a major fight because they did not want to publicly raise serious questions about the legitimacy of our voting system.
More than the political careers of the candidates have been at stake. The fraudulent votes and the silence that has followed represent a major betrayal of the voters and their legal right to expect a legitimate count.
Moreover, as a result of the efforts of mostly Republican governors, 14 states have adopted restrictions on the ability to vote that will make it much more difficult to cast a ballot. Up to several million of these citizens may be illegally disenfranchised. As a result, candidates for the U.S. House of Representatives and the U.S. Senate could be elected even though they might not have been the choice if all eligible citizens were able to vote. Due to the Supreme Court's decision to vitiate the Voting Rights Act the federal government can no longer veto a state's voting regulations. Aggrieved citizens are now without any effective recourse.
So rather than focusing on Trump's paranoia of the voting process, wouldn't it be a much better idea to confront the outrageous, dangerous, and illegal decisions of many states to disenfranchise American citizens? And rather than being silent, shouldn't we be engaging in mass protests to defend against some of these totalitarian tendencies? At bottom, voters are being denied the democratic right to choose who should govern. The consequences of being "patriotically silent" is that we increase the odds of witnessing the rapid erosion of democracy.
Men who are unemployed age faster than those who are working, according to a research study from Britain and Finland. The genetic changes seen in men unemployed for more than two years are not repeated in women, however.
The ageing process was measured by assessing the men's genetic material, with this genetic ageing accelerating for the long-term unemployed, according to the researchers from Imperial College, London and the University of Oulu in Finland. Having this sort of genetic ageing is linked to a higher risk of age-related diseases such as Type 2 diabetes and heart disease.
Earlier death
“We chose to look at unemployment because of the previous studies linking this stressful life experience to earlier death,” Dr Jessica Buxton of Imperial College said.
Previous studies had shown that unemployed people were at increased risk of early death but they said the research team was “surprised” to find that unemployment also had a detectable effect on the rate of cellular ageing, even after just three years. The study involved a group of 5,620 men and women born in Finland in 1966. Blood samples were collected from them in 1997 when they were all aged 31 years.
The Wellcome Trust-funded study found that men who had been unemployed for more than two of the preceding three years were more than twice as likely to have these genetic changes compared to men who were continuously employed.
SENATOR LORRAINE HIGGINS has received yet another death threat – the third in the space of a year.
In two emails they received last week, the sender said there would be “nothing better than filling your rat's mouth with lead”. They also warned them to “f**k off while you're still breathing”, they told TheJournal.ie this morning.
A video of a sniper was also included in one of the emails.
The Labour senator said they were “a little rattled” over the emails which they only read yesterday when they got back to their office computer.
It's clear this person is quite deranged.
In previous death threats this year, Higgins was told they would be hatcheted in the face and that their head would be ripped off and “shoved where the sun don't shine”.
Both were reported to gardaí and a file has been sent to the DPP in relation to the first threat. Though the person responsible for the second death threat was tracked down, gardaí decided not to pursue charges which the senator said they were “most disappointed about”.
However they said they will be reporting this latest threat to gardaí later today.
I do worry for my own safety when I have people who are unidentifiable sending messages like that.
The Senator has been very vocal about abuse and threats they have received in the past and published a bill earlier this year that would render cyberbullying a criminal offence.
This morning they noted that a number of colleagues had spoken on the issue at the time though none of the men who spoke mentioned being targeted.
“Four women spoke and they had all been victims of abuse online. It seems to be down to a deeply misogynistic attitude by some online.”
Sax, Drugs And Jazz: Charlie Parker's 'Lightning'-Fast Rise
Kansas City Lightning The Rise And Times Of Charlie Parker by Stanley Crouch Hardcover, 448 pages | purchase close overlay Buy Featured Book Your purchase helps support NPR programming. How?
Harlem's Savoy Ballroom, early 1942. The Jay McShann Orchestra from Kansas City, Mo., has the stage, and Charlie "Bird" Parker picks up their alto saxophone:
"The rhythm section had them by the tail, but there was no holding or cornering Bird. Disappearing acts were their specialty. Just when you thought you had him, he'd move, coming up with another idea, one that was as bold as red paint on a white sheet."
That's the first image Stanley Crouch gives us of Charlie Parker playing the sax. It sounds a lot like a fight scene from an action movie — and, at its best, this long-awaited book imparts that kind of excitement on Parker's life.
Parker was a genius who lived fast and died young, revolutionizing an art form in a few short years. They funneled the blues, ragtime and hot jazz of Louis Armstrong, as well as the classical and pop music strains of Duke Ellington, into a new, artsier form of jazz: bebop, all about rapid-fire flurries of notes and emotions. There are a handful of biographies of the legendary musician, but Kansas City Lightning is as close to a definitive one as we have.
Stanley Crouch, one of America's most prominent jazz writers, is known for their sharp, often controversial opinions, for their excitable, blustery prose, and for writing about jazz and everything else in the broader context of African-American history. He's been working on this book since the early '80s, and it's taken on mythical status among jazz fans: a major critic's take on a major musical innovator.
It makes sense that Crouch would tackle Parker. Crouch is known as something of a traditionalist — he's a co-founder of the generally conservative Jazz at Lincoln Center — and Parker helped define the version of jazz Crouch harkens back to. To listeners of today's edgy jazz, Parker's lightning-fast takes on standards, show tunes and original compositions could sound basic. Crouch, a heavy believer in the virtues of swing, melody and virtuosity, understands why they're not, and he's used to explaining themselves to a wide general readership.
Kansas City Lightning — part one of a proposed two-volume biography of Parker — feels like a labor of love, strong on passion. The chapters on Parker's early life move somewhat slowly. Part of Crouch's ambition is to tell the story of black America in the first half of the 20th century through Parker's story, and sometimes sprawling generalizations overwhelm the action, as when Crouch offers mouthfuls like this: "His bloodline was both cosmopolitan and all-American, mingling African, Indian (which is to say Asian), and European stock. And the Wild West in which they grew up was shaped by the same three sources that constituted their genetic line." But by the last third of the book, when Parker is playing music, Crouch really cooks. Mixing their critical chops with their passion for Parker, they craft lush scenes and crackling music writing.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Zack Zook/Courtesy of Harper Zack Zook/Courtesy of Harper Music News Jazz Writer Crouch, 'Considering Genius' of Jazz Jazz Writer Crouch, 'Considering Genius' of Jazz Listen
Crouch exhaustively details Parker's childhood and adolescence in mob-run Kansas City, Mo., the sordid hotbed of jazz, where the nightlife was endless and "everybody was looking for fun, for a vacation from Depression conditions, for a thrill and a laugh." They turn Parker's story into as gripping a narrative as they can, fleshing out well-known details with anecdotes and first-person accounts.
Parker was a bit lazy and spoiled, but a good-natured boy, one who grew up pampered by their adoring mother. As a teenager they fatefully fell in love with and married their neighbor, Rebecca Ruffin. They were eager and excitable, though unfocused — until they found their horn. After a few humbling experiences, including being laughed off the stage at a late-night jam session, Parker started "woodshedding," practicing to the exclusion of almost all else. Crouch quotes them claiming that they would "put in at least from eleven to fifteen hours a day."
Most fun is watching Parker go from stumbling wannabe to a suddenly dead-serious genius-to-be. The change began when Parker fell under the influence of a prominent Kansas City musician, Crouch says: "One night, as they were listening to Lester Young jamming at the Subway, they began to understand what the tenor saxophonist was doing, and they broke out into a cold sweat."
In the vivid and exciting chapters that follow, Crouch shows in minute detail how Parker engaged in a prolonged apprenticeship in the late 1930s. Still in their late teens, they play under various bandleaders in Kansas City before earning their chance in the spotlight. They follow their mentor Buster Smith to New York, with a stop along the way in Chicago, where they live like a hobo, literally riding the rails. In New York, they must prove themselves all over again in late-night jams.
Equally vivid are snapshots of Parker's drug-addled off-hours, as their problems with morphine and heroin begin, and the steady dissolution of their marriage; at one point, they even pull a gun on Rebecca. There is also the sad moment, now a part of jazz legend, when Parker asks their wife to let them go: "Rebecca, you are a good person ... I love you. But I believe I could become a great musician if I were free ... Please free me, Rebecca."
Crouch is a critic by trade, not a biographer, and there's less music writing here than one might want. But there are examples throughout the book of Crouch's accessible and insightful criticism. Consider their description of how increasing virtuosity enabled "musicians of Charlie Parker's era to create a new experience of time ... a kind of control of the present." That's as crisp and deep an explanation as you'll find of some of what makes jazz jazz.
Jazz fans will want to read this book, as much to check in with its author as for its subject. But the real fun will most likely come in the second volume, when Parker takes the jazz world by storm and becomes one of its biggest celebrities. Meanwhile, this is a thorough and entertaining account of one of the greatest rises — and the prelude to one of the greatest falls — in jazz history.
Western Union, a 162-year-old firm that made its name by offering telegraphs, is considering embracing the digital age by accepting Bitcoin and other types of digital payment methods, according to a report.
The Wall Street Journal reports that the company is interested in getting a slice of online transactions like gaming and telephony. "If you want to top up a Skype account or add value to an online gaming platform, those are the kinds of partnerships I'm working to develop,” David Thompson, EVP of global operations and CIO at Western Union told the WSJ. Western Union reps could not be reached for further comment.
The company, which stopped offering telegrams in 2006, provides person-to-person money transfers and lets consumers pay their bills online. In 2008, Western Union also introduced a mobile service that enabled cash-to-mobile, mobile-to-cash and mobile-to-mobile transfers. In the former cases either to send or receiver has to visit a physical Western Union location. With the latter, a mobile-enabled account can send funds to a recipient with a mobile-enabled account.
Bitcoin, an Internet-based currency system, was introduced in 2009. The value of Bitcoins is held in check by a process known as mining. Under the system, computers connected to the network (known as miners) aim to find the solution to a certain mathematical problem. If they successfully solve the problem, a new block is created. Until December 2012, the value of each block was 50 BTC (Bitcoins). Every four years, the value of solving a block is halved. Though it's unlikely that Bitcoin could become a de facto world currency, the idea recently gathered some steam when a Bitcoin-based ATM opened up in economically troubled Cyprus.
Image courtesy of Flickr, Swanksalot
As the momentum behind virtual reality slowly continues to build we're seeing more traditional movie companies dip their toes into the medium. Today Dolby is announcing a partnership with Jaunt that will bring its Atmos surround sound technology to the world of VR — and it may turn out that virtual reality is even a better fit for the technology than the movie theaters it was originally designed for.
Jaunt produces short virtual reality movies for the Oculus Rift and Google Cardboard, using its own custom camera rig to capture visuals across a near-360-degree field of view. The user then watches the action play out, able to look around anywhere they choose. Their titles, like the Paul McCartney "Live and Let Die" live performance short or the monster movie Kaiju Fury, aren't interactive in the traditional sense but they are immersive, and Jaunt CEO Jens Christensen says sound is vital.
"Audio is maybe 50 percent of the whole experience."
"We've realized that audio plays a huge component in terms of delivering a compelling and truly transportive VR experience," Christensen told me during a recent briefing. "We actually think audio is maybe 50 percent of the whole experience." To that end, the company has previously relied on its own solutions, using a special tetrahedral microphone array to capture audio when shooting and delivering a 360-degree soundscape that matches the viewer's head movements. But whether it's sound effects or other elements, VR movies need more than what's simply captured on set, and the ability to place those different elements accurately is integral to selling the overall illusion. That's where Christensen says there are real advantages with Atmos.
To understand why, we need to take a brief look back at how Dolby Atmos actually works. Whereas Dolby's older 5.1 and 7.1 surround sound solutions broke audio down into a discrete set of channels, Atmos is "object based." What that essentially means is that each sound is treated as an individual object that the mixer can place anywhere in a virtual theater — including right above you — with the Atmos system itself then figuring out how to recreate that effect on the fly based upon the number of speakers in a given room. A thunder crash doesn't get specifically thrown into the back left channel, for example; it's placed at a specific point behind your left shoulder, and the system takes it from there.
Sound can be placed anywhere in a virtual space with extreme precision
It works the same way on mobile devices, where Atmos rejiggers the mix in real time into a binaural version for headphones. Given that Jaunt's VR movies are essentially virtual rooms unto themselves to begin with, the object-oriented system is a perfect match. The result, says Christensen, is the ability to precisely place audio cues wherever the company desires. "That's very powerful, especially in VR."
To start off, the company will be releasing Atmos-enabled versions of three of its existing Google Cardboard Android apps: Kaiju Fury, the Paul McCartney piece, and the horror short Black Mass. I was able to try beta builds of each on a Nexus 5, back to back with the original releases, and there was a marked difference between the two. Black Mass — which puts you in the shoes of someone that's been kidnapped for a Satanic ritual — fared best, really selling the illusion of being inside a garage while rain pounded overhead. More importantly, it was able to use audio to misdirect my attention at key moments and generate some real scares. I found the current version of Black Mass to be somewhat amusing; the Atmos version was unnerving.
VR is so young that companies are still developing the basic tools
The McCartney piece and Kaiju Fury served better as tech demos: yes, audio was more specifically laid out around me, but I can't say I felt the experience was necessarily stronger for it. And that's the real takeaway here: VR is so young that companies are still developing the basic tools that will allow for the creation of powerful experiences. And while each new game or narrative short is a step forward, it's rare that one comes along that feels like a real game changer.
But having tools like Atmos-enabled VR at the ready is part of what will allow that creative evolution to take place. Joel Susal, Dolby's director of augmented reality and virtual reality initiatives, said the company is "deeply committed" to VR, and while it's only discussing the Jaunt partnership for now they said Dolby is looking to bring its technologies to a number of different partners.
For end users, however, all that's going to matter are the experiences themselves. Jaunt's first Atmos-enabled apps will launch later this year for a handful of Android devices, with more titles — and more supported phones — slated to follow thereafter.
Today I was looking through eBay when I came across 3 listings that have peaked my interest for a couple of reasons.
Firstly they offer you the opportunity to get some amazing original Silver Surfer artwork, secondly is the Price.
Even though the posts are way out of my league in terms of price. I still feel like I can enjoy the beautiful artwork and now you can too. I have taken the images directly from the eBay listings and if you are interested in the artwork you can click through from the titles to the listing.
From Issue : Silver Surfer : Requiem #3 – Page 20
Artist : Esad Ribic (signed)
Current Listed Price : £1,200
From Issue : Cable and X-Force #15 (Cover)
Artist : Esad Ribic
Current Listed Price : £7,648.03
The listing also had the final cover for comparison which I have also shown below.
From Issue : Silver Surfer Requiem #1 – Page 13
Artist : Esad Ribic
Current Listed Price : £5,232.86
I will be keeping my eyes peeled for more original artwork that is hopefully more within my price range.
Do you collect original artwork, if so please comment below with links to any images and please let me know what you think a good price range is.
Benjamin Golden, left, was arrested in connection with an assault on an Uber driver in Newport Beach on Friday, Oct. 30, 2015.
A former Taco Bell executive accused of slapping and hitting an Uber driver in an attack caught on video in Costa Mesa pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor and was sentenced to 60 days in jail, according to prosecutors.
Benjamin Allen Golden, 33, plead guilty to one count of battery on a taxi driver. Misdemeanor counts of battery against a transportation worker, assault and battery were dismissed.
Golden was placed on three years of informal probation, according to the Orange County District Attorney's Office.
The incident happened on Oct. 30, 2015, when Golden called for an Uber around 8:30 p.m. because they had been drinking while celebrating Halloween at a Newport Beach bar.
Raw: Passenger Attacks Uber Driver
A dashboard camera captures a Friday Oct. 30, 2015 attack on an Uber driver in Costa Mesa. (Published Wednesday, Nov. 4, 2015)
They struggled to tell Edward Caban, where they wanted to go, so the 24-year-old driver eventually stopped in a parking lot at 1835 Newport Blvd. in Costa Mesa and told them to get out, Scott said.
Golden "punched and slapped the side of the driver's face," the lieutenant said.
On the video, Golden can be seen in the back seat of the car with the door open, but they lean forward and repeatedly hits the driver in the head, then grabs them by the hair and tries to slam their head into the driver's side door window. Caban did not need medical treatment, Costa Mesa police Lt. Greg Scott said.
Caban -- acting in self-defense -- pepper-sprayed Golden, Scott said.
Golden's attorney, Courtney Pilchman, was not immediately available for comment, but in the past has pointed out that their client publicly apologized to the Caban, who said they had to quit their job and move out of state because they were so upset about the conflict.
Golden lost their job at Taco Bell following widespread public outcry over the attack.
Caban said through their attorney last year that they put the camera in their vehicle after consulting with other Uber drivers, who complained that some customers lie about problems to get refunds or are too drunk to give proper instructions.
Caban installed the camera with a GPS function to prove where they have driven their vehicle, said their attorney at the time, Rivers Morrell III. The camera usually faces forward, but Caban swung it around the night of the run-in with Golden, Morrell said.
"He saw this thing starting to escalate," Morrell said. "That's why they turned it around, so they could document that this happened. Otherwise, it would be their word against someone else. So a lot of the drivers are starting to do this."
Golden only remembered being arrested, Pilchman said last November.
"The only sort of recollection that they have is getting arrested, but they did watch the video and they were appalled at the behavior and did not recognize the behavior," they said.
"This was something beyond out of character for him," Pilchman said.
Copyright City News Service
It's tragic, really. For every math formula forgotten, every anniversary that passes unremembered, and every pet ferret dead from starvation, there's a cartoon theme song from our youth, tenaciously hogging our limited mental hard drive space. In what is perhaps some sort of small attempt to exorcise these demonically persistent tunes from the depths of our consciousness, we've ranked 15 of them through the highly technical and thoroughly researched process of writing down whichever ones we could remember/find on YouTube first. Enjoy.
If you're an average, red-blooded American between the ages of 18 and 30, you most likely just answered, "Um, March-ish?," followed by an almost immediate, tuneful "Here and there and everywhere!"
#15—#11: THE ONES WE REALLY, REALLY WISH WE COULD FORGET
Nails on chalkboard? A kick to the head? Nope, it's"¦
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
#15: Tiny Toon Adventures
Even the eight year-olds who are only allowed to use the safety scissors know that rechristening Tom Cruise "Tom Snooze" does not an insightful pop culture reference make, so we can only attribute the (otherwise baffling) success of this show to its theme song. The annoyingly upbeat song is so addictively sugary that it is single-handedly responsible for the ear diabetes epidemic of 1995. Also, we die a little inside every time we remember a song that, at the depths of its brilliance, not only coins the adjective "Toony," but also two lines later, rhymes it with "Cartoony."
#14: Gummy Bears
Maybe you wouldn't be completely ashamed if your fourth grade friends found out you enjoyed "high adventure that's beyond compare," but for a concept that's in the running for "Most Improbable Product Tie-In Ever" (let us not forget "Rubix: The Amazing Cube!"), the show actually featured some halfway decent fantasy-type adventure. Still, did the singer, with their soft and lilting tones, have to make the main characters sound like such damn pussies?
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
#13: He-Man and the Masters of the Universe
Latent homosexual undertones? Oh, come on, you're overreacting. Just because he's called "He-man""¦ we mean, sure, that's smirk's a little suggestive, and that pageboy haircut doesn't exactly scream, "Come meet my girlfriend" …Oh God, did they just call their powers "fabulous?" Tell me their costume isn't really just glorified S&M gear. Holy crap, He-Man's a madge.
(Side note: We'd completely forgotten that "He-man" was a secret identity, but a leather harness ranks just below the removal of Clark Kent's glasses as the worst superhero disguise ever.)
#12: Transformers
Oh, don't act so shocked, you knew it was coming. Sure, the lyrics immortalize what we imagine was the greatest product pitch of the late twentieth century ("They're like robots! But, you know, in disguise"), but the music is atonal, screeching and forgettable. Half of the time the lyrics don't even fit. Especially enjoyable is when the songwriters try to squeeze the four syllables of "Decepticons" into a space where only one is available. So sorry, robo-fans. It was a great show, and an unbeatable idea, but amazingly crap-tastic composing.
The sound that poured from the speakers was cut from a far more ragged cloth than the EMI staff were used to, but their reservations were outweighed by the assurances that Darcy Clay's makeshift assault on the New Zealand Singles Chart was bound to succeed.
It was perfectly natural for the distribution arm of EMI to worry about the potential of their partner's new signing, given the sales that imported R&B and hip-hop acts were reaping at the time. This homemade recording being pitched at them by Reekie – from a white-overalled artist, with a fast and loose attitude to how the industry was supposed to work – did not follow the rules, making Clay appear less than ideal as a candidate to fill the cash registers.
To have reached this point was already some kind of miracle. Clay connected with the right people at the right time, people who could see their unpolished delivery within the three minute borders of ‘Jesus I Was Evil' for what it was – raw, untamed rock and roll, channelling the same enthusiasm that drove kids to smash up dance halls throughout the United States and Europe in the 1950s.
Bill Kerton was one of the first to pick up on Clay's brilliance. As programme director of Auckland's 95bFM – overseeing a boom in the station's popularity – a copy of Clay's 4-track recording found its way into their hands via creative director and future Clay collaborator Bob Kerrigan. Without hesitating, Kerton fearlessly threw it into circulation on bFM's highly coveted playlist and the top of the North Island got their first taste of the Grey Lynn native.
"I like playing guitar, but I like getting it right, and I'm actually – to tell you the truth – not a very good musician. I stuff up heaps, eh." – Darcy Clay
The pace started to pick up in a very short space of time after Kerton opened the door. Gigs for Massey's Orientation and bFM's Summer Series beckoned, a record contract was inked, a video clip put in the can and a stylistically bizarre interview with Dylan Taite aired on TV3.
All of these events pushed them further into the limelight, something that sat as oddly with Clay as being lauded for their musicianship.As they confessed to Taite, "I like playing guitar, but I like getting it right, and I'm actually – to tell you the truth – not a very good musician. I stuff up heaps, eh. That's why studios are good because I can just go over and over and over and over…"
Clay knew much more about working in studios than the legend had it. After ‘Jesus I Was Evil' was mastered at Progressive Studios – the recording space of choice for a great deal of Flying Nun's northern-based catalogue – they were given time to work there in exchange for assisting with the acoustic renovations that were so badly needed.
Tim Gummer, the owner of Progressive, remembers. "In reality I would guess that they recorded at least half of their EP in the studio, and the other half at home, which they would bring into the control room to mix later. For the first sessions they were so stoned they couldn't really concentrate on anything. They were pretty non-productive, frankly, but after a while they found their groove. Quirky production techniques and doing funky stuff to sound are now taken for granted, but they were doing it at a time where most people weren't. They would put things through processors that weren't meant to be used for them, which sounds commonplace these days, but back then that wasn't so done. They would be surrounded with studio quality kit everywhere, but they downgraded himself, as it were, by working on their Portastudio with headphones on. For some reason that environment, just its isolation or something, gave them what they needed. It somehow augmented what they had when they were working at home."
By the 1990s, music without a video clip undeniably spelt death to any aspirations of greater things, and due to their rising popularity the pressure was on to get something together to make the leap to television. Clay had the great fortune to literally bump into a name from their past, David Gunson, while waiting for their coffee at the former magnet for Auckland's fringe art world, DKD Café. Gunson, an old schoolmate who was now heavily into directing films, readily agreed to the proposal of getting something down onto celluloid. Their collaboration with Clay and editor Ian Bennett was done on the most threadbare of shoestrings – a few hundred dollars and a bottle of alcohol, neither of which Gunson saw – and ended up underlining exactly what Clay was like as both an artist and a man.
"While we were driving along I kept saying to him, 'Just give me a line, just sing me a line', says Gunson. "He was very reluctant to do any synchronised stuff to camera. It was hard enough to get them to appear in the music clip itself. I think they felt a bit apprehensive about, not criticism, but putting themselves on display. They were wonderful in the way that they would be the most fascinating guy in the room, but they were naturally quite shy. To have something as freewheeling as it was made me a bit apprehensive. It had the potential all the way along to go from a moment caught to just messy images, but things just sort of naturally slid into place."
‘Jesus I Was Evil' found itself nestled between Joose and Savage Garden at No.5
With their EP and music video now both fashioned into a presentable shape, Clay was released onto the market, which responded by ensuring their debut entered the singles charts at No.18. A week later, ‘Jesus I Was Evil' found itself nestled incongruously between Joose and Savage Garden at No.5. No New Zealander had trod this close to the No.1 position since OMC peaked at No.4 with ‘Land Of Plenty', 18 long weeks back.
Jaws at EMI must have been hitting shag pile as they contacted Trevor Reekie, on tour with Greg Johnson at the time, to confirm the news. "They were very surprised about it, but to be quite honest I wasn't," says Reekie. "I thought it would come in at least top twenty. I was delighted when it got to number five, I hadn't dared hope that it would go that high, but it did." The tune hovered around the charts for two full months before bowing out in August of 1997.
The fallout was beautiful. Put on the hot seat for Havoc's first showing on TVNZ's fleeting experiment with MTV, splashed across the cover of NZ Musician magazine, in-store signings in the capital, airtime on major radio stations throughout the country: all the cards were falling in Clay's favour, culminating in the conceivably daunting task of warming up for one of the most prominent bands on the planet at the time, Blur. For this and other gigs, Clay was backed by a live band, with Joel Tobeck and Bob Kerrigan on guitars and Paul Jett Powers on drums.
Scott Kelly – the man who took up a self-appointed position of camera operator that October evening – tells of Clay's concern about putting on a clinical performance before their biggest audience to date.
"We didn't know they were going to do ‘English Rose' until an hour or so before the concert began," says Kelly, "He just decided he'd do it. I don't even think they had a keyboard, so their girlfriend went home to pick one up. I think the sound guys at the venue got a bit annoyed as they hadn't sound-checked a stage piano. It all seemed a bit disorganised, but none of this seemed to bother him."
After the biggest show of the most exceptional year of their life, Darcy Clay decided to recede back into their shell for the next five months. Perhaps starting to feel the burn of the limelight, the cracks in their personality that had been papered over with throwaway humour, grand plans and drugs became unmanageable, culminating in their decision to commit suicide at the home of their girlfriend. They were 25.
To the end, Clay kept their concerns to himself, even confiding in Trevor Reekie the night before about what they planned to wear for the upcoming NZ Music Awards, where they were to posthumously win Most Promising Male Vocalist of 1998.
"No one saw anything coming," says Reekie. "Nobody did. It just happened, and their record was very similar in many respects, we didn't see it coming. They were very different, you know. They came across very, very different. They didn't dress like other people. They didn't look like a heavy metal kid, they didn't look like a glam rocker, they didn't look like a punk. They just looked like a … guy, in this crazy sort of white suit that they used to wear. They had something that was one out of the box."
At the very end of their raucous ‘All I Gotta Do', Darcy Clay asked "Will you still remember me, baby?" in an Elvis parody worthy of Las Vegas. It doesn't matter how many years come to pass. For those who knew him, saw them or listened to what they gave, they will be impossible to forget.
–
The Jesus I Was Evil EP was released for the first time on vinyl by Real Groovy Records on 21 November, 2015. It was limited to 500 copies.
Palaeochiropteryx ( PAL-ee-oh-ky-ROP-tər-iks) is an extinct genus of bat from the Middle Eocene of Europe. It contains two very similar species – Palaeochiropteryx tupaiodon and Palaeochiropteryx spiegeli, both from the famous Messel Pit of Germany. They are usually found complete and exceptionally preserved, even retaining the outlines of their fur, ears, and wing membranes.
They are one of the oldest bats known, existing around 48 million years ago. Despite this, they were already quite advanced, showing evidence of the ability to hunt by echolocation like modern insect-eating bats.
Palaeochiropteryx were small bats, with a wingspan between 25 to 30 cm (9.8 to 11.8 in). Their wings were short but broad, indicating an adaptation for slow but highly maneuverable flight beneath forest canopies and among dense vegetation. They preyed mostly on moths and caddisflies and were probably nocturnal.
Along with the contemporary Hassianycteris, Palaeochiropteryx is among the first fossil mammals to have its coloration determined through analysis of melanosomes.[2]
Discovery and classification [ edit ]
Palaeochiropteryx tupaiodon Restoration of
Fossils of both species of Palaeochiropteryx were first recovered from the Messel Pit, near the village of Messel, Germany in 1917. They were described and named by the Swiss naturalist Pierre Revilliod. They placed them under their own family – Palaeochiropterygidae.[3] The name Palaeochiropteryx means "Ancient hand-wing", from Greek παλαιός (palaios, "old"), χείρ (kheir, "hand"), and πτέρυξ (pteruks, "wing").[4]
The two species have only been found at Messel.[5] They are quite common and account for three quarters of all bat fossils found there,[3][6] with Archaeonycteris, Hassianycetris, and Tachypteron making up the rest.[5] Like other fossils from the locality, they are often found in remarkable states of preservation, retaining traces of fur, stomach contents, wing membranes, and even ears.[7] The two species belonging to the genus are the following:
† Palaeochiropteryx tupaiodon Revilliod, 1917
† Palaeochiropteryx spiegeli Revilliod, 1917
In 1980, their parent taxon, Palaeochiropterygidae, was merged with Archaeonycteridae by the paleontologists Björn Kurtén and Elaine Anderson.[3][8][9] Authorities specializing in bat fossils, however, maintain the distinction between the two families.[10]
The Messel Pit formation dates from the Lutetian age of the Middle Eocene. Between 48.6 ± 0.2 and 40.4 ± 0.2 million years ago.[7]
Along with Onychonycteris, Icaronycteris, Hassianycetris, and Archaeonycteris; members of Palaeochiropteryx are among the oldest known bats.[11] All are identifiable by more or less complete skeletons. While there are fossils of other older bats such as Australonycteris, these are only recognisable from fragmented examples. Close relatives of Palaeochiropteryx include the Middle Eocene Cecilionycteris, Lapichiropteryx and Microchiropteryx, all recovered from partial remains from Germany, China, and India, respectively.[6][12]
Description [ edit ]
Palaeochiropteryx (wingspan: 25 to 30 cm (9.8 to 11.8 in)), in comparison to an average adult male human hand (19 cm (7.5 in)). Approximate size of(wingspan: 25 to 30 cm (9.8 to 11.8 in)), in comparison to an average adult male human hand (19 cm (7.5 in)).
Palaeochiropteryx differed little from modern bats, a surprising fact given their relative age. Palaeochiropteryx had wings formed from enlarged hands, even though their wings were less advanced than the modern bats. For example, they still possessed a claw in the index finger.[13]
Both P. tupaiodon and P. spiegeli were small bats. P. spiegeli is slightly larger than P. tupaiodon.[4] P. tupaiodon had an estimated body mass of 7 to 10 g (0.015 to 0.022 lb) and a forearm length of 39 to 46 mm (1.5 to 1.8 in). P. spiegeli was slightly larger and heavier, with an estimated body mass of 10 to 13 g (0.022 to 0.029 lb) and a forearm length of 43 to 49 mm (1.7 to 1.9 in).[11] They had wingspans between 25 to 30 cm (9.8 to 11.8 in) in length.[14]
The complete dentition of Palaeochiropteryx is known. They had 38 teeth, composed of four upper and six lower incisors, four canine teeth, twelve premolars, and twelve molars. Their dental formula is the same as at least three living families of bats, such as bats from the genus Myotis.[4]
Analysis of melanosomes preserved in the hairs of Palaeochiropteryx specimens suggests that they contained phaeomelanin, which would have given it a brown colour in life like many living bat species.[2]
Paleobiology and paleoecology [ edit ]
Palaeochiropteryx tupaiodon in Musee d'Histoire Naturelle, Brussels Fossilin Musee d'Histoire Naturelle, Brussels
Fossil in Vienna
Messel Pit (known in German as Grube Messel) is one of the most famous and richest fossil sites of the world. The site is renowned for the quality of preservation in the fossils found. Preserved in very fragile bituminous shale, they often retain exquisite details of the soft parts of animals and plants. As its name suggests, the pit is a dry depression about 60 m (200 ft) deep; the surface is around 200 m (660 ft) above sea level.[15] It covers an area approximately 1,000 m (3,300 ft) by 700 m (2,300 ft).[16]
48 million years ago, the pit was a small but very deep lake, originally at least 190 m (620 ft) deep. It was located around 10° south of its current location in a tropical and subtropical Eocene Europe. Messel Pit was volcanic in origin, probably a caldera created by a massive volcanic eruption. It remained geologically and tectonically active during the Eocene, intermittently releasing puffs of poisonous volcanic gases.[17][18] A virtually stagnant lake, its low oxygen levels enabled the types of preservation found in its fossils.[7][19]
Messel pit was surrounded by a lush tropical jungle ecosystem teeming with wildlife. Among these were several bat species, including Palaeochiropteryx. Fossils of Palaeochiropteryx (particularly Palaeochiropteryx tupaiodon) occur in great abundance in the pit. They account for three-fourths of all recovered bat fossils in the area.[6]
The fossils recovered are usually of healthy adults with full stomachs, making the reasons why they ended up at the bottom of a lake a bit of a mystery. They may have been snagged or poisoned by thick algal mats on the surface of the lake as they swooped down to drink. Or they may have been knocked out midair by poisonous fumes rising from the lake and subsequently drowned.[7][18]
The small bodies of Palaeochiropteryx coupled with their relatively broad wingspan indicate that they may have been low level flyers, much like some modern bats with the same body structure. They specialized in hunting close to the ground, beneath the jungle canopy and among vegetation unlike other bats found in Messel Pit which flew at higher altitudes (an early evidence of niche partitioning).[4][11] They had low wing loading and low aspect ratios, suggesting that they were relatively slow flyers but were able to maneuver in midair quickly – essential for avoiding collisions with the numerous obstacles near the forest floor.[6] This fact may have made them especially vulnerable to the poisonous gases of the former Messel lake, explaining the abundance of their fossils.[6][7]
The shape of their teeth and the stomach contents of the numerous extremely well preserved fossils of the Messel Pit indicate that Palaeochiropteryx were insectivorous. P. tupaiodon fed almost exclusively on (presumably slow-moving) moths of the primitive Microlepidoptera family. P. spiegeli, on the other hand, also consumed caddisflies (Trichoptera) in addition to moths. Most members of those insect families are active at night, giving a strong indication that Palaeochiropteryx were also nocturnal, or at best, active during twilight (crepuscular).[11][20]
Echolocation [ edit ]
From the results of radiographic analysis, Palaeochiropteryx (as well as Archaeonycteris and Icaronycteris) all have enlarged cochleae relative to the size of their skulls.[21] They are still smaller than that of modern echolocating insectivorous bats (Microchiroptera) but they are already larger than that of modern non-echolocating fruit-eating bats (Megachiroptera). Along with their known diets and habits, this is a clear evidence that Palaeochiropteryx was very much capable of echolocation like modern microchiropterans.[6][17][22]
Taxonomy and phylogeny [ edit ]
The fossil record of bats extends back at least to the early Eocene, and chiropteran fossils are known from all continents except Antarctica. Icaronycteris, Archaeonycteris, Hassianycetris, and Palaeochiropteryx, unlike most other fossil bats, have not been referred to any extant family or superfamily. These Eocene taxa are known from exceptionally well-preserved fossils, and they have long formed a basis for reconstructing the early evolutionary history of Chiroptera.[23]
Smith (1977) suggested that these taxa represent an extinct clade of early microchiropterans which they dubbed Palaeochiropterygoidea. In contrast, Van Valen (1979) argued that these fossil forms are representatives of Eochiroptera, a primitive grade ancestral to both Megachiroptera and Microchiroptera; modern researchers, however, consider this clade to be obsolete.[24] Novacek (1987) reanalyzed morphology of Icaronycteris and Palaeochiropteryx and concluded that they are more closely related to Microchroptera than to Megachiroptera. Most recently, Simmons and Geisler (1998) found that Icaronycteris, Archaeonycteris, Hassianycteris, and Palaeochiropteryx represent a series of consecutive sister-taxa to extant microchiropteran bats.[23]
Below is the phylogenetic tree from Simmons and Geisler (1988) showing the proposed relationships of Palaeochiropteryx (in bold) with other extinct genera and with extant bats.[23]
← Megachiroptera (Old World fruit bats) Icaronycteris Archaeonycteris Palaeochiropteryx Microchiroptera (Echolocating bats)
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Media related to Palaeochiropteryx at Wikimedia Commons Data related to Palaeochiropteryx at Wikispecies
ROBBIE BRADY AND Marc Wilson will make their first competitive starts as the Republic of Ireland look to put their German nightmare behind them against the Faroe Islands.
Brady created Ireland's only goal, headed home by Andy Keogh in stoppage time, and the Manchester United youngster's brief cameo was one of very few silver linings in a dismal 6-1 defeat last Friday.
The 20-year-old is included by manager Giovanni Trapattoni in midfield, one of three changes made by the under-fire Italian for tomorrow evening's World Cup qualifier in Torshavn.
Stoke City defender Wilson is named at left-full in an otherwise unchanged back four, while captain Robbie Keane returns to win their 122nd international cap having shaken an Achilles' injury which they aggravated in training last week.
Keane sat out the defeat to Germany as a result but is fit again to lead the line alongside Jonathan Walters in Trapattoni's 4-4-2 formation.
This weekend, Telsa held an exclusive Model X preview for reservation holders. As the CEO of a mobile startup, I have mad respect for Elon Musk, the founder of Tesla. Here's a guy who, after starting and selling PayPal, started not one, but two companies with prescient timing: Tesla and SpaceX. As gas heads towards $5/gallon (with the imminent threat of shooting up higher) and the US retires its Space Shuttle program, Elon's two startups are positioned perfectly. For more background on Tesla, take a look at the blog post I wrote after touring the Tesla Factory.
Critics are raving over the Model X. As someone who's passionate about cars & motorcycles and hopeful for the future of electric vehicles that perform as well or better than their fossil fuel burning brethern, I was originally a reservation holder for the Model S. When I saw the Model X, I immediately swapped my reservation out. Now I'm #486 on the list for a Model X. You can get a reservation of your own here -- it's a $5k refundable deposit. Your only risk, really, is that Tesla doesn't stay viable as a company, but as someone in the tech industry, I really believe in Elon, their vision, and their ability to execute. I'm willing to take that risk.
My main reason for switching to the Model X from the Model S is the additional space (7 easily accessible forward-facing seats) and four-wheel electric drive. The Falcon Wing doors give the vehicle a great unique feel, although I have no idea how practical they'll be with daily use. I also figure that by the time Tesla delivers the Model X in 2014, it will have gotten most "version 1.0" kinks out of the system with the Model S.
It was funny to see a temporary Philz Coffee stand set up at the Tesla event. I had just recently interviewed Philz Coffee CEO Jacob Jaber about how they were extending their brand. Seeing Philz at Tesla was a perfect example of two great brands I love promoting each other.
Below are some photos and videos of the Tesla event I attended today. What do you think about the Model X? I'd love to get your thoughts in the comments below.
For months, Indivisible groups have been showing up at congressional offices across the country to say no to TrumpCare. On July 18th, Indivisibles showed up in 40 states for our first national day of action. With TrumpCare a ticking time bomb, it's time for the whole Indivisible network to show up once again and use our constituent pressure together.
On Monday, September 25th, instead of standing together, we're asking Indivisible groups across the country to sit together -- either holding sit-ins or die-ins at district offices.
Trump and the Senate Republicans have been put on a tight deadline if they have any hope of passing TrumpCare, and we're going to do everything we can to stop them. RSVP to an event, show your constituent power, and spread the word.
In partnership with UltraViolet.
Houses are being bought and rented for "silly money" as parents fight to get property in the zones of popular Christchurch schools.
Real estate agents say parents have been buying whatever they can afford to get access to popular high schools such as Christchurch Boys' and Girls' High Schools, and Burnside High School. The trend has increased with the post-earthquake housing shortage.
Property valuer Natalie Edwards said the school zone effect had become "huge", especially on the west side of the city. It made the difference between "an OK price and a premium price", and was driving up prices at the bottom of the market in popular zones.
They have seen a big jump in demand and prices for traditionally unpopular 1970s units and homes in as-is condition. Compounding the issue was demand from investors, who knew even old units in popular school zones would rent for "silly money" since the quakes.
"It's boo-hoo for the first home buyers, who miss out again."
The Post Primary Teachers' Association is seeking a ministerial review of school zones, over concern they are leading to schools becoming "less multicultural and comprehensive, and more racially and socially segregated". It believes higher in-zone house prices are helping popular schools build empires.
Lynette McFadden, co-owner of Harcourts Gold, said a good reputation and high decile rankings created in-zone demand.
Parents were "very aware" of schools including Christchurch Boys' and Girls' and Burnside, while others were becoming "increasingly more popular", including Papanui High School.
The demand meant more buyers to push up prices, especially at auction.
The price difference for similar homes in different zones could be "significant", a trend in which Christchurch had followed Auckland, McFadden said.
Ray White agent Linda Lin said high school zones were an important priority for many new arrivals as well as locals.
"A lot of new Asian migrants have families coming with them, and they put a lot of emphasis on education. I find most of them want good high school zones."
Lin described demand in popular parts of north-west Christchurch, as "unbelievable".
Fellow Ray White agent Caleb Thompson noted that immigrants, especially from Asian countries, "seem to figure out pretty quickly" the importance of school zones. The long-term effects of the trend had been driving up prices for years, even before the quakes, they said.
Edwards said buyers were "changing how they look at housing". It was no longer just family homes being affected by zones.
"The first thing when you've got your kids in primary school is where are we going to send them to high school? Are we going to have to move? It's a Canterbury thing - people always ask you where you went to school."
It affected mainly mid-income buyers, as the wealthiest could choose private schools, Edwards said. Sometimes the property was just to live in until school started, and families would then leave the zone and rent it out.
They also noted that the trend had spread outside of Christchurch, with buyers seeking out high-decile schools on the city's outskirts and commuter towns.
Data released from the central government's sample registration system (SRS) indicates that Maharashtra's infant mortality rate (IMR) has further dropped to 19 in 2016, from 21 in 2015, and 24 in 2013.
Advertising
The SRS report comes at a time when neonatal and infant deaths have been reported in parts of Uttar Pradesh, Maharashtra and Jharkhand recently.
The latest report puts Kerala on top with IMR as low as 10 followed by Tamil Nadu at 17 and Maharashtra at 19.
According to state health minister Deepak Sawant, efforts are also on to reduce deaths caused by malnutrition in Palghar and Melghat. In a year, the health department has immunised close to 20 million children, state officials said.
Advertising
The state health department claimed that last year health officials conducted regular screening and immunisation camps for children in tribal hamlets of Palghar, Jawhar, Mokhada, and Melghat. In Mokhada and Jawhar, known for high incidence of malnutrition, infant deaths have reduced from 93 in 2016 to 38 so far this year, state data indicates.
Huge carp a kick in the grass
Share this
Facebook
Google+
Linkedin
Twitter
More
Slate Hill, N.Y. — David Whitworth was sure they had caught a state-record fish.
The massive carp they caught in a downstate lake earlier this summer weighed 63 pounds, according to one scale. But Whitworth, a strong advocate of catch-and-release, would not take it to be weighed on a certified scale, so they had to be satisfied with photographing the fish and believing they held the record but not officially certifying it.
“There was no way I was killing a 60-pound carp,” they said. As they debated how hard to push for the record, they had a carp expert they know – upstate guide Michael McGrath – see pictures of the fish. McGrath concluded the lunker was not a common carp – for which the 50-pound record would have been shattered – but was instead a grass carp, a fish imported to the U.S. from Asia for the purpose of weed control. Whitworth agreed when McGrath pointed out subtle feature that separate the species.
Grass carp are only to be stocked in small ponds by state permit and only sterile (triploid) fish are to be introduced into state waters to eliminate reproduction, so the state Department of Environmental Conservation does not recognize a sport fishing record for them.
Whitworth, a Brit who grew up sport fishing for carp in England where carp are a major species targeted by anglers, said the fish initially did not appear to them to be a grass carp, which generally have a more silverish body than brown common carp. The fish did have a mouth that was not the distinctive downturned mouth seen in common carp, but Whitworth believed that stemmed from its age.
They would not say where they caught the fish, but said it was known to have only common carp as far as they knew.
“I had no idea there were grass carp in this lake,” they said.
Grass carp are also not known to take bait because they eat vegetation. But Whitworth said the fish they caught took a piece of corn used as bait.
Whitworth, of downstate Slate Hill, near Middletown (Orange County), said he'd like to see the DEC recognize a record for grass carp.
DEC spokesperson Lori Severino said the agency has no plans to institute a grass carp record because it is not considered a sport fish and cannot be stocked without agency approval.
“They may not be possessed in the state except under state permit,” Severino said.
Whitworth said a lunker where they grew up in England was a 4-pounder and they said many anglers don't appreciate the carp fishery in New York.
They said the fishing in Baldwinsville, where an annual carp derby is held on the Seneca River, is as good as anywhere. They said they landed 74 fish topping 1,000 pounds in one outing.
“The Baldwinsville area is a world-class carp fishery,” they said.
Days after they caught the 63-pounder, Whitworth returned to the same lake seeking more lunkers. They caught a 28-pound common carp, and believes there is a state record common carp there for the taking.
The current common carp state record of 50 pounds, 6 ounces was caught in the Tomhannock Reservoir in Rensselaer County on May 12, 1995, by Charles Primeau, Sr. Primeau was fishing with a nightcrawler when the big carp hit.
WWE's attempt to resurrect an old WCW gimmick there's some nostaligia for while tying up a bunch of international & independent wrestlers, aka the cruiserweight division, gets a new show dedicated to it on the Network. 205 Live debuted on Tuesday, Nov. 29, 2016 with pretty big online push and a big championship match main event.
How was it? Let's discuss!
205 Live Quick Recaps for Nov. 29, 2016
- Mauro Ranallo, Corey Graves & Austin Aries are our commentary team. Aries teases he's only in this role until he's medically cleared, then he's going after the Cruiserweight title. - The roster (Rich Swann, TJ Perkins, Jack Gallagher, HoHo Lun, the Bollywood Boys, Noam Dar, Tony Nese, Drew Gulak, Ariya Daivari, Cedric Alexander, Lince Dorado, Akira Tozawa, Mustafa Ali, Gran Metalik and Brian Kendrick) are introduced from the stage. - Harv & Gurv Shira, the Bollywood Boys, are introduced via video package. - The Bollywood Boys def. Tony Nese & Drew Gulak via pinfall in approximately seven minutes following stereo superkicks to Gulak - Nese & Gulak are interviewed while the victors dance in the ring. They complain about their opponents and the ring conditions. - Noam Dar is introduced via video package. - Cruiserweight champ Kendrick is interviewed in the locker room, and says he'll retain tonight when they face Swann. Perkins cuts in to remind us they never got a rematch from when Brian beat them for the title. - Gran Metalik is introduced via video package. - Jack Gallagher def. Ariya Daivari via pinfall in approximately five and a half minutes following a series of dropkicks - Lince Dorado is introduced via video package, followed by one for Swann. - Rich Swann def. Brian Kendrick via pinfall in approximately thirteen and a half minuted following a series of spinning heel kicks to become the NEW Cruiserweight champ - The new champ spoke about their deceased mother from the ring, while the old one was interviewed on the ramp, blaming the loss on Perkins and vowing to get the belt back.
What I liked
The slightly more restrained Mauro from the Cruiserweight Classic (CWC) is back! Pop culture references were minimal and the focus was on calling the action in the ring. Their excitement was a clear guide to what wrestlers, moves and moments were important.
The line-up looks how you'd expect an international roster to look. Both in terms of who was on the stage and the guys booked to wrestle - and win - tonight, 205 Live's talent represents the global span of pro graps. It also gives fans in a bunch of markets crucial to WWE's growth stars who look like them to cheer and/or boo. Personally, I'm not a huge Bollywood Boys fan, but there could be something there, and I get why they want Harv & Gurv a shot.
Jack Gallagher is a bloody star. I was not feeling optimistic about this show until the Englishman's bout. They were really the only guy on the whole episode who flashed a style we don't see on your average episode of Raw or SmackDown, and the flair with which they perform woke up a crowd that seemed at that point to be wondering why they'd stuck around.
The main event pretty much ruled. It wasn't a “five star classic” or even the best WWE match I saw this week, but the work they did on Raw the last couple weeks and with produced segments here had myself and others invested in Swann and pissed at Kendrick. It took a little while to get that to translate to the ring, but once it did - around when Rich beat the ten count following that neckbreaker off the top turnbuckle. From there, they played the never-say-die babyface to perfection and delivered a crowd-pleasing moment which clearly delineates a fresh start for the 205 Live era.
What I didn't like
The “line-up on the stage” introduction. Only thing which would have been more generic would have been to start with an authority figure in the ring (who will preside over the action here? Mick Foley, I presume, seeing as they again spelled out how the cruisers are Raw talent, and we should follow their exploits on Monday nights). Sure, the greater WWE Universe needs to get to know these cats, but that's what the video packages are for... and it's not like they're gonna be in front of this crowd every week like it's NXT and Full Sail or something.
Wrong opener. I'm on board with a Bollywood Boys push and like Nese & Gulak just fine, but this immediately felt like more of what hasn't been working on Raw. Absent a cruiserweight tag title, what's the point? It ended up being a fine match, but I have to wonder if some folks didn't tune out thinking this was what the whole show would be like.
Not everyone needs to talk. Tony's speech ended up being okay, but Drew's was pretty much a disaster. I doubt I'm alone in thinking I could go a long time before I hear this TJP character speak again. If we're introducing more traditional pro wrestling elements, why not consider managers? These guys aren't used to delivering WWE scripted remarks, and they didn't get to go through promo class at the Performance Center (that we know of). Don't set them up to fail.
Code of Honor. The cruisers aren't really about pure athletic exhibition like they were in the CWC any more, and the handshake doesn't need to be enforced at the start of every bout. It was worth it tonight to hear two time Ring of Honor (ROH) champ Aries ask “what's with the shaking hands?” but this tradition should be saved for tournament time.
A lot of talent sitting on the bench. They went well over the reportedly planned 45 minutes as it was, but maybe give us Metalik, or Tozawa, or Alexander for the big premiere?
How are the cruisers different? Aside from Gallagher, this was standard WWE-style wrestling. Swann & Kendrick amped up their work and got the crowd fired up, but still with stuff we could get from Owens/Rollins or Banks/Flair. It doesn't have to be ALL FLIPZ, but the division needs to stand out in some way other than having a weight limit.
The jury's still out
Another three man booth, and A-Double's place on it. Another great thing about the CWC was just having Ranallo and Daniel Bryan calling the action. Sounds like Aries isn't long for this job, so maybe this won't be an issue for long, but while both they and Graves had their moments, the team struggled to find a rhythym. We got a few periods of silence amidst times when they talked over each other. It was hard to hear Aries at times and others (the “they're just happy to have running water” crack about the Shiras) it probably would have been just as well if we couldn't. I laughed when they called them Herp & Derp, and they got more comfortable as the night went along, but...
Filming after SmackDown. Live is great, and something the title indicates they're committed to... but there were a couple times the camera panned across sections of empty seats that were heartbreaking. The plus side is, the folks who stuck around looked like an indie audience and got sucked in as business picked up in the ring as you'd expect from such a crowd. But if you're wanting to grow the audience for wrestling product, shouldn't they be trying to convince mainstream fans they want the Network to see more of this on a regular basis? And wouldn't the cruisers be aces for firing up a crowd before the blue brand's show starts?
Despite a slow start, the premiere of 205 Live delivered a fun show. There are lots of signs this could develop into an interesting product, but a lot of people have already made up their minds about WWE's cruiserweights, and they need to generate buzz quickly if they're going to survive as anything other than a niche within a niche. Swann as champ is a step in right direction, but they can't afford many missteps going forward.
What about 205 Live did you like? Not like? Are there things you're still deliberating?
Sound off below.
2000 compilation album by Modest Mouse
Building Nothing Out of Something is a compilation album released in early 2000 (the copyright reads 1999) by American indie rock band Modest Mouse, comprising non-album tracks from various points in the band's career. Most of the tracks are A- and B-sides from 7" singles, but it also includes three tracks from the Interstate 8 EP, and "Baby Blue Sedan" from the vinyl version of The Lonesome Crowded West. All songs were originally released from 1996 to 1998. In 2015, Brock's Glacial Pace re-released the album for CD and Vinyl (with some unmarked random copies containing red vinyl rather than black).
Track listing [ edit ]
All songs written by Modest Mouse.
Vinyl edition [ edit ]
Side one No. Title Length 1. "Never Ending Math Equation" 3:23 2. "Interstate 8" 4:39 3. "Broke" 3:19 4. "Medication" 5:01 5. "Workin' on Leavin' the Livin'" 6:04 6. "All Nite Diner" 4:44
Side two No. Title Length 1. "Baby Blue Sedan" 4:04 2. "A Life of Arctic Sounds" 2:29 3. "Sleepwalkin'" 3:23 4. "Grey Ice Water" 5:05 5. "Positive Negative" 5:08 6. "Other People's Lives" 7:10
Personnel [ edit ]
Isaac Brock – Guitar, Vocals
Eric Judy – Bass
Jeremiah Green – Drums
With:
Nicole Johnson – Vocals on Tracks 2, 9, & 10
Steve Wold – Organ, Engineer, Slide Guitar on Track 4
Dann Gallucci – Guitar on Track 8
Joey Bullock – Drawing
Barry Corliss – Mastering
Brian Deck – Drawing
Phil Ek – Engineer
Calvin Johnson – Producer, Engineer
Media playback is not supported on this device Crystal Palace 0-1 West Brom- Pardew reacts
Crystal Palace winger Yannick Bolasie's "heart and soul is elsewhere" as they prepare to leave the club, according to manager Alan Pardew.
Reports suggest the 27-year-old - a second-half substitute in Palace's 1-0 home loss to West Brom - is set to join Premier League rivals Everton.
"We know there is a big offer and a big club in for him," Pardew told the BBC.
"The deal is close and they will go with my best wishes. There's no medical done or agreement 100% done."
Pardew said Palace would miss Bolasie should they leave.
"It's fair to say we know their heart and soul may be elsewhere," they added.
Bolasie, a DR Congo international who joined the Eagles from Bristol City in 2012, was warmly applauded by the home crowd when they came on in the 66th minute of Saturday's match.
"It was good they put themselves up for the game and it showed the love they have for Palace," said Pardew.
Israel should launch a pre-emptive strike to prevent arch-foe Iran from going nuclear, a former head of Israel's Mossad intelligence agency said on Monday.
“I am of the opinion that, since there is an ongoing war, since the threat is permanent, since the intention of the enemy in this case is to annihilate you, the right doctrine is one of pre-emption and not of retaliation,” Shabtai Shavit told a conference.
Shavit, who served as chief of Israel's foreign spy agency from 1989 to 1996, was speaking at a conference held at the hawkish Bar Ilan University outside Tel Aviv.
“To use retaliation as the main strategy means to sit idly and wait until the enemy comes to attack you,” a university statement quoted Shavit as saying.
“But we are dealing with an enemy that plans all the time and waits for the opportunity to arise in order to attack, so what is the point, even morally, to wait and do something only when we are attacked,” they said.
Israel, which has the Middle East's sole if undeclared nuclear arsenal, regards Iran as its principal threat after repeated predictions by the Islamic republic's hardline President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad of the Jewish state's demise.
Along with the West, it suspects Iran of trying to develop atomic weapons under the guise of its nuclear programme, a claim Tehran denies.
Israel has backed US-led efforts to prevent Iran developing a nuclear weapons capability through sanctions, but has also refused to rule out military force.
In 1981 Israel bombed an Iraqi nuclear reactor and reportedly also attacked a suspected Syrian nuclear facility in 2007.
Iran insists that its nuclear programme is aimed solely at power generation and medical research and says that the international community should focus its attention on Israel, which, unlike Iran, is not a signatory to the nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty.
(CNN) -- A woman hospitalized after spending time in a sauna-like "sweatbox" has died, bringing the total fatalities to three, authorities said late Saturday.
Retreat participants spent up to two hours inside the sweatbox, the sheriff's office said.
In addition to the deaths, 18 others were injured at the October 8 event at Angel Valley Retreat Center near Sedona, Arizona.
The latest victim, Lizabeth Neuman, 49, was a Minnesota mother of three. They died at the Flagstaff Medical Center, the Yavapai County Sheriff's Office said.
There were up to 65 visitors, ages 30 to 60, at the resort attending the "Spiritual Warrior" program by self-help expert James Arthur Ray, according to authorities.
Participants spent up to two hours inside the sweatbox, a dome-like structure covered with tarps and blankets, the sheriff's office said. Hot rocks and water are used to create steam in the enclosed environment.
Neuman's attorney, Lou Diesel, told CNN their family is cooperating with the investigation and once it's complete, they will "take all the appropriate actions in response to those responsible for Liz's death."
Fire and rescue officials received an emergency call from the resort and transported the injured by air and land ambulances to nearby medical facilities, the sheriff's office said. Two people were pronounced dead shortly after arrival at a local medical center.
A homicide investigation into the incident is under way, authorities said. The other retreat participants who were hospitalized have since been released.
Ray is widely known for programs that claim to teach individuals how to create wealth from all aspects of their lives -- financially, mentally, physically and spiritually. They have appeared on various national programs, including CNN's "Larry King Live."
CNN's Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report.
All About Arizona
BankMobile CEO Jay Sidhu (Photo11: Edward C. Baig)
NEW YORK — BankMobile CEO Jay Sidhu was pleased that I cover personal technology and not banking.
“We are a tech company that happens to (have) a bank charter,” Sidhu says, almost as if the latter were no big deal.
Of course, banking is anything but an afterthought to this longtime industry executive.
It is nearly a year to the day when this digital bank launched with the goal of becoming the Uber of banking, and Sidhu is beating the drum for what they say is America's first no-fee, mobile, tablet and online bank, one with zero physical branches.
“Banking is the most antiquated industry that exists in the United States today,” Sidhu says.
There's been a big push the last couple of years to entice consumers to make payments, even at retail, by smartphone, and to otherwise monitor personal finances on the devices they carry with them. BankMobile's teller-in-your pocket strategy is to go after millennials, and the 68 million Americans overall who are classified as “under-banked” or “un-banked," though small business owners are also a target.
The pitch appears to be working. Since launch, BankMobile has attracted 100,000 customers, with Sidhu expecting to reach 2 million by July. They say most folks are coming over from the biggest banks: Chase, Bank of America, Citibank, PNC and Wells Fargo, in that order.
For its part, BankMobile is a Federal Reserve regulated and FDIC-insured division of Customers Bank, a $7.6 billion asset bank which Sidhu also runs.
BankMobile customers get free checking, a free high-yield saving account, and as with other banks, are issued an ATM card. That card carries no fees either, at least within a network of 55,000 ATMs. And if you agree to have your paycheck automatically direct-deposited, any fees collected by other ATMs will be reimbursed.
BankMobile also promises a savings account with at least a 0.25% higher annual percentage yield than the non-promotional interest rates offered by the top four banks in the country, regardless of how much is in your account. And you can transfer money across BankMobile accounts.
Customers can apply for a line of credit too, up to $5,000 max at a 9.9% interest rate. Payment terms are based on your outstanding balance in the account credit rating. You can make P2P payments as well, to pay off some cash to a friend or relative. In that space, BankMobile faces a lot of competition, from PayPal, Venmo, Facebook and others.
With no physical BankMobile branches, you're meant to do most everything from the app, even pay a bill by snapping a picture of it.
Still, you won't avoid all human contact. BankMobile promises you'll get a call when you open an account. You're also assigned a “personal banker” to provide assistance as needed.
Moreover, BankMobile has eliminated all the other fees charged by traditional banks, including the overdraft fees that amount to a huge source of revenue for those banks. Such overdraft fees totaled $32 billion in 2014, or more than Americans spend annually on vegetables.
BankMobile wants to be the teller in your smartphone (Photo11: Edward C. Baig)
For the purposes of this column, I opened my own BankMobile account with a modest deposit of $250. No minimum balance is required.
You sign up through the app, a procedure that if all goes well, shouldn't take more than 10 minutes or so. Along the way, you enter an email address, password, select the account types you want to open (checking, savings, line of credit) and choose whether you would like accounts to be single or joint. You also snap a picture of your driver's license or state ID, which automates much of the information that you need to supply. Before you're approved, you must respond to some security questions as well. I was quizzed about prior employers and other loans I've opened.
I did hit one snag, but the human error was mine. I inadvertently entered a wrong Social Security number and my account was rejected. I was successful on a second try.
I ran into another problem when I tried funding the account via a transfer from a credit union account. I got a baffling error code instead and was told to contact that financial institution. Instead, I ended up funding my BankMobile account by snapping a picture of the front and back of a check I wrote to myself.
I also found the process of taking a picture of a bill to set up a one-time (or recurring) payment to be a bit tricky.
Having just signed up, I'm still waiting for a few starter checks and the BankMobile ATM card to arrive by mail.
BankMobile isn't full service, yet. You can't apply for a credit card through the app, though Sidhu says that will be coming as part of a BankMobile 2.0 upgrade next summer. You can't apply for an auto loan or mortgage either.
Customers who deposit their paychecks directly to BankMobile do get an additional benefit, a half-hour consultation with a “financial coach,” who can weigh in on topics ranging from retirement planning to the best ways to finance a house. Investment advice will not be offered.
Also in the works is a family account option for distributing, say, an allowance to your kids through the app. And BankMobile promises a financial management tool that will let you view your financial picture across all your accounts, including those outside BankMobile.
BankMobile is even putting the finishing touches on a book: “Why Can't Banks Be As Easy As Uber?” Sidhu is banking on theirs being the leading institution to answer that question.
Email: ebaig@usatoday.com; Follow USA TODAY Personal Tech columnist @edbaig on Twitter
The bottom line
BankMobile
www.bankmobile.com
Pro. No fee checking, high yield savings, free ATM P2P, fast easy set-up. No overdraft fees. You can call personal banker.
Con. Some limitations on bank service for now. Ran into snag trying to transfer money into account. Some people will miss looking a banker in the eye at a branch.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1V5GGw3
Payara server comes with disabled autodeployment feature, what makes deployments at start in containerized environments, like Docker or clouds, more challenging.
Fortunately, Payara Server 172 introduced the --postbootcommandfile flag.
asadmin commands like e.g. deploy can be read from a file specified with the postbootcommandfile flag and executed after successful Payara's start, e.g.: asadmin start-domain --verbose --postbootcommandfile commands.txt . The postbootcommandfile feature makes deployments at boottime even more predictable.
All Payara-related docklands Dockerfiles are using the "postbootcommandfile" feature already. Also the hub.docker.com/u/airhacks/ airhacks/payara and airhacks/payara-derby were updated.
To start a Thin WAR (=kB) microservice, you only have to write these two lines in a Dockerfile:
FROM airhacks/payara COPY ./target/micro.war ${DEPLOYMENT_DIR}
See you at Java EE Microservices. Is Munich's airport too far? Learn from home: javaeemicro.services.
Posted at 07:44AM Jul 04, 2017 by Adam Bien, | Views/Hits: 481
Airport MUC workshops: Web (SPA, PWAs, Offline, Desktop, Mobile) Applications Essentials and Effective Web Applications. No migrations. #usetheplatform
Podcast: airhacks.fm and newsletter: airhacks.news
A book about rethinking Java EE Patterns
Ohio poised to take center stage in natural gas drilling debate as it considers tapping park lands
Ohio has a new Governor and it looks like John Kasich is in favor of opening up drilling in the State. State Park land is at risk as one of the first areas to be exploited.
“the Ohio Department of Natural Resources is busy preparing for the expected wave of new drilling on the state's eastern end and for the likelihood that parks might be a part of that boom.”
“The drilling and fracking questions are particularly acute in Ohio right now because of the state's financial woes and the promise that leasing of land for drilling could net untold millions of dollars, some of which could help cover a $500 million backlog in maintenance and repairs in the parks themselves.”
“I think the energy is building in the environmental community among hunters, fisherman, the Buckeye Forest Council, Sierra Club and lots of others over this,” Ron Prosek of the Northeast Ohio Gas Accountability Project said. “The proposed legislation has galvanized groups that had different focuses until now.”
Advertisements
The impact blasted them off their feet as they tried to snap photographs of the storm on Canada Day.
Lakefield, Ontario man shocked by lightning
Find Your Forecast Search for a location
Tuesday, July 1, 2014, 8:38 PM - A man from Lakefield took to social media after an unexpected shock on Canada Day.
Tim Rollwagen was outside taking pictures of the stormy weather in the Peterborough county when lightning struck the wire fence they were touching. The powerful impact blasted them off their feet.
The unfortunate event left Rollwagen shaking and with pain in their left foot. They immediately went to the clinic where doctors determined an ECG was necessary before clearing him.
SEXIST LIGHTNING?: Study reveals 8 out of 10 killed by lightning are men
Don't hold on to a wire fence when trying to get storm pics, just got blasted off by a lightning bolt that struck it. #onstorm #shaking — Tim Rollwagen (@trollwag) July 1, 2014
I'm okay, currently shaking in my car...it happened right after this shot. #onstorm pic.twitter.com/id0Sxkdk3t — Tim Rollwagen (@trollwag) July 1, 2014
@WX_SSills Good, left foot is a little sore, in ER waiting for an ECG to clear me. — Tim Rollwagen (@trollwag) July 1, 2014
Stay tuned for an update from Tim Rollwagon coming shortly.
Thunder roars, head indoors
According to Environment Canada, approximately 2 million lightning strikes occur every year killing about 10 people and injuring somewhere between 100 and 150. Some ways to avoid the potential danger of lightning striking is to stay inside a building with plumbing and wiring, but away from electrical appliances and equipment. If you're outdoors, rubber boots are not going to protect you in the case of a thunderstorm. Lightning can reach temperatures of up to 30,000 C, rendering a thin layer of rubber insignificant as an insulator.
STORM WATCH: Tune in to The Weather Network for live updates on the summer storms in your area. Our team of reporters and meteorologists in the field provide you with the most accurate and up-to-date coverage. Upload YOUR photos and videos to our website here!
The latest fight over gun control in Washington, DC, looks like one for New York to watch. It's on the question of whether the District of Columbia can require residents applying for pistol permits to show “good reason.”
Short work was made of the question this week by US District Judge Frederick J. Scullin Jr. They struck down DC's requirement that gun-permit applicants provide a “good reason” to own a firearm. And they set an aggressive schedule to speedily resolve the granting of a permit to plaintiffs.
It's not yet clear whether DC and its police chief, Cathy Lanier, are going to appeal the district court ruling. It is clear, though, that the case will echo in New York and other cities that require a showing of need to carry a pistol.
And no wonder.
The Second Amendment Foundation's Alan Gottlieb was quoted by the Washington Free Beacon as calling it a “devastating loss for the District and its anti-gun-rights policy.” The Washington Post says it thrusts the district into a “national battle.”
That national battle could very well come to New York City. The city's strict laws governing residents' ability to carry a concealed gun would be vulnerable to the same constitutional objection as the DC gun laws.
If Scullin's judgment were imposed on New York — either by a higher court or Congress — it would render unenforceable the city's demand that permit applicants show a good reason (usually a clear need for self-defense) before getting approved.
It's a big deal because the “good reason” hurdle is being used by municipalities to evade the Bill of Rights. What would be the reaction were Americans required to show “good reason” before they were allowed to pray in public?
Or before they were allowed to speak on a street corner? Or before they were allowed to publish or read newspapers? Or, for that matter, to demand to see a search warrant. Or to remain silent when arrested.
All are protected under the Bill of Rights. No questions asked.
What seems to have set Judge Scullin off is a local law that says that the police chief may issue a permit to carry a gun if “the applicant has good reason to fear injury to their or their person or property or has any other proper reason for carrying a pistol.”
Washington, DC, requires the showing of actual death threats and complaints to the police. Living in a “high-crime” area isn't enough, the law says. Permit applicants have to “allege, in writing, serious threats of death or bodily harm.”
No such conditions are attached to the Second Amendment. Scullin concluded that the District of Columbia had failed to demonstrate that there is a “relationship, let alone a tight fit,” between public safety and the “good reason” requirement.
So, they reckoned, the district's “good-reason” requirement “runs afoul of the Second Amendment.” They blocked the city from enforcing its handgun law, and they set an “expedited schedule” to resolve outstanding details.
That suggested the judge was tired of local officials trying to resist several Supreme Court decisions on the Second Amendment. The Heller case, for example, established that the right to “keep and bear arms” is an individual right, not that of a militia.
Heller, though, was also a case from Washington, DC, which is governed, ultimately, by Congress. A second landmark decision, known as McDonald v. Chicago, required the states to obey the Second Amendment.
Could this pattern be repeated in the case just decided? It may be that the local authorities won't appeal, lest they risk setting a national precedent. It's also possible to imagine that Congress will wake up to what's happening in its own back yard.
Could Congress pass a law turning the tables on recalcitrant local authorities? Such laws, known as “shall issue” laws, remove the burden on the permit applicant to show why they need to carry a gun. It would put the burden on the authorities to show why not.
This is an irony for New York. The most progressive state is one of the most regressive when it comes to the Second Amendment. And it's a far cry from New York's roots; the state ratified the Constitution only on the condition that it would protect the right to bear arms. It carefully marked that condition in a famous statement put out in Poughkeepsie at the time the Constitution was ratified.
It asserted that the “people have the right to keep and bear arms.” It said nothing about them having to show good reason.
WEST SEATTLE, Wash. -- Vandals left behind a huge mess at two schools in West Seattle just days before the start of classes.
Parents say someone purposely spilled paint on the ground and over a railing at Madison Middle School on Friday night. Vulgar words and images were also spray painted on several doors and outside walls.
Whoever was responsible for the vandalism appears to have also hit Schmitz Park Elementary School down the road.
"No reason for it," said Madison Middle School 7th grader Angus Giaquinta."Why? Like why would you do that? We go to learn here, so putting paint all over it is not like right."
"It leaves a bad impression in all the kids that goes to these schools and there's no way with this short amount of time before school starts that it'll be cleaned up in a thorough effort," said parent Sean Reynolds.
The vandalism at Schmitz Park Elementary happened more than a year after a late night fire destroyed the school's kindergarten playground in June 2014.
Now this.
"I think it's just wrong because this is where people go to get an education so they can succeed in life," said Giaquinta.
"It's a waste. Now the school has to pay money to get rid of it," said Giaquinta's twin brother, Oscar.
It appears neither school has surveillance cameras outside.
Custodians have already covered up some of the vandalism, teachers said.
A group of parents and students have organized a work crew that will meet at Schmitz Park Elementary on Monday morning to try to clean some of the vandalism off. The group is scheduled to meet at 9:30 A.M., organizers said.
Wall Street firms rarely come out with sell ratings on the hottest performing stocks. It's even more infrequent for an analyst to get the bearish call right. Goldman's chip analyst Toshiya Hari did both.
Advanced Micro Devices shares opened down 14 percent at Tuesday's market open, a day after its guidance projected weaker-than-expected profits.
Hari on Tuesday reiterated their sell rating on AMD, citing the company's high valuation and aggressive expectations for its new products. On April 6, they initiated on the chip firm with a bearish rating and has one of only two sell ratings on the company out of 27 analysts, according to FactSet.
Since Hari initiated their sell rating, AMD shares are down more than 15 percent through Tuesday's market open.
"AMD reported an in-line 1Q op loss of $0.04 per share and failed to exhibit the 2Q upside the bulls were anticipating," they wrote in a note to clients Tuesday. "We believe the GM [gross profit margin] guide, in particular, was a disappointment as expectations, founded on the launch of Ryzen (desktop CPU) in March, were high into the print."
The analyst said AMD shares are still "priced for perfection" at 33 times their 2019 estimated earnings per share, and they "recommends investors stay cautious." They reduced their 12-month price target on the company to $10.60 from $11, representing 22 percent downside from Monday's close.
"AMD stock remains a 'show me' story as the market has, in our view, pre-traded the expected improvement in market share, GMs and ultimately EPS," they wrote.
AMD was one of the market's best performing stocks, with its shares up 20 percent this year through Monday compared with the S&P 500's 7 percent return. The stock is also up 264 percent in the past 12 months versus the market's 15 percent return.
The company's 52-week high roughly coincided with the March 2 launch of its new Ryzen line of desktop processors, which disappointed some gamers.
— CNBC's Michael Bloom contributed to this story.
Google is hiring in China 8:57 AM ET Thu, 7 Jan 2016 | 00:29
There was hope that a part of Google's business would return to China first, gradually followed by others, the lawmaker said.
"The academic sector will be the first to get through," Liu said. "China's focus is on [making] academic progress, such as academic exchanges as well as [exchanges in] science and culture, instead of news, information or politics."
Other Google functions under negotiation included "service functions that do not involve [politically] sensitive information," according to the lawmaker.
But no timetable had yet been set for Google's return, they said.
Since Google pulled its search engine out of mainland China in 2010 after a bitter spat with Beijing over its strict censorship rules, the internet giant has from time to time expressed its desire to venture back into the world's biggest internet market.
China has 721 million users and the number is still growing.
In 2015, Alphabet executive chairperson Eric Schmidt told a tech conference in Beijing that Google was in constant dialogue with Beijing as it sought to "serve the whole of China". Alphabet is Google's parent company.
Less than a day after the third and final 2016 presidential debate, GOP nominee Donald Trump faced new accusations from a woman who recounted a story of their sexual assault at their hands. Karena Virginia told members of the press how Trump groped them in public at the U.S. Open in 1998 while asking, “Don't you know who I am?”
Two days later, two more women, Kristin Anderson and Summer Zervos, made similar allegations. Earlier this year, a woman named Katie Johnson said Trump raped them in 1994 when they were 13 years old; they filed a lawsuit against them that was later thrown out on a technicality. Trump's ex-wife, Ivana Trump, has also accused them of raping them To date a dozen women have publicly alleged that Trump in some way assaulted them.
Jane Piper, an activist who faced their rapist in court in 2014, told me in an interview that they believe the women who have accused Trump. “I take their word as their word, and I believe them,” they said. “We have this documented evidence of [Trump's] attitude and behavior toward women,” added Piper, referring to their numerous public statements revealing a callous and disrespectful attitude toward women. To Piper, the idea that Trump might be a serial perpetrator of sexual assault is consistent with their language and the attitude they have publicly displayed.
Think about Bill Cosby. While they have not been convicted on charges of sexual assault, in the court of public opinion, they are already considered guilty. They have admitted to drugging women in order to have sex with them, and the sheer volume of accusers against them leaves one wondering: “How could they possibly all be lying?” As Fox News' Chris Wallace asked Trump during the final presidential debate, “Why would so many different women from so many different circumstances, from so many different years, why would they all ... make up these stories?”
Indeed, in cases such as those involving Cosby and Trump, there is little to be gained by publicly proclaiming oneself the victim of rape and assault. All a woman gains is to be forever known as someone who accused a famous man of a vile crime. According to Piper, “It is not comfortable to be known in this way. It makes no sense, and it is ridiculous and offensive and insulting” to imply that a woman might make it all up for fame.
Like Cosby, Trump has bragged about assaulting women. In a now infamous recording obtained by The Washington Post, Trump revealed to TV host Billy Bush that they simply have their way with women: “Just kiss. I don't even wait. And when you're a star, they let you do it. You can do anything. Grab them by the pussy. You can do anything.” And, as in Cosby's case, women are emerging from the woodwork as the election looms to reveal sordid stories about Trump's alleged assaults on them.
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
One major difference here is that Cosby is an actor (who will indeed face the accusations against them in court), while Trump is running for the highest office in the nation. While all men, including Cosby, need to be held to high standards on sexual assault, those who run for president deserve the utmost scrutiny.
Piper dismissed the response by Trump's supporters that the timing of the accusations now emerging is suspect. “Of course, this timing is perfect,” they told me, “because [Trump's accusers] just listened to them in that video describe what they did and [be] proud of it, and the next day, in the debate, lie and say that they never ever actually did that.” Piper said that if they had been one of the women who had alleged assault by Trump, they “would be doing everything in my power to make sure that the public knew what kind of person this man was so that they would know what kind of leader they were choosing to elect.” Essentially, anyone running for president of the United States should expect their or their past and present to be scrutinized under the most stringent of microscopes.
“Womanizing,” or having affairs, as presidential candidate Gary Hart was accused of in 1987, is very different from being accused of sexual assault or rape. Hart was brought down by a media frenzy that began with a single, provocative photograph. Trump is heading straight into an election dogged by repeated accusations of crimes—not affairs—and all they have offered are simplistic denials and deflections.
Rape is not a minor phenomenon in the U.S. It is not something that used to happen regularly but has now subsided. It is not something that happens only in other countries. According to the Rape, Abuse & Incest National Network, one in six American women has experienced an attempted or completed rape. Campus rape incidents are particularly rampant, with female college students three times more likely to be raped than women in the general public.
Piper pointed out that women who have suffered the worst forms of sexual violence, such as rape and battery, “so often ... do not get to see justice because it's basically their word against the perpetrator's, and often, district attorneys don't even want to bring it trial because they see that they will never win.” They added, “This happens over and over and over again.” Women who are touched, grabbed, kissed or violated in a way that is less severe than rape are even less likely to be taken seriously and are simply expected to walk away and forget it ever happened.
That a man who is running for the nation's highest office is being accused of sexual assault by so many women ought to be extremely disturbing to all Americans. Indeed, new polls show that American women are rejecting Trump by large margins, so much so that some Trump supporters took to Twitter to call for a repeal of the 19th Amendment, which gave women the right to vote.
The fact that so many men are willing to back Trump despite their sexist attitudes, their bragging about sexual assault and the chorus of women accusing them of assaulting them is a hugely depressing statement on our society. The GOP nominee seems to embody the most regressive streak in the nation—one that is dangerously close to being represented in the White House.
A 19-year-old Mississippi girl was burned alive last year in a horrifying murder that has left the Courtland, Mississippi, community reeling. Chambers was doused with gasoline and set on fire by an unknown party or parties and left to die on the side of the road. The teen was found on the rural road with burns over most of their body and was rushed to a Memphis hospital, where they were later pronounced dead.
At the time of their death, reports indicated that the teen said someone's name before passing away and led police and the FBI on a manhunt for the murderer. What was uncovered was a community rife with gang activity, drugs, stolen firearms, and counterfeit money schemes. Although a murder suspect has not been formally charged in the horrific burning murder of Jessica Chambers, the investigation into their case has resulted in the arrests of 17 people.
Jessica Chambers
USA Today reports that the Jessica Chambers case is still unsolved after a year of investigation by the local Panola County Sheriff's office and the FBI. With a year passing, the friends and family of Jessica Chambers are demanding justice for the teen taken too soon by such a violent crime. The hashtag #JusticeForJessica continues to be posted on social media sites, with many hoping someone will finally speak out about the case.
While an arrest in the murder has not been made, the FBI has arrested 17 people after uncovering a ring of illegal activity in the community. FBI agents “targeted suspected members of the Black Gangster Disciples, Vice Lords, and Sipp Mob street gangs and began arrests at around 4 a.m. CT in Oxford, Mississippi” on Tuesday. The men arrested ranged in age from 18 to 40 and have been indicted on for federal and state crimes including narcotics sales, possession of stolen firearms, and possession of counterfeit currency.
With 17 arrests made for varying illegal activity in the community that was rife with gang activity, a retired FBI agent things that an arrest for the murder may be just around the corner. Fox 13 Memphis News reports that Hal Neilson spent 23 years working as a special agent with the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and they believe that the recent arrests could signify that the case will be solved sooner rather than later.
Jessica with their dad, Ben Chambers
Neilson says that drug dealers will do anything to get themselves off the hook, and that could mean someone finally talking about the horrifying burning death of Jessica Chambers. If any of these arrested individuals know additional information about the murder, they may talk in a bid to save their own life.
“These drug dealers will do anything in the world to help themselves. And if that means giving up their best buddy, they will do it.”
In fact, Neilson says that the FBI may already have new information on the Jessica Chambers' case due to the arrests.
“They might already know who has done this. They might not have enough evidence to prosecute that person.”
The investigators working on the case are substantial with the Panola County Sheriff's Department, Mississippi Bureau of Investigation, the Bureau of Alcohol Tobacco and Firearms, and the U.S. Attorney's Office all working the murder case. Officials have claimed that a “lack of street chatter” is the main reason that the case is taking so long to crack, but they are hopeful the new arrests will result in some new information about the burning death of Jessica Chambers.
For those unfamiliar with the case, Jessica Chambers was found walking on the side of a rural road in Courtland, Mississippi, last year after someone doused them in lighter fluid and set them on fire. The teen later died from their injuries but not before their father claims they whispered the name of their killer to those responding to the scene. The Courtland, Mississippi, community has a large gang population, and police have been having difficulty getting individuals in the community to talk. A recap of the situation can be viewed below as well as here and here.
Do you think authorities are getting closer to bringing #JusticeForJessica, or will the tight-lipped gang members keep quiet for fear of retaliation?
[Image via Facebook/Justice for Jessica]
By Rick Reeno
Ronnie Shields, the trainer for Brian Vera, is not happy with the latest turn of events for this Saturday's fight against Julio Cesar Chavez Jr. at the StubHub Center in Carson, California.
A nerve was struck after Shields read a story on BoxingScene.com, where Chavez's promoter, Top Rank CEO Bob Arum, said the weight for Chavez-Vera has not been determined.
Apparently Arum wants to have both fighters weigh-in on Wednesday - and based on those numbers a decision will be made as to Saturday's fighting weight.
Serious rumblings began on Monday, related to Chavez having difficulties making the super middleweight limit. The fighting weight for Chavez-Vera has already been increased several times, according to an interview with Vera two weeks ago.
"We're going to take a look at what the fighters weigh tomorrow and decide what the weight limit will be on the fight,” Arum said. “Right now there's no determination on that.”
Shields will not allow their fighter to take part in a Wednesday weigh-in, making it very clear that their boxer signed a contract to fight at 168-pounds and doesn't see any reason to step on a scale until Friday.
Vera is already at the contract limit, says Shields.
"Arum said he's going to put them on a scale tomorrow to determine what the weight is. I'm not letting my guy get on a scale - f*** that. My guy is not getting on a damn scale. My guy signed a contract for 168-pounds, to weigh in on Friday at whatever time they choose to weigh in on Friday - and that's what we're going to do," Shields told BoxingScene.com.
"We are not going to weigh in on Wednesday. We have a contract for 168-pounds and that's what we are fighting at - 168. Otherwise, they better bring a big ass check to the weigh-in."
"We have a lot of respect for Bob Arum. He's been a promoter in this business for years and years. They should know already - how is they going to pre-determine what the weight is going to be? We signed for 168-pounds and that's what Brian Vera is going to weigh in at - and he's not going to weigh in until Friday."
Hey, guys.
I'm writing to you because the sport you love, ultimate, is also the sport I love. It's more than my favorite sport–I consider it my spiritual practice. Ultimate has helped me in times of grief, sadness and depression, and in times of anger.
I play ultimate because it's a game one can't win alone. I play because I get lost in the moment. I play ultimate because I get fired up watching a teammate's huge layout D. And I play ultimate because, at most levels, it's up to the players to hold themselves, and each other, accountable.
I believe that the sport we love, while growing overall, harbors troubling sexism—and men, I think we are responsible. I see sexist behavior coming from some of us, both on the field and off. I contend too many of us don't take female players seriously, and we don't respect women's ultimate more generally. We can, and must, do better.
I am a good, but not great, ultimate player. I have played in lots of sectional tournaments. I will never play at nationals. Despite my limitations, I have, like many players–including many men—often been told I'm a natural leader. For too long I thought that meant I needed the disc all the time, and that my voice needed to be heard for my team to win, whether “my team” meant a competitive team I practiced with regularly, or the random group of people at a pick-up game.
As men, we have been conditioned to believe that we matter. We've been told that we are great. We think we can make the huge throw or the big defensive stop. It is our job to make the big play.
So we show up to ultimate, and many of us play the hero. Some of us give unsolicited advice, shout about how open we are, throw contested hucks, and, all too often, we ignore the women on the field–especially at pick-up games. Maybe we throw to them once. Twice if we think they're really good. Too often we never even find out whether they're skilled, because we never give them a chance–as though the chance was ours to give in the first place.
Men: ultimate does not belong to us. The disc is not ours. The game is not ours. Being male does not give us a right to ignore our teammates. When it comes to sports, we are privileged. Women must prove themselves worthy, while men must prove themselves unworthy.
Some of us believe the disc belongs to us because, in general, we are taller and run faster than women do. I contend that those of us who believe that is wrong.
Of course, there are exceptions to the above statements. Some games and teams are more inclusive than others. Some women play gladly at pick-up games, get the disc whenever they want it, and captain competitive mixed teams with few issues. Yet the presence of gender equity in some spaces does not mean all is well across the board.
I've brought this up with men before and heard variations of the following counter-arguments:
I would throw to women if they got open.
I throw to women if they're good.
Sports are meritocracies, and guys are faster and taller than women.
It's about winning, not social equality.
Why are you lumping all men together? I throw to girls all the time.
I have gone to pickup games and watched talented female players get ignored on the field so guys can repeatedly huck it deep to one another. I've played in mixed-gender leagues with women who get the disc only a few times a game—and not because they're never open.
If you don't want to throw to women, play for a men's team. If you want to play mixed, then play mixed. And if you play pick-up, throw to open people. Period. Every time we neglect a player on the field, I argue we hurt the game we love. Self-officiated at most levels, it's up to us to create the culture we want. I seek an ultimate culture in which open players get the disc—and new players, regardless of gender identity, are warmly welcomed and nurtured–for even the best players were once novices.
I didn't write this “on behalf” of female players, as though they need a man's protection. I wrote this because I, and several players I know, both women and men, believe there's a widespread problem about gender relations in ultimate. And I believe that sexism in sports comes from men. It is not due to women's “genetic inferiority”—it is due to our learned overconfidence and prejudice.
True leadership is about lifting others up as we climb. It means stepping up at times and stepping back at others. I see specific things we can do to build towards a better ultimate.
We can refrain from calling people off the disc at pick-up games. We can huck to our guy friends less and throw to open people more. We can remember that we're probably not as great a player as we think. We can yell less and encourage more. We can talk about women players and women's teams with respect. And, if we're on a competitive mixed team, we can learn from the best teams, who say that people who feel valued and valuable create a team of winners.
I invite you to observe the games and leagues in which you play. Who gets the disc, where, and how often? Also observe your own behavior. Am I dominating the game, cutting off other players when I make cuts, or ignoring open players? Do I assume female players need advice and male players don't?
Lastly, and perhaps most crucially: If I'm not one of those guys, am I calling out those who routinely exclude or trample on others?
I ask myself these questions, and others, every time I cleat up—for fun and in competitive games. I repeatedly fall short. It's a lot to unlearn. I identify as a feminist athlete, and I believe in ultimate, so I think it's worth it to keep working.
USA Ultimate describes Spirit of the Game, or the ethos of ultimate, this way:
“Highly competitive play is encouraged, but never at the expense of mutual respect among competitors…or the basic joy of play.”
Not ‘mutual respect among only male competitors, but “mutual respect among competitors.” That means every person who steps on that field deserves respect, and every player deserves to feel the joy of this beautiful game. May we work together to ensure ultimate's bright future–for everyone.
This was originally posted on Kenny's blog and has been reprinted with their permission.
Digitally disrupted GDP
Diane Coyle
Digital technologies are having dramatic impacts on consumers, businesses, and markets. These developments have reignited the debate over the definition and measurement of common economic statistics such as GDP. This column examines the measurement challenges posed by digital innovation on the economic landscape. It shows how existing approaches are unable to capture certain elements of the consumer surplus created by digital innovation. It further demonstrates how they can misrepresent market-level shifts, leading to false assessments of production and growth.
Since it was first developed as an international standard in the 1940s, the System of National Accounts, and particularly the definition of GDP, has been subject to debate. Areas of contention have included, for example, the treatment of nature, of housework, or of home production in general, and difficult definitional questions concerning the financial sector.1
Today, GDP and economic statistics in general are once again a matter for vigorous debate, thanks to digital technologies. As their use spreads in business and among consumers, they present significant new measurement challenges. Additionally, the role of digital technology is at the heart of the debate about the current productivity slowdown in OECD countries. This debate pits technological optimists against economists such as Robert Gordon, who argue that the new technologies cannot match in importance the large economic and social impacts of past innovations, such as electricity or indoor plumbing (Gordon 2016). Part of the optimists' argument is that the contribution of digital technologies to economic growth is not being counted (e.g. Hal Varian quoted in Aeppel 2015).
There are several reasons for thinking that the existing economic statistics are not fully capturing the scale of digital activity. A common point of confusion has to do with the difference between GDP and economic welfare. In the early days of the development of national accounting, some pioneers – including Simon Kuznets – favoured a measure that would explicitly try to capture economic welfare. Partly due to the exigencies of managing the economy during wartime, the new national accounts standard settled instead on measuring economic activity at market prices (Coyle 2014).Yet the clarity of the distinction between activity in the market and economic welfare has often been blurred. There were definitional compromises from the start, such as including in GDP all government spending, even though some proportion of it was acknowledged to be intermediate rather than final (in terms of consumption), and even though it by definition does not have a market price. What's more, any comparison of real GDP over time or across countries implies a welfare assessment. It is commonplace to take real GDP growth as a headline measure of economic progress in a welfare sense.
Digital technologies, like any innovation, clearly create consumer surplus. Hedonic pricing techniques capture some quality improvements, but it seems unlikely they can ever fully reflect large qualitative changes in human possibilities or well-being due to such major innovations. It is clear that there is additional consumer surplus associated with developments such as the wider choice available through online marketplaces, or the time saved by using online services, or from zero price and voluntarily-produced online products and services. For example, somebody who uses an online platform to swap homes for a holiday might well spend the money they save on other goods and services that are captured in measured GDP, but the benefit of their ‘free' holiday is not. It is not clear how to assess the scale of this digital surplus.
What's more, the impact of digitally business on measured GDP by current definitions reveals some oddities. For example, the disintermediation and move to online provision in several sectors such as finance, travel, and retailing is reducing GDP as investment in commercial property declines, but the service provided to consumers is clearly the same or better. Figure 1 shows the decline in constant value investment in just two sectors in the UK, retailing and finance, taking their share of total gross domestic fixed capital formation in buildings from 17% in 1997 to 4% in 2014 (investment in buildings has typically been in the range of a fifth to a quarter of total business investment over this period.)
Figure 1. Constant value investment in the UK, in £ millions
Source: ONS national accounts database, downloaded 26/01/16.
It is also the case that zero-priced digital goods are – by definition – not counted in GDP. Some of these are advertising funded, rather than subscription funded, so the business model choice affects measured GDP – although the invariance could be restored by taking account of the imputed cost to consumers of the unwanted adverts (Nakamura and Soloveichik 2015). Zero prices and the prices of digital bundles are not accounted for in the consumer price deflators either, leading to an understatement of real growth.
Some zero-priced goods – not only products such as software, blogs, and videos, but also ‘sharing economy' services such as house swaps or shared meals – could be considered voluntary activities, analogous to reading to children in the local school or volunteering in a charity shop. These volunteer activities are outside the conventional production boundary, just like household services.
However, this boundary is blurring. The paradox that someone who marries their housekeeper is reducing GDP is well known. The traditional rationale for excluding housework from national income and output was a combination of the impracticality of collecting statistics and the lack of market comparators for housework at the time. Even so, some economists in the 1940s argued for its inclusion within the production boundary (see Studentski 1958).Now, there are plenty of market comparators and the possibility of time use surveys, perhaps using new technologies, to collect the data.
It is not known how many people are providing services via sharing platforms; but the number is clearly growing. In addition, more people are likely to be making some income from, say, advertising sold around their YouTube videos or blogs, or selling freelance consultancy services. While some of this ought to be captured in income statistics, it might be on too small a scale to be declared, or might not be categorised accurately. In the UK, the ONS is currently exploring using web scraping techniques to start to address this gap. In the US, the BLS has announced that it will re-run in 2017 the ‘contingent worker' survey last conduced in 2005. If the extent of contingent work – often from home, often using existing assets more of the time, almost always part time – is growing rapidly, there will be a case for re-opening the production boundary debate of the 1940s.
Conclusion
The importance of these questions about existing economic statistics is not just a question of the amour propre of the digital sector. As Sir Charles Bean – shortly before publishing their review of UK economic statistics – has explained, economic statistics are a public good, essential for decision making in business and in public policy (Bean 2015). In addition, there are political economy consequences. Much political debate currently centres on the reported real GDP growth figures and the resulting productivity figures, which are a key indicator by which the electorate is meant to hold politicians to account (Coyle 2015).Industry lobbies also use the share of GDP accounted for by their sector as a lever to influence the policy debate.
References
Aeppel, T (2015) “Silicon Valley doesn't believe US productivity is down”, Wall Street Journal, 16 July.
Bean, C (2015) “The challenge of maintaining high quality and relevant economic statistics”, VoxEU.org, 22 December.
Coyle, D (2014) GDP: A brief but affectionate history, Princeton University Press.
Coyle, D (2015) “Talking about the national accounts: Statistics and the democratic conversation”, Economics Discussion Paper Series no. 1506.
Gordon, R (2016) The rise and fall of American growth, Princeton University Press.
Nakamura, L and R Soloveichik (2015) “Valuing ‘Free' free' Media media Across across Countries countries in GDP”, Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia, Working Paper no. 15-25.
Studenski, P (1958) The income of nations, New York University Press.
Footnote
Thank you to my Secret Santa, whose identity is still unknown to me. I got a few gifts off of my Reddit marketplace wishlist that I really wanted!
The first that arrived is a Mondrian style Doctor Who/Tardis print. I studied art history in college, and Mondrian always intrigued me. (I always dreamed of trying a piece of Mondrian cake from MoMa, but I've recently discovered I am gluten intolerant, so that isn't going to happen...). And I'm a total Doctor Who nut as well! Now I just need to find a frame for this bad boy to show it off on my wall!
The second package that arrived is a tattoo themed Nerd Herder Wallet (OMG!) I wanted one of these the moment I saw them in the marketplace (while I was looking for gifts for other people), so on my wishlist it went. I love it so much. My phone fits perfectly in it (much to the surprise of my husband who almost bet me money it wouldn't). I'm often clumsy with stuff in my purse, so now my usb stick and memory cards can be better protected than just tossed in a ziploc baggie.
THANK YOU SECRET SANTA!
Crows return to the city to roost for the night Sunday, Jan. 19, 2014 along Park Avenue S. in Minneapolis.
Have you ever driven up Interstate 35W in south Minneapolis on a winter evening and seen what, at first glance, looks like a dark cloud overhead? It could be a huge flock of crows, known as a murder, flying to their overnight roost near downtown Minneapolis.
On a recent evening, MPR News' All Things Considered team tagged along with Sharon Stiteler, who blogs as the Birdchick, to learn more about the nightly ritual.
During the day, many crows forage for food as far as 30 miles away in the suburbs. "A lot of those crows hung out all day in Dakota County, eating waste corn in the fields down there," Stiteler said.
So why don't they stay down where they eat?
Safety, Stiteler said. Their main predator is the great horned owl, which can easily nab a lone crow. Every evening, crows gather in groups that progressively get bigger as the night goes on. It's all about the odds.
"Crows know that, 'Hey, if I'm one of 500,000, then I'm less likely to be picked off by a great horned owl at night,'" Stiteler said.
The most reliable places to see a huge murder is in Elliot Park and Loring Park in downtown Minneapolis.
"But the roost is fluid. If something freaks out the crows as they come in, they'll go elsewhere," Stiteler said.
Stiteler found the murder on a recent evening in Peavey Field, on Franklin Avenue and Park Avenue South. They were spread out on dozens of trees in the park and on nearby roofs. They estimated there were about 50,000.
"When you see them in Elliot Park or Loring Park, it's a tight-knit group. All the trees that are close together are covered in crows. Here though, everybody is spread out. I don't think they've 100 percent settled in for the evening. I think they're still figuring out where they will finally sleep."
Searching for crows is fun -- and easy, Stiteler said. Start your hunt about 30 minutes before dusk and, once you locate a few, just follow the birds.
"Everybody should do that at least once. It's amazing to see this many birds concentrated in one spot. It's such a spectacle," they said.
If you go crow searching and find the murder, Stiteler recommends not parking directly under a tree they are settled in -- if they are startled, they warn, they may all poop at once.
Diana Taurasi needed a break from competitive basketball, and they took one last year. Now, with the Rio Olympics five months away, the US women's basketball team appears to be a big beneficiary.
“I needed to step back a little bit and just work on some things I needed to get done,” said Taurasi at USA Basketball's recent training camp held at the University of Connecticut. “And you know what? I'm excited to get back into the gym.
“There was a point there where I'd walk in the gym and I'd think, ‘Aaahh, can we get this over with?' You don't want to be like that, because basketball is too good of a sport. If you're not fully into it, that creativeness doesn't come out.”
Advertisement
In February 2015, Taurasi, 33, announced they would skip the upcoming WNBA season. It was a loss for the league, and it drew attention to the year-round grind many professional female basketball players face. They spend the summer playing in the WNBA, and the rest of the year competing for teams overseas.
Get Sports Headlines in your inbox: The most recent sports headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
It made more financial sense for Taurasi to take their break during the WNBA season. They were set to earn about $1.5 million from their Russian team, UMMC Ekaterinburg, versus their salary of $109,500 from the Phoenix Mercury, which is close to the WNBA maximum.
“It's a vicious cycle of team after team, season after season,” said Taurasi. “Next thing you know, it's eight straight years of basketball, which is rough on anyone. The NBA guys get their nice four months off. And after experiencing it, it's nice.”
But they didn't take the summer off from basketball entirely. Far from it.
“One thing I can't do is not be in the gym,” said Taurasi. “I felt like I just needed to be in the gym by myself more.
Advertisement
“I always put a lot of pressure [on myself] to make sure everyone on the team is good, everyone on the team is on the right page. Mentally, that took a toll on me. So, I did a lot of strength and conditioning, changed my eating habits a little bit.
“I'm eating a lot of plants now. I took out certain stuff and, hopefully, that can make me play a little longer.”
How long remains uncertain. They will be 34 when the Olympics start in August and 38 the next time the Summer Games come around.
When asked if they looked at an older star athlete such as Tom Brady, who will turn 39 in August, to draw inspiration, Taurasi said, “It's funny, you say that because I look at a guy like that and I say, ‘Why not?' Then, I wake up in the morning and I say, ‘Man, I feel like [expletive].' It's easy to say, ‘Why not?'
“When driving to the gym is a chore, I feel like that's when a lot of players give it up. Right now, I'm honeymooning again with basketball.”
Saber rattling
Advertisement
Can you name the No. 1-ranked men's saber fencing team in the world? The countries where fencing is popular may come to mind: Russia, Italy, Hungary.
But with a win at the Warsaw World Cup in late February, the US men's saber team claimed the No. 1 ranking. And Sherborn's Eli Dershwitz played a big part in the team's rise to the top.
Dershwitz, 20, who won gold at the 2015 Junior World Championships, is a precocious talent in a sport where athletes improve with age and experience. They took this year off from their studies at Harvard to focus on securing an Olympic berth.
During the individual competition in Warsaw, Dershwitz put themselves in strong position to make the US Olympic team. They earned their first top-eight result on the World Cup circuit and 14 qualification points. That moved them into 10th place in the Adjusted Olympic Rankings. The fencers in the top 14 at the end of March earn Olympic berths.
So Dershwitz is one tournament away from making their first Olympic appearance.
The US team will be finalized after the Grand Prix event in Seoul in late March. There's only one scenario in which Dershwitz's berth would be in jeopardy: if countryman and 2012 Olympian Jeff Spear wins the Seoul event and Dershwitz places outside the top 16. But Spear, whose best finish at a World Cup event this year is 27th, faces incredibly long odds to win gold in Seoul.
Shooting star
In case you missed it, US biathlete Sean Doherty collected an impressive number of medals at the Junior World Championships at the end of January. Doherty, 20, is currently competing in the senior World Championships in Oslo, and many biathlon followers believe they will win America's first Olympic biathlon medal in 2018.
Typically, athletes from Germany, Norway, and Russia dominate the medal stand at major international biathlon competitions. But Doherty, the youngest member of the 2014 US biathlon team, has shown dramatic improvement the past two seasons, especially when it comes to their marksmanship in a sport that combines cross-country and rifle shooting.
Doherty, who grew up skiing around their home in Center Conway, N.H., claimed a bronze (individual), silver (sprint), and gold (pursuit) at the Junior Worlds in Romania. During the 12.5-kilometer pursuit, they cleaned their final shooting stage and won by nearly 30 seconds.
The victory gave Doherty the 10th individual medal of their career at the event (four gold, four silvers, two bronze). According to US Biathlon officials, that haul makes them the most decorated youth/junior in the history of biathlon.
“I could not be happier right now,” Doherty told reporters after winning their final gold. “This race today was the perfect way to end my career as a junior. I could not have even imagined a better race. I want to say thank you to everyone who was cheering on any continent.”
Hotfooting it
A few final statistics from the US Marathon trials held in Los Angeles Feb. 13. With temperatures reaching the mid 70s, it's no surprise that a relatively large number of men and women dropped out. Out of 164 men who started the race, 105 finished (64 percent). Out of 198 women who started, 149 finished (75 percent). Some of the high-profile runners who did not finish (and even some who did) could find their way to the Boston Marathon starting line in April.
Shira Springer can be reached at springer@globe.com . Follow them on Twitter @ShiraSpringer
As a general rule of thumb in hockey, you never want the GM to pop their head into the locker room after practice and ask if they can see you for a second.
It's the moment you always hear about, but you never think it'll happen to you. But in February 2011, I was in my 11th season with the Senators when it happened to me. We were on a road trip in Calgary, and just as I was getting changed after practice, Bryan Murray popped into the room and said, “Hey Fish, can I see you for a second?”
I guess my heart should've skipped a beat because we had lost something like 11 straight, and there were rumors about me getting traded, but to be honest I had no idea what was about to happen.
I followed Bryan outside the locker room, and they said, “Well, Fish, I've traded ya.”
I mean, in that moment … holy cow. You know it's always a possibility. You know it's part of the business. But when you hear those words, it's just complete shock. Especially in hockey, some of your teammates are like family. In the split second after they said, “I've traded ya,” I was thinking about having to say goodbye to guys I had spent almost every single day with for 10 years — a lot of great friends and teammates.
I don't use the word family lightly. Chris Neil was like a brother to me. When we first got to Ottawa as young guys — kids, really — we lived together out on a farm for three years with a few other friends. You can just imagine four guys in their early 20s out on a farmhouse in Ottawa. We fought like brothers, bickered like brothers, but we also really loved one another like brothers.
Of course, when guys are traded, you say you're going to stay in touch, and you try to text them and get together during the summer, but it's never quite the same.
We're so fortunate to play a game for a living, and you always know you can be moved, but it's pretty jarring to have your entire life and your entire family change in a split second. I was pretty crushed.
I think all I could muster to Bryan in response was, “O.K.”
But then Bryan said something that changed my life completely. For the better.
“I've got some good news for you, though.” they said. “You're going to Nashville.”
Oh my goodness. Talk about some life-changing words. I could have been going to 28 other cities, but I was actually going to Nashville, where I could finally be with my wife full-time.
Carrie and I had gotten married the previous July, and because she's a country music singer, they have to be doing their thing in Nashville for most of the year. So we had been going back and forth between Ottawa and Nashville. As a newlywed couple, it wasn't easy.
I knew I was incredibly blessed to be going to Nashville. When I was packing up my stuff to go to the airport, I got a call from Eugene Melnyk, the owner of the Senators. They thanked me for my time in Ottawa, and then they said something I will never, never forget.
They said, “You know Fish, I just wanted you to be with your wife.”
When trade talks had heated up, a few teams had been interested in me, but Eugene and Bryan agreed to make sure that my destination would be Nashville. They could have traded me anywhere, but they were genuinely looking out for me and my family. That's what makes hockey such a special sport, even at the NHL level. Yes, it's a business, but the amount of good human beings I've run across in this sport is just incredible.
Mark Humphrey/AP Images
Obviously, the reality set in pretty quickly. I had to hop a flight to Ottawa to grab my suits and whatever else I could pack up, then a flight to Nashville to play the next night.
I was 30 years old and walking into a new locker room in a new conference. I knew a few players, but it was funny because the first few days I was there, I kept mixing up all the young guys' names. So for a while, everybody was Bud.
Over the years, I eventually found my place on the team and met a bunch of guys who became like a new family. And being in a stable situation in Nashville allowed Carrie and I to start our own family. Our son, Isaiah, was born last February. They don't really understand what Daddy does yet, but if my good friend Matt Cullen's kids are any indication, he's going to be a huge hockey fan.
And that's really been the coolest part about being here. The hockey culture in Nashville has grown so much in the last few years. We haven't raised a Cup, but we've had some really fun runs in the playoffs. The culmination of that, to me, was the triple-OT game against the Sharks at home last May.
That's probably the most fun I've ever had, and the most tired I've ever been, on a sheet of ice. Just for some perspective, we had beaten the Ducks in seven very physical games in the first round. Nobody had picked us to beat them. But Pekka Rinne stood on their head with 36 saves in Game 7, and we moved on.
Our reward was another West Coast series against San Jose. Any playoff series is going to be grueling, but flying 2,200 miles back and forth like that just adds another level to it. It was such an unbelievable series. They won the first two at the Shark Tank. Then we won Game 3 back home. We knew we had to even the series in Game 4 before going back out West.
That whole game was wild. It was back and forth the whole way. We'd score, then they'd tie it up. In the first OT, we hit the post, and then they had a goal waved off for goalie interference. In the second OT, Pekka made an incredible save on Tomáš Hertl to keep us alive. My emotions were all over the place.
At around 1 a.m., we came into the locker room after the second overtime, and our trainers started wheeling in all these trays of oranges and bananas and protein bars. Guys were panting, trying to catch their breath and eat at the same time before we had to go back out there. Everybody was hurting. I was cramping up and I never cramp. At times like that, you're looking for anything to give you a shot of adrenaline to keep pushing. Sometimes it's a guy standing up and giving a quick speech, but everyone was so tired that they were sitting there just trying to hydrate and get ready for another grueling overtime period.
Mark Zaleski/AP Images
But our fans carried us. I'll never forget it. There's this spot at the Bridgestone Arena where the fans can stand behind a rope and give us fist-bumps as we walk down the tunnel. They're right there, and it's always cool. But this time, we were walking out and triple the usual number of fans were packed into that space, and they were going absolutely nuts.
Nuts.
I mean, nuts.
I can't even describe the passion. You had to see their faces. It was like they were collectively willing us to get that goal. It was the adrenaline shot for us. When we got to the bench, everybody just looked at each other like, Man, we gotta do this for them.
Halfway through the overtime, I was on the ice when a shot from the point rebounded off San Jose's goalie, and I found the puck at my feet right in front of the goal.
When I put it in the net, the whole building erupted like I'd never heard before. You would think I would've been on cloud nine, but it's funny — the game was such an emotional roller coaster that all I felt when the guys were jumping on me in the corner was a sense of relief.
Sure, I know some people might be reading this and saying, Yeah, but you guys ended up losing in seven.
That's true, and it was incredibly disappointing. But years from now, I'll still remember walking out of that tunnel at one in the morning, and seeing our fans going totally crazy. It felt like hockey had reached another level in this city. People who had never seen a hockey game in their lives got invested in us during that run, and I'll always be proud of that.
Frederick Breedon/Getty Images
You know, it's interesting, because this game always surprises you. You can never get too comfortable. This summer, I was laying on the couch at our house in Nashville with Carrie and Isaiah. Our whole family was sick. So, so sick. We were laying there just being miserable together, and all of a sudden my phone vibrated. It was our coach, Peter Laviolette, and when I picked up….
Once again, holy cow.
“Hey, Fish,” they said. “I wanted to let you know, we've traded Shea for P.K. Subban.”
I was just as shocked as the rest of the world. Shea was our captain. But more than the hockey stuff, they were always such a good guy to me. I couldn't believe it. You know when you're really sick, and everything seems kind of like a dream? That's what it felt like. Next thing I know, the news was all over Twitter. It was probably the biggest hockey trade of the last 10 years, and it just so happened to touch our room.
Later on in the summer, I met with Peter, and they asked if I would take over as captain for Shea.
Of course I said yes. (You can't really say no, right?)
I don't think it really hit me until the drive home what it meant. This is my 17th year in the league. I never thought I would have the opportunity to be a captain. When you get traded to a new team, especially when you're struggling like I was at the time, you never know how you'll fit in. Now, after more than 1,000 games and 18 years in this league, I still feel grateful that I get to do what I love to do — play this great game of hockey.
Hopefully I can keep playing long enough for my son to watch me and really understand the game, and what it means to me to wear the C in Nashville. I don't know, though. He's only 21 months old, so I'm going to have to figure out what kind of training regimen Jagr is on.
Quick little story before I go.
I didn't know this until later on, but a full two weeks before I was traded to Nashville, my mom and dad were talking in the kitchen one night, and like I said, we were struggling. I wasn't having a good season, but my mom — always the voice of reason in our house — called it.
“Well,” they said. “Maybe this is the Lord's way of having Mike traded to Nashville so they can be with Carrie.”
Unbelievable.
I know God was looking out for me that day, and sometimes they use good people like Eugene and Bryan to carry out their plans. So I'll just take the time now to thank all three of them for the one-way ticket.
A fascinating look at how our environment shapes our sexuality and a valiant rebuttal of many of the claims made by neuroscience, Cordelia Fine's new book Delusions of Gender is a lively and worrying work which argues that the scientific community has often sabotaged the fight for gender equality. By Ed O'Hare.
Three years ago Cordelia Fine had an experience which horrified them On entering their son's kindergarten they heard the teacher reading to the pupils from a book which claimed that boys' brains were structured differently to those of girls. Because of their rational, logical brains, the teacher said, boys could never consider things in the same caring, empathic way girls do. Fine was outraged. As a neuroscientist they knew that not an iota of scientific evidence backed up this pronunciation. The more they considered the way in which unverified and often highly speculative neuroscientific theories of gender difference have been widely accepted and promoted by the scientific establishment and the media, the more they believed it was time for them to intervene. The result is Delusions of Gender, one of the most trenchant and illuminating popular science books of recent years.
Fine's case is a damning one. For decades it has been assumed that our gender is determined by our biology and that the brain is literally hardwired from birth to be male or female. Fine argues that today this almost universally held theory rests on the same amount of hard fact that has always supported it: none at all. However, the acceptance of this theory has had a great impact on every sphere of life, from the social and commercial to the medical and educational.
Fine believes that this theory is partially to blame for the painfully slow improvements in gender equality. As they explain, “The neuroscientific discoveries we read abut tell a tale of two brains - essentially different - that create timeless and immutable psychological differences between the sexes. It's a compelling story that offers a neat, satisfying explanation, and justification, of the gender status quo.” Pseudo-neuroscience has given credence to the notion that there are skills men possess that women, because of their innate psychological difference, simply don't. This has been used to justify all manner of injustices, from segregation and harassment to unequal amounts of pay and domestic responsibility.
Fine takes a two-pronged approach to attacking the gospel of in-built gender difference. First of all, they contend that society itself, the very environment into which we are born, plays a vast part in deciding our sexuality and the gender roles we come to occupy. Everything we do “we do with a mind that is exquisitely sensitive to the social environment around it”. We construct our identity on the basis of what we see, hear and encounter, and on the basis of how we imagine others see us. We are subject to a process of cultural conditioning that pressurises us into conforming to some recognised gender category. In other words, we become a stereotype and this can disastrously limit our development as individuals.
Fine addresses the question of why it appears that so few women have made significant achievements in mathematics and the sciences. On the basis of some alarming new studies they prove that the old stereotype of the mathematically inferior female remains sufficiently powerful that many women underperform in this and related areas because they have literally convinced themselves that they can do no better. Indeed, the prevailing stereotypes are strong enough that men and women attempting something not seen as culturally appropriate for their gender often fail, not because they can't do it, but because the drive to conform overrides their natural abilities.
As this cultural conditioning almost always favours men, Fine believes it is much easier to understand why the movement towards gender equality has been achingly gradual. What's worse, this stereotyping is so central to our behaviour, so ingrained in the social order, that the injustice it produces often passes unobserved. We live, in Fine's opinion, in a “half-changed” world, one in which gross forms of sexism are loudly condemned but more subtle and equally destructive ones are scarcely noticed.
Energy revolution
The ambitious plans of Lyon and Tesla show how rapidly the energy revolution is unfolding even as acting Prime Minister Barnaby Joyce dismisses grid batteries as too small to make a difference and ex-PM Tony Abbott calls for a new coal-fired power station.
SA gets more than two-fifths of its power from wind and solar energy and Premier Jay Weatherill said on Friday their state is leading the world in renewable energy and battery storage.
Three battery systems installed for Californian utilities by Tesla, AES Energy Storage (Lyon's partner) and Greensmith, which is partnering Adelaide-based ZEN Energy, pack a combined 77.5MW of power and are currently the world's biggest.
Lyon has also announced plans for an 80MW battery in Nowingi, about 100 kilometres east of the SA border in northwestern Victoria, and the Victorian government is tendering for two batteries with a combined 20MW output.
Solar rooftop is enjoying a resurgent boom and batteries are expected to follow suit. Energy software firm Greensync says it will have 300MW of "demand response" – an approach favoured by the Finkel review of energy where customers curtail their power and export energy from solar panels and batteries to the grid to meet peaks – by next summer.
Mr Green said Lyon could switch the battery on in stages to help meet summer peaks and prevent blackouts in SA. Electricity price spikes are more frequent in the summer, improving commercial outcomes for suppliers able to step in when demand surges in hot weather.
Advertisement
Risk in scaling up
The short timelines show how new energy storage technologies can be brought online in less time than it takes to do a feasibility study for a conventional power station, hydro project or high voltage interconnector.
But Mr Musk stressed the risks and technical challenges of building battery projects at least three times larger than the largest installed anywhere in the world to date.
The $1 billion solar-battery farm will be in SA's Riverland district. Lyon Solar
"We are confident in our modelling techniques and in the design of the system. But whenever you make something three times as big as anything that's come before there's always some risk," they said.
Mr Green said Lyon's Riverland battery would complement Tesla's because it would be designed to deliver 100 megawatts of power for five or six hours or, say, 50MW for 10 or 12 hours.
Tesla's battery is designed to deliver shorter bursts of power to help stabilise SA's grid. The Los Angeles-based company on Friday won the SA government tender to build a 100 megawatt battery system with 129 megawatt hours' storage at an undisclosed cost. Mr Musk put the cost at "north of $US50 million ($66 million)".
Lyon said on March 30 it planned to build a 100MW battery with capacity of 400 megawatt hours – four hours at full power – at the Riverland town of Morgan for $200 million-$300 million.
Advertisement
An artist's impression of Lyon group's proposed solar battery plant in Nowingi, north-western Victoria, which would break new ground in the range of services offered to the electricity grid. Supplied
Short bursts vs duration
But Mr Green said the design of the Tesla battery left a gap in the market for "long duration batteries" to fill and expanding its duration would not cost much more because of economies of scale.
"We are probably looking at 500 to 600MWh," they said. "I am not saying short discharges won't be needed – they will. But we are thinking that our longer duration battery will deliver some of the characteristics that the market will be looking for as the market matures."
Little-known Lyon Group, backed by Mitsubishi Corporation, a Japanese global conglomerate with sales of $US250 billion, and US investment giants fund Magnetar Capital and Blackstone, also plans a $100 million-$200 million battery in Roxby Downs, SA, to be built with a 120MW solar farm.
Mr Green said the "Kingfisher" proposal was proceeding slowly because of discussions with government and BHP Billiton, which owns the giant Olympic Dam copper and uranium mine nearby and lost power for days after a huge storm crippled SA's power grid last September.
Solar power is a no-brainer for a winery, says Sam Barlow, operations manager at Tapanappa Wines Daniel Kalisz
ZENEnergy chairperson Ross Garnaut, said the outcome of the tender was "disappointing for ZEN" – its Port Augusta battery project is designed to deliver similar services to Tesla's – but a "magnificent outcome for SA".
"The big battery and the market and systems integration that ZEN developed over the last 20 months would have a large positive effect in stabilising SA electricity supply," they said.
"It would increase competition in the wholesale energy market leading to lower overall electricity prices. To have beaten us in a competitive process, the Tesla project must be even better.
"Over the next few weeks, ZEN will assess whether there is still room in the SA market for our own Port Augusta battery based grid energy solution."
The Machines of Nantes and other steampunk creatures
The imaginative world of Jules Verne mixed with the mechanical universe of Leonardo da Vinci, as themselves claim. We could add some more sources of inspiration for the exceptional work of François Delarozière and Pierre Orefice. The first one is the soul and head of La Machine, a unique French company that made possible the following circus of mechanical creatures where we are about to enter.
The Machines of the Isle is an original theme park based in Nantes, in the banks of the Loire river in France. The area around the former docks of this city was redeveloped to host this project, including elements that seem out of an alternative future, Steampunk-style:
Le Grand Éléphant. This massive articulated robot is the star of the exhibition. It has even become the official symbol of the city of Nantes. Image by Mr Thinktank . This massive articulated robot is the star of the exhibition. It has even become the official symbol of the city of Nantes.
Nautilus' worst nightmare. A giant squid immersing visitors into Captain's Nemo depths.
Image by Guillaume Singer A giant squid immersing visitors into Captain's Nemo depths.
Abyssal fish. Since 2007 the island of Nantes has been repopulated with these strange artifacts.
Image by Guillaume Singer . Since 2007 the island of Nantes has been repopulated with these strange artifacts.
Manta Ray. The public can ride an move these devices as some kind of puppeteer.
Image by Guillaume Singer . The public can ride an move these devices as some kind of puppeteer.
Dr. Zoidberg's ancestor. These animals are now part of the recently open Marine Worlds Carousel, an extraordinary merry-go-round 82 feet tall (25 meters) and seats for 85 people. Image by Charles Parent These animals are now part of the recently open Marine Worlds Carousel, an extraordinary merry-go-round 82 feet tall (25 meters) and seats for 85 people.
Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind. In the warehouses are the workshops where to see the work on progress.
Image by Jmix photo In the warehouses are the workshops where to see the work on progress.
Currently these galleries are displaying this new generation of terrestrial beasts.
Image by Jmix photo Currently these galleries are displaying this new generation of terrestrial beasts.
The steel tree. This is the mock-up of a monumental structure that will include hanging gardens and branches where people could walk over. It would reach 35 meters and be topped by two herons. Image by Jmix photo This is the mock-up of a monumental structure that will include hanging gardens and branches where people could walk over. It would reach 35 meters and be topped by two herons.
Terminator-turtle. Not only 19th century-style paraphernalia.
Image by Jmix photo Not only 19th century-style paraphernalia.
The Little Shop of Horrors + SAW. A carnivorous metallic plant?
Image by Fourrure . A carnivorous metallic plant?
This giant mechanical spider is another remarkable creation from the same team, a spectacle for the masses that was performing in several cities across the world. Image by Hector Garcia Thisis another remarkable creation from the same team, a spectacle for the masses that was performing in several cities across the world.
The Liverpool Princess was first seen in 2008, as highlight of the city's Capital of Culture. At first it was hanging on the vertical side of a building that had to be demolished. Image by Ajari was first seen in 2008, as highlight of the city's Capital of Culture. At first it was hanging on the vertical side of a building that had to be demolished.
Helping to create jobs. The arachnoid is operated by several people, at least a controller per leg.
Image by Toshihiro Oimatsu The arachnoid is operated by several people, at least a controller per leg.
Arachnophobia in Yokohama. The artifact fits perfectly with the fascination that Japanese seem to have for robots. It travelled here in 2009. Image by Toshihiro Oimatsu . The artifact fits perfectly with the fascination that Japanese seem to have for robots. It travelled here in 2009.
Who knows what new creations are waiting inside the mind of these guys?
Image by Stéfan Who knows what new creations are waiting inside the mind of these guys?
Bonus track: The last move. Nantes has a lively scene of spectacular performances and street sculptures.
Image by Mr Thinktank Nantes has a lively scene of spectacular performances and street sculptures.
Oceanic Dragon. It's surprising the quantity and quality of artistic works that you may stumble upon the city and outskirts.
Image by Philippe Cabaret It's surprising the quantity and quality of artistic works that you may stumble upon the city and outskirts.
Image copyright by www.lesphotosderonan.fr
Kampala - Ebola is thousands of miles away from Kenya's pristine Indian Ocean beaches, but the deadly disease appears to be discouraging tourism there and elsewhere in this vast continent.
Harald Kampa, a hotelier near Mombasa, says the Ebola outbreak in West Africa is hurting their business.
For two weeks in August they had no international arrivals at their Diani Sea Resort, leading them to suspect that Ebola had frightened away their clients. They noticed an improvement only after Kenya Airways cancelled flights to the Ebola-hit West African nations of Sierra Leone and Liberia, action that the local tourism fraternity said was necessary to assure tourists of Kenya's determination to keep Ebola out.
Kampa is not alone. Tour operators across Africa say they face difficulties as the Ebola outbreak, which has killed more than 2 200 people in four countries, continues to defy international efforts to control it. Tourism, a major source of revenue for many African countries - especially Kenya and South Africa - is increasingly being hurt as some potential visitors hesitate over visiting the continent which is home to the disease.
In Nigeria, where there have been very few Ebola cases, occupancy rates in five-star hotels in the commercial capital Lagos have fallen drastically, with many conferences postponed until further notice, said Nigerian economist Bismarck Rewane of the Financial Derivatives Company. Occupancy rates now generally hover around 30% instead of 65% at this time of year, and the drop is even higher for bar and restaurant traffic in Lagos, they said.
"I think people are less inclined to mix with others .. People are now more cautious about mingling," they said.
The U.S. House-passed 2015 Defense Appropriation bill apparently intends to have the Pentagon stop using leading scientific assessments of global climate disruption in national security planning. The Pentagon takes climate change and its impacts seriously and has included these issues in two Quadrennial Defense Reviews. But an amendment by a coal-state Republican would direct DoD to disregard the U.S. National Climate Assessment and the IPCC international assessment.
Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2015, passed by the House of Representatives on June 20.
Environment & Energy Daily reported today (by subscription):
The amendment by Rep. David McKinley (R-W.Va.) — one of more than 150 amendments offered to the appropriations bill — would prevent the Defense Department from helping to plan or implement the National Climate Assessment and the United Nations' Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change.
The amendment targets two perennial GOP targets: the NCA and the U.S. contribution to the IPCC — which seek to measure the effects of climate change in the United States and globally.
This is a radical amendment. Currently, the climate change problem is studied and taken into consideration as a matter of course in national security planning. The Pentagon takes climate change and its impacts seriously and has included these issues in two Quadrennial Defense Reviews. The McKinley amendment apparently intends to have the DoD essentially stop considering climate change as a national security issue. (For a bit more background on McKinley's views, see here and here.)
McKinley's amendment reads:
None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to design, implement, administer, or carry out the U.S. Global Climate Research Program National Climate Assessment, the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change's Fifth Assessment Report, the United Nations' Agenda 21 sustainable development plan, or the May 2013 Technical Update of the Social Cost of Carbon for Regulatory Impact Analysis Under Executive Order 12866.
The same amendment was attached last month to the House version of the 2015 National Defense Authorization bill (“House Directs Pentagon To Ignore Climate Change“):
[McKinley wrote in a memo to House colleagues:] “The climate is obviously changing; it has always been changing. With all the unrest around the [world], why should Congress divert funds from the mission of our military and national security to support a political ideology?”
Research suggests, however, that the Department of Defense has a number of reasons to be worried about climate change. The department said in its own evaluation last year that climate change presents infrastructure challenges at home and abroad. Meanwhile, a March Pentagon report found that climate change impacts are “threat multipliers,” and that the rapid rise of global temperatures and associated extreme weather events could exacerbate issues like “poverty, environmental degradation, political instability and social tensions — conditions that can enable terrorist activity and other forms of violence.”
Nor is climate change a threat that the Obama administration dreamed up to distract the DOD. A National Intelligence Assessment issued during the George W. Bush administration concluded that climate change poses a significant threat to national security. And just this week, Tom Ridge, who served as homeland security secretary under Bush, said that climate change is “a real serious problem,” one that “would bring destruction and economic damage” if we ignore it.
McKinley's amendments may be unlikely to survive consideration of the Defense appropriation and budget authorization bills in the Senate.
Climate Wire reported on May 14 (by subscription):
Former military leaders push for quicker effort to deal with climate change
Seven years ago a group of senior retired generals broke new ground when they warned climate change poses a serious security threat. Now, those top military leaders say the U.S. and others have not done enough to prepare for the challenge.
Writing in a major new report out today, the 16-man military team — including retired four-star Adm. Frank Lee “Skip” Bowman, former director of the Naval Nuclear Propulsion Program; retired Gen. Charles “Chuck” Wald, former deputy commander of the United States European Command; and retired Gen. Gordon Sullivan, the 32nd chief of staff of the Army — concludes that its early fears about climate change were well-founded. The threats are worsening and the political discourse is discouraging, the report says.
“We are dismayed that discussions of climate change have become so polarizing and have receded from the arena of informed public discourse and debate. Political posturing and budgetary woes cannot be allowed to inhibit discussion and debate over what so many believe to be a salient national security concern for our nation,” they wrote. “Time and tide wait for no one.”
The report comes on the heels of the White House releasing its National Climate Assessment, which like the United Nations' recent Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change warned that climate change is happening now and the damage associated with it is widespread, affecting everything from farming to military bases. …
Sherri Goodman, executive director of the CNA Military Advisory Board who served in the DOD as a deputy undersecretary from 1993 to 2001, called the report a “clarion call.” They applauded the fact that addressing climate change has become a mainstream topic within defense and national security circles and said they expected as much.
“In two decades working with the military, I'm not surprised. Because when the military identifies a risk … it really begins to work on it. They get it,” Goodman said. But in the political sphere, they said, much more needs to get done.
CNA Corporation Military Advisory Board report, National Security and the Accelerating Risks of Climate Change
Columnist Paul Farrell, commenting on this development in the Wall Street Journal's Market Watch (“GOP climate-science deniers threaten national defense–Republican House wants to limit Pentagon's use of climate studies”):
Last week 227 of 231 GOP members of the House voted to turn the Pentagon into climate-science deniers, a decision certain to weaken national security. That's about as absurd as telling Silicon Valley they can't use technology.
Get it? The Republican Party is now officially on record as the party of climate-science denialism. These research programs, ongoing and widely used by the Pentagon in strategic national defense planning for many years, could, if the Senate agrees, become illegal to use.
Yes, this Marine veteran is mad as hell. GOP science deniers have “crossed the line,” they're now messing with national security. … The military has been using climate-science research for decades. This vote is self-destructive. These research studies are essential in our national defense. …
Ask the CNA Corporation Military Advisory Board, a longtime Pentagon consultant that includes 16 retired generals and admirals. They just updated a report that earlier “described projected climate change as a threat multiplier.”
Get it? The Pentagon has seen climate change as a threat to our national defense for over seven years. Their updated report “drills down on the new vulnerabilities created and tensions amplified due to climate change, which it deems a catalyst for conflict.” No wonder the Dems warned GOP leaders before that radical amendment to the budget vote: “That's science denial at its worst and it fails our moral obligation to our children and grandchildren.”
CNA Corporation Military Advisory Board's National Security and the Accelerating Risks of Climate Change re-examines the impact of climate change on U.S. national security in the context of a more informed, but more complex and integrated world. – See more at: http://www.cna.org/reports/accelerating-risks#sthash.4UMiO8Sz.dpuf
the CNA Corporation Military Advisory Board's National Security and the Accelerating Risks of Climate Change re-examines the impact of climate change on U.S. national security in the context of a more informed, but more complex and integrated world. The Board's 2007 report described projected climate change as a “threat multiplier.” In this report the 16 retired Generals and Admirals who make up the board look at new vulnerabilities and tensions posed by climate change, which, when set against the backdrop of increasingly decentralized power structures around the world, they now identify as a “catalyst for conflict.” In the seven years since the first Military Advisory Board (MAB) report, developments in scientific climate projections, observed climate changes (particularly in the Arctic), the toll of extreme weather events both at home and abroad, and changes in the global security environment have all served to accelerate the national security implications of climate change. While there has been some movement in efforts to plan effective responses to these challenges, the lack of comprehensive action by both the United States and the international community to address the full spectrum of projected climate change issues remains a concern. The specific questions addressed in this update are: Have new threats or opportunities associated with projected climate change or its effects emerged since our last report? What will be the impacts on our military? The 2014 National Climate Assessment indicates that climate change, once considered an issue for a distant future, has moved firmly into the present. What additional responses should the national security community take to reduce the risks posed to our nation and to the elements of our National Power (Political, Military, Social, Infrastructure, and Information systems (PMESII))? – See more at: http://www.cna.org/reports/accelerating-risks#sthash.4UMiO8Sz.dpuf
* * *
Earlier posts:
Commander of U.S. Forces Pacific: Climate Change is Top Threat
House Science Committee majority plays out the politics of climate science denialism
